user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198020728468,Recommended,269210,32223848,Posted: 6 June,all,Gerard,"I think this game might be suffering from review bombers, or otherwise people just didn't know what they were buying.The main complaint of all these negative reviews seems to be that the game is boring. I just want to make sure we're all on the same page here, it says Hack 'n Slash and ARPG right there in the tags. Have any of you even played an ARPG before? They are the most boring, repetitive games on the market outside of MMORPGs. Diablo 2 is the game that codified 'Doing the same thing over and over but with different colors and bigger numbers'. Hero Siege explicitly models itself after that and you mean to tell me it's too boring for you?The other recurring complaint seems to be some gibberish about the ingame shop. It's there, I guess. Just like the game itself. Besides Diablo 2 it takes strong cues from Binding Of Isaac, even copying some of the item upgrades. It's an allright game, for 1,50 euros I can't get very flustered about it either way."
76561198142419703,Not Recommended,269210,18718185,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ch0yc3R,Banned from the forum after criticizing the update that added mana to the game and deleted the inventory.No explanation of the ban on reason.Patiently helped many open doors for the multiplayer game could flow .Simply sorry to have made ​​the purchase .Negative reviews result in a ban.Other players go through the same.
,Not Recommended,269210,18733738,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Klokateer,"This game used to be fun before the mana system and item wipe, it is no longer good.Most classes have been rendered useless and higher level characters are struggling to get items to even cast skills, (my 108 redneck has ~400 max mana and 3 of his 4 skills cost over 500)The game now constanly crashes if someone leaves the party leaving any items you found in that session gone."
,Not Recommended,269210,18730654,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Jedzenie,"If you are considering buying this game, even on sale: DON'T!Long story short: devs are incompetent and painfully amateur.I had high hopes for this game, played it a lot, bought copies for friends, posted in the forums, the whole nine yards.But patch after patch was ridiculous, drastic, buggy, game changing updates from the devs along with constant item wipes. They have no concept of game design and no idea what they want. They are also vindicative and immature when they delete negative forum threads and insult their user base.This game should STILL be early access, 2 years after release. Crying shame that it's considered ""finished"". Oh well, I guess I expected too much. At least I know to avoid these devs and Panic Art Studios.EDIT: Haha the developer response, I just can't stop laughing. Hero Siege still needs to be early access, just look at the patch notes to see what I mean. Seriously take a read, or check the forums, the perpetual churn is STILL happening.A ""final product on Steam"" doesn't drastically change core mechanics and systems 2 years after release (just figure out mana, attack speed, item progression, HUD style, levelling, and waves, etc. already). Also excellent strategy to blame the community, I'm happy to see you guys are still unprofessional, immature, and rude.Nice try Panic Art Studios, but your game is still junk and this review is still 100% accurate.EDIT: 2017 update, 3 years since release, they are removing the core wave system and adding quests to their game. Seems like a drastic change for a ""mature"" and ""finished"" product that's ""totally out of early access"". What a joke."
,Not Recommended,269210,17348738,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,norPh,"TL;DR : That game is entertaining but appart from some imbalance and annoying random deaths, what I strongly dislike about that game is that when you buy, you only get 75% of the game. That being said, the game also deserve his positives reviews.The Game is designed to be played with the DLCs, so basicly it's not additionnal content, it's the rest of the game developers are offering you to buy. I have no problem with that kind of merchandising if the game is free to play but it is not.If you only buy the incomplete game, you can't have the best loot (unless you play enough to get 5000 rare crytals and beat a very strong boss with your low level stuff, after almost 50 hours and if I kept all my crytals I still don't half the crytals required to fight him) AND you can't play in multiplayer.Even when you check the achievements you'll see some you can only get if you own the DLCs, if I had seen this in the review instead of positive ones, if would not have bought this game."
76561197963437606,Not Recommended,269210,27730561,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FireAlarmPuller,Shame on the devs for begging for nominations to produce more content.  This is the only game on my feed that is attempting to manipulate the steam awards in exchange for more content.  They need a push back and negative reviews because of this.
,Not Recommended,269210,20635897,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,cfiend,"I've written a review which is too long, therefore I'm posting only the most relevant part. For full review, please see comments below. Thanks.TL;DR - game is released as ""complete"" with 4 DLCs while still being unplayable beyond single playerUPDATE 21 January 2016: now with hilarious developer comments belowUPDATE 3 March 2016: this about sums up what the dev says about ""vocal minority"" of not satisfied playershttp://steamcommunity.com/id/gomical/recommended/269210/Multi playerOK, so this is the part that, after many hours in-game and countless patches released by developers, made me write this review.Long story short: I bought the game mid-June 2015, noticing a fun indie title with overwhelmingly positive (back then) reviews. Well, ♥♥♥♥ me, I bought a 4-pack to play with friends, bought the DLCs, told friends to buy DLCs (or bought them myself then gifted) so we can play the whole thing together, that sort of thing - you know the drill. Tried playing - nope, had to portforward, as peer-to-peer wasn't available back then. OK, no big deal, added one rule to firewall and all is good. Tried again - massive synchronisation problems, invisible monsters, traps working out of sync from the server. Game was basically unplayable, because it seemed like each player was seeing different game. So the game was shelved, hoping that errors will be patched, network protocol will be fixed and so on.Fast-forward to 2016: things are unbelievably and utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I don't think I've ever seen more horribly broken piece of network software than Hero Siege and believe me, I've seen some seriously ♥♥♥♥ed up brain-damaged♥♥♥♥♥♥working as a professional and fairly low-level programmer and hobbyist gamedev. Out of morbid curiosity, I would like to peer into this abyss of shoddy sourcecode, knowingly that there could be an unspeakable, lovecraftian horror lurking inside, waiting for another soul to consume.Think about everything that can go wrong with synchronising the state of two game clients (or rather: client and server) in a game like this and it will go wrong, plus a lot more.Everything listed below (and more...) was observed while playing on LAN with wired Ethernet connection. No other active machines on network but a server and single client. There can be hardly an environment closer to perfection in multiplayer gaming, and still developers are bullcrapping people that the cause lies in lags and packet loss - see their posting from 8 Jan 2016.Monsters appearing out of nowhere and ♥♥♥♥ing you up? Check.Invisible ranged attacks (arrows, acid) from monsters ♥♥♥♥ing you up? You bet, check.Seeing traps in one place or state, while on the server they're somewhere else or in another state, therefore impaling you, smashing you around or otherwise ♥♥♥♥ing you up? Double ♥♥♥♥ing check.Seeing monsters in one place and attacking them, and seeing hits registering while in actuality they're somewhere else entirely and ♥♥♥♥ing you or someone else up? Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing Gaben...check!Not seeing special monster perks like ""punisher"" (spiky balls orbiting around monster, making melee attacks dangerous and usually fatal for the attacker) while you try to melee the undying♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that skeleton, unknowingly ♥♥♥♥ing yourself up? Kamikaze says: check.Not seeing pools of acid (map-based, not monster-attack-based) and similar stuff so that maneuvering in frantic combat can ♥♥♥♥ you up out of the blue? Yep, check.Standing in place while the other game instance (server) sees you as shuffling a bit around, therefore potentially making you get hit with attack, that would otherwise not connect? Less dangerous, but still - check. Remember that server is the authority (for now, read below...) on deciding which attack connects and which does not.Broken quests, where quest items don't spawn and quests are therefore unsolvable, but game registers them as done and you can get your reward instantly? Hm, this is actually rewarding and not punishing, but still a bug, so check please.Seeing entirely different map from the server?You think I'm joking, right? That I'm smoking some unhealthy♥♥♥♥♥♥and seeing weird things. Tell you what - triple-down XXL mother♥♥♥♥ing check with side order of fries. This was most easily reproduced in fight with V Act boss (Karp of Doom DLC).All of this was observed while playing side by side, so that I could compare in what state the server sees the world to what is displayed on the client by looking directly on neighboring computer screen.What's really fun is that some of these problems are directly caused by game engine sucking big time on efficiency front and that networking is seemingly tied to the graphics engine, doing stuff like positions recalculations with each frame redraw. When FPS on server starts dropping for some reason (many monsters and items on the screen) while on the client FPS stays high,♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan in the most spectacular fashion.Rule number two: you don't tie calculations of your world to how fast can you redraw this world on screen.And don't get me started on playing on properly powerful machine. I comfortably played Diablo 2 (which looks better than Hero Siege BTW) on PentiumII 333 MHz. ♥♥♥♥ing hell, even on 6-core 3.2 GHz CPU this game can noticeably lag while opening chests (when many coins are being spawned on screen) or starting another wave of monsters! We have GPUs for a reason, and that reason is not ""standing idly while CPU works its♥♥♥♥♥off on graphics processing"".What's even more disconcerting is the current idea of dealing with the problems of desynchronisation. In news posting from 8 Jan 2016, developers stated that they want to move the responsibility of checking whether client was hit by a trap or a monster to the client itself.Seriously. Let that thought sink in for a while.Rule number one: you do not trust the input from the client.Rule number zero: you DO NOT trust the input FROM THE CLIENT.Or else you'll be having immortal players all around, faster than you'll be able to say ""you are free to cheat as you like and we won't even bother checking♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.To add insult to injury, developers are incompetent on the security front. They got hacked (cracked), not once buttwiceand it resulted in mass banning of players by the crackers. I do not condone cracking, though it made me think about security practices applied in Panic Art Studios and whether they, for example, store players' passwords in plaintext. Though seeing how they want to fix problems with their networking by blindly believing input from clients, maybe I shouldn't be surprised.Oh, did I mention that sometimes you'll spawn in town as another character class? E.g. you play a Pyromancer and someone else is Viking. Then sometimes when moving to town you'll become a Viking. Luckily this is only temporary but still it boggles the mind on how deep is the rabbit hole."
,Recommended,269210,16541898,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SmokingFlash,"Hero SiegeHero Siege is a fun bullet hell game that issimilar to the Binding of Issac and has that nice rpg feel.GraphicsAs you can guess this game is pixelated like the olden times of games.GameplayThe gameplay for hero siege is massively enjoyable as a fun yet difficult twin stick shooter with a lot to offer. When you start off you will not have much at all but as you play the game you will recieve relics, equipment, and even potions, each adding to your abilities. The game has 7 base classes each with its own skill tree to discover and enjoy.SingleplayerSo far I have only had the chance to enjoy singleplayer and the necromancer class (so this review will focus on the necromancer class). The necromancer starts off with a skill tree where you can pick to have dead hands rise from the grave around you dealing damage or having the ability to summon 3 undead maruaders to your aid. As you level up you gain new points to invest in your skills with new tiers unlocking occassionally. The maps are somewhat randomly generated and contain traps that can damage both you and you enemies. Once you beat a certain # of enemies a boss will spawn. Sometimes the boss will be easy while others are much more difficult. Once you beat a boss a portal will open to continue to the next area and the boss will sometimes leave treasure chests and a relic for you to collect.Relics/Chestsok so there are 3 types of chest you can find throughout the game.Wood Chest- as you can expect not that great loot but sometimes will drop a keyGold Chest- to open this chest you require a key and it wil usually have pretty decent items to findCrystal Chest-contains great loot and items to collect and require a crystal key to openOk now back to relics.Relics are items you find in your game that can greatly help you. You gain relics after defeating a boss, buying from a shopkeeper or looting from a crypt/dungeon. There is an immense amount of relics that aid you throughout your journey from a hat that shoots out the symbol π at enemies to a fly swatter that does nothing but spawn a prop fly. There is an immense amount of relics so i recomment you check the wiki or the guide here on steam.RatingPros+ 7 classes with good possibilites+ smooth gameplay with nice controls+ i can summon the dead+ pixelated and has nice rpg feel+ equipment is useful+ relics soooo many fun relicsCons- lagged immensly whenever i got an achievemt- dlc a bit priceyFinal ThoughtsHero siege is an amazing game with alot to offer. It has been a while since i have been able to enjoy a game like this. If you love the old pixelated rpg styles and love the binding of issac or bullet hell type games give Hero Siege a shot.Final Rating 9/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,18747591,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,*Yuki*,"This game is like girl - you loved it, you hailed it, but then SUDDENLY those days happenedIt was cool. Rlly. ItwaslikeIsaac meets diablowith ability to make itbullet hell(you can summon all waves of enemies at once). Then devs addedonline multiplayer.""What happens?"" - you can ask.Devs f*cked community.Actually it feels like they dont know what to do and how to do it:-Multiplayer didnt work for half yearand right nowits almost empty, cuz all, who wanted to play it online, dropped it.-Rogue-lite part with permadeath moved to optionalhardcore mode,pseudo-randomly generation still broken(monsters and minions spawns outside of map). Also there isno more challenge, cuz theyunlocked every difficult and zone since start. Isaac fans dropped it.-Bullet-hell part killedby addingunbalanced MP. Rlly - one skill uses 60%+ of your mana - its annoying.So... who still plays it? 2.5 fans of cheap 2D diablo clones?It was fun. But devs forgot, its not early access and not free game. Every thread on forum, where community tries to criticism, closes so fast by moderators, authors of them get permabans like I did. Sad.R.I.P Hero Siege.29.01.2014 - 27.10.2015"
,Not Recommended,269210,20152946,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,synnth,"The developers of this game should hire a proper PR team, as well as a community liaison. Not only do they refuse to listen to ideas that would improve them game for everyone, but they dismiss anyone with even the most courteous of criticisms. Be wary of speaking out against them if you wish to continue to have access to the online portions of the game.Remember, when you buy a game, you are not only paying for the experience, you are supporting the developers and their practices. Even for .89 USD, I would recommend you spend your money elsewhere.P.S. Even if you do ignore this and buy the game anyways, the other reviewers are right when they say the base game is nowhere near the full experience. If you thought recent AAA games were incomplete at launch and only cash grabs for DLC and season passes, this game and it's developers present to you more of the same."
76561197967490697,Not Recommended,269210,11285591,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,fargore,"I bought this game because the video on the main store page says online multiplayer. I start to play and there is no online multiplayer. You currently have to pay for a DLC in order to get features that are advertised on the games main store page. I expect that when I purchase two copies of the game, one for me and one for my wife, that I’m simply going to be able to start the game and play multi player like they are all over the store video. As a matter of fact online multiplayer is mentioned at least twice in the video. So I am not recommending the game because it does not come with the features that are advertised at the time of advertisement.Note: Since the original posting of this review the video that advertised features the game does not poses has been removed from the store page. So currently the review really just serves as a warning that the developers have misrepresented information in the past so you should make sure to do proper research before making a purchasing decision based on what is posted on the store page.And if you really want to have some fun read the comments but start at the bottom and read up so you get the oldest first.In response to a comment about their bad customer service practices one of the developers had this to say“Also we are not a company, we are just guys making games. there is absolutely no business or marketing in our setting. We just made the game, put it on steam and haven't done anything else about it.”So you might want to keep that in mind as well."
76561198030080447,Recommended,269210,12109904,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,PrinzEugen,"Hero Siegeis likeDiablostripped to its core, with someThe Binding of Isaac-like rogue elements added as spices. It's a top-down action hack 'n slash with 16-bit graphics, to be played as one of seven distinct characters, each with their own abilities and skills. During one's walk around the arena, there's gold and (some) loot to be picked up, there are (many) monsters to be slain, and every six levels, a boss (some amazingly easy, some excruciatingly difficult) awaits you. Levels and enemies are random-generated from a relatively large numer of possibilities, which guarentees a lot of differentiation. There are - very Diablo-like.. - several chapters, each chapter having 30 (!!) levels. So far, so good: the idea is sound, the graphics are fun although a bit blurred, and the gameplay - if using an Xbox 360-like controller - is as fluid as one could hope for.ButHero Siegealso has its share of problems. The ""rpg-light""-like leveling system, with stats- and skill-points to be distributed as one levels up, is way too unbalanced. Stats go only up by fractions of percentages, making it fairly useless to upgrade them, except maybe from level 50 or so on. Action skills are sometimes VERY powerful after a time, which will be necessary - but some are really over-the-top. Opposed to this, the amount of damage one can get while playing, is completely unpredictable. This is by itself a good thing, but some bullet-firing skulls deal such an amount of damage, that during the first six levels at least, you can die in an instant without even knowing what hit you. The graphics tend to hide these skulls sometimes, and that makes it really frustrating. It's not funny to get killed out-of-the-blue without even having a hint of what hit you. Though I have to admit, once at a certain level (certainly from 31 upwards), these devils can be survived better. Power-ups, dropped by the bosses, are really essential to survive for a longer time - but since they drop randomly as well, some games are fun because of the great assets they give, others are really disappointing since you didn't get anything worthwhile for a long time.The good thing is that the developers are still finetuning things, and taking comments from the community into consideration, as far as I can see. That's why I give this game a thumbs-up, even if I've cried out sometimes in frustration when my poor newly-made marksman got out of the blue hit once more by a deadly bullet. What should really be implemented is a better save system: relics (power-ups) tend to get lost once I quit the game, and saving is actually only possible every act (30 levels).This game has potential, is strangely addictive (although the 152 (!!!) Steam achievements seem like impossible to get), but still has serious flaws. Luckily, the developers are still finetuning and working on it.UPDATE (08/15)Being curious about how the game looks and plays now, almost I year later, I started it up again, to find out some things have been improved indeed. The levelling system seems much more balanced now, there are new chapters & classes and the overall feel is more polished. However, once in-game I quickly stumbled upon the ""old problems"": some enemies/bullets can still kill you instantly, and since you can't always see them coming through the mayhem this really is bothering. Overall though, I find the game to have improved significantly over the past year.The large amount of achievements has been turned down a notch or two, so that it's easier to get a reasonable number of achievements overall.Conclusion: recommended, but not for the casual gamer looking for some easy fun"
,Not Recommended,269210,17620129,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Izunundara,"Hmm, interesting alpha. Might be promising when it comes out of Early Access.It's not in Early Access?Oh.Alright.-Almost all the text in the game needs proofread. I know this isn't really much of a point because English isn't everyone's native language, but getting someone whose primary language IS English to look at the game once and say ""Yeah that's alright I guess."" is not nearly as hard as learning an entire language.-Unstable FPS. Huge FPS drops. I'm running a rig that plays most modern games at 60 FPS on max graphics.-Mouse doesn't work on some menus. For no reason.-""Beautiful sprite art"" means 5 or so average looking models for enemies which aren't even palette swapped.-Balance is an alien, nebulous concept in this game. Grinding for an hour to make your character capable of doing anything is REQUIRED.-Classes are flat and uninteresting, often with abilities that are blatantly not worth putting points in. There's an objectively optimal path for every class to skill in, so every class ends up as a copypaste. It takes an hour literally to obtain your second ability.-Character control is clunky at best. Your character feels like they are moving through glue and diarrhea.-Picking up an item does not add it to your inventory or pause the game. It vomits a comparison window over your screen, under which enemies are still murdering your♥♥♥♥♥ while you look at the vendor trash that has dropped because it still provides this nonsense for items which it highlights in red as WORSE than your current stats, yet it still asks you if you want to PERMANENTLY DISCARD YOUR CURRENT ITEM IN EXCHANGE FOR IT.-Temporary buffs that last for that life are a nice idea, except that they spiral wildly out of control after a point where you are now indestructable and kill enemies in a single shot. Losing ALL of your items on death is a kick in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Losing ALL of your MONEY, KEYS AND ITEMS is past ""Roguelike elements"" and into Roguelite territory.-None of the stats tell you what they do. OR EVEN WHAT THEY'RE CALLED. Yes, you can figure most of it out with a little experimentation, or familiarity with the genre really. That's still not an excuse for failing to educate the player.-There are altars that upon interacting, can give you permanent upgrades to stats. Or downgrades. The first of which I found gave me nothing. The second gave nothing. The third gave me +20 Toughness (or whatever it is in this), which grotesquely overbalanced the game because the timing of which I got it made me able to instakill everything, including bosses. The next gave -40 Agility. MINUS 40. Every level up gives TWO attribute points, meaning I just lost TWENTY LEVELS' WORTH OF STATS. AT LEVEL 12. Permanently. Why not just have a background RNG that deletes your character on a 1:1000 chance every minute?-Please stop wholesale ripping off Diablo's font. It was cute the first few games, it stopped being so once we reached double figures.-NPCs in town that have ""TALK TO ME"" style blips on their head, yet have no interactions.-The Options menu has no Options. Well, that's not true, your options are ""Want at the very least resolution configuration but accept it isn't there"", or ""eat♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.-The volume slider can be DRAGGED OFF THE SLIDER BAR. This doesn't sound like a big issue except that trying to turn the game's godforsaken audio down causes it to jump off the bar and hover over the other buttons in the menu, which take priority over it rendering it stuck at what feels like 200% volume.-Restart button gives NO CONFIRMATION, especially considering it's the exact same as dying sans the ""KILLED BY *disjointed sprite*"" screen.-Text is blurry and hard to read.-You get the ONLY TUTORIAL MESSAGE in the game EVERY TIME YOU START AN ACT. Which doesn't even cover all the controls.-It seems to have some kind of premium currency crystals which they forgot to add the Pay to Win aspect because there's not an option to buy them, yet they behave exactly like say Gems in Clash of Clans.-Entering a bonus dungeon RESETS YOUR PROGRESS ON THAT LEVEL. WHY.-Why do you explode like you die every time you go through a doorway/portal?-Crates and pots bleed.-The random map generation can sometimes, and by sometimes I mean quite regularly, spawn enemies outside the map. You have to kill them to progress. Go figure. Trying to leave the map via the gates the enemies walk in through teleports you to the spawn instead.-I SEE ITEMS BLATANTLY STOLEN FROM BINDING OF ISAAC.-One voiceover for all characters. With really crappy effects.-Ambiance effects should not run at different framerates from each other and the main entites. It looks awful.-Hitboxes for enemies seem to sometimes run on bullet hell rules where they only count as hits if it touches their source pixel.-Pirate's shots are so staggered that firing at an enemy results in every second shot passing them because the Pirate can't aim.This game feels like another one of those games that needed a sane person sitting on the chair beside the developer, overseeing the game's creation, so that they could slap the dev every time they suggested something like ""wut if we made the abilitys asplod so big dat u canit c anythin ye"". The fact that it's attempting to sell extra characters as DLC is actually repulsive. Please finish your game before you sell it. PLEASE PLEASE finish your game before you make DLC."
,Not Recommended,269210,18726320,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Lafexlos,"Game WAS good actually when I started to play it BUT with updates (especially 27th oct. one) it's just another Diablo II clone with LOTS of bugs.Still gotta say, devs are working on the game and updating periodically. MAYBE in the future they manage to lessen number of bugs and make this different than D2.Edit after giving another shot: Your HP is like a binary value(0 or 1). Either you are at full hp or die in instant. %99 of the times you kill enemies with ease but then one weird trap comes out of nowhere and boom, you are dead. I've finished Isaac with Lost so I know how to dodge a bullet or two but this game is just ridiculous."
,Recommended,269210,8935888,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,AlexandreBR,"I've played this game in ANDROID, and now in the PC just got better!This game is very addictive and hard.You choose a character and must defeat waves of monsters, after a few waves of creatures you face bosses!Each character has its advantages and disadvantages, as well as their own weapons / spells.It has a good amount of different monsters to confront, and collect money to buy potions and stuff. And of course also has the relics that can give you an optimal help in your battle.This game is very simple, but very fun."
,Not Recommended,269210,31552244,Posted: 4 May,all,Agent Cythera,"This game is the most boring, yet addictive game I've ever played. It's like eating plain potato chips: It doesn't taste very good, and after a short amount of time you begin to feel sick, but it's easier than finding something else to do.Combat has no variation whatsoever. Every single character shoots in four directions, moves at the same speed, and has the same agonizingly slow stat growth and agonizingly slow, boring gameplay. There is no variation from the easiest difficulty to the hardest, and there can be no strategy involved. The enemies are re-skinned versions of the last thing you fought with more HP and (occasionally) a ""skill"" that lets them do something other than walk at you slowly for a few seconds.None of the characters are varied or interesting. If you play as a ranged character, you shoot. If you play as a melee character, you hit things. Again, no difference in movement speed, attack damage or type, or even visual effects aside from a recolor of projectiles.To top it all off, the game is more focused on selling the player a bunch of DLCs and FTP-style premium currency to buy hats with, but in a paid game. I've played this game for fifty hours trying to make it fun. I bought all of the DLC, visited all of the areas, and ultimately wasted my time and money. There are plenty of good games out there for what this costs, go have a real experience.EDIT: The mobile version also costs twice as much as the PC version. Go figure."
,Recommended,269210,13633042,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jack mames,"Brutally difficult dual-stick shooting done addictively right!Two things first:1) This is a singleplayer review. If you're curious about multiplayer, read another review.2) I didn't really care for Binding of Isaac, was moderately engaged by Hammerwatch, but mostly don't dabble in dual-stick shooters. What attracts me to this game is how it demands players to strive to a high level of skill while still maintaining the unforgiving difficulty that characterizes classic roguelikes. You're gonna die a lot and it's gonna suck, but the juice is worth the squeeze.3) If you're ♥♥♥♥♥ing about not being able to shoot diagonally, I recommend you play a SNES game or two and suck it up, big boy.PROS- Wide variety of monsters and bosses, with nice touches of randomized customizations- Surprisingly large selection of fully developed character classes- One metric @#$%-ton of chievies (yeah, c'mon, nobody's going to play 150 hours)- Sweet procedurally generated level designs with a delicious crunchy pixel-art style- Loads of relics, potions, and blessings, with a well-integrated dungeon shopCONS / Devs, please take note:- Bosses are pretty uneven. Sometimes you'll get hulking brutes you can easily down, sometimes you'll get one-shotted instantly. Would be nice if they were a bit easier, but maybe it gets a bit more reasonable after leveling up a bit.- PLEASE PUT IN A MINIMAP. I absolutely @#$%ing hate being chased around the map by the last monster of a wave just because I want to find that statue or dungeon that spawned. It's not a huge fix, won't break the game, and trust me, a lot of people will really appreciate it.~~ Note for Roguelike Aficionados ~~Stats and skills carry over after death (except temporary boosts, of which there are many varieties). I know what you're thinking, ""Son, I am disappoint! I raised you to be a godlike 1337 rogue hardcore permadeath maximum difficulty pro, not some respawning filthy casul!"" That's what I thought too, at first. Then after my 50th death without even getting to the second stage (and with a fair bit of skill, mind you!), I realized that I needed those XP levels to just... stick with me. You can probably guess that it does turn into a bit of a grind at that point, but that's where the game's charm kicks in.Each character class has 4 unique abilities to learn and over twice as many passive skills. I tried the Viking and the Pirate, but ended up playing as a Pyromancer who I named ""Solitary Eye"". There is something distinctly gratifying about kiting around a bunch of high level monsters who could kill you in 3 or 4 hits and then igniting the ground around you in an enormous inferno while you spray jets of fire from your fingers at the largest beasts and summon meteors to crash down all around from the heavens... and they all die at once. You get XP, wade around in some blood, maybe grab a health orb if you're lucky (you won't need 'em though, you dangerous kiting expert, you), and pray for some of the more powerful basterds to drop keys.Keys: keys are what you want. But be warned, having a bunch of keys and then finding no loot caves or chests to open, then getting merked by a stray lightning bolt you weren't paying attention to... that's gonna tick you off. A lot. Especially when you find 3 chests in your next play through and no keys. The loot dungeons, puzzle (and insanely dangerous) dungeons, and crypts filled with coins or crazy bosses... mayne, they're just really sexily implemented.If you DO play the game in hardcore mode, you're probably Steven Hawking. Get a life.~~ Opinionated Stance ~~I waited until this game was on sale to buy it because I am below the poverty line. If I were more financially privileged, I would buy this at full price with no hesitation. I don't know much about the devs other than that this is a port that used to be based on a cash shop, but if they manage to smooth out the remnants of cash shop grind features, I would happily buy the DLC as well.8.5 / 10for fans of- Hammerwatch- frustrating roguelikes- dual-stick fantasyA+ would fight giant rat with speech impediment again"
,Not Recommended,269210,28135884,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kaizer,"I bought this game on mobile, i bought the expansions on mobile and 2 weeks later they completely redid the game and i lost everything including the expansions and the itmes i bought then they revoked the mobile game and put it on steam, when i opened a support ticket to ask for the game on steam because they had just walked off with my money and dropped support ...no response , i had to buy the game on steam and then id have to buy the expansion + i lost all my characters and the stuff i paid money for which is the same things in the game on steam....dunno why i cant just have my data transffered.it was a good game until they ******* me over and then didnt even give me a redeem code for what i lost.thats what these developers are like, its  cash cow and they just release more and more expansions so the previous ones are useless, bad service."
76561198036394975,Not Recommended,269210,28231432,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sir Raiu Koren,"Sloppy coding, lazy programming, and a heaping pile of bonus content to make playtime longer rather than better render this title a definitive thumbs down.While the base gameplay is fun, the game is so rife with nearly year-old bugs, UI errors, typos, bad hitbox detection, and just overall lazy development that it reeks of a developer trying to cash in on Skinner-box style addiction than a truly compelling game experience. This isn't art, it's vendor trash, peddled to junkies."
76561198061388632,Not Recommended,269210,28364505,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Papa Nurgle,"At one point in time I would have recommended this game to all the die hard rouge-like fans out there. But after some recent updates I can say without a shadow of a doubt that this game is not worth investing in or purchasing. This is, as most people have put it, a cash cow. there is no love behind the game and it's updates and you can see and feel it. Maybe one day I can reinstall and recommend, but for now I can't in good conscience."
76561198032943425,Not Recommended,269210,24547515,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,VectorX,"Having played over 100 hours in this game, I feel that I can give an adequate review.The game is addictive and fun up to a certain point.  Then, like all the other reviewers with negative reviews have said, the game mechanics break due to incredibly large numbers of things (your health, your damage, monster count, and massive amounts of everything flying across the screen).The game definitely has glitches that will make you table flip and rage quit.  I left because I managed to score a winning combo of relics (homing attacks, vampirism, and money increases damage).  But then the game crashed and I lost it all.  For those of you who have played D3, imagine getting your character with his entire build all set up with the best build, then Blizzard not fixing a crash that takes it all away and you have to do it again.  How long will you play that game?The dev's need to fix these game breaking bugs before continuing to release DLC to milk money from their customers (like me and all the negative reviewers).  Now that you know, feel free to buy on sale and blow hours and hours on it.  Just realize that at some point, you will hit that frustration wall and just...stop."
,Recommended,269210,12759159,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,lolschrauber,"I'd give this game a 9/10:Overall this game is really fun to play. It's not too easy and has a frustration factor, but the gameplay is good enough to keep you entertained.You pick your hero and run around the arena killing monsters, which come in 6 waves per stage, the 6th one containing a  boss. Repeat that 5 times and you'll end up finding the big chapter boss.There are multiple classes, from swordfighters to rangers to magic types.You level up by killing monsters and upgrade your skills and your stats (Attack, defense, health, mana).Some monsters have certain enhancements or special abilities and there are champion versions.If you keep going you will find relics granting you special abilities to help you out as well as keys that open chests which contain gold to buy stuff, armor and weapons, potions or crystals which can be used to unlock (mostly cosmetic) stuff.There are also armor and weapon items to be found, which don't have any cosmetic effect, though they increase your stats and can give you special abilities.Sometimes, bigger versions of monsters will drop a bomb or a circling laser thing after they die to finish you off when you least expect it. That's really annoying sometimes.You have to avoid certain traps (or you can use them to your advantage against monsters), for example spike traps or arrow turrets. Sometimes they can be hidden behind a tree or something, so you have to be aware of your surroundings.The controls are good with a 360 controller, you can move in any direction while attacking in any other direction you want (only 90° angles though). I have not tried keyboard controls.There are multiple difficulties and areas, but you have to unlock them first.Most of the passive skills seem a bit useless at first, it takes quite a few skill points for them to be really useful, while the active skills seem a lot more viable.For online multiplayer you have to register with some service, but theres also local multiplayer for 2 players, haven't tried that yet, however.The DLC is rather decent and recommended if you enjoy the base game."
76561198174022758,Not Recommended,269210,18736239,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,lordtraz,"Not going to lie, I loved this game when I first got it... Then this update made this game crap IMO.. I even paid for the all the DLC to help support this game.. Now I feel bad cus it's like I paid them to screw up somthing I enjoyed. Remove the mana system..."
76561198105472987,Not Recommended,269210,18727742,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,anchronix,"Patch 1.4.2.3!Thanks for ruining the game (for me). I really started enjoying it and was on my way to finish ""Nightmare"" difficulty and it was fun. But my motivation to climb is now gone while opening all difficulties to all Players...gna! Also that Mana System ruined some classes royally, Paladin is somewhat not playable now, same for Marksman (which were the two classes i've played mostly).I know that you guys are working hard on this game, but those changes ruined at least my game experience. I will keep watching the development of this and probably change my review at a later date if i'm satified with the changes. I have hope here as the guys behind this game look like they want to develop a nice game and they hopefully will have an ear out on their community...Don't get me wrong, there were also good changes (like the inventory system) but for now, i will rest a while since it is overall not fun anymore.The game WAS really good and i enjoyed every hour i've played it ... until now. Please guys...fix it ;)"
76561198023067330,Recommended,269210,13908066,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,✘Strychnine✘,"""Okay, let's play this game for 20 minutes, it will get boring after that""*Gets hooked and plays it for 13 hours straight*"
,Not Recommended,269210,33370061,Posted: 8 July,all,5PSRL,"Was absolutely loving this game until i decided to try online play, lobby is really buggy, get thrown out of most games because of server issues. now i find myself on a perma ban because i apparently cheated. I wouldn't even know how to cheat. devs tried to say one of my stats was set to some high number but wouldn't go into the issue with me anymore. I tried to reason with them saying it must be one of the many bugs in the game but they don't seem to care. personally my recommendation would be to stay with local play and leave online alone until the devs wake up and fix stuff faster."
,Not Recommended,269210,22456151,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ihatebarracuda,"I had a fair amount of fun with this when I first bought it, but due to a series of bad patches and updates it became a broken, unplayable mess. Classic example of if it's not broken, don't fix it."
76561198026422405,Not Recommended,269210,18726771,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Broom,"I played this game for a couple weeks and had a great time.Now it's a totally different game. ""optimized for endgame"" my♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥until I reach endgame because it's crap.Not only did I buy a 4 pack and gift it to my friends, I even recommended it so hard they all bought the DLC. My brother just found time last night to play, and bought all three dlc at full price. Luckily, we played less than 2 hours before we went on Path of Exile, so he can still return his copy and get refunds for the DLC. The 48 hours I played in the last weeks were great, but I won't be adding any time to that until the ""optimizations"" are reversed.Here are some ""optimizations"":Mana mechanic replaced the Cooldown mechanic.Introduced health regeneration (so now instead of risking killing an enemy to get HP and putting everything on the line, you can just run away for 3minutes until you are full. Boring.)One more attribute, energy. However no extra attribute points on level up.Skill synergies (how attributes affect skills) have been reduced down to 4% of their original value. Good job... So now not only do some skills deal no damage, they also cost precious mana.Swiftness (Attack speed) attribute removed and replaced by a stat only available through ""Mystic"" weapons. Garbage.The didn't change proc chance of skills, so one skill point is either 200 damage on an active skill (that didn't need to be skilled for damage because of synergies) , or 1% chance to proc. Since you can't skill into attack speed, proc builds aren't worth investing in. Since skills cost more mana per level, you can't level skills unless you dump stat points into energy.Obligatory Viking quote: ""War never changes... THANK THE GODS FOR THAT""He was wrong. ♥♥♥♥ the gods.Game was 9/10Now it's Diablo 3/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,18718376,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MachoManRandyRabbit,"This was a great game, but the most recent patch was a good ♥♥♥♥ in my bum.Now you are required to put your first 400 points into mana, and then you can start a decent character build.I also like how my decently leveled characters aren't viable anymore thanks to all of my items going bye bye. So long all those mythic drops.For those of you starting this fresh, enjoy you might like it.RIP past players. RIP me."
76561198035869638,Not Recommended,269210,34144605,Posted: 10 August,all,zerowing21,"I used to like this game back when it was in like 1.0, before they added the town and did other things. With this latest update, I find the entire need for equipment less and less fun when you didn't really have a need for such a thing in 1.0. The new boss mechanics with some having final death moves or having one boss summon flies on you that can kill you in one shot if you run into them, not to mention there is no way to kill said flies even if you tried. The damage is so outragous and bugged for this type of thing.Of course I've been killed by a boss halfway across the map for not reason too. In the end, this game's many consistant bugs, like enemies outside the game play area and constant mechanical changes to how the game is played, like from not needing to get equipment to needing to get equipment, is not making me want to contiune on. I had considered getting the DLCs at one ponit when this was fun, but this thing is just a gaint cash grab by the devs who probably care very little for user input.So in the end, I do not recommend this game I used to enjoy. The current feedback rating is very deceptive at this point, so buy this at your own risk."
,Recommended,269210,8905898,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,ToXiC,"Very fun game. Well worth the $10 price tag, and the developers have said that they will add new content as time goes by.If you like games like Binding of Issac and Rogue Legacy, or just Hack & Slash games in general,  I would highly recommend picking up Hero Siege."
76561198002954695,Not Recommended,269210,31209498,Posted: 17 April,all,Terrahertz,"The game itself is kind of good, what annoys me about it is how the devs treat it.The changes in updates seem sometimes very random: remove Attackspeedboosts from items, add Attackspeedboosts to items again after noticing some characters do not work without such boosts and so on.This in itself would not a that big of a problem, BUT they wipe out your equipment nearly every update, instead of tweak their stats. In a game where items make up 99% of the power of your character, it's basically a characterwipe.This would be okay IF the game would be in Early Access, but it does not seem to be anymore, so wtf?"
,Not Recommended,269210,28521565,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,5upportive mother,"TL;DR - don't waste your time with this♥♥♥♥♥♥the concept is fun and somewhat addicting, graphics are fancy and the whole game is pretty well made (done in GameMaker, pretty impressive). but i hate it to the depths of my soul. here's why:1) bugs galore! ridiculous oneshot-deaths, crashes, disconnects, animation failures, various multiplayer priority conflicts, fps drops, missing items, i don't remember having a smooth online expirience ever in this game.2) paid trash DLCs! ""oh hey we made a new♥♥♥♥♥♥class and map retextures you gotta pay for"". you're not obligated but still feels wrong. instead of fixing the core they chip in some more crap for your cash.3) major rollbacks my dudes! grind those wormholes overnight for better loot just for the sake of it, get hero levels, grow stronger - only to lose it all because reasons! they have ""seasonal"" characters that get wiped after season ends (and it's ticked for you upon new character creation - lovely huh?), but it's not even that. they rollback before events, on new♥♥♥♥♥♥updates, and yadayada - whenever they feel like it. who cares about progress right?4) hey yo new layouts and♥♥♥♥♥♥ moving your furniture around while also rollbacking you every ♥♥♥♥ing month (approx.). the thing was there and now it's somwhere else, also some hud changes, map rescales, number reductions and stuff - all so you would never accustom yourself to anything.5) here's mana! it was just cooldowns on your skills back in the day, but now we have mana which never even ends and means nothing in the game but there you have it! just a fancy example of poor choices devs don't think twice about.bugged, constantly changing (one day it's a race sim the other it's tetris) piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't care about you at all, as instead the whole purpose of it is to ♥♥♥♥ you up. stay away.P.S. don't join Sarcaster's coffee club, let him drink his♥♥♥♥♥♥alone, maybe then he'll learn some basic respect."
76561198086766389,Not Recommended,269210,24286011,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Vallemont,"Hero Siege is like an abusive relationship. As it goes on, it beats and abuses of you, but you still feel like coming back for more, until you realize it's not good for you and just end it.As I progressed through the game, I noticed an ungodly amount of glitches everywhere. It honestly felt like playing an early access game, even though it was released in... 2014. Wow.Here I'm gonna list the good things about this game:- Feels good to blast your way through countless waves of enemies.- Voice acting is cool. Most of the times.Here I'm gonna list the (most relevant) bad things about this game:- A good portion of the relics are useless once you reach end-game.- Most boss battles are bland and boring. One Firenova was enough to kill every boss until Destruction difficulty, where I needed maybe two or three. The only interesting bosses are the ones inside the Wormhole. But you'll go through a lot of tears and frustration until you reach that point.-Cheap deaths.It feels like the game gives you everything so you can just rush through it, but then it sticks its foot in front of you and makes you faceplant on the floor. Most times you can barely notice what killed you, but it's usually a tiny bullet that deals trillions of damage amidst the clusterf*ck of things in the screen. I know you're still supposed to die even when you're god mode, but the game doesn't give youanytime to react to threats at all.- Awful humor. Childish, to say the least.- Maps are crowded with sh*t. It's SO MANY obstacles placed literallyanywherethat it gets easy to just get stuck between them and... Die.I would recommend this game because I actually enjoyed playing it, but I gave up playing after dying unfairly so many times. It's not worth the frustration you go through. This game feels like a DLC bait. If you still wanna have a quick hack & slash fun, at least have the decency to wait for this game to go on sale. It's not worth it's full prize.I'm hoping to go back to this game in the future and see it fixed.*Post 1.7 update edit*They tweaked some things here and there, added more stuff, but nothing changed. It's still a bug ridden game. And the devs still have the balls to say ""they're fighting against the triple A industry of games"". For someone fighting the triple A gaming companies, you guys aren't even trying. Leaving the game with so many bugs while stating such a thing is despicably unprofessional.Also, the new chests are bullsh*t. 1k crystals for a bunch of keys? F*ck yeah!"
,Not Recommended,269210,18728151,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AvenDoram,I would have reccomended this game in a heartbeat. But the recent update screws up everything that made this game unique. No mana system I actually enjoyed with simply cooldown. now if you don't invest in mana your characters are screwed. Next up. Characters randomly are gone. Level 100 paladin? Gone. Level 70 samurai might as well be gone because they removed swiftness and all his items so everything I invested is gone. Wasted a lot of money on dlc and time on this game. Unless they allow you to play the old version (Which still removes my equipment) I would never recommend this game anymore. Seriously. I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,269210,16660679,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"I'm at the grocery store, trying to buy whatever it is I always buy, and I'm walking around lost...dazed. It's the numbers, they're everywhere. Ever since I started playing Hero Siege that's all I ever see. Red numbers, white numbers, green numbers, yellow numbers, spinning and twirling and dancing in front of me. This has never happened before, I used to be NORMAL.Hero Siege combines a rogue-like and Diablo to create something positively maddeningly addictive. Each act is divided into several stages, which are further broken up into waves. The goals are simple; survive and kill all of the monsters. The promise of phat loot, powerful relics, and numbers beyond comprehension await. Oh and I guess you save the world too? hurray. When I started the game, there were six playable heroes. The character-limit is unfortunately a little short, which cuts off some of the names I give my heroes.Irvin - He's a viking, capable of slashing foes with his mighty axe. Melee classes seem to be underpowered in this game. This is partly due to the mechanics. A monster doesn't actually have to touch to do damage. They do this little lunge, and even if it looks like the hero is a space away, they take damage. Still, Irvin gets my ""not bad"" rating.AllUpInnz - The nomad. So far this guy hasn't been any fun to use. He's a melee class, and one of his skills allows him to do more damage if he doesn't swing his sword for awhile. Ehh..This is a game where 30+ monsters can attack at a time; it's way too chaotic for sneaky assassin-type moves. Maybe he gets better after collecting certain skills.LargeBootyHo - She's a pirate. Her name is supposed to be LargeBootyHoistingExtremePirate but it's like I said, the character-limit is too short. She uses guns, although she's also capable of firing cannonballs, summoning a pirate ship, and all sorts of other fun abilities. Ranged-heroes definitely have the advantage. Couple one with equipment that increase fire-rate, a few relics that proc randomly, and you've got a beast.Commodork64 - Redneck. My favorite melee class. This is due to useful skills like flaming tires, and the ability to spill damaging oil everywhere. The thing is though, there are five difficulty settings. The usefulness of each class can fluctuate wildly depending on their DPS, and how close they have to do get to do the most damage. Also, certain relics (like the one that grants life-steal) are insanely useful, while others (the angel that knocks enemies away for no damage) are just obnoxiously useless.BurnBurnBu - The pyromancer. Actually his name is supposed to be BurnBurnBurnBurnBurnBu but again, character-limit. He throws a ton of fire around like a living INFERNO. He's altogether solid.RomanceNec - Necromancer. He summons undead, throws a few projectiles around. I'm still uncertain about his value. This is mainly because the close-combat skeletons have a habit of mashing together. This causes three to become one, which severely lessens their damage output and protective coverage. The jury's still out on this clown.Frank Phil- Ah yes, Frank Philips McGannon...the archer. He's my hero of choice. His arsenal includes a spread shot, homing missiles, screen-filling ballista, turrets, and even land-mines. Also, his exceptional range allows him the freedom to stay far away.But none of that matters now, because all I see are numbers. High-level Hero Siege can become difficult to follow. Adorned with 20+ relics, and doing millions of damage a second, I start to lose track of things. After a long enough period of time, certain stats (ARMOR) become irrelevant. DPS is never really a concern, because most bosses go down in 1-2 seconds. Instead, you're better off worrying about being frozen, or killed in the second stage of Act 3. This stage combines poison-spewing worms with exploding-pygmies. Exploding-pygmies are a NIGHTMARE in Diablo 2.Starting off can be painful, due to lack of health and weak weapons. With a few upgrades and a few choice relics, flying through most of the difficulties isn't that hard. If necessary, acts can be repeated to accumulate more stuff. Even the INFERNO setting isn't much more difficult than those before. Multiplayer is also available, though I've never been able to make the time for it.I'm still stumbling through the grocery store, my eyes rolling into the back of my head and then around again. I think people are staring, but I can't see them. All I see are the numbers jumping out of the shelves, snaking through my groceries, beating against the doors in the frozen food aisle. Finally I'm at checkout. As the cashier scans my groceries, the bag lady says ""Did you know that the amount of force necessary to bite into a carrot is equivalent to biting off a finger?"" The cashier gives her the strangest look, and I -still absorbed in numbers- say ""Thanks! That was enlightening.""As I push the cart outside I take a close look at my fingers. What have they done for me lately? Especially the thumbs, damn them to HELL. It's because of these digits that I've been playing Hero Siege non-stop. I'm not even finished with the game, but I know it'll destroy me. I still have to-In the parking lot, I stop. The numbers are accumulating, they're forming a circle. A portal?! The numbers have created a door. A man steps out. He has a mohawk, and he's carrying a bow.""Frank?! FRANK!""""Greetings...""""Y...you're supposed to be dead!""""I am dead. You killed me.""How could I forget? This AGONY has been plaguing me, since I stopped playing the game. On the highest difficulty, Frank Philips McGannon was killed by the Son of Lucifer. It was an attack I've seen a dozen times, but I was so distracted by the numbers that he was blasted. This destructive force did twice the damage of his HP. It killed him, and it broke me. Sure, I wasn't playing on hardcore, but all relics are lost upon death. There was no way I was grinding all that crap for another attempt. Hero Siege is great, but the end-game is just absurd. That said...""Look Frank. I was going to come back. We were going to finish this...together."" I plead.""It's too late.""He aims an arrow at me, before I can say any----------I awake in a hospital bed. I think I'm alive, but I feel strange. A nurse enters my room.""I'm happy to see that you're alright."" she exclaims. ""Somebody found you passed-out in a grocery store parking lot.""""...Thanks. Can I get something for this headache?"" As I move my hand toward my forehead I notice something...off.""You bit off every single one of your fingers before you lost conciousness. Thankfully these advanced prosthetic armored-fingers are just as good."" The nurse states.Before I could find an expression for my shock and confusion, she continues. ""Unfortunately, with the bill you're getting for this surgery, you won't be able to afford any more videogames. It looks like you'll have to play Hero Siege forever!""She laughs as she leaves the room. As soon as the door closes, I notice the numbers creep towards me."
,Not Recommended,269210,18726195,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,luvnonsence,"I didnt start the game and a half months, and I want to ask u, comrades...they removed mana? .."
76561197998990419,Not Recommended,269210,33252069,Posted: 4 July,all,Cronnix,"Devs are supposedly working on an improved version of the game, Hero Siege 2.0. Until then, STAY AWAY, the game is deeply broken as it is.I honestly do not understand how this game can have a ""very positive"" rating despite glaring bugs. And we're not talking some minor issues, but something as game-breaking as wave monsters getting stuck outside of the playable area, either due to their own abilities or something else. Unless you have right relic to get them back, or reach them, you are out of luck and can't finish.Then there's a plethora of minor annoyance bugs. Monsters glitching through walls/doors. Sound spam when picking up several items at once. Minions getting stuck trying to follow you. No way to see effects of picked up relics. Chests spawning on top of walls. Overlaying graphics glitching on top/below of each other. Item/relics/UI design looks unfinished and amateurish, level generation is poor.. The list can go on.Design is questionable too. Investing points into stats and skills quickly becomes useless as the bonuses from items are so massive that any extra points invested manually barely do any difference. Friendly minions projectiles are indistinguishable from enemy's, causing confusion. All the level mini-bosses are often easier than mobs, getting two-three shotted. Content outside the level grinding is non-existent. The gear scaling makes no sense, why would I grind level 120 for an axe when I can go get better one at higher difficulty, which is still easy enough, at level 100?And hey, exploits galore. You can grind whatever you want in matter of hour and have top gear of the game. It's ridiculous and should've been patched.This feels at best as an Early Access title and certainly not a released game with 10k reviews and several DLCs. What are devs spending their manhours and money on?!Edit: The bug allowing you to farm good gear in minutes is still in Hero Siege 2.0, lol."
76561198237781658,Not Recommended,269210,21596322,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,keryilias,im continuing playing hero siege in hopes it gets better but its not. the developer argued and cussed at me for my last review so here i am after that he posted my review to twitter without blocking out my name then he blocked me from the descussions page. so basically he made me look like the bad guy thought he would cuss at me and then rub my name in the dirt and get away with it well just so you know im not the only one. these developers are nowhere near professional if anything they need professional help for thier profession its quite sad they were pretty kool till they werent.
76561198081450332,Not Recommended,269210,17040941,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Iso Koala,"The game gave me a good first impression. Graphics are not great, but good enough especially for the price. The characters all seem quite interesting, and are more original than common fighter/mage/thief classes in many games. I wanted to try all of them!When you start to play the game, you will be faced with some very basic issues right away though. Some of them so simple, that you wonder if they tested the game at all. For example, in local coop, player 2 can talk with people, check his inventory, etc... but he cannot quit those menus! Player 1 has to cancel all actions player 2 started. Beside such silliness, game is full of major bugs. Enemy attacks crushing you inside wall so you have to restart the game, your character teleporting below the game field, items disappearing in coop play every time you die but reappearing when you enter new area (this is not a feature, its obvious bug), etc. Most of them are not just bugs, but common functionality issues that should be working before a public release.Game has good sides too. Getting items is catchy, it has huge ammount of relics and powers, large ammount of different enemies etc. Fields are varied in graphics and styles.Yet, AI, enemy attack patterns and animations are all quite basic and lame. You cannot really dodge majority of attacks. Its not skill based combat, but DPS fight based on the items you have. And when you get few good items, or only even 1, the game becomes a cakewalk from an impossible. A single piece of good equipment can easily give you more stats than leveling your character to level 100 will, and you can get such item in few minutes of play, no kidding.All said, the game is cheap and still quite enjoyable in coop. Id give it a nice B- and a thumb for a good effort. I would be able to look past some of the problems, for the low price of the game and probably inexperienced developers.Yet, the worst problem of the game is something I dispice so much, that I regret the day supporting these greedy mobile phone developers. You don`t buy the whole game when you buy this, you buy part of it. You have to buy the rest in DLC`s. I am not even a hater of DLC`s . They are usuallly a good way to add more to a good game. But the way DLC is implemented in this game, is the system from those lousy mobile games. There is no closure to the game unless you buy all DLC`s. You never face the last boss or enter all the areas in the game, even though those are displayed in the field and in the menus. They are displayed to tease you to buy more. This is not even an issue about money. I woudn`t complain if the game costed 2X the ammount it does now, and woudln`t require DLC`s. It`s the bad aftertaste I got from the system the game abuses that makes me angry.For a less greedy, more polished, bug free, more skill based game of similar style, go buy Hammerwatch, if you don`t have it allready."
76561198083704215,Recommended,269210,11487369,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,dubstepdeejay,"Was nearly to the point of giving up on this game; Crappy graphics, can't shoot diagonally and hard as hell . . . once you start.  3 or 4 hours in, my chosen character was leveled and I started getting further in waves.  Now I’m hooked.  Eventually gonna level up at least half of the 8 characters because it’s just plain fun.  Highly recommended at full price.Most of my games bore me after 20 minutes of playing and they never get touched again.  Not Hero Siege.  It’s good action and controller friendly."
76561198090800829,Not Recommended,269210,22882485,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Abyss_Wolf,I'll be looking into updates on this & tweaking my Review.
76561198066753340,Not Recommended,269210,22714939,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,The Mexcellence,"After 10 hours, I sadly think I'm done with this game.  It had potential, but it feels awfully repetive and very grind-y as a solo experience.  I haven't taken this online, but if my character feels underwhelming after 10 hours, that's not good news seeing as how I couldn't use my campaign character in online mode."
76561198094809837,Not Recommended,269210,28553470,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lord Balanski,"Loved this game prior to the massive overhaul. Was an amazing game prior to this update and would have recommended it to anyone and everyone, but sadly I was completely disapppointed with this update."
,Not Recommended,269210,9265666,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Emery,"This is the sort of game that you either stomp into oblivion, or struggle vainly against. Having played for a few hours, the skill factor of this game seems nonexistent; there are simply so many enemies on screen that it's impossible to dodge everything, and often enemies spawn from underground beneath you. Now while that may seem like an allure, every death I've experienced has been an instant kill on one hit, making the Stamina stat completely worthless unless you devote an excess of points to leveling it, or get the right items. Doing that won't be an option, however, as you deal out so little damage to enemies that without dumping points into pure attack or swiftness for ranged characters that even though you survive longer, you'll find it impossible to defeat most basic enemies at higher waves.Here's the paradox, though. Depending on the items you pick up, you'll either become so massively overpowered that the game is trivialized as soon as the first wave of the game, or you'll die before you get your first item. The first item I received was a blood wave which deals so much damage that I haven't seen a single boss on screen for more than about five seconds, which is because of the death animation. I'm on my 90th wave total, and thanks to items, it's now completely implausible that my character will ever be killed by anything other than an intentional effort on my part, and with that, any sense of tension or challenge is gone, and Hero Siege becomes a slog to the end driven by curiosity about what broken item I'll get next.For the record, if you do buy the game, just play as the archer. From what I've seen, he has the best skills."
,Not Recommended,269210,26482970,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,LE\V/37,"Bottom line:I loved this game... until it all fell apart.It was simple in design with limitless playability.When I first entered this game, i was hooked. My friends and I played round after round and got alot of recordings out of it. Not soon after,  the updates started: my online account became impossible to log into.When I had reported it, response was quick and the report was labeled right away as a must fix. I felt relieved by the quick response and believed it would be handled quickly. Two months later I get a message saying because they did several updates for dlc patches, they assumed my problem didnt exist anymore and canceled my report. Still not solved i sent another report, and didnt get a response at all.Recently I attempted to go back and give it another shot, only to be given yet another error, leading me to have to reinstall... only to not be able to install it again at all... with yet another error.Bottom line, the game had potential. It was fun as what it used to be before update after update, but fell short when it came down to major fixes needed, when event patches for dlc are given priority instead.As for anyone reading this, I apologize for the brief rant."
,Recommended,269210,32878473,Posted: 27 June,all,"RebelD, Empress of Death","I've been playing this game for awhile now and while there has been glitches time to time, it appears most of it has been fixed. My only hiccup as it stands is that some of the bosses are little off balance. That being said, this is a fun rogue-like bullet hell with many options and classes to choose from. You can customize your character to some degree and there are a ton of in-game perks that you can pick up from opening chests or visiting the Shopkeeper. Keys are a little scarcer than I would like, but it's still a fairly balanced game. Sometimes you can be casting so many fireballs and specials that you lose track of your character and step on a trap and almost die.Oh, and any mac users, they've fixed it so you can play it again.Pros:-Fun rogue-like, bullet hell game-Lots of ways to customize your character-Plenty of bonuses to pick up in the game-Good pixel graphics (is that an oxymoron?)-Huge inventory (can carry 100 items at a time) for all us hoarders-Plenty of different classes to chose fromCons:-Multiplayer is pretty empty-Multiplayer specific achievements will stunt any achievement hunters out there (unless you happen to have three other friends to play with)-A few of the Boses are unbalancedMehs:-Skill trees are a little restrictive and small-Spending skill points is rather meaningless when you only add two (2) at a time but can wear armor that adds 50.Overall, 8/10."
,Not Recommended,269210,28543031,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ʕっ•ᴥ•ʔっ,"When I bought this game I could totally recommend it.Now the balance is screwd up, it's like they balanced it as a mobile game.They added a ton of paid expansions, which don't ever go over 33% discount, they are way more expensive than the base game and add little content.Pls devs, its ridiculous to price this much for DLCs.If you want to make so many DRASTIC balance changes please add mods to the game, so we can fix or play as we liked when we bought the game."
,Not Recommended,269210,18776722,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,neon,This game was amazing when I first purchased it. Then there was an update that added the worst inventory management system you could possibly imagine. Its pretty much unplayable at this point.
76561198157331020,Not Recommended,269210,18719483,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,†Jesus says the earth is flat†,"The update changed my normal damage which was 1200 now its 400, and my 1 key only does 2500 max but barely hits anything, most of the time it hits one or 2 enemies everytime, if they change somethings back ill change my mind of deleting"
,Not Recommended,269210,12075747,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,@BXNKROLL CSGOPOKER.COM,"Prior to the new update I enjoyed playing the game. The most recent update has removed the shop (which was accessible during gameplay) and made randomly spawning shops, increasing the element of luck required to play the game. As seen in the discussion section, a substantial portion of the fanbase is upset; developers have responded that they will not reinstate the shop and that it was bad that way.The most basic statement that could capture the essence of this game is as follows:A mediocre diablo clone with The Binding of Isaac controls."
76561198079747060,Not Recommended,269210,18731612,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SiGun,Well i discovered this game not a long time ago.i bought for 1 euro and something and i absolutely loved this game.I think it was one of those games that had so much content and so much replay value.And they completely screwed with this new update...Its just a complete mess.Seriously what the hell were you thinking?
76561198141471343,Not Recommended,269210,22596229,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Suelinator,"I love this game, and it is very addicting, but I had a level 113 Sammuri on the orange skull mode on singleplayer.  I went online to play with some friends and when i went back to the singleplayer, my character was gone.  Instead was my level 7 redneck that I deleted a while back..."
76561197993348081,Not Recommended,269210,18718767,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sky Angelfist,"Was good up until thje updated to include a ""mana"" system. Another stat to worry about when it was fine the way it was. Thanks, I was almost enjoying the game."
,Not Recommended,269210,21448784,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BaconWhisperer,"The Mana system got updated, making it worse. If you don't completely invest in Mana, you won't be able to use your character's final move. I've racked up 200+ hours on this game, so I've been through most of the drama (bad PR on the dev's parts, resulting in pushback from the fanbase). I can't, in good faith, recommend this game at its current state. Please steer cleer of this game."
,Recommended,269210,15740923,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Grilvhor J'adore,"Review available in english.I've loved and been addicting to this game since the very moment i started playing it 3 months ago or so.It went better the more i learned about it.As one may say it's ""easy to play but hard to master"", it's that kind of game.It's a diablo-like with it's hack & slash gameplay, frenzy action, many ennemies assaulting our heroes but we can fight back with our hero skills and the powers of the 150+ relics we can find during a run, each one giving unique powers/bonuses.Most classes are fun and balanced, the devs are still working actively on the balance part while being very close to the community's suggestions through steam forums.Speaking about the steam forums, i was a player like any other just a few days ago but thanks to my dedication and because i asked them i became the moderator of the forums.It is now more lively, more organized and the community is getting bigger and closer everyday.It is a binding of isaac like in the way that our heroes fight in an arena closed by walls and entrances that monsters use to get to us.Maps are way bigger than BoI, randomly generated for most of them.The game with the 2 Dlcs contains 6 acts and each acts has got it's own maps themes and unique finall bosses.it's a roguelike in the way maps are randomly generated, we can also find potions that either strenghten or weaken our hero, statues that has the same kind of effects.There are more than 150 relics once one has the game + the two Dlcs, they are also randomly generated on maps and shops, making everyrun feeling different.Many classes to pick in melee and ranged categories, one hero can go up to lvl 250 which requires lots of farming.farming in this game doesn't feel like farming in some standard mmorpgs, you're not always fighting the same monsters the same way.Randomness in finding potions, relics, statues really makes every game different but most of all read this:One of the thing i prefer in this game is the feeling of power you can get during a run, starting from act I.Even if you're a low level hero you will feel so powerfull once you have some relics with crazy effects.This is true that you will feel Overpowered, i often felt overpowered.Still you can die very quickly because some monsters' skills or traps on the map are OP too but that's fair.They will one shot you or almost, it can happen in ealry difficulties but most likely in harder difficulties.This is where ""Skill"" comes in, learn your opponents attacks, how to dodge it, how to fight it.You'll still die and feel sad because once you're dead you lose all relics collected during the run but you'll have learned a new way to die and thus and new way to avoid death.This is a die and retry game, much like Dark soul in a way.There is a single player mode that is fun and stable, good for learning the ropes of the game before joining the...Multiplayer game!This is where things get really fun for me, meeting people, playing with mates, communication and teamed killing spree are great.Like in Diablo from which this game is inspired, the more players there are in a multiplayer game, the stronger ennemies get. It scales only on their HP and this is hard enough!Multiplayer sessions are up to 4 players.Servers are hosted by players and need a portforward to work, some people like me got it to work so it's fine and others just can't figure out how to get it working, wether they've done the router settings right or wrong.Dedicated servers may arrive in the future if there is enough interest for it so join us and help us achieve this goal!Actually there are not many servers but, as a host, i rarely have difficulties finding mates to play with especially now that i have friends with whom i play often.Another game mode added recently is siege mode.It's much like a tower defense mode.You are in a small map and it never changes, continuous waves of ennemies attack you and your mates and you have to defend a base like in a Moba, this is a fun and hard mode on high difficulties.It can be refreshing when one doesn't want to play the Classic adventure mode.Speaking of the classic mode, a run through act 1 to Act 6 actually lasts about 3 hours, it depends on the player in singleplayer or the plaeyrs in multi of course.Devs and the community are working together to make a full run shorter, the thing here is that it's not possible to save a run in multiplayer, it's only possible in single player.To summarize, this game is:-One where Devs actually listen to their players-Rich in content, more will be added in the next months-Community is getting bigger and is very friendly-Tons of fun-Tons of hours of farming, experimenting builds-Tons of humour from the devs with bosses, relics, heroes' voice-Still in a beta multiplayer, it's not bugfree but still enjoyable!-Getting better every patch that comes out-So much more!If you're interested just buy the standard game at least, try and beat the single player campaign, get help from the forum community if you have questions and you'll probably have. There are also guides available.When you'll be hooked by the game you'll have to buy the two Dlcs to enjoy the added relics and the two new acts ( V and VI) that adds replay value over an already great game!Feel free to visit the forum if you have any questions prior to buying the game!Grilvhor, Hero Siege fan and Steam Forum Moderator."
,Not Recommended,269210,22558726,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,xXDongerDietyXx,"Great Roguelike, low spec requirements so your grandma's toaster can run it. all-around pretty good play.And here are my issues with it:Day one DLC (Karp off doom [ seriously? karp?])the main story plot is boring and passes faster than a drunk at a party.Graphics are okay, i guess. doesnt make it super unplayable but no big deal.And lastly a ""Donation"" DLC. like ♥♥♥♥ off you 'holier-than thou' ♥♥♥♥s.3/10 would get an 8 but the dlc's♥♥♥♥♥♥me off."
,Not Recommended,269210,34457223,Posted: 24 August,all,ズンガル,"So, devs have changed the arena waves system to diablo's run and kill. Is it better? Yes, it is.They have added diablo's town, diablo's wormholes, diablo's loot system. Are these things making the game way more interesting? Maybe..The worst thing, that devs can't balance the game among all these diablo's pieces. There are still a lot of bugs here (quests, minions, environment etc.). I can close my eyes to it, but the real problem is ONESHOT system. The best way to beat this is to avoid this. And it's so annoying. For example, ACT 2's boss, the Grim Reaper, teleports you in the middle of battleground, then you die. Why? Oh, oneshot skulls around your hero, which you cant kill, only wait until they'll let you to avoid these hellish circle. Hero siege does not give you a chance to survive even if you know how to dodge the skulls. ??? Oh, the game have lagged and teleported you right on the *** skull.And not only the Death can oneshot you. If you are too weak for some overpowered enemies, they will oneshot you too. In addition to a large number of projectiles (also the speed of some of them), it's becoming completely impossible to dodge.If devs are trying to make 2d diablo, why they can't make PvE like diablos ones. Potion system will kill you 1000 times before you can use MLG Full Health pot (But it is not exactly help you). And there are no other way to save yourself.I hope the developers will change the battle system, but so far I cannot recommend this game, sorry"
,Not Recommended,269210,34804687,Posted: 7 September,all,Bot: Easy,"yes, i played a lot, yes i bought expansions and skin.  and I am telling you that its not worth buying really.  there is only one class that is worth a sh*t really, even then they have introduced some brutal mechanics to make playing this annoying as hell.  The other classes are cool in concept, but are all worthless.  Not to mention HC.  HC is a joke now.  the balance of the game is lost.  Assume everything one shots you, because it does.  Its a bullet hell game that tried to be a rouge like rpg.  this makes every death just feel frickin stupid as hell.  there is no such thing as ""tanking"" there is no such thing as ""healing"".  therefore partying up does nothing except save you the hassle of recreating a character if you die without an anhk in HC.its kind of a joke now, even after the release.  the balance and usefulness of all the classes is trash."
,Not Recommended,269210,31002057,Posted: 7 April,all,SAO is Shit,Pros:-Good game-Fast and intense gameplay where Diablo meets Binding of Isaac-Item ChoicesCons:-Stat system is very linear-Full of bugs and that annoying persistent bug where the last enemy is outside of the map where only certain skills can kill it-Bad Inventory system. Is it that hard to use the same inventory system as diablo? Can we PC players somehow get a better UI for the inventory system?
,Not Recommended,269210,18754075,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dankfury,"Up until just recently I found the game very enjoyable, even after the new update that has been upsetting a lot of fans I found a lot of enjoyment out of it. However, after the disrespect the developer has shown toward the fanbase who are upset about the recent changes, I cannot recommend this game at all.When you put money toward a game or DLC or whatever, it supports the game as well as the developer. The developers of this don't deserve any of our support until they can change his attitude. Don't buy this game for any price, whether it's $9.99 or $0.99.In the 'About This Game' section on the store page it says ""we developers are interested in your feedback,"" well obviously not considering how they're treating their fans' critisism."
,Not Recommended,269210,30472095,Posted: 12 March,all,Hadow9,"It hurts me to write a negative review of Hero Siege, Since I love this game (130+ hours played).Well, the game itself is awesome. It's a fast-paced roguelike with RPG elements, where you must eliminate all enemies, which comes in waves, then kill a miniboss and proceed through the stages and acts, upgrading your skills and collecting loot. Simply awesome.The game is constantly updated, which is nice, since there's a few bugs to be corrected. Unfortunately, there is a bug in particular that is extremely annoying, and it's the reason for my negative review. Every time that I restart the game, I completely lose all my equips, and that's really sad, since sometimes I managed to find nice gear.I'll keep playing cause I love this game, and I hope the devs take care of this problem. I'll change my review as soon as it's corrected."
76561197992521834,Not Recommended,269210,34134608,Posted: 9 August,all,Misnomer,"Very unbalanced and full of bugs. A few to list(there are far more):-Game gets massive slow downs when there are many objects/projectiles on screen.-enemies and summons wander off screen-the challenge is attempting to balance getting one shotted by enemies and being the one one shotting enemies. In the beginning i was getting frustatrated with stray bullets that somehow kill me in one or two hits. After reaching level50 i noticed that I am killing bosses in under a second. Then i increase the difficulty and get one shot by enemies. The dificulty balance is a mess.-UI has HORRIBLE navigation. For some reason, you can't click anything and have to use the weird hotkeys.This game CAN be a fun grind but thats all the good i can say."
,Not Recommended,269210,23110777,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Teen Angst,"I remember having such a blast with this game a little over a year ago. I discovered it on my phone and liked it so much I bought it again on steam. It was fast paced and every class was very fun. I come back to it now and I am left utterly confused at why the developers ruined this game. The simplicity of the gameplay also gave it a great charm and replay value, while the difficulty of the game was fair and pushed me to to better as a player. Now it is litterally all a grind and for a unfulfilling game. There are loads of reviews with hundreds of hours played that go into every reason this game is now bad that makes me feel really bad for the whole community.All I have to say is 'If it aint broke, don't fix it'. I wish I had said this about one year ago.If there is any way of getting the older version of this game I am down for it."
76561198027648318,Not Recommended,269210,19834616,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BULLSHITICUS_MAXIMUS,"I rarely review games on Steam, but this was a special case. I got this game nearly a year ago and loved it. It was just the right amount of challenge, very rewarding, and pretty well-made, if with a few bugs. As the months went on, however, update after update ruined the game for me. Not only do I now have to pay more just to fully experience the game, but new systems such as the inventory system and mana system make the game much less accessible and enjoyable and have undone hard work I put into my character. The items also changed around significantly, as well as small but useful elements of the game such as the ability to destroy bushes and crates with queued spells. Portals regularly spawn near my character bringing him to the new and confusing level select hub (what happened to just playing through until death?) and undoing my progress in the middle of waves!In short I would not advise buying this game or getting new DLCs unless they bring it significantly closer to how it was in early 2015. I truly loved the earlier versions of Hero Siege and am so disappointed to see these updates ruin it so badly."
76561198011970622,Not Recommended,269210,28695510,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fluke Jukem,"Item interface is excruciatingly badly designed.  On lower difficulties, bosses literally die in .025 seconds after spawning (because the dev's didn't scale any of your abilities in strength, and it looks like the game was ""Designed"" around just one difficulty)Enemies are mostly stupid slow and not present in large enough numbers to pose a threat.  The only slightly threatening enemies are random traps you can't see due to weather effects or poison shooting slugs that slow you.  Every other enemy sedately walks into you.  This game would be challenging to people who have problems fending off the denizens of the local alzheimers home because that's about how fast waves of enemies move and spawn.Summoned creature AI lags and bugs out in multiplayer. my necromancer had skeletons frequently not follow him and just do whatever they wanted.Harder difficulties are literally just MORE HP MORE DAMAGE with no apparent changes.  Enemy variation is no different, and pack size seems to remain similar to what it was.Did i mention the item interface?  It's the most back asswards thing i have ever seen, with stupid unchangable hotkeys like "" F D and G"" for navigating the menus (which are also extremely frustrating in layout).   Quick swapping to a new piece of gear in a level is legit impossible because of the 16 steps you need to take to do so which will kill you.Game is described as ""rogue like"" - which is a flat out ♥♥♥♥ing lie.  It's got pre-set levels and difficulty.  An occasional mini-game puzzle popping up as a ""Dungeon"" doesn't make this wanna be bullet hell a ♥♥♥♥ing rogue like.Honestly trash game do NOT recommend."
76561197972257714,Recommended,269210,25706352,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dergin,"TLDR: Great twin stick shooter with loot and stat progression.About 6 worlds, each with 5 levels and a lot of difficulty settings. This game is a 4 direction twin stick shooter.  There is lots of loot (Diablo, Titan Quest etc) for you to get and rare monsters to kill to get it. You get special relics along the way that increase your stats or give bonus attack options. There are stats you can level (strength, magic etc) and a basic skill tree to put points in to. There are also a lot of classes to play. Some of them are available with DLC (keep an eye on sales to pick them up) and they are all really worth it.This game is alot of fun and there is alot of replayability. Well worth the buy."
,Not Recommended,269210,18742894,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,yper Farmskins.com society.gg,"This game it's fun at allBut before, before was way betterThe devs are butthurts dont accept players opinionsFix one thing and in process broke 3 things...A Lot of fatal errors so easy to fix...If this game not are in 75% off dont buy it, dont give ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ csgo skins to that butthurt dev♥♥♥♥ you paNicciTy for attention"
,Not Recommended,269210,18755096,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Tetranoir - Dalian,"Too many bugs, balance is clunky.Items determine everything but dont get better as u go further (it seems) so the game ends up being really polarizing, from hard to super easy. Enemies seem really hard until they are not, essentially. And with no effort.Few unpolished things like stuff spawning outside the zone youre allowed to be in.Potions are weird. It looked like they saw the idea of pills from Binding of Isaac and just stiched it in.Gold is pretty useless.Picking up an item off the ground destroys the item it replaces which is pretty dumb.You don't see the affects of your stat points until you add them in but then you cant change it unless you pay for a reset.Skills have synergies (scaling) but you dont get to see the scaling.You dont get to see what artifacts do.The game progression is really poor. It feels like Im playing a cheaper version of feel-good-rpg, D3."
,Not Recommended,269210,28737826,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Aeolus Totalis,"In short, a bug-ridden game is hard to love and/or recommend.Flashy effects and fun graphics. During many moments, you as a player can enjoy the excitement for trashing the mobs or speed-slaying a boss monster. The relic system in this game (little boost artifacts that you pick up from boss/chest/dungeons) have paid homage to fellow rogue-like games and some of the reference really gave me smile.With that said, this game has been out for alost three years, and the amount of bugs that I experience are at times ruining this fun experience. Quest-line bug, relics disappear upon save & exit, the game going into ""slow motion"" on some levels... With a ton more posted in bug report session that has not been heard of since. I have seen many posts regarding MP which I did not bother testing. I wonder what's in the dev's head as they push out new updates without keeping track of old issues.I bought the 4-pack while on sale and I have 3 gift copies. Yet I have to think twice about which of my friends to gift it to. Will this be a bless or a curse for them?"
,Not Recommended,269210,33899198,Posted: 30 July,all,nik,how can big game breaking bugs still not be patched? im also disappointed by the lack of variety in gameplay and superficial skilling. the whole game feels inbalanced and is sooo incredibly repetetive that i was bored after just a few hours. unfortunately pretty flawed game that could have been great.
,Not Recommended,269210,28163245,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dawnmetty,"In my case,it's so much connection issues and rollbacks and sudden deaths, i can't play with no one i knowPS:I can't ask for a refund because of my playtime,even though i was fixing errors.Very nice."
,Not Recommended,269210,19153228,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,GR0PED™ [UK],Loved the game first time i played it but my account was soon lost into the void..I have tried contacting the creators in a variety of ways as the account recovery / password recovery options just lead to dead ends / errors.. Fun game just a shame i can't enjoy it with my friends.
,Not Recommended,269210,33130933,Posted: 2 July,all,罰当りHackerman,"Awesome game, a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs and glitches. Do not buy till they bugfix their♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
,Not Recommended,269210,22413064,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Snailiad The Almighty Cannoli,"EDIT: I am still steamrolling as a level 80 in the Nightmare difficulty, already haven beaten the rare version of Damien. Anubis may be difficult, but this is still just a massive steamroll.TL;DR: easy grind that's irritating while still easy, just takes agesThis game has so many pros. It's just that it's easy & annoying in different aspects.This game is too easy in some ways. I'm a level 29 (30?) Pyromancer at the moment. All I do is spam the 2nd special attack whenever it gets too hot (pun unintended) and it wipes out everything next to me in seconds. The enemies will never do enough damage to put me in any actual danger, and it's never fun. The 2nd Throne Boss (death) died in less than a second, i'm not lying. If you really want me to prove it, add me and i'll put a video of it on Twitch.And the voice acting is just plain irritating. (and before you tell me that I should mute it, stop. i already did.) The Pyromancer has such an irritating voice. ""YOU... ARE... FIRED"" This wasn't even funny the first time. ""THIS DUNGEON SHALL TURN TO ASHES..."" Even MORE irritating. And he says this EVERY time he goes into a dungeon. The voice acting is annoying and has no variety, and it just ruins the feel of it.The music is okay, I guess. But it just plays the same track for each act over & over again. It doesn't have multiple tracks for each act, just one per Act. And while you spent a ton of time on each act, it gets unoriginal.I forgot to say, there's a ton of acts. And you can't get all of the achievements without buying the DLC (yes, that's correct, rare achievement hunters). Each act starts rather difficult, but the more you level up it gets so easy it's boring. And you just steamroll through it so quickly. This game's too easy, it's just one massive long grind. And I never thought an easy grind existed."
,Not Recommended,269210,18728231,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,nickryan-gvn,"Good game until 1.4.2.4, after that update, this game is TRASH"
76561198206047556,Not Recommended,269210,18675152,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,nvriet,"Hero Siege is pretty fun, but multiplayer is only possible if you port forward your pc. I mean ARRRRRG! just fix Steam servers or something. A lot of people ( including me ) don't know how or can't find a way to port forward their pc."
,Not Recommended,269210,18835243,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Raikuso,"The game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard. I play the samurai which was stupid strong before the update. Now, I use my first skill twice and I lose all my mana. My friends and I very much enjoy the game even if it's incredibly hard. HOWEVER! When my friend hosts the game and we fought this dumb boss that has 4 blood tendrils shooting out from it circling him. None of us other than the host see the ♥♥♥♥ing tendrils. At times there is incredibly amounts of lag. I barely move when I'm in the dungeon and some enemies are stupid strong for being basic enemies like the skeleton archers."
,Not Recommended,269210,9930603,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ultimario13,"Spending $5 (sale) on this wasn't a terrible decision, but it could've been put to better use.Pros:Easy to pick upYou can level up and get new skills that do things like stun or summon minionsBosses are good and reasonable, their AoE attacks are flashy but fair. Surprisingly, ones with ranged immunity are also reasonable, even if you're playing a purely-ranged class due to how common traps are.Cons:Simple and repetitive gameplay - Walk away from hordes of monsters while attacking them with sword/bow/magic/whatever, while also using skills whenever their cooldowns run out. This gets mixed up at times due to enemies with unique attacks ('maggot' enemies can poison a small area so it damages you if you walk on it), and the fact that melee classes involve a bit more skill since you have to be close to enemies, but it's not enough.Some skills are bugged or awkward to use - My Viking has a Stun skill that you have to stop walking away from an enemy to hit them with instead of walk-away-while-hitting which melee classes should be doing and a 'charge' skill that makes him run in a seemingly random direction (usually towards an enemy at least).You will die in one hit to an arbitrarily high-damage projectile or trap while enemies normally only do about a tenth of your health in damage. It will be unexpected and stupid.Getting the right beneficial potions, which randomly drop, will make you win too easilyA few potions will suddenly KILL YOU INSTANTLY when you have half health. Especially annoying because I've also wasted tons of full-healing potions because I don't want to die to a negative one.Devil Statues. Another terrible mechanic. They don't give you some kind of upside-and-drawback like 'evil' themed mechanics should, they can just PERMANENTLY lower one of your stats by 2, basically making you a level-5 character that levels up as slowly as a level-6 character, and so on for the rest of the game. Might as well just abandon that character to quickly level a different one up to 5."
,Recommended,269210,32880092,Posted: 27 June,all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,Extremely good Diablo game for 80 cents with COOP mode.9/10
,Not Recommended,269210,22308587,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bush,"Game is broken, enough said. It's dying slowly."
,Not Recommended,269210,25216945,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,DRAKEL,"It was fun for a few hours- reached 150 and full ""Satanic"" gear.. now it is all about using the normal weapon swing in ""Wormholes"" (what you would call the HS equivalent of Diablo 3 Greater Rifts) and keep progressing in wormhole levels.Abilities becomes useless for some classes since you lose 10 swings due to the minor cast effect.Barely any content (especially end-game), very unbalanced, expensive expansions and mulit-player seems very flawed.Just go with the standard edition of the game and save those bucks (5 bucks should be the absolute highest price for the full bundle with all expansions) if you are just looking for a new game to try out."
76561198013604620,Not Recommended,269210,26163806,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,kr82,"Only recommended on sale.The basic game barely worth the money, but the price of the DLC's are insane.Pros:- Easy to use.- Good music and audio.- Not so good and not so bad graphics.Cons:- Not enough explanations or tooltips for anything in game.- No campaing, no quest, no story, not a single piece of content more than kill for no reasson.- Clunky and stupid inventory system, made mainly for gamepads.- Bad use of the computer resources, some maps goes like on slow motion.- Variety of maps inexistent, 99% of the time you are enclosed in a square with some repetitive traps.- Skills, you have only 4 and you will keep using only one, the most upgraded of them.- Totally unbalanced items, skills and difficults levels, that get you mad trying to figure out something.- A lot of fails, like having enemies out of range to kill them (out of the walls), relics or items that falls on unreachable             places frustrating you.- Game mechanics and physics useless, bullets that passes through walls, stupid IA, combat mechanics just like a ""bullet-hell"" game.Enjoy."
,Recommended,269210,19790432,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,JukePlz,"This is the first time ever than a game I bought on steam changed genre with updates. What do I mean?The game was initially marketed as a ""roguelike"" and after DLCs and updates over the years it's turned into a fully fledged diablolike rpg.That's not exactly a bad thing per se, the game is stiill pretty good and the overall experience has improved since the first versions, but I would like other devs to learn from this game that you probably don't want to turn your back on half your userbase by changing the target user after you already sold the game."
76561198057706414,Not Recommended,269210,26379825,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Gauntman,"... crashes my Steam everytime I try to start it... can't say anything about the game itself, because I simply never saw it. Fact is though: it does not run on a Mac with Sierra 10.12 and I've seen tons of other people with the same problem, so if you own a Mac, save your time and money...Update: it's been two weeks now... the Dev first wrote something about the game not running on MAC was not his fault but rather some development-engine issue or whatever (well thank god it's not your fault, that helps a lot, really! But maybe it IS your fault, that you advertised and sold the game as MAC-compatible? Lemme guess...). Then there was an update proclaiming that the MAC-issue was adressed... well... read the comments on that one... still not running. Like I wrote before: save your time..."
76561198045111274,Recommended,269210,29676356,Posted: 3 February,all,Captain_Wow,"This is an incredibly fun, addicting game that I nonetheless can only give a heavily qualified recommendation. Why? Because it's the buggiest, most poorly-balanced and playtested game I have ever played, and I beat Fallout 2 before ever patching the damn thing.For example: certain power-ups will teleport you outside of the playable area, leaving you no way to get back, forcing either a restart or a trip to town; Key items for quests will spawn outside of the playable area; quests are utterly broken and don't seem to ""flag"" properly, so if you beat one, save your game, and restart, it'll still be in your quest log; certain skills have literally no effect on gameplay; character progression becomes completely meaningless in the endgame because the 100 or so attribute points you put into say, strength, will be rendered completely moot when you get an item that gives 10000+ points to a stat; there's no way to play certain melee classes at a high level because everything is an insta-kill; you move far too slow for a game with no way to avoid damage other than avoidance; etc.. There are others that I'm surely forgetting, but you get the point. Bugged. To. ****.Basically, you have to have an incredibly high threshold for utter nonsense to enjoy this game, but if you can get past the innumerable faults you'll find a fast-paced, enjoyable rogue-like with permanent progression and fun, varied classes to play with -- some of which are, as mentioned before, rendered useless once you start running wormholes and Toxic difficulty."
,Not Recommended,269210,32740683,Posted: 24 June,all,Eromivus,"Bottomline:This game truly had a lot of promise, but the developers are their own worst enemies. They're breathtakingly unprofessional, and the game is still being designed. If you're expecting a finished, definable game, do not buy this.Expanded:I know if you're reading this you're primarily wondering whether or not the game is fun. Unfortunately, in this review I'm instead forced to discuss the developers, as discussing the game is almost pointless. You see, every time I check back in hoping I can finally enjoy a finished product—a product that hasn't been in Early Access for years—I instead find the game has either been broken by another ad hoc patch (likely a hotfix of a hotfix of a hotfix) or fundamentally redesigned. I'm not exaggerating.While I'm not angry and have no intention of being mean here, I think it needs to be said: I can fairly say these are the least professional developers I have ever seen in the gaming industry that are not actively trying to scam you. They're not fraudsters. They're not malicious. They are most definitely comically incompetent. It's almost endearing at first. Their updates read like they decided to provide an update in between a round of shots. No planning, no editing, no self awareness—like you'd expect from someone who has never felt the burden of responsibility.As for the game itself, despite having a very solid game loop there was always the sense that this was an Early Access game searching for its soul. They still haven't found it. The game has gone through several conceptual changes (some quite drastic), and now apparently they're about to release a complete redesign of the game. No joke, it sounds like the entire structure of the game is changing. Hell, maybe it'll even be the best thing to happen to the game—but I no longer care. You'd think after saying ""oops"" for the 50th time a sense of shame and embarrassment would compel them to get their act together, but not so.You can get away with some of this stuff with Early Access, but for a game that has already been released and has multiple DLC's it's simply not acceptable. Please, do not buy this game until the developers grow up and figure out how to deliver a product. Or at least wait to see if the next iteration of the game is something special, which is a ridiculous thing to even have to say."
76561198039087561,Not Recommended,269210,21466764,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cripplboy,"Trying to be as neutral as possible, I still find myself echoing many of the comments made by others. The game is a fast and fun roguelike with enough customization to be enjoyable without being overwhelming. It's good for a few hours of fun.That said, it has gone through several changes to mechanics since I bought it, some of which affect balance and playability DRAMATICALLY. The mana system complaints are valid; it's frustrating to have high-level characters, into which you have invested much, suddenly become unplayable because their skills cost more than their maximum mana. The changes to skill synergies and itemization also significantly changed the game, though some may appreciate the changes. I enjoyed the speed of the game...the changes have increased the depth, which some players may like, but the game has lost its easy-going charm to me.All that to say: the game has been fun in the past, and may continue to be so. Be aware, though, that MAJOR changes have come since release, and may continue to come, that may completely change your enjoyment of the game.I have not have any contact with the devs, so I cannot comment on professionalism."
,Not Recommended,269210,34136888,Posted: 9 August,all,Unbreakable_Diamond,"It has been a while since I played this game last time, and when I logged in today I saw that it has been upgraded to version 2.0. I knew this games used to have a lot of bugs before the upgrade to version 2.0, so I really hoped that it would improve the gaming experience. The town became better-looking, and there are many new enemies and new animation, but the game is running so slow, and there are still many bugs that are annoying. I was playing with a gamepad, and the control was messed up. When I pressed the buttons on the right, the actions that were supposed to be controlled by the ones on the left would be triggered, and vice versa. So during a boss fight, I was trying to use a skill (and it says ""LT"" next to the icon of hte skill), but when I pressed the ""LT"" button, it brought up the equiptment panel (which says ""RT"" next to its icon). My GF tried to revive my character after it was slain, but on my screen it said that my GF's character had also been killed. But she told me that her character is still alive and managed to revive my character. However, the character she revived looked exactly like her own instead of mine and followed her character around. What an amazing bug...And can we have the old mini-map back?"
,Not Recommended,269210,20311398,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Recoome,"Game is awful for so many reasons.  Stay away from this game like the plague.  Developers are just making a quick cashgrab.  I only played as much as I have in order to properly list all the things wrong with this game.Insane amount of glitches that are never going to be fixed.  If you play with someone else as the host, be prepared to not see certain enemies or attacks coming your way.  I got killed by flame throwers, poison puddles, and enemy mobs that just never appeared on the screen for me but if I'm host, the other player will complain about the same thing.  The UI on the starting screen doesn't respond sometimes when you are inputting passwords.  I've had plenty of enemies that got stuck outside the map and so the game couldn't continue.Recent game changes have made lots of characters pretty much useless since they are limited by mana.  The developers did not bother to scale the character's mana accordingly and so you have a bunch of characters who can do ♥♥♥♥-all."
,Not Recommended,269210,12712720,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TehWalshie,"I really wanted to like this game, but it just falls short in so many areas that I just cannot recommend it. There were times when I was playing it and had to wonder if the developers ever played the singleplayer of their own game. It's simply unfair to any of the melee classes. You are pretty much required to get the starting item then play and die 10s of times to get to a high enough level to deal with most of the bosses who will simply rush and outright kill you. It had/still has some potential I guess, but they would need to do an overhaul.On another note I was hoping the ""Coming soon!"" characters and levels would be normal update, but then it turns out to be DLC that is half the cost of the game. This simply annoyed me as it felt I had to pay to get the rest of the game I already bought.Edit: There is a possibility I am just REALLY bad at the game, but I don't see it that way. I've beaten the game a couple times and I found the game started stupid hard then got exponencialy easier as you played a character. I am also fairly good at topdown rougelike games as well, eg Binding of Isaac."
76561198009795235,Not Recommended,269210,28518207,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Deutschi,"It can be really fun, but still has annoying bugs, crashes and rollbacks... even in Singleplayer. So I can't really recommend it unless you like to suffer from time to time."
,Not Recommended,269210,20384122,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DazeHeart,"This game truly, truly has the worst voice-acting I've ever heard. I mean, it's unbelievable. I literally feel sick when I hear the voices it's like a surreal fever nightmare of a cringey roleplay session with people speaking in their character voices.- Inventory is outrageously clunky- Certain things do way too much damage- Some skills are objectively useless from the first glance and never get better- A lot of content feels ripped off. I don't mind an 'inspired' kind of feeling to items, but it looks like copy-pasta- Extremely unprofessional Developers. Childish and foul. It's a shame :(The game has life in, it has potential. It was quite playable at a certain point, a lot of people liked it before they started changing things. They literally made it worse and then handled fair criticism poorly. It's ridiculous.- Lack of tutorials or helpful information, which people really like. I mean it's not rocket science dude! I don't get why they just fail to explain things. What is this Dark Souls? Just feels lazy.- Shop prices are absolutely crazy imbalanced. The stat potions are stupidly cheap, etc.- Curse shrines are a massive blunder on the Dev's part. *edit* and I was tripping out about permanent stat reductions, they aren't as bad as I previously thought!I can't even be bothered to write the rest of this, there's so much wrong. There's so much potential and small great things in the game just gone to waste. I'm so sad man. Why devs..."
,Not Recommended,269210,19207707,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Songo,"This game had great potential, then one day the dev team did a massive turn over of their game. At a point where they didn't test the butterfly effect of those changes and completely bugged out the game. Following that event patches after patches the game is getting worse and buggier.On top of that, the dev community representative is the worse I have ever seen. Rude answers, laughing at the players. This is the last post she / he did today :""Don't worry there wont be more DLC, We also plan not to make another multiplayer game, ever. The reason the game is buggy is because of the multiplayer and stuff involved to that. We dont know how to make stuff work like a professional company with years of experience in online programming would do. The only reason for adding multiplayer was to be nice to the players who requested it, and now they are just ♥♥♥♥♥ting on us for it. So don't worry, will be focusing on making actual games with storyline and nice graphics cus all this community handling is giving me cancer, killing my motivation to be a gamedev etc etc. Supporting a SERVICE is not what I want to do for a living, I want to create games and that is what I will do from now on.""Or even comment like from their dev team : ""Consumers who have never programmed in my opinion should just STFU about development, programming, opinions regarding it etc."""
,Not Recommended,269210,21571657,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr. Lava Freeman,"Tried playing this game with friends. Spent a majority of the time trying to find the server. When we found the server and launched the game, one person crashed and then everyone else followed. Had high hopes too.Time to play Payday"
,Not Recommended,269210,26618135,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Pibadi,"+Pixels+MU Online unlimited farm-UNBALANCED-Pladin = Immortal DMG till 3k+ GR-Can't attack diagonal = ANNIE kill you at last phase-Whole DLC characted suck cuz of Immortal Paladin = all other useless-2FPS Multiplayer games-Alot of bugs and CrashesScore: Do not recommended, cuz of unbalanced game play + alot of bugs. Multiplayer game = 2FPS + Random crash and disconnect."
,Not Recommended,269210,26320449,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Gustavo A.,"The game has a lot of stuff I do like. It's has some aspects of Diable2, however it's based on small levels with waves. It's a nice and easy RPG that's fun to play around with for the first one or two hours.After defeating second boss, I had a crystal key, I opened a chest and had 3 legendaries + a 500str relic. After that I was one-hitting everything, also the bosses.It lacks a purpose. There's one quest to finish, if not two, and they're boring and doesn't bring any extra gameplay.You basically just grind the same things over and over again, I managed to have the same dungeon four times in a row.I was so overpowered I became lvl 40 within an hour, which kind of ruined it.Overall the game seemed like it was fun, and it does have a lot of potential, unfortunately it fails to fulfill my requirements to such a game."
,Not Recommended,269210,25074305,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pete,This game starts being DLC simulator still prefer diablo 3 tho
76561198001524903,Not Recommended,269210,23115368,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GiftingPhoenix,"I bought this game for when it was on sale for around 50 cents. That's all this game is worth in my opinion, it's been out at least 4 years and it's still not complete. It's alright fun until you start encountering bugs that literally break the game (i.e. using certain SKILLS of the 4 you have) and the scaling of anything makes no sense.The talents you level up with are essentially worthless since you'll end up getting items that drawf the max points by the thousand. Not that it seems to matter though because even with 96% damage reduction and 3k+ armor you still die in one hit by just about anything on the levels you're meant to be playing.You can't even play the most fun mode because it's bugged. Devs posted an apology that they were hungover when writing code so they ""patched it."" The new patch has even more bugs, didnt' fix the old ones or seem to do anything positive at all.This game SEEMS like it's worth it, honestly after seeing the dozens of GAME BREAKING bugs (still around 4 years later) I don't think this game should be sold on Steam.Any redeeming factors this game has shouldn't be addressed until they can fix random crashes or have the attribute system make sense. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME for more than 50 cents."
76561198056340423,Not Recommended,269210,18748779,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,The White Hawk,"It is a broken mess, I only wish it wasn't since its a great homage to diablo..."
76561197996380606,Not Recommended,269210,18691369,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Molvanian,"Do you want to rush into meaningless, skilless DPS races? Do you like dieing for seemingly random reasons? Do you enjoy a game about as advanced as something from twenty five years ago, but without the charm? Then this game is for you."
76561198051133966,Not Recommended,269210,18572603,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Wylde,Are we even going to pay for walking around when the next updates come? No thank you I can feed my family with that money
,Not Recommended,269210,18773337,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ssan1e kub3k,"BUGS ARE EVEN IN MENU, IT SCROLLING WITHOUT MY TASK.  BADDEST PORT FOR LINUX !"
,Not Recommended,269210,21529272,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Apavas,gets ruined after every update
76561197974765905,Not Recommended,269210,11425969,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,iustus furore,"I would first like to start off by saying i actually enjoy the game's single player aspect. Though upon purchase of the dlc it was stated that it would have multiplayer early access. I understand it can be early access though fact is, it is almost entirely unplayable. Sure you can join another players game, but it does not mean you can use your skills or even connect properly.On top of that upon attempting to inquire on forums what is going to happen and why it isnt functional, i am promptly informed that the multiplayer isn't a priority and I was silly for buying it expecting it to work.TL:DRSingle player - pretty solidmultiplayer - complete jokeDo not buy with expectations for multiplayer though it is stated on steam that it should be included"
,Not Recommended,269210,26299504,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,p u p,"Hero Seige, a RPG/Rogue-like cross.The Basics: Bunch of different classes, 2 DLC acts, 4 DLC characters, DLC skins, lots of DLCPros:+ Kinda fun+ Multiplayer, always a good thing if it worked+ The rogue-like element was initially entertainingCons:- The more they♥♥♥♥♥content the buggier it gets like an inversely proportional game system- Serious bugs out the ♥♥♥♥ing wazoo, expect missing items, level rollbacks, getting stuck in trees- Class balance is awful.- Enjoy spending a month grinding to level 150 only for you to do no damage to any enemy ever- Seriously ♥♥♥♥ level rollbacks- All the good classes got nerfed to make the game 'balanced', when they should have buffed weaker classes a la the 'what is balance' conundrumWould I recommend it? If it was 3 years ago sure.Now? ♥♥♥♥ no, it's buggy trash and no-one should play it."
,Not Recommended,269210,29289554,Posted: 15 January,all,Cheebscake,"I had fun with this game, but it's too broken for me to tell people they should spend money on it. There's a lot of glitches, such as enemies spawning behind walls you can't get past, callouts for dungeons and health shrines either ending up to not be anything or being something completely different, and players being able to completely skip to the last wave before the boss by spamming the hotkey for starting the next round inbetween waves. Sure it's still kinda functional, and a good time to an extent, but things like that and other bs like bosses randomly being able to oneshot you gets old after a while. Would not recommend."
76561198069000275,Not Recommended,269210,11901901,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,SuchSheepeWow,"I bought this game when it was on sale.I like supporting indie developers,and I tought that this game looked like Binding of Isaac,which i really like.I have enjoyed the few hours of fun it had to give,I didnt expect much,I get bored of games easily.When I bought it,the games page said,that there will be an online multiplayer mod too.Cool,I tought,i love online muliplayer games,and it is a great investment,so that I can play multiplayer later.This was my main reason to buy the game.And now i see,you added the multiplayer...AS A DLC?!Are you kidding me?What is this?This is a disgrace.I wish I could get a refound,i would rather buy a bag of chips and a coca cola than to give it to someone too greedy to include multiplayer in a game THAT I HAVE ALREADY PAID FOR!!!1/10,multiplayer as a dlc,its a bad joke..."
,Not Recommended,269210,34198439,Posted: 12 August,all,pride (ง ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)ง,"Extremely bad game so many bugs, when one bug is fixed 5 more come up"
,Not Recommended,269210,16938241,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Morty Bot,Virtually non-existent depth of content.
76561198129650275,Not Recommended,269210,21534706,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"[My logged online hours do not reflect hours played offline.]There should really be a sideways thumb for games like this, but previously before all the recent updates I would have gladly given the game a thumbs up.  From when I personally had played the game, the mana update had come out and the game - as it was - was perfectly fine by me.  Arena-style, RPG elements, the overworld, etc. had a pretty alright feeling to it so I have nothing to ♥♥♥♥♥ about there.  Graphically it's quite pleasing on the eyes.  HOWEVER, I have noticed that the devs don't quite know what to do with their updates.The constant updates keep changing things about the game nearly every time.  You barely have time to get used to the new update before something else gets changed, whether minimally or completely.  There is no constant ""making the game better"" through slight changes or community advice.  It's game-changing changes that have kept me off from playing Hero Siege further.  Oh, and it's nice that you can't even complete every act because someone thought it'd be cute to release the rest of the game as DLC.  Cause that makes sense, am I right?  It's like if Stephen King wrote a book but only release the first two-thirds and released every chapter as a full-length book thereafter.But here are the positives that I previously enjoyed:+ The mana system was FINE.  ([-] HOWEVER, acking up the skills' use of mana is pointless for having said skills at said level if you can't even use them.)+ The overworld is alright.  Has portals per act.  Rather pointless to have though, not much to do other than sell equipment from a vendor you can't buy things from so you're left to hunt EVERYTHING down yourself (not that that's bad but it is tiresome after a while)+ Graphically pleasing.  Would not be surprised if they degraded it back to 8-bit or 16-bit graphics because we were all about 8 years old when the first Pokemon games came out anyway and that's how old the devs are acting.+ Bosses were fun... ish.  Getting through an area and mindlessly mass-murdering creatures with families and waging genocide to get to the next area left me with a tingly feeling all in my body that made me feel fuzzy.  It's kept me out of prison.- THE DAMN UPDATES.- THE DAMN UPDATES.-THE DAMN UPDATES.- Oh, did I mention the updates?Would I buy this game again?  If you like math, the probability of me buying this game ever again is 2 to the power of infinity minus one to one against.  So... no."
76561198059106613,Recommended,269210,12909012,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Uintah,"I bought this when there were just a few classes, no runes, and the game looked hella old. Now, there are a few more classes, the game looks INCREDIBLE, and it's all a  very solid experience. Each class is unique , making you adapt a new style of play for each and every one. The enemies are challanging , but not too challanging. The dungeons can be randomly be impossible to beat depending on your class, but that's no biggie.  They are CONSTANTLY updating the game and making it better . I play this occasionaly , and nearly every time I log on there is something new or it looks just a little bit better. I highly recommend getting this. It's a nice game to kill some time (while waiting for queues in WoW) , or it can become challanging and intense if you choose to push forward to later levels.8/10 , solid."
76561198104878650,Not Recommended,269210,35301438,Posted: 29 September,all,Radius,"I'll start from the very beginning.While the concept is most certainly there, it definitely offers some minor diversity and is enjoyable to play to an extent the main reasoning behind my negative review is simple:You will die a lot, when I say a lot, I seriously mean a lot to the point you will without question want to smash your computer screen to a bloody pulp. That's how I feel right now while writing this review.The game is extremely unbalanced:Recently in 2.0.0.4 (2 days ago) They scaled elite monsters up by a lot, the speed they now have they're basically right alongside you and there is a specific mod on the elite with ""Reflect"" however it's not like a reflect where you deal damage and take reflect damage it shoots out projectiles instead.Those projectiles will catch you off guard 99% of the time and you will die. You might be thinking ""Well you're only dying, it's not permadeath on softcore"" I agree to that, however the reasoning is simple:At level 150 you enter wormholes. Wormholes are opened by using a key that you either get from act-bosses, uber damien, or buying them for 250k coins each.These wormholes are 1-use only so if you die, that's a 250k loss and a lot of time lost whereas if the game was more balanced you would feel some sort of progress you didn't.The end-game consists of rinse repeating wormholes and it's a never-ending thing (which the developers are pushing to change) because some people are in wormhole 40-70k while me for an example I am only in WH200.Basically it's like an indie diablo 3 right to the core.I personally would love the game if the developers take serious notes about balance and how crucial it is to have a balanced game rather than an unbalanced one that it is now.For the time being I will certainly not recommend the game to anyone.Also to mention that the moderators abuse their powers on the discord server, after me questioning why path of exile is superior to diablo 3 because he couldn't justify a reason as to why he thought diablo 3 was better he thought ""I'm toxic"" lets ban him.I've got massive experience in both games and the arpg genre as a whole and to hear someone trash talk a game they most likely haven't played before really burns me.But yeah I'm getting carried away.TL:DRDon't buy unless you like getting 1-shot all day long"
76561198161977175,Not Recommended,269210,32308607,Posted: 9 June,all,geobarney,"Ok so i saw the trailer and saw potential for this game!01 Beautiful Pixel Art? - !! check !!02 Hack and Slash gameplay? - !! check !!03 Good Music? - !! check !!04 RPG Elements? - !! check !!05 Bought it within minutes after i saw the trailer? - !! check !!So why am i complaining if everithing seems so good?What is the most important aspect of any good video game?Is it the graphics sound and atmosphere? Yes but is that enough?How about gameplay... I sure hope so that the way you control you character in a game matters. No?01 Controls...You claim to let someone change the key bindings if you use the keyboard and i can see some options there but i am stuck with F and G like its something sacred that i shouldn't change ok you dont want me to change them no worries i will plug my controller!02 Controls......Hmmmm so i pluged my controller and see that still i can not change the way my character moves what if i wanted to move with the D-pad and use pots with the left analogue stick or attack with the XABY buttons... No Sir you can not...03 Controls.........Removed the controller and went back to keyboard mode... saw that the mouse does some things and some other things does not...Let me explain - I can click and attack with the mouse which is fine although the game should tell me that i can use it like that. I open my inventory and i can not click anything so i can't change my gear or what ever...???... Sup with that ...???...ok then i open my tallents and i saw that i can click and put points to my health dmg etc... i mean what is happening here is etherOption No1i don't know how to use my mouse orOption No2my mouse is broken ""apparently for this game only""<{( Secret Option No3 )}> Devs don't understand what key bindings in a game is...So before you buy this game please do a little bit of research.The problem is that i can't say that this game is good or bad... I CAN'T PLAY THE GAME TO DETERMIN IF IT IS GOOD BAD OR EPIC...If they ever fix the controls i would gladly try it out and pay another 20 Euros for the dlc's.P.S.Dont forget about the dlc's 5 Euros a piece if you want the whole game it would be like 25 Euros"
,Recommended,269210,8903481,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,LovelyBears,"Amazing game! Nice and intense gameplay, loads of items to collectIf you like games likes the binding of isaac you definitly like Hero Siege!"
,Recommended,269210,32357055,Posted: 11 June,all,Beviah,"I've been closely watching Hero Siege for quite some time, and finally made the decision to purchase it, in spite of all the negative reviews, which, I feel are entirely unjustified and should be taken with a grain of salt.Hero Siege is a hack and slash mix of Diablo III, and the Binding of Isaac.I purchased this game for a dollar and change, what I got out of it was nearly a seven hour play session with friends, I purchased the DLC, and now I'm hooked. There are some minor complaints I have with the game, which I will address, but, the good outweighs the bad.Death is not nearly as punishing as other rogue-likes, unless your character is hardcore, the game's difficulty and variables of difficulties make up for that in surplus.The Good:+ One run (DLC included) will last you around five hours, give or take, on normal difficulty with a new character.+ Each class plays very differently, making replay-ability in this game very high.+ Despite having a lot of gear, the game still provided quite a challenge.+ The game has competitive features, which allow you to test your efficiency against other players and earn special rewards, even up to rank one status.+ The combat, while can be mindless, is satisfying.+ Plenty of references to other popular games (WoW, Overwatch, Diablo, Binding of Isaac, etc.)The Bad:- There are a lot of QoL problems, for example, there is no confirmation about going through portals during acts, which can often have you leave behind items, relics, and other valuable loot, which can be frustrating.- Some items and relics are very strong, which can negate a lot of the challenge in the game. (Wings, Monkey Cloud, etc.)- The offered talent trees are very linear, which - while interesting, can be a tad dull, especially at higher levels.- There is no designated tank class at the moment, and the melee classes that are available, are at a significant disadvantage, in comparison to ranged classes.- There is no way to currently attack at an angle, only the four cardinal directions, in opposition to the standard eight in similar games.Overall, this game is charming and extremely enjoyable, it's unique. The negatives are very minor in comparison to the rest that this game has to offer and I highly recommend it to anyone. In my opinion, this game deserves a lot more positive attention and praise than what it's received thus far."
,Not Recommended,269210,25473568,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Rapi,"I would really recommend this game, but paying for acts is just ridiculous. Each act has almost the same price as the game. The vanilla game only have 4 acts and look at all this dlcs. A great game, but with a really bad dlc system."
,Not Recommended,269210,29068927,Posted: 6 January,all,yyper,"I had 4 pack of this game and two of us encountered crash just trying to join lobby and play together. Also twice all of us set ready in llobby and game didn't start. After 20 minutes of struggle finally getting game started, some of us encountered lag and got throwed out, and one of us looked like standing still even infact he wasn't. So no, do not buy this game, it's so buggy that you are not able to play it at all. Really really disappointing how someone can publish game this buggy."
,Not Recommended,269210,18787539,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rhetorn[SK],"It looks like it's beta, or even playable alpha version of the game:Short summary:Quite bugged... (posted at 31. October)Still bugged... (posted at 17. November)Game is still changing - devs porbably don't know meaning of release versions..."
76561198072191023,Not Recommended,269210,26511981,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"I loved this when it was a small free game for mobile phones, was excited to play it on pc with a bunch of new stuff. What I got was  a laggy, buggy, game that crashed constantly, consistantly screwed up your save slots, and whenever I tried to load it up with the dlc thing I got when I first bought it, wouldn't even get past the title screen before going completely black.Could have been... Meeeh-alright, is bad.:/"
76561198065983148,Not Recommended,269210,16722343,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,mikeafka,It says multiplayer but don't count on it.Lately it's been crashing (Not Responding) every time I try to play.Buying 2 copies of this to play coop with my girlfriend was a huge waste of moneyI've played less buggy alpha early-access
,Not Recommended,269210,24748038,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mazzy,"I can only enjoy this with friends, the DLC is certainly not worth it, the game is only interesting for around 3 hours.That said, if you're the 100% completionist type, You'll probably enjoy this.If not, then I don't recommend this for you.Not convinced? I bought 8 copies of this game to gift and none of those friends play this anymore.All apart of my plan to give this review."
,Not Recommended,269210,16349859,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,johnny2k,"Looks like a great game so some of us bought it thinking we'd get to play together on a private server. Some of the problems include....* Can only connect by IP and not domain (input field is limited to 16 characters)* Must connect to port 6510 (can not be changed)* We could not connect to any servers at all (even with no password)* Password field is in all caps even with capslock off like some kind of piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥iOS device.* Has to register an account and give email address, then verify. For a 2d, top down game with four players max!!?!?* Tried single player to see if it was going to be rad. You can only shoot in 4 directions. Even NES games allowed more directions than that.TL;DR: We couldn't play this game together at all.This game looks awesome in the trailers and I can't wait to experience that game play but right now I can't even get into a game with my friends. Yes, we opended up port 6510 for TCP and UDP! We're not neanderthals."
76561197992557097,Not Recommended,269210,27055144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SleepDepJoel,"Played with 3 friends.  Game was buggy in a lot of areas; one puzzle was unsolvable because only 3/4 of the pieces I needed spawned (friends saw all of them on their own screens).  A lot of strange design decisions; your character freezes and poses when picking up a potion but can still be damaged, the inventory system is clunky, and it becomes difficult to tell what flying projectiles belong to you and what belongs to your friends, especially when you each have waves of objects coming off of you.  Bosses didn't have different behaviors and were extremely easy to tear through in multi.Lots of in-app purchases, even for things like changing your character's name.  You get 10k of the real-money resource with your purchase, but I figure thatFeels like it wanted to be another Binding of Isaac twin stick shooter, but it's not very satisfying and the controls aren't nearly as tight.  Very little variety in how you'll approach different waves of enemies because the random buffs you pick up don't change the game very much.  Wouldn't recommend."
76561198122074642,Not Recommended,269210,31269002,Posted: 20 April,all,Foxxx,"2 player coop does not work , can choose a level we are stuck right away"
,Not Recommended,269210,34241475,Posted: 14 August,all,Jimbo,"I have a love hate relationship with this game.The game is fun at first. HOWEVER, the game is hardly updated. Season 2 had a problem with the Amazon character being overpowered.What did the devs do?They let the character ruin all the leaderboards and half way through the season it was nerfed.A little late don't you think?And right after that... Pyromancer had a overpowered update! Yaaay!So season 3 came out and the game was updated to Version 2.0.My head thinking it would be all fixed and new stuff would be added.I logged on to see new bosses and animations were added. Cool right?Well no. The game has certain levels that have a slow motion effect because theres so many scripts happening at once.What's the devs advice? ---> Turn your graphics settings down and buy a better computer!10/10 :DAlso after hitting the max level what do you do in the game?You farm the same area called 'Wormhole' over and over again for what?... Your name to be on a leaderboard.So you farm for hours and get a place on the leaderboard. Yeahhh!Next day you come online to see everyone is 1000 or more wormholes above you because they have OP characters.What else is annoying about this game?Characters... The melee characters are all pointless. You legit die from killing other enemies. And half of the characters are not usable because of the others being so strong.Bugs/glitches/exploits. This has been a problem in the game for AGES! I mean I started this game over 8months ago and the glitches that happened back then still happen in version 2.0.I'm talking about players being unable to join games and leaving these level 1 vikings perm stuck in your game unless you restart your game, glitching other players into a solo wormhole that ruins the leaderboards, bosses freezing your games, and more...So in conclusion, the game has a lot of lag problems, very unbalanced characters, glitches and bugs that havn't been patched for over 8months, and nothing to do other than farm the same map after hitting max level.This game had potential but the devs are not fixing the problems only making more. 4/10"
76561198068102627,Not Recommended,269210,23436494,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Qonstrukt,"Definetely not recommended, see these negative things why:-Lots of grinding-Lots of kiting-Amassed  enemies can make our pc lag-Invisible damage sources which also stack (Instant-death)-Meelee classed  who need to get close have lots of problems-Impractical Item Management-Wave trigger is broken since start-Enemies/Quest items spawn out of bounds"
76561197996639407,Recommended,269210,29576919,Posted: 29 January,all,MattGotBars,"The game is an 8-bit Diablo essentially. It's very fun for quite some time and mellows out once you've completed the story quests. Even with all of the DLCs, all of the story can be completed within an hour on one of the hardest difficulties. There are quite a few visual and mechanical glitches with multiplayer as well. Overall, it was good for the price I got it ($2 USD)."
,Not Recommended,269210,20142483,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dunglefinker,"tl;dr don't buy this game, even if they sell it for one penny. I'm sad. This is the first negative review I've written of a game on Steam. This game upon release was promising, character design still sucked and there were issues from hell to back (literally) on sprite models, items in game that'd break the game in your favor or make the last 10 hours you spent with a character meaningless (I get it, rogue-like elements, just wish someone would ♥♥♥♥ing tell me when I'm playing a Battletoads 3.) Multiplayer was NEVER remotely an option, unless you wanted to go to college for a four year degree in ♥♥♥♥ing with your router and your buddy's router settings, which for most of you underage folk just isn't an option. I see people comparing this game to Diablo 2, mostly because they blatantly ripped off the text from Diablo, but that's not a fair comparison. Blizzard communicated all major changes with the playerbase during that time, multiplayer thrived, there was a big competitive scene, it is still remarked as a masterpiece of the CRPG genre. In an attempt to seemingly fit into this genre, the devs have tried to add mana, but due to the nature of the abilities you use ingame, take up anywhere from 5-80% of your mana bar, so even though almost all melee characters had to dump points into brainless abilities and skillpoints like attack speed and strength, because the big bosses would whoop your♥♥♥♥♥♥from kingdom come unless you had an OP item or dodge all the seemingly random attacks (looking at you, Ra.) I wanted to love this game. I did. After the devs having no idea which direction to take it, blatantly stealing content from other games, refusing to work with a successful multiplayer game, banning everyone who tried to discuss content negatively on their site, the game not remotely being finished and ACTUAL parts of the game being sold for DLC and..well, the list goes on and on."
,Not Recommended,269210,21042896,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Vladimir Bobko,"- ALTERNATE TITLE -""Don't Get Too Attached To Items / Characters / Progress Simulator.""Game is bearable when it works properly and you don't lose gear, relics / items. Just roll over to the discussions tab and see how it's ""a known issue they need more information on."" Don't expect much."
76561197987701840,Not Recommended,269210,18805905,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zell,"Bought this game on sale, absolutely loved it! I played it non-stop, until they added a mana system and re-worked equipment so it's no longer efficent or user friendly. Taking 5mins to sort through tons of useless armor at the end of a run is not fun...you used to just walk over and press a button, decide if you want to keep it or not, and poof! gone, quick and easy. Mana system I wouldn't mind trying as a seperate mode...but, cooldowns were SO much more fun"
,Not Recommended,269210,18773050,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Reprotted,Buggy as ♥♥♥♥ lol.
,Not Recommended,269210,22932754,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mordamir,"Oh boy, where to start?Well, Hero Siege is a pixel-art Diablo clone. Great idea, looks promising, right?So at the outset, you need to pick a class before you can go dungeon crawling, leveling up and collecting procedurally generated loot. Something that bothered me right off the bat was the fact that nearly half the classes aren't available unless you pay some extra cash. Call me old fashioned, but I miss the times when you got 100% of the content when you purchased a game. This is particularly aggravating, if you consider that the multiplayer function is BUGGY AS HELL and simply doesn't work. Oh, sorry, I meant to say it's still ""open beta"", that's what they're calling it these days...Look, I know I'm coming off as an angry jerk, but the fact is - THIS IS AN UNFINISHED GAME. In its current state, it should be sold as ""early access"", and not as a finished product. I mean, come on! How many people purchased Diablo because of the single player campaign? My point being: This kind of game is quintessentially a multiplayer game, and therefore - if multiplayer doesn't work, the game is broken, unfinished.""Shut up, Mordamir, it's good value for the money you paid.""I don't care. You shut up.It's not about the price, it's about false advertising. Not only that, but there's a bunch of DLC available, while the multiplayer function isn't even working. There's a perfect example of misplaced priorities, in my opinion.But even if multiplayer were fully functional, I don't know if I would recommend this game. In all honesty, battle is reasonably fun, and there seems to be a good variety of enemies, and all that good stuff you expect to find in a Diablo clone. But the inventory system... I have no words, I really don't. It's  the stuff of nightmares. I remember PC games FROM THE EARLY 90s with better inventory systems than the one in this game. The mind boggles.Anyway, I'm really sorry I can't recommend this game, there's so much potential and even - dare I say - 'personality' in it. It all goes to waste because of yet-to-be-made-functional  multiplayer and an inventory system from the depths of R'lyeh."
,Not Recommended,269210,18743276,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Poirot,"This game had potential, but it's too simplistic. There's no real strategy except for ""kill everything and hope for good gear"". There's no tutorial of any kind, you just have to guess everything for yourself. Also it is way too slow-paced to be fun. The game gets fun in the later levels, but getting there is just a chore. The leveling system is just a joke, you get 2 stat points to distribute among the... 4 stats possible, though buying 4 stat points to a shopkeeper costs nothing. Also getting curses that gives you -40 strength when you only have 20 is not funny."
76561198258148861,Not Recommended,269210,24448425,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Avatarlc,"i do like the game...in fact i love it but i cant recomend it to anyone because of the many bugs in the game that makes it really frustrating i'm not gonna enter in details, the only things u need to know are that there are lots of bugs, things completely unbalanced and the lack of commitment from the devs (i usually participate in the community and it doesn't look like they are worried about the problems in the game). the game is abandoned"
76561198015233287,Not Recommended,269210,25771365,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mangu,"This game used to have over 90% positive reviews, then the mana update came and it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devs pride was their own downfall.It used to be a good game, now it sucks a lot.Thanks Obama..."
,Not Recommended,269210,29358439,Posted: 19 January,all,Potato,"The game was great before (i bought 4 pack of game and most of the DLC)But now? unbalance, buggy gameplay, and very bad serverI cant really play it smooth with my brother because of the stupid laggy serverThe devs team don give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their playerDON BUY THIS! If u bought the game, never buy the DLC , the content doesnt worth the money."
76561197992437809,Not Recommended,269210,16475047,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Aegis,"This game looked very promising from the video/screenshots, but be warned - What I experienced was a cluster♥♥♥♥ nightmare of bugs, poor controls, and a lack of any explaination for how the game works at all. Some people are comparing this to The Binding of Isaac, and I can see the similarities. But in the end, it's a much worse experience. I would pass on this one."
,Recommended,269210,12912742,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,neon_cacti,"Hero Siege is a game heavily inspired by Diablo and others. You play as one of many classes and beat waves after waves of Enemies until you finish the game. There are relics which increase some of your powers, various temporary items which are lost upon death which give stats or skills, statues that increase your stats permanently and potions with temporary buffs/debuffs. The game tends to be fun, however it takes time to get used to controls and the chaos going on. It depends a lot on luck and lucky generation of items, or else you're going to die for sure and restart all over again. Once you get a hang of it, it becomes fun but a bit boring as you're so strong it's no longer a challenge. Be wary after finishing a game on one difficulty you restart with no items on the next diff.>I'd give it a 8.5/10>Pros: Fun, lots of randomization, lots of items, good if you're a fan of rogue-likes and Diablo clones, graphics are neat. I previously stated bugs and imbalances as negative sides, however most of them are now fixed and they keep being fixed as reports come in.>Cons: Campaign acts which will come out in the future are all PAID DLC, also dislike the concept of not only having a DLC but an even more expensive ""Collector's Edition"". (DLC with acts and rest of the game should be free, collector's edition should be the purchase to support the developer rather than having it all paid for)"
,Not Recommended,269210,11386180,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,F̲̅ᴇ̲̅ᴀ̲̅ʀ̲̅ᴏ̲̅ғ̲̅ʟ̲̅ɪ̲̅ғ̲̅ᴇ̲̅,"This game needs work and lots of it, the game lacks alot of things that would create a better game play. There is no sprint mechanic, you are basically walking to killing monsters, and in addition, there is no way to dodge or sheild yourself from traps. The game gets frustrating when you have lightning based monsters or other enhanced monsters. The different classes are all slow paced and are virtually the same thing. Not even a good soundtrack is available to make you feel pumped up. The only decent character are in the dlc, which btw was the samurai in the trailer of half of the video. Basically i feel they fixed on the look rather than actually working game. Was the game amusing, oh yes it was, does it need work, lots of it. I'll admit i cracked a smile at the weiner shooting volcano. Should you play this game, sure if your in a mood of a game that takes no effort since how slow it is, then by all means play it."
,Not Recommended,269210,34094523,Posted: 7 August,all,maddened pulsating,"Was playing with my friends, as a group of 4 of us. I went AFK to do a quick errand, came back, and one of my friends was banned for ""cheating"". We got the game maybe an hour beforehand, played straight without stopping, and that was it for us. Also the cleric/white mage class sucks. And the inventory system is difficult to manage. A real chore. I don't really recommend this game."
76561198052665540,Recommended,269210,23761614,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sephrinx,"Game is a lot of fun. Can't go wrong for the price.The DLC is a bit over priced for what it's worth, and without it you're basically playing the ""Demo"" of the game.The game is far too heavily reliant on gear though, which is a shame. I went from having a +15, to +86, to a +2000 damage weapon within 10 levels, kind of explosively exponential growth.It is however extremely fun! I def recommend it."
76561198061040639,Not Recommended,269210,20904789,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BigGunNeverEmpty,"Tried playing the game... Had no idea on anything.. Read up on a ""How to"" I have seen non-stop bashing on the game. Looked up why, no longer trying to figure out how to play this game..5/7"
,Not Recommended,269210,21101142,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Alturrang,"The game is really fun and a great time.Until the framerate grinds to a halt, it crashes, and you lose all your item progress for the umpteenth time.I really want to recommend it, but I can't, until some of the underlying performance and gameplay issues are worked out."
,Not Recommended,269210,20409499,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,HuskeyG,"Wow, what happened to this game."
76561197980629067,Not Recommended,269210,28638048,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,raven1849,The lag is terrible !!   The game has potential if the devs would put a little more work into it. Glad I didn't pay full price for it.
,Recommended,269210,20296786,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,۩ THE_Incinerate ۩,it Excellent game You have group of hero. you Can Develop hero Skills RBG System And each Hero have a Unique skillsgameplay: 10/9art: 10/9Sound: 10/8it Worth the experience and Play with a friend it like double Action and cool.
,Not Recommended,269210,20220845,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GamerBoy1997,"Go to play after not for 6 months. See achievements and multiplayer added, get excited. Go to play my level 46 archer with  multishot turrets. Can't use any skills. Reset stats and skills. Go to play again, cant use my turret. Why? Not enough mana... WTF is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Base mana does not even go up with levels, so after resetting stats again with adding over half into mana, I still can't use my skills. Game is unplayable as far as I am concerned."
76561197995057696,Not Recommended,269210,20401448,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,madmandoom,Do not buy this game it is fun for a little bit but then you realise it is only 50% compleat and need to buy DLC for each 10%.
,Not Recommended,269210,20413228,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Cosmic Space Whale,"This game is very fun, HOWEVER after you get to high levels of the game in multiplayer it's unplayable. Players drop out of the game so frequently, we couldn't have a team of four people for more than a few minutes.  Setup the ""Server"" player in the peer to peer server system on a 20/20 asyncronus fiber connection. That's 20 down and 20 up. People still had awful connections, lagging, getting stuck, only able to aim one direction.  It was rediculus how much we had to deal with the connection issues. You can join your own peer to peer server and have a small chance to disconect due to application issue.Very fun, imposible to play with friends beyond normal dificulty or Act 4."
,Not Recommended,269210,20257957,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Japonês da Federal,"Here, my opinion after going through a couple giga-threads about the game:From me: I like the game. I love the style and the mechanics. I am such a sucker for roguelikes and random generation, and that may have biased me into getting the game. Single-player was crazy good for me, and that was enough. I started delving in the community and the forums to see if the DLCs were worth my pennies.There are some major, glaring flaws in it: multiplayer has been a problem since launch and I never bothered playing online because it is buggy and devastatingly disappointing; the mana mechanic is well intended, but it is not balanced yet (there is a reason most successful roguelikes adopt cooldowns, skills are the best part of every character); some new items lack in the originality department and in more than one occasion the devs were disgustingly rude to the community.I could care less about Multiplayer. I gave up on that front. This game would be lovely with friends, but there are too many problems in the execution of it.Mechanics: I have my own bickering with the mana resource and with the amount of points allocated with every level, and I think it is not the optimal approach to the game. I usually leave attribute points unallocated because they don't even matter when compared to item and potion bonuses and onuses (eg. -40 strength). I hope this gets reworked soon.But that all was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for me - I like the game and single-player, even with these flaws, made me happy. I like that experiments are being made to the game and, even when they are not well-implemented, it gives the chance of growth and evolution! To learn from mistakes made and get the good parts of it in other iterations! I love the new animations for the enemies!What killed the game and the possibility of buying DLC for me was a thread where a dev answered one of the many call-outs to the flawed mechanics with irony and disrespect. ""boohoo mana boohoo equipments stop crying"".No. This is NOT OK! There is no ♥♥♥♥ing reason for this ♥♥♥♥ing nonsense of disrespecting the fanbase that is playing a game that is in the same genre and niche of several better indie roguelikes! Risk of Rain, Nuclear Throne, Rogue Legacy, Eldritch, A Wizard's Lizard, Cardinal Quest, Teleglitch, even ♥♥♥♥ing Rogue Shooter! FTL gave for free a major update that revamped and added things to the mix! Devs for most up-and-coming indies are constantly listening their fanbase and testing things before making gameplay changes! It is NOT OK to just fall down and ♥♥♥♥ on your fans! I will not support this!I know many of the players share my POV. And I hope the devs get down from their high horses and start listening to the community that supported and helped the game get on the limelights. This is a good game for those who like to grind and to be merrily repeating stages, and has potential! But I would not recommend it to anyone now.I'm really sorry. I'm terribly disappointed."
76561198170896605,Not Recommended,269210,26704322,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,REEEEEEEEEEE,it not as good as home phone
76561198015425994,Not Recommended,269210,20511413,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,bcdegptv3,U need the dlc to play multiplayer. RIPOFF
,Not Recommended,269210,21575071,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Neb <3,"OK, first of all, this was a game that i really thought had potential. still does.The thing is, these people dont even host servers, so you have to portforward.Now thats a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ it really isnt actually, but for a lot of people like me, portforward just doesnt work. im not saying that out of unknowledgable sources of info, im saying that accessing the connection hub for people like me doesnt work because the router supporters are♥♥♥♥♥♥ whenever i type in my default gateway, it dont work, this game simply just tells you to ""oh just portforward because we are too cheap to actually host servers right now and we want you to open your own router ports and use your wifi so we can have a cheap♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer option."" seriously, some people dont even know what portforwarding is. Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ill be the happiest man ever alive."
76561198066299756,Not Recommended,269210,20566492,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PICKLE RICK,This game has great kit and fun gameplay imo but it has SOOOOOO many in game purchases. Pretty much everything is on DLC's and they are pretty expensive so a pointless game bought in sale.
76561198038037769,Not Recommended,269210,20529103,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,treelaunka,"Stopped playing it for 6 months. Booted it up recently after many expansions and patchs later, and local multi functions even worse than before.0/10, would not encourage people to buy this badly polished and not finished game.Devs don't play test, and for w/e reason the bugs never get addressed. The concept is cool, but, it's badly implemented."
76561198081501738,Not Recommended,269210,20755260,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Caralantha,"This game interested me and sat in my wishlist for a while. I finally get to play it and was filled with disappointment as I struggled to just play it. There is usually a learning curve for games and this one has none to be found. Not to mention that special recourse is needed to rename a single player character that isn't even remotely usable in a multiplayer setting. As a capable player in similar games, this one makes me sad. And having learned a little too late, this game seems to still be in alpha/beta mode still. I have a town full of NPCs that do nothing, not even a shopkeeper or an explanation or anything. I'm not even sure what gold is for if anything at all. Also, the wave system seemed cool and novel at first, but quickly became tedious as death comes so easily. I'm sure there might be something to this if the positive reveiws are true, but I'm not seeing it."
76561198023293461,Not Recommended,269210,19992960,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dazedsheep,"Let me start my review with ""If it would be an early access game..."":- ""... then there would be hope that devs would fix unfinished/broken game mechanics"". Let me detail this a bit more. The devs are still asking the players to report bugs. Devs this is your job before you release a game! There are plenty of game breaking bugs in there. For example, you may just die by running through a monster that is casting a mass attack because each bullet is counted. This keeps happening if you play a melee hero. Another annoying thing is, if monsters do not die within the ""walls"" items may just be dropped out of reach (happened a lot to me, mythics and legendaries just a leap away but you will never be able to collect them). Another problem are the ""talents"" and stats. During the game you may collect relics that boost your stats but in the very beginning you will have to guess which stat maps to the stats displayed in the character screen (strength <-> damage, energy <-> mana). Skills are just, ... usesless, most of the time the passives are the skills you will have to pick up (esp. paladin). The synergy of some skills is very simple and they do not really have synergies with other skills.- ""... one may expect a working multiplayer part after EA."" PanicNet vs. BattleNet. Well, there is not much to say. It is one server handling all the accounts... If this server crashes you will just have to wait until it is restarted and you have to hope that your items found in the last minutes are not wiped. One ♥♥♥♥ing server, are you serious devs? - This buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥of a dedicated server...I cannot recommend this game. It is a typical Game Maker game. Made by people who have not a little idea of software engineering, and testing. This game is a mess. It is fun but not worth the trouble..."
76561198045625066,Not Recommended,269210,16995465,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Bonzwagga,"Great potential, but it gets really boring after the first 6 waves. And little things are super annoying -- game doesn't auto-pause when I pick up an item, so a random trap will kill me as I'm looking at the stats? Marksmans first ability works based on the direction you are walking as opposed to the direction you are shooting? All the gold I collected disappears when I die, and I have to trade 1k gold for 10 gems, then it takes like 1k-5k gems to get any items from folks in town?Not really worth spending too much time playing. Maybe a 20-30 minute session every few weeks in order to remind you that the other game you have been playing for hours isn't really as boring as it has been seeming in the past couple days."
,Not Recommended,269210,16283924,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Notesurfer,"Hero Siege combines the gamefeel of Gauntlet with the combat mechanics of Binding of Isaac. While the gameplay at its core is solid enough, Hero Siege has some very rough edges. Multiple currencies and an impossible-to-afford item shop reek of a bad mobile pay-to-win port, while an unconscionable number of assets are lifted verbatim from the games that supposedly inspired this one. Hero Siege goes beyond homage to straight-up theft, and for this alone it cannot be recommended.Still, the many unique classes and multiple difficulty levels offer a lot of replayability, and there is a unique sense of frantic and overwhelming odds which will push the player to build the most efficient character possible. For those who love grinding through waves of enemies and have no qualms about the use of stolen assets, Hero Siege will definitely offer a few hours of fun. For others however, the repetition will quickly accumulate into manifest boredom."
,Not Recommended,269210,15489110,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Adolf Heezy,"I bought this for the Multiplayer option. Even tho it has been released ages ago, the multiplayer is still bugged as hell. Not even playable at some times. Get sh*t done, dev. Because it could be damn good"
,Not Recommended,269210,21590366,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ElZwieblo,couldn't even connect to a server
,Not Recommended,269210,22902639,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MrSlayerBBQ,"A slog through the mundane that never stops. Broken, nonsensical and uninteresting."
,Not Recommended,269210,23120275,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Feron,Good game but there is to much stuff that u need to buy in order to play the full game
76561197976915080,Not Recommended,269210,17079984,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,nemesis,"I absolutely love this game, but it's a complete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Game is extremely unbalanced, a complete nightmare from that perspective.Character classes are mostly same-ey and undifferentiated since you only get 4 active skills and the rest are generally on proc passive skills. You'll struggle and die a lot in the beginning until you randomly happen to get a purple rarity item that literally multiplies all your stats hundredfold, and then since there's no level requirements on items you'll basically never have anything else to put in that equipment slot except for another purple with marginally better stats way down the road. There's literally one artifact that doubles your character's damage. Was breezing through the game until I died and lost it, and now I can't do enough damage to stay alive. Some levels are poorly designed and force you into tight hallways in a game that's all about dodging. Some stuff kills you instantly no matter how much health you have. Certain attacks will stun you long enough to cause everything in the map to converge on you and eat your face. Other times you find yourself breezing through bosses you kill in two hits. DLC basically just makes more levels and more enemies to fight, no new items, character options, or content except new classes to play. Game is often extremely buggy and chugs at times on my gaming desktop.Kind of fun if you can get a friend to play with, but then you have to go through the trouble of setting up port forwarding to host an online game.There's plenty of potential for good stuff here, but nothing in the game works the way it's supposed to. Really puts a damper on all of it. As other reviewers have noted, developers focus on putting out new DLC (which adds nothing substantial) rather than fixing the base issues with the game or finding some way to balance it. It's just one huge, hot ugly mess. Basically just a levelling/loot gathering treadmill where the treadmill keeps alternating between 90mph and 0.5mph without telling you what's going on."
76561198053374057,Recommended,269210,34072195,Posted: 6 August,all,Bob Page,"Great game, and what I like most is that the developers listen to community feedback and constantly work to improve the game.  This game has come a long way from where it started, and it's only getting better and more content-filled.  Awesome work!"
,Recommended,269210,33767176,Posted: 24 July,all,lucyluck,"This game is actually really fun with friends!Singleplayer not recommended if you find your self dying a lot in these types of games.Controls are wonky, but not unbearable when you get used to it, and--- To get the rest of this review please purchase the following DLC ------ Pros - $3.99--- Cons - $3.99--- Shiny new skin for Pros -$5.99--- Just a recolor for Cons -$5.99--- Just because we can -$5.99--- You know what you can get a smiley face for -$3.99"
76561198147775614,Not Recommended,269210,23003777,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SASUKE UCHIHA,"I guess it's worth 0.64$ for the 2 hours I played, the game is just full of broken mechanics and stupid RNG's imo."
,Not Recommended,269210,11539900,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Tormentor,"Incredibly fun, but horribly bugged and some of the mechanics are useless (the armor stat pretty much doesn't make any difference, for instance, as pretty much everything that kills you will do it in one hit).Consider buying this a few months from now when the developersmighthave actually fixed the major problems in the game (which is a lot of stuff), but for the moment just avoid this."
76561197998818048,Not Recommended,269210,20359827,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bambi is BIG,This game gave me buggrrhoids. My hero died after i quit the multiplayer hardcore game. Invicible flamethrowers killed me. When teleporting from crypt/dungeon and teleporting back I see grass field and can move all over map and my friend says I'm moving all over the place and there´s no grass field. I'm getting killed by projectiles that´s 1-2 meter from my hero. The Sun is a nazi symbol. Go and buy it if you like bugs. Well I don't...
,Not Recommended,269210,19248019,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Majordomo,"I walk into the portal that takes you into the next part of the act, on NORMAL difficulty, I am level 144, and as I'm going through the animation I die due to a poison hidden behind the portal that takes 20% of my a Hp a tick, dang near every quarter of a second.  Ten out of ten. Please fix.(Edit March 4th, 2016)As an ammendment to the first part of this review I would like to say there was a time when I enjoyed this game, and that was when it was a mindless hack and slasher dungeon crawl type game, a little bit like diabolo, however with the mana updates and those being broken I cannot give praise to this game, nor can I recommend (I can recommend it on sale for cheap tho); however, with that said I still support the game (by that I mean buying the expansions), and hold out hope that it will get better then before the addition of mana, that they will fix the broken mana system, the lag and framerate issues, etc. But right now it isn't either fun or enjoyable, and it saddens me greatly. However if it's on sale for 60 cents go for it and buy it."
,Not Recommended,269210,21555097,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Cakeface,"Hero Siege is a (paywalled) Hack 'n' Slash game with (pathetically)roguelike- & (loot grind) RPG elements. Annihilate hordes of (Bad AI) enemies, grow your (mostly pointless) talent tree, grind (player inventory and ui for) better loot and explore up to 6 (DLC) Acts enhanced with (THE MOST!!) beautiful Pixel Art graphics (2 hours with game maker studio can offer)! This game offers countless (a few) hours of (worthwhile) gameplay and up to 4 player online multiplayer (accurate)!If you play hardcore and you die, you can exit the game before it saves your death.  11/10 free flash games have nothing on this."
,Not Recommended,269210,21571069,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ReckedCat,"Edit - update after a year.Game is more or less the same. Balance is still an issue, visuals are still sloppy, UI is uninspired and poorly architected, but at $0.89, it'll certainly be worth your money if you play it for a few hours.That being said, my original review still stands.I can't imagine putting a hundred hours in on this game and falling back on it to really enjoy my time. There are plenty of better options out there.Honestly, wait for the game to mature. I realize it's on sale at time of posting for 90% off. Maybe pick it up and don't play for a while. The whole game seems to be fluctuating on a regular basis, and I wouldn't say I've seen the most mature responses from the development team in their update posts, or forum activity.If you want to drop a couple bucks on it and romp around a little while, have fun, and hopefully you feel the cost-benefit works out in your favor. I'll probably play some more, but I can't say I plan on investing much time or effort into speccing a character until they work out how to apply balances, and stop rubberbanding.Additional notes at time of writing:In-game button prompts and icons are only for Xbox controller. Trying to play with keyboard alone is pretty terrible, and frankly controller controls are wonky due to it being setup to play as a wasd/arrow twin-stick style shooter.Controller vibration, which is on by default, seem to occur whenever you kill an enemy, or get hit yourself. Given the bullet hell and swarm nature of the game, your controller almost never stops rumbling.Melee attack animations on enemies do not seem to line up with visual effects, leading to confusion as to why you take damage.In-game HUD for inventory is unintuitive beyond belief. Current equips on the left, with a center column that displays other equal-typed items (such as other helmets) when you're hovering over an equip slot. While hovering over an equipped item, the far right panel displays that item's detailed description. Selecting into an equip slot lets you navigate the middle pane and swap an equipped item with the item you're selecting (note, the details pane remains pointed towards the currently equipped item). Comparing the actual stats between items requires an additional button press to change the middle navigation into a detail description of the inventory item that is not equipped. Sound confusing? It's equally weird to navigate on your own.Overall, feels like a slap-dash pixel-art port of diablo, and not really in a good way.I plan to keep an eye on it for a while, but it's certainly not great."
,Not Recommended,269210,21678040,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sir Hinerthor Dragonsong,Whelp. If they integrated joining games through steam i would reccomend it. But the way of playing multiplayer now is so stupid. I would not reccomend until they add joining through steam.
,Not Recommended,269210,28418024,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,pp_dro,"Pretty great idea, but the worst execution I've ever seen in my entire life.So freaking bugged, and with such stupid problems, would say childish or even worst.Years later and the game stills unplayble. Not worth a single dolar."
76561198003509514,Not Recommended,269210,21569888,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,シ - 戦闘機二ート,False advertising. Does not have full controller support.
,Not Recommended,269210,24525723,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bryan,they only work on making new dlc instead of new free content
76561197994341025,Not Recommended,269210,14133930,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TheCrownicsz,"This game is so insanely frustrating.I have played quite a lot, but still haven´t gotten past the first act, you´d think that leveling up would make a difference, no. You might as well be level 1 the entire game, since the stuff that will kill you will one-shot you even if you´re at full health of 2k. Should the first act really require a top-level character?No invinciblility-frames, ever.Numerous times I´ve been killed by arrows or something else the first frame when teleporting in to a new area, after killing a boss. Before I even have time to move, let alone react.Especially one boss (the one with the red beams in a rotating cross pattern) is damn near impossible to dodge if you´re not in a good spot to begin with, so he will kill you as soon as he appears on-screen, before you even can see what boss it is. Since you can´t fire diagonally, you´ll have to stand at a straight angle, bam you´re dead.I had this boss on wave 6, 5 times in a row, that didn´t feel very random.Forget about exploring the dungeons, they´re cramped to all hell, and (usually) filled with mobs with 8k health that hit like a ton of bricks. Forget about buying anything in the ""Treasure room"" anything other than stat boosts will be 1k gold or more, and from my experience those rooms only appear when you don´t have enough money.If you get a good relic or wo, you´ll breeze through wave after wave, until something random and unavoidable kills you, sending you back to square one. Very rarely do I die and not have a ""That´s bulls**t""-feeling.Played a little co-op with a friend, after 10 minutes he said "" I will never, ever play this again""What´s even cheaper than the 1-hit kills, randomness and outrageously OP dungeons is the developers adding online multiplayer as DLC, even if it doesn´t cost alot, that´s just weak.""Fututre updates are only for the DLC"" wow, yeah this is getting uninstalled asapI can´t believe this game has a ""Very Positive"" rating."
,Not Recommended,269210,21563543,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Erayne,"I purchased this game and 3 other copies for my friends so I could play online with my friends. Little did I know.....HERO SIEGE HAS THE WORST ONLINE SERVICE IN A VIDEO GAME.I spent hours stumbling trying to get the online multiplayer to work, but it is broken. I had no intention of playing single player, so my money was wasted. Only buy if single player looks kinda fun."
76561198028465736,Not Recommended,269210,21556164,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,KarolineDianne,Just glad I only spend about 50 cents on it.
,Not Recommended,269210,21436336,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,CaptainLuigi,"When I first met my cousin who lives on the other side of the world-it turned out we were both PC Gamers. He showed me Hero Siege for the for the first time and we both really enjoyed it. I buy the game a few months later. I realized there was no more attack speed available for upgrading and it was replaced by mana. I was a bit mad at first but decided to shrug it off because the game was still really good. I was enjoying playing as samuri because I bought all DLC that was available at the time. Later on Wrath of Mevius came out and I coughed up my 3$.Now everything was going fine until todays update. Now my samuri build can not be used. Hours of work crashed and burned because I can not use a single skill because of the overwhelming cost. Even the cheapest skill cost a few hundred more points then I have. They are gonna fix this in around a day I thought. But then I saw the ""act 8 under construction"" area. You are telling me they are making another DLC? When the already partailly broken game due to new updates, now unplayable because of todays is being ingnored because of a DLC we never asked for? Also when they promised Wrath Of Mevius is the last one. WHAT THE F***??? They took out, attack speed. They took out skill charging/cooldown system and replaced with mana. No one liked mana. Then today they took A HATED SYSTEM AND BROKE IT?? AND THEY DON'T TRY AND EVEN FIX PAST PROBLEMS BUT WORK ON MORE $ GRABBING DLCS WHEN WE ALREADY HAVE 4 FOR A SIMPLE ROUGE-LIKE? I'm sorry. I loved this game. Developers ruined it. Please, may a develper respond to this and address what I said here. That would be highly appriciated and the first step to fixing your currently broken game.EDIT 1:The develpors have realized their mistake, and are currently working on the problems created in the last couple of days."
,Not Recommended,269210,28456157,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Serglly,"""Cheep indie-diablo-like"". Great game for a single-play, but not for a multiplayer, it's just doesn't work well."
,Not Recommended,269210,22131768,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,"Hero Siege can be a very nice game like Binding of Isaac with fantasy setting, but...Devs sell storyline DLCs like a ♥♥♥♥ing episodes. Without DLCs you can't complete the whole game.Gameplay is too monotonous. It's a game about grinding. Enemies are different but after a few hours of gameplay you will be bored watching their variations again and again.Multiplayer chars and single player chars are totally different. Like if you spend over9000 hours and get your hero to maximal level and then want to go multiplayer, you will be dissapointed because you must create new character and grind all your levels again. Game does not allow you to import your hero to multiplayer.Also, graphics are cool and detailed.Also, all DLCs require previous DLC."
,Recommended,269210,35058318,Posted: 18 September,all,Megapiplup,Love this game because of the style which is like a hack n' slash. You go around killing monsters and each elvel gets progressively harder. Defenitely addicting.
76561198049746339,Not Recommended,269210,24307157,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Testikills,Dev's main concern seems to be pumping out dlc to make a quick $3-$5 here and there and not about knuckling down and fixing the games core. Almost 30 hours on record me and my mate had a lot fun playing the first few play throughs buy the whole lose all relics and start over everytime + all the bugs is just a huge time waste and feels like there isnt even enough hours in a day to feel like you achieve anything in this game
,Recommended,269210,24010402,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,@mileycyrus,"This game is extremely entertaining, but there are a number of bugs that you'll come across that are just extremely annoying.In multiplayer you'll lose your relics without any explanation. Friend dies when you're in a portal queue? Let me take them relics boy. It's random minor bugs like this that make the game annoying. One HUGE issue with the game is the multiplayer syncronization. What you see isn't what your friends see. When you're doing small tasks like dungeon puzzles, your teammates can mess that up really easily without knowing it, because instead of being a co-op task its four separate singleplayer tasks with invisible multiplayer interactions (wtf?)It's fun to play casually, but for the price you're better off getting a fully developed Loot RPG.I would recommend thsi to the casual player.For players such as myself who love to dive deep into an Loot Hack and Slash RPG, well; Classes are unbalanced to a large degree (scalings on some characters are non existant)Classes you purchase through DLC are often underwhelming (I payed extra pls gimme more)There are tons of glitches and bugs that you'll find annoying.Multiplayer is lots of fun, but the bugs really ruin it.There is no ingame Archive of relics. Anything would help, a log that keeps track of the relic and the description maybe.The main personal thing I'm salty about is the amazon. Why the hell do none of her skills scale? Wtf?"
,Not Recommended,269210,16591976,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FirestarterBob,Game doesn't save. This seems to be an ongoing issue
,Not Recommended,269210,12133519,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,主のハーリ,"This game crosses the line from being inspired to trying too hard to mimic the success of another game. It's clear to anyone that's played or heard about Blizzard's Diablo series that this game takes many things from it, Diablo III in particular. Just from my limited amount of time playing it, I found that it steals too many things from Diablo III for me to look the other way. The rather pathetic copying of material disgusts me, but the overall product coupled with the total lack of creativity makes me unable to enjoy just about anything about this game. I understand that the developers' goal of wanting to make games that harkon to the legendary games of old, but, like I said, this crosses the line from the land of the inspired into lazy money-grab territory.Diablo font? Check. Diablo's names for difficulties (Normal, Nightmare, Hell, Inferno)? Check. Diablo III's champion/elite modifier of spawning stationery rotating lasers? Check. Secret level named and themed around a form of livestock? Check. Treasure goblins that function serve the same purpose as DIII's? Check. What's worse is that I painfully predicted that they would open a portal and disappear if I was unable to kill them, and as soon as it did as I predicted, I sighed in anger. All of these painfully obvious thefts, on top of a game that has very random spikes in difficulty, very little room for skill to play a factor, and poorly designed random elements make for a game that'll also steal your mood and sour it.Anyone who tries to compare this game to The Binding of Isaac does nothing but shame Edmund McMillen's game. The Binding of Isaac has a much better system in place to allow for players' skills to be developed while providing an environment of adequate pace with well-scaling challenge and the expected mystery of randomized rooms."
76561198042112995,Recommended,269210,21333691,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ErebusPhantom,"This game is fun and I love it for that <3.A tip though - Look at the more recent reviews. All the ""Helpful"" reviews aren't really helpful..."
,Not Recommended,269210,18717599,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Machete,Update lixo.
76561198025301599,Recommended,269210,9161819,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"great and very addictive Rogue-like game with top down view and dual stick controls, my only gripe with this game is the cheap deaths you will frequently encounter due to for example traps spawning over your head giving you almost instant death, the good news is one of the developers said he will fix that soon and they are actively working on the game so i would say get this game for sure"
,Not Recommended,269210,16440523,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,strafeh,"Multiplayer is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Trying to play with my friend. Have to go through a tedious process of getting into the Multiplayer servers by signing up for ""PanicNet"" which said every Email and username/password combination is taken. Never recieving the E-Mail. And eventually, only I got it, my friend did not.--Can't even comment on the Multiplayer / Co-Op portion of the game considering I have to hop through more hoops than GTA IV to get into the ♥♥♥♥ing game.GTFO with your DRM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. hang yourselfs devs.Love Fakie"
,Not Recommended,269210,23128138,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ToraTodii,"Never played the game, but I guess I've already been banned for cheating..."
,Recommended,269210,11500033,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Atombath,Diablo + Binding of Isaac = a surprisingly fun arcade action game.
,Not Recommended,269210,22907049,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Los,本体+鲤鱼王DLC原价党表示转投差评游戏频繁更新，更新到几乎没有原样，我并不是玩了半天突然嫌弃。时隔半年我再重新捡起它的时候让我觉得，不仅一心二用，还逐渐变得快餐，整个游戏简直就是不伦不类。+比旧版本相比已经丰富了很多元素，例如装备、地牢和洞穴的随机生成、装备、丰富地图布局等等，再也不是当初那种简单的手游移植。+练级时候先苦后甜的感觉+自带宝物图鉴+不会再纯粹留意怪物是否走到你的身边，怪物有各自的的攻击方式和附加效果-以我个人经验，60级之后整个游戏变得很无聊，除了刷就是刷，成就内容还是要你刷-你获得的宝物、药水大部分只是换个面孔给你增加各项属性。更何况有些宝物真的没什么用，道具复活跟手动重启没有两样，但是上次拿到的宝宝还存在，lol wtf？-更新了快两年bug依旧不断变化机关乱摆放，额外地图挑战失败code error，金币兑换蓝宝石的商人点开对话后无法切换继续毫无征兆的code error-连装备也是给你加各项属性，种类甚至多种多样到懒得画细节-DLC地图和本体地图相连，买多少DLC你就该打完多少才能解锁下一个模式-居然可以中途返回基地，我看已经没心思做rougelike了-这个就算了，你为了让别人买你的dlc，每个dlc画一个人物立绘，我很是佩服有些东西真的还不如旧版本，不过你花2块钱（92off）体验网游般刷怪练级的快感（升级速度简直堪比三流网游）还真是不错（笑）
,Not Recommended,269210,13620115,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,bob dole,"Edit: Multiplayer has been added for free so most below is now moot. Haven't been able to return to game since, but I'm not going to change the negative review because the fact remains that the game was sold in a 4 pack with multiplayer locked behind DLC, so this old review should serve as an indicator of the developers you may or may not be dealing with.READ THIS BEFORE BUYINGIf you  are buying this game to play multiplayer, don't bother. Not only do you have to pay another $3 to buy the DLC in order to access the online component, but the servers are so awful it doesn't even work once you do.I saw this game on sale, bought the 4 pack to gift to three other friends and essentially just provided them with a bill.Why is this even offered in a 4 pack if you're buying a game you can't play with others? At the very least the 4 pack should be complete editions of the game."
76561198009639284,Not Recommended,269210,22507396,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,PandaUmbrella,If you do not know or want to port forward. I wouldn't recommend this game. For it is IM♥♥♥♥INGPOSSIBLE to play with friends if you dont know either. I havent even played it because I can't! The play style is single player.  0/10 wouldn't play
,Recommended,269210,11412483,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Phailshot,"been playing this non stop so ****ing adicting. I beat the game 5 times and it gets better every time. All the classes are cool but the marksman and nomad are my two top classes, archer for mad arrow spray and indestructible sentry's and the nomad for third abillity that spins sandnado's around him, it just kills everything. 11/10 won't stop playing any time soon."
,Recommended,269210,28634212,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,"I shall find the S0årce of this Sååwsherey....(walks deep in the woods with lantern on my left hand)Hagriid cocky ♥♥♥♥er came, its dangerous to go self, (here take this). > sÅåÅåÅÅWSH!"
76561198049504150,Not Recommended,269210,11335669,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Adolf Shitler,"Poor game in my opinion.Hero Siege isn't worth your money, even for 1.49 usd.The combat, regerdless of the class you pick, is boring and repetitive. You just walk backwards in a small, square level trying to fight enemies by holding down the same button/key, occasionally using a special ability.And every level is like this, with a boss battle once in awhile.The game is just an android app badly ported to PC. The menus are clearly optimized for phone screens, and look horribly bulky on PC screens.But the worst part of this game is trap spawning. I keep getting killed when I'm walking around due to a trap spawning under my feet. I have no control over this, and it makes for a pretty bad rage quit.2/10, would not reccomend.If I could give three words to describe this game, they would be boring, repetitive, and aggrivating."
,Recommended,269210,32405935,Posted: 14 June,all,Kimchi,"Great game to play with a couple of friends. There are many bugs that appear throughout the game, but even with it, it is insanely fun.Con:Insanely laggy when there are tons of projectiles on the screen."
,Recommended,269210,24043202,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lyff (inactive til 2018),+fun+multiplayer+good soundtrack+good atmosphere+worth it-sometimes 2 easy
76561197999859417,Not Recommended,269210,11528566,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Heartofdarkness,First of all this game said multiplayer before I bought it and it wasn't. Then now its multiplayer and I have to buy multiplayer mode? Not even worth it now. It was fun while it lasted.
76561198094402590,Not Recommended,269210,30537177,Posted: 15 March,all,Great Yay!,"The game is good enough. It performs its function - it brings joy. Except for one thing:Were purchased by the DLC from Collector's Edithion, and after 8-10 hours of play all the content just disappeared. The reinstallation of the game did not yield results. In the support service, my protests were ignored in both my native language and in English. I did not even bother to return the DLC to me, if it was taken from me because of my mistakes, possible attempts to get into game files and so onTherefore, the reason for my angry comments is the absolute incompetence of the support service. Absolutely not advise buying this game, even if you really want."
76561198146790064,Recommended,269210,34154199,Posted: 10 August,all,jizz boi,ok so like i like this game very many sorry bad english im from americaanyway like too much money to spend to get to play morethank
,Not Recommended,269210,20155004,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hyke,"You don't buy the entire game without the DLCs. You'll spend five times more than the base game on DLCs, and is just moneygrabbing. The game is fun, but not worth all this."
76561198066382999,Recommended,269210,34128143,Posted: 9 August,all,ｎｅｒｏ,"Decent game, decent performance. For the price, its insanely good."
,Recommended,269210,34491884,Posted: 25 August,all,Jade Lark,Play this with friends or others online don't try soloing you'll get mad and lose your gear. Fabulous game otherwise
,Not Recommended,269210,22188168,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,yellowMackintosh,"Most of what you are reading is basically ""MANA UPDATE AND ITEM WIPE RUINED IT"". Now this consistency might sound circlejerky and immature at first examination. But it is completely true, and it is why a game I used to play for multiple hours at a time, I can now only muster 15-20 minutes of before I drop it for at least a month. It hurts that a game that I was once addicted too, that I've bought all the DLC for, now is completely unsatisfying. Please don't let the ""Very Positive"" label fool you, those positive reviews are outdated.Early game:Basically a top down fast hack slash with RPG elements that took a lot of design choices from The Binding of Isaac (I highly recommend TBOI, go play any version of that instead, it is what you are looking for if you like a game like this.) You would fight five waves and a boss in areas, and after five areas you would move on to an act boss and finally the next act. Dungeons and shops have the chance to spawn after each wave in each area. (This hasn't changed)Each character has a skill tree and stats to apply. Among the character tree are both passive and active skills with level requirements. Active skills could always be activated whenever off cooldown, encouraging expirimentation with how they combo together and how best to use them in sequence. The skills are binded a bit akwardly, but can be gotten used to, taking up 1234 slots and not slots closer to the WASD buttons like Q, E, R, and F, or something similar.Honestly the game took some grinding, as even though skill and stat points applied are permanent, they serve more to augment which of your characters stats or skills does end up more prominent than others. Relics found in dungeons, bought in shops, or picked up at the end of areas heavily help your character, giving certain passive or active skills, or even just certain stat boosts. The actual combat was pretty fun in a lot of ways, so the difficulty due to health/armor constraints disappeared the longer you play or the farther you get. An inventory with items [still constricted to your current run I think?] was introduced. It didn't have too much depth, but it was just starting and there were some items that made getting skills above your level requirement possible, so it was pretty nice. It doesn't pause the game for it though, so you have to be fast. It is made easy by the side by side comparison of the currrent and new item, and the simplicity of the choice of either replacing or dropping.Definitely wasn't perfect, and didn't have the greatest balance, but it still managed to be fun, at least for me, so w/e. :) Multiplayer was in development, quite buggy, but it was exciting to think that online co-op was coming.Changes:I had dropped the game for a bit due to other games grabbing my attention (Dota 2, TF2, Half-Life series, etc.), nothing I mentioned before really forced me away. But the combination of all this new stuff is ....eh.SUDDENLY MANA. Not only does this add a constraint to gameplay that maintained a lot of its fun due to fast combos of spells for some classes or spammable spells for others, mana costs grow exponentially for all skills per points put into them. This means gameplay is nearly permanently slower forever. Fun crashes to lowest levels yet. Pre-existing characters suffer the most, as the  more skill points they have, the more trouble they have now that they have nowhere near enough points into this new attribute that controls mana. Experience for levels also still grows exponentially it seems, so it isn't easy to grind the stat points needed.Items you had are wiped as the inventory is complicated. You can hold onto items now however, you can't just walk over items to pick them up (this might of been how it was in the original actually so scratch that?), the inventory controls are now clunkier and laggy to accomadate, and you still aren't paused, meaning you can still die while struggling to navigate your even more complicated interface. You can't just add more button presses to just equip an item without allowing the player more time to do so. This can be circumvented with only fiddling with your inventory at the end of areas, but it still is slow and a bit frustrating.From what I've noticed, the grinding and difficulty issues haven't been really fixed, but I can hardly play this for any comparable duration, so what do I know? I guess I only have my complete disinterest in the game as of now to control my decision making  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ KappaMultiplayer is a bit more playable, but there are still many issues.... yuck.There is now a town warp that helps with reaching end game content which might help some with grinding and has some odd stuff (A beach ball and a probable boss rush maybe?). Has some pale excuses for NPC's, and an acheivement for not ignoring this new yet bare bones looking feature. Could work if I could stand playing this for longer...?Okay, I'm definitely being repetitive with how it isn't as enjoyable, but it is a main part of why I liked this so much. The balancing is awkward, the controls are a bit weird, and the grinding has always been a bit of tedium. But there was also the satisfying times of sequencing or spamming spells, and finding more and more relics to majorly augment my run kept me hooked despite it not being a ""great game"". This was a guilty pleasure of mine. But I now I feel with these changes I've been pushed back into the grinding, and it will be even harder for me to find enjoyment in it to the same extent due to the limitations of the new game. I mean, I haven't even had personal experience with the apparently horrible staff. (All I know is that from the time I followed the creator's twitter he was often quite bratty) Play something else. Save yourself the time."
,Not Recommended,269210,21675850,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mike Litoris,"This game looks fun, but when you start to play it, it only gives you a couple of characters, with no idea of what they do, you don't get a tutorial or anything, and you don't understand what you have to do until you die ten times. this game is just boring and not fun"
,Not Recommended,269210,28176600,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ingcake,"Your ability choices won't matter, because you will immediately get equipment that levels up all of your abilities.It's a bullet-hell, but it has a ton of screen-filling, non-damaging animations that obscure the damaging ones. Look forward to dying to things you never saw.The meta is as weird as can be. I played the archer/ranger/whatever class. One of the two abilities available at level 1 was ""jump backwards, leaving a trail of fire behind you."" First, this lets you clear obstacles... including gates to bosses that would otherwise be locked by a puzzle or a long fight. Second, this move is a linear AoE attack with high dps. It turns out that the first two worlds are best cleared by just running backwards at crowds of enemies, then jumping over them right before reaching them to set them all on fire. The bosses could be interesting, but I wouldn't know. They all died in one to three jump'n'burns."
76561198136764622,Not Recommended,269210,21827425,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,fabioecco,"What wasn't told here: This is not a full game. Despite the 7 portals (acts) at the town, this game has only 4 acts and then it finishes and unlocks nightmare mode and so on. You will not fight Damian, the villain on the trailer, unless you buy the DLCs (I saw at least 3). There is also a 8 act described as ""under construction"".There are 12 classes, but 5 are locked due it's exclusiveness.There are 8 NPCs on town, but only 2 will be usefull for trade purposes. The others are probably from DLC's quests.I bought it on a sale, VERY VERY cheap. The normal price is just unworthy. Wait for a sale if you are curious.Other topics:Gameplay: It's just a regular hack n' slash/shooter game in 8 bits style. Attack anything that moves (and also what doesn't), collect loot, upgrade, repeat all three steps forever. You can't shoot diagonally (what is awful). As you level up, the screen gets more and more crowded with enemies and traps. The AI is dumb and monsters get stucked on walls or outside the playable zone.Story: It doesn't has. There is a couple of NPCs just for trade purposes.Customization: New gear don't change character's appearance, there is a shop outside the game, where you can buy gear just for sake of style. The skill tree doesn't allow character building, it's linear.That is it."
,Not Recommended,269210,21864822,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sgt Brett,Play 10 months ago.... pretty dank little game. Come back and play again last week... What the ♥♥♥♥ happened?
76561198014403448,Not Recommended,269210,22103096,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,taindakia,"The game was fun. The key is WAS. When I first bought the game I thought it was super fun. It was challenging, it was not based around gear and more so of the skill of your character. Then the game became less challenging and everything started to spiral downward from there. The dev messed around with it way too much so I cannot recommend the game anymore. If I would have bought it today I would refund it same day. It is a completely different game then it was when I bought it about a year ago. It is more worth while to spend your money on food then this game."
,Not Recommended,269210,26524254,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Tobeyyy,It sucks.
,Not Recommended,269210,14247667,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tom (Cryohazard),"I don't like this game much, which surprises me.It has everything you'd want from a game attempting to blend Binding of Isaac with Diablo II, but despite the wealth of stuff to do, the game justfeelswrong to play- attacks are either insubstantial or monstrous, and there's no way to tell whether something is going to kill you in one shot or barely tickle you.It's not something I'd recommend to anyone when there are so many better roguelite options out there."
76561197986810547,Not Recommended,269210,11307300,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,IS DAT SUM CHIKKIN,I was like aw yeah this game is great. Can't wait for the multiplayer to come out so I can play online with friends. And then it cost 2.99 because it's DLC. Are you kidding me? You can't even offer just the multiplayer to those who bought the original game? I really liked this game but now it's worth nothing to me. Total trash tier.
76561197983432651,Not Recommended,269210,11694969,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,malladram,"Grind,die,repeat."
,Not Recommended,269210,30629447,Posted: 19 March,all,Vrah,"The gameplay is boring and is just a big grind. I regret buying, but it was so cheap I didn't feel the need to refund. A win I guess?"
,Recommended,269210,34193368,Posted: 12 August,all,wcs294680648,what about the mini map?????
76561198260677738,Recommended,269210,34108292,Posted: 8 August,all,Jinkojak,"I know I don't have much playtime, but I'm gonna get a lot more.  This game is pretty fun, one of the best action RPGs I've played so far.  It's very easy to get used to and has some chaotic fun.  Easy to play with friends and a relatively helpful community."
,Not Recommended,269210,16736515,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Asbel Lhant,"Devs of this game became stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, literally"
76561198174794606,Not Recommended,269210,29207810,Posted: 12 January,all,Weedzard,"Well If you own a Mac, don't buy it. It doens't work anymore on such system.I used to like it though, it's pretty a shame."
76561198028496338,Recommended,269210,34628141,Posted: 31 August,all,shawn37,"Excellent. Diablo 2 meets arcade action.I've played every D2 clone from Champions of Norath to Grim Dawn. The wasd controls make it very unique, yet this parody is more true to spirit of its genre than so many of the others.If you like RPG action hack and slash, this is for you."
76561198045634495,Not Recommended,269210,21821652,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Steve,"OMG I can't believe how the DEV exploit the users. FIRST you buy the game with you hard earned money and then you get banned for nothing in the multiplayer just WOW. Its impressive that you can get banned for nothing, I didnt even played it for more than  7 hours. Get your game FIXED!"
76561198034244413,Not Recommended,269210,21635989,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The Professional Gentleman,This game started out great but after many patches and poor coding and resets of stats items and much more it’s not fun anymore. So if you like getting top gear and a week later either losing it or having its stats reset to basically garbage then this is the game for you. I spend good money on this game got all the DLC and at this point honestly if I could get my cash back I would. Way to go it’s really a shame this game was really really great.
76561198046278812,Not Recommended,269210,21659713,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jesty,"The game itself is alright really it's alright.The Devs though and their diehard fan base because they don't know any better, yea their not that great.You can try to talk about or try to get an explanation for something but you'll just get completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t replies as well if the Dev's comment their quite rude and fail to see an issue with the game though many people reply on the example thread agreeing with the person complaining about the game.Just kind fo sad."
,Not Recommended,269210,21635237,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Foolish Mexican,This game literally gave me terminal cancer in my colon and my frontal lobe. I then got chemo therapy and died of the rays that came from this cancerous game. Please take this crap of a game down. I am actually going to commit suicide.
76561197998613583,Not Recommended,269210,21648974,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Aragath NL,"I was a fan of this game, but it only got downhill after the mana update. The loot system was good, the dlcs good.But now they want to make the game like diablo 3 or torchlight. And this is not that kind of game. It was a good addicting arcade arpg, and now it's a mess..."
76561198147072847,Not Recommended,269210,35456909,Posted: 3 October,all,Some_guy,"Ok. So I actually am trying to like this game.I mean, I like it.But sometimes (and I mean at least a couple times per day) this game ""works"".It can suddenly stop loading a certain map, or a certain boss-fight. Or just remove all the relics from you on using town-portal.The so-called ""Hard core"" mod has a lot of bugs.The game itself has a lot of lags.After 85 hours in this game I don't think I can turn a blind eye on all the tech issues anymore.But hey! They've got a new map coming out soon! What a joke."
,Recommended,269210,13126175,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ks,nice game
,Not Recommended,269210,28858006,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,- Sirr,"- Paid dlcs are pretty much the only way to unlock more content. (greedy devs?)- Multiplayer is broken in many ways and probably will always be. (Unplayable, trust me.)- Interface is uh.. I don't know.- Again, multiplayer sucks.  Lots of bugs that's been there for months.. don't buy this just for multiplayer. You will regret.Singleplayer is great tho. I had lots of fun with it.Want mainly multiplayer? Don't buy it.I also highly recommend you to not pay full price for it."
,Not Recommended,269210,14417871,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vertikaalinen Vittu,No.
,Not Recommended,269210,34117485,Posted: 8 August,all,smackman82,"If Diablo became a Flash game, then got really buggy, this would be it."
,Not Recommended,269210,14963183,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,jg61950,Even after the few new updates. This game is still rough to like and thats being generous. It was fun for a while until they keep adding new bugs to the multiplayer portion of the game.
,Not Recommended,269210,15008660,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Celador,"I am honestly confused about this game so far. I keep trying to play it from time to time but always end up failing miserably, annoyed and bored.Out of the characters i've tried the necromancer seemed like and easier choice, with his ""pets"" distracting and protecting you rather than directly engaging enemies and yet... i keep dying over and over and over and over again, never able to achieve the next stage, despite being level 13 already.Personally i believe that this game is just too hard and the reason for this is not the enemies themselves but rather the environment which looks very similar and often masks projectiles and traps which end up killing you most of the times.I've enjoyed playing it with the controller for some time but constantly failing, unable to restart the wave i died upon, makes me bored and i lose interest in this game very fast indeed. In fact every time i play i feel like im either missing the point of this game or simply doing something wrong.I wish there was an option to select ""meh"" or ""idk"" when posting reviews because this is exactly how i feel about this game.I will vote it down simply on the basis of poor level design and effects which are hard to distinguish and easy to miss, also the rumble on the controller is done poorly - for example it constantly rumbles when enemies hit my pets which is distracting and confusing."
76561198049001653,Not Recommended,269210,23284708,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ZelX,buggy
76561198141524044,Not Recommended,269210,16886210,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,{SBG} Fizzy,1:Kill Stuff2:Kill Even More Stuff3:Level Up So You Can Kill More Stuff4:Maka Da MonayzzzzWould r8 2/8 m8
76561197971717598,Not Recommended,269210,18607606,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Elementalist,"Yes, I've only played it for minutes, but you can't shoot at angles, even diagonals, and the monsters can?...  Nice idea, but some really odd design choices... Maybe I'll come back to it and give a better review..."
,Recommended,269210,35105763,Posted: 21 September,all,MatMostWanted,I stopped playing for a while a few years ago as it was frustrating especially beause the multiplayer was buggy. I only gave the game a second chance just a few months ago and it was the best decision I ever made. For me who just wants to have a really strong character it is addictive as for me. If your someone who likes to grind for rewards and good loot then this is what you need. There may be a few bugs left and right but if you ignore them then you can have fun.
76561197988859028,Not Recommended,269210,13667473,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,archmando,"Binding of Isaac-like random powerups, level progression and hack'n'slash, sounds great!Too bad the basic gameplay is crazy repetitive and the feeling of progression is not there with the current skill/attribute system. Example: The Viking has a skill Stoneskin unlocked somewhere around level 18, which gives you 1% chance to ""gain a massive boost"" to armor. This massive boost is 5 points of armor, which translates into 1% damage reduction. The skill doesn't mention when does this happen, nor how long does the effect last. Most of the skills and attributes are equally underwhelming and most of the information is either hidden or wrong (Pirate lvl1 skill at rank 1 claims to do 25000 damage, lvl28 skill at rank 1 claims to do around 40, neither is even near correct).The main thing you're collecting is money, but the only place to spend it appears randomly (high chance that you'll get too much money to spend). Most of the items sold are just minor stat gains for this particular run. When your Pirate has a good chance to shoot a cannonball for 1000 damage, you really don't care about that +5 strength which would give you about 2 damage per attack.Chances are, that the game is balanced for ""end game"", but I can't seem to find the fun in trying to reach there. Was fun for a few hours, could've been way better (and apparently has been, if other reviews can be believed).TL;DR: Your generic minion available to all classes hits harder than you. If you don't care about any details how the game progression works and like hacking away, this game might still suit your needs."
,Not Recommended,269210,25772081,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Pentacle Torn,"Avoid like the plague, incompetent devs break the game further and further with each new patch.Turned it into endless brainless grind, everyone just switching from one ridiculously overpowered class to the next and each patch is delayed for 2 weeks for ""testing and making sure everything works"" after which everything doesn't work. The game just keeps getting worse and worse the more they toy around with it.The game has a hardcore mode, use this only if you don't mind dropping dead randomly due to bugs, crashes and lag.EDIT:  Came back to the game after half a year, game still sucks. Bugs still not fixed after half a year, only 2-3 classes are actually viable to play, more cosmetic♥♥♥♥♥♥added to blind the stupid masses into thinking it's being worked on.As of this moment the EU servers have been down for more than 2 days but devs are too busy playing Overwatch to fix it, that says all there is to say about this game.Even free this game is too expensive for what it offers."
,Not Recommended,269210,21919640,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Immortal Smoke,You only get multiplayer if you buy the DLC.
76561198017932068,Not Recommended,269210,20234371,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rukkirääk,"Sadly, multiplayer never works, and there is nothing to to do ingame without it. Just another money scumming."
76561198044571814,Not Recommended,269210,14186226,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Tahu!,"I do not reccommend this game at all, unless it goes on sale for less then $4. The so-called ""twin-stick, gauntlet style/diablo/binding of isaac/etc"" gameplay is not at all relateable, and the game turns into a hold an attack direction and wait for either an ability to go off cooldown (every 15 or so seconds) or have an ability proc an additional effect when you hit an enemy with a basic attack.When you level up in this game, you get a tiny bit of health, and a tiny bit of damage. The game jokingly gives you the option of increasing Health, Attack Speed, Defense, and Damage. You can dump every point into damage, defense or attack speed, and you will notice zero difference. What kind of damage increment is a FRACTION of one point of damage, when monsters have increasingly high scaling health in the thousands and tens of thousands within a few hours of gameplay? What is 0.01% damage protection and attack speed?? Why would they have increments so damn minor they don't even matter?? At least with the health upgrade, you can maybe survive another hit with enough points... but therein lies the next problem.This game has no difficulty curve, especially on one player. Eventually, you will be put in a situation where an attack is unnavoidable, because a projectile/enemy ability will FLASH across the screen (or off-screen) and hit you, which causes immediate death . Worse yet, enemies are capable of stunning and freezing you, even some common enemies, and they may continue to keep you locked in place permanantly until death.Virtually every boss in the game has an ability that kills you in one hit from what I've found in my three hours of gameplay. It's so horribly painful to spend so much time grinding, just to be one-shot by something you couldn't avoid. Bosses are not fun to fight....With all that being said, the reason why I -do- like this game, is because it can be fun if you are looking for some silly mindless gameplay, especially if you are the sort that likes to grind for items. Don't get me wrong, the game is still horrible through-and-through, but random luck streaks are always exciting. But the time and price investment simply do not outweigh the issuesOn a final note, multiplayer is still broken. So I guess it's permanantly single-player for a lot of folks in any case."
,Not Recommended,269210,15966819,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rogerio Castro,"Hero siege bug as ♥♥♥♥, dont buy this piece of trash"
,Not Recommended,269210,21572169,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Coljack,I spent literally less than a dollar on this and I still regret my purchase.
,Not Recommended,269210,20739077,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SDola,"Bugs make this game unplayable... I crash when I try and enter a dungeon, I crash when a boss is summoned, all I get is a 'fatal error' and poof. It's incredibly frustrating and I don't understand how a game could have so many problems and be deemed 'completed', I have played games in Beta that run better than this and they're not just indie graphics with basic commands.Also, it's definitely not my computer/internet and as I understand many MANY others have had the exact same issues.It's a great game otherwise (when I  actually play and I'm not swearing in frustration at another white screen) and hope the the developers fix these issues before putting out any more DLC."
,Not Recommended,269210,21558805,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ato0theJ,"Not a fan of the new system. A shame, considering I had high hopes for the game.Oh well."
76561198148403163,Not Recommended,269210,22915528,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,caiusfilimon,"The multiplayer doesn't work.At least it's extremely cheap right now (half a pound).Seems like a decent game but I only really bought it to play with friends, and that's not allowed. It's a waste of money, albeit a tiny amount of money.Not recommended until they fix the multiplayer.If you want to play it single player, please look for another review. I don't think it worth my time to play singe player."
,Not Recommended,269210,34276512,Posted: 16 August,all,buddypun,can't even use mouse to click the buttonsneed to click a lot of different buttons on keyboard to even check the attributes of an itemreally irritating
,Recommended,269210,13187976,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"A very good rogue like game for cheap. Quick, easy, and ton of fun to play. More information here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5k0ujOM_QABasically, you can be a redneck that throws molotov cocktails and fires flaming tires at their enemies.Seriously, how can you go wrong? Good repetitive but fresh gameplay."
76561198113692126,Not Recommended,269210,30020949,Posted: 18 February,all,ScrufflesGaming,"Dont buy anything, i bought the horse head for 555 crystals (which is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton) and then, i went to the shop to see what else they had, and BOOM ""oh sorry you dont have the horse head anymore"" great game theyre running here"
,Recommended,269210,31880644,Posted: 21 May,all,DarrylSSY,Super fun but full of bugs
76561197972292762,Recommended,269210,13631029,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,disky,"Bought in the sale, played it two player with my son, had a great time. Its complex at first a lot of things can kill you.two player is a lot more forgiving than single player because isntead of game over on death you can revive each other.So much content here.. Happily recommend."
76561197983672075,Not Recommended,269210,17060186,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,DaetherX,"Meh.I'm surprised by the ""very positive"" reviews.You grind and grind the same area box over and over until you get the right class level, and get the right items on this life to beat the boss then move on to the next stage. You can't shoot diagonally, while the enemies can. The power selection for each class is pretty limited. (edit added: However the variety of classes, all with different skillsets, is pretty good and have nice flavor. This is one of the highlights of the game.) Wait until a sale and the game with all DLC is a couple bucks. It's underwhelming but not ""bad"". Mediocre. (edit added: Fun for a few minutes every now and then. Something I might play in between other games when I'm burned out on my other arcade-style/rogue-like games. This review is based on playing single splayer only. I cannot speak about aspects of multiplayer.)Plus the devs and moderators on the forum are the type to delete posts and love controlling others.I guess they got tired of people questioning their decisions and just deleted all replies and locked the thread. If not for this poor behaviour I wouldn't have reviewed the game."
,Not Recommended,269210,21562142,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,-TacticalMagoN,This game suck. Do not buy
,Not Recommended,269210,22898328,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NoticeMeSenpai ♥♥♥,not much people playing. in 5 hours play more than 10 time crash.. getting annoyed. fix your game. piece of junk.
76561198017065080,Not Recommended,269210,14399986,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Cheapzz<3,"Game is worth trying if you don't know what to do with your 5 euro.The idea of mixing Diablo and The binding of isaac (2 of my favourite games) should make this game one of the best retro/rpg/roguelike game on Steam. BUT it's also the most bugged game I've ever played. It shouldn't be ever released, it's almost unplayable. It should be in closed beta stage. Even MInecraft in ALPHA had less bugs than this.Unfortunatelly it seems that Develpopers don't give a f. and prefer to make DLC's to make more money they don't deserve. They forgot that first of all they should FINISH the basic version of the game and THEN start making DLC's or whatever they want.As long as devs won't fix bugs in this game definitely not gonna buy any DLC's. Maybe someday.. ehh hope the mother of fools.."
76561198144037361,Recommended,269210,11310932,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,conan4599,This is a great game. Can't wait until they remove the whole port forwarding thing.
,Not Recommended,269210,33868247,Posted: 28 July,all,Morm,"Not really a Roguelike (or lite or whatever), just a poor action RPG  where you have to defeat waves and waves of monsters."
,Recommended,269210,16704686,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Calcite- a.⍦,"The game itself is very fun to play though there are many bugs that destroys the game, but otherwise great hack 'n' slash game 7.5 / 10"
76561198196847573,Recommended,269210,22952257,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Thunda_man,"nice diablo styled game, not your usaual rpg classes but hey it's still fun and much funnier woth friends. Dlc to bit too expense and game gets a bit repetitve.nice game-6.8/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,22695487,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BabyRabbi,"The game itself is good. I just have 2 main problems with it -Nothing is explained. Nothing.There is no tutorial, no pop-up boxes, nothing. You have to figure out everything yourself. I understand that people don't like it when a game babysits the player and holds their hand, but this is the complete opposite. You create a character, and nothing is explained. You have to figure out all controls and buttons by yourself, you have to figure out how the items menu works (and the items menu is GOD AWFUL, atleast I think it's the item menu. Its just a bunch of random sized boxes and one has a chest, and if you open it its just 6 more random sized boxes appear.) The skills menu is okay, because its obvious. It tells you what skills mean and you already know what mana, health and things such as that are. You start the game by spawning into a village, and thats it. I literally went around and talked to every single person. Nobody told me anything. I got an acheivment for joining a Coffee club, though... cool?After the beginning, which confused me for 5 whole minutes trying to figure out what to do, I realized I had to walk into the Act 1 Portal all the way to the left of the town. I tried standing on the pedestal next to it for a whole minute trying to get in before realizing that the pedastals in front of it are useless and you have to walk into the actual portal. There were about 6 circles and one had an insignia on it, I thought that was me and I had to step on it. Anyway, I start the first act and enemies jump out at me on all sides. Spiders, rats, skeletons. I start holding down left click and firing, and eventually killed a lot of them. After this I got the hang of a little bit, but I still don't understand how items and specific things work. Nothing is explained to you, you have to figure all of it out on your own.My second problem with the game is this: It gets boring, very quickly. VERY quickly. Usually in a game such as this, there are ways to keep the player excited and interested during waves and battles. For example, Orcs must Die or Dungeon Defenders add towers, and you want to keep fighting to keep getting better towers. Something like that, just something special to seperate the game from just running around and fighting...thats basically what this game is. The game (or Atleast Act 1 as I played it) Is literally just running around in circles in a very small, boring map while holding down left click and occasionally going to my stats to click some buttons after I level up. I assume the game gets fun when its more fast paced, but it starts off so slowly, I don't understand how somebody could have fun trying to get into this game. I greatly enjoy games of this genre (Hack N' Slash enemies coming in waves), and I will play this game farther to see if it gets more interesting or helps me out, but so far, the game has a tedious and boring start and the rest of the game doesn't look very promising. I got this game on sale for .99 cents late last year, so if you really want to see if this game is alright, pick up during the summer sale or something, maybe you'll get your money's worth.Oh yeah, I should probably say this too, you get a few classes when you start. About 6-7. The rest (about another 5-6) are locked behind a paywall. Not just .99 cents per class, nope. Each comes with a DLC pack. So if you want all the classes, you have to buy all the DLC, and all the DLC together is about 30$. There is quite a bit of content locked behind a paywall. So if your okay with paying 6$ for the game and 29.92$ for the missing chunk of content, be my guess. This game is like looking at the Mona Lisa (We'll say this represents the video game genre) and asking if you could have another painting like that for a cheap price. You pay 6$ and get a nice painting of a man, but its colored with such vivid strangeness you can't tell what your looking at until you look it up. After you look at the painting a bit, you realize that the top right corner of the mans face is missing in the painting, and you have a giant hole in the middle. You ask for the middle and they charge you 30$ For it.That sounds stupid, but that's basically what this game is. A decent game with a fair chunk of it locked behind a greedy scheme to take more money out of you, and such a poor presentation that it can be hard to get into, especially if you're knew to this genre. If you want to play a good game in this genre, try Orcs Must Die (2), Dungeon Defenders, or just play Zombies on Call of Duty. I hate Call of Duty, but I would probably enjoy playing Naz' Zombies with my friends doing 4 player couch co-op then being restricted to only 2 players with no introduction or assistance to the player.Edit: Something I forgot to mention, I hope the whole game isn't like this, but Act 1 is very...dark. The screen is very dark black and you have a small ring of light around you. That kind of thing just doesn't seem right with me, I feel like having a dark room and you can't see anything but the enemy's health bar just doesn't work for this type of game."
76561198086150003,Recommended,269210,27831984,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,胸毛哥哥,没有中文，一脸懵逼
,Recommended,269210,21437569,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Reversal,One of the most fun games I've ever had playing with friends. Can truly recommend this!
76561198012214777,Not Recommended,269210,11237266,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Neonivek,"I got this for rather cheap so luckly it paid for itself but at its regular price just be careful.In this game you fight waves after waves of monsters using a rather scant diablo like set up, and hillariously terrible voice acting which is a plus (though judging by the lumberjack with a chainsaw, that may be intentional). The monsters generally just walk into you and deal their damage, they don't attack you so to speak. After completing enough of a stage certain features will open up such as dungeons and level features, inside they are usually puzzles, boss fights, and trap guantlets.Each character has about 4 action skills (mostly attacks) and usually a few buffs that either enhance their attack or one of their skills. Some of the characters are pretty creative with their attack skills and some feel oddly basic. Don't expect long and complicated trees.But the shortcommings of this game make itself apperant. Some abilities do not have an obvious use but most of all what should be a serious test of skill. Difficult enemies almost always have a death attack that is difficult to avoid, in otherwords to make the game tougher they intentionally try to get a few cheap hits in. There is no real inventory to speak of... You can do the dungeons but they might just outright kill you with no hope for you to win. Collecting potions is the most deadly thing you can do as you will stand still for a second, enough time to be hit by a trap or boss.Add in that this game has a cash shop, and you will see where they will be trying to earn some cash off of you... and a lot in this game costs crystals and they constantly have it up in front. For example renaming your character costs crystal and respecing your character costs crystal. You can earn crystal in game but don't expect to earn anywhere close to enough. You start off with a generous amount, assuming my 750 was typical, so getting to the end of the game and then respecing might be a good idea. The fact that 50% of the options menu is cash shop (with bright flashing crystals showing to draw your eyes)... can get on your nerves.All in all this game is alright... but there are a lot of diablo-like games and even ""Waves and waves of enemies you must kill"" and even ""trap guantlet"" games that do this genre so much better that even for the price I got it for (a dollar) I can't recommend it.However, this feels like a game that I dislike but that others will enjoy. So please consult other reviews."
,Not Recommended,269210,34022880,Posted: 4 August,all,Antidiote,"i'm giving up on this game. even after setting everything (graphics) to low, the game still runs in slow motion — it's not lag, it's just bad code. this could be such a good game, it's Diablo inspired and i'm the biggest fan of Diablo. funny thing: Diablo 3 runs smoothly in my machine and this game doesn't run at all, it's just frustrating."
,Not Recommended,269210,26098976,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,IvanLeTerrible,"Boring and Repetitive As FʊckFirst the good things: Great Pixel art, very good and responsive controls, so many skills and rpg system to mess around but... thats it.The whole game you spend basically locked inside a close space with waves of monsters spawning to get you, then after some boring griding, theres a boss. And then the circle goes on and on... Its like they took of all that was fun on Diablo and left only the boring griding shɪt.Cant play the game for more than 15 minutes after getting bored to death by how repetitive it is.Go play Diablo or Path of Exile instead.I Rate it 2.0/5.0"
,Not Recommended,269210,14564813,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Minx,"Obviously, the game is not finished and very raw. Likewise, I certainly feel absolute disrespect of developers to their players.First and foremost, the game is full of bugs. At every step, at every option you can run into a bug and lost hours of playing, joy, and temper. A lot of crushes, disappearing of items, random generation collisions, menu bugs, ...The second thing is gameplay dis-balance. In fact, there are no any balance. It's a mess of features, monsters, skills, ... Some of skills are totally useless, some of character's features can easily kill any monster or boss. Items are random and it means that in some cases you won't have keys to open a door and no chance to get it. Likewise, you can occasionally get extremely powerful item in the beginning or completely loss some of skills (for example, speed in two times).The third one is the graphic. Some people name it pixel. But it is not a pixel. It's a collection of schoolboy scribbles. There are no any style, clutter of colours, discrepancy everywhere, total disproportion of everything, ... This mess really hurts my eyes.The fourth one is the music and the sound. I suppose it's personal, but I couldn't play with music and sound of the game. I turned it off. It's hard for me. I know a few people who like music like that, but it's not my cup of tea.From my perspective, the best description of the game is the trash. Total Trash. (it's not bad or good, maybe you like trash)I really tried to understand the game, but I failed. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,269210,9058197,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ElyCyan,"This game got boring fast. It is an autoattacking game where the items you pick up only affect the strength and speed of your autoattacks. There are no abilities, and the few active items that exist seem to just be different additional autoattacks. That being said, it gets boring fast. The reviews that are drawing comparisons to Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy are seriously unrating the game mechanics of those two games. This game is extremely shallow in terms of depth -- it doesn't come close to comparing. I can only guess this is why there are no let's plays of this game on YouTube or reviews anywhere; it is boring to play and EXTREMELY boring to watch.It would be an amusing $1 purchase on a phone or tablet (or free with ads), but I could never recommend this to anyone anywhere near the $10 asking price on the PC when there are much better games available.(Also the voice work is laughibly bad. Not enough to detract from the game but it is amusing to me how terrible it is.)"
,Recommended,269210,30461029,Posted: 11 March,all,Kimbold,Bought it for 60 cents during the sale and played it with friends.Bugged through a wall and couldn't get my loot.Later on in the game there must've been bugs because I didn't take any damage from bosses while my mates died.10/10.Worth the money (super cheap for 60 cents) but seriously please fix all the bugs and server issues!Besides that - amazing game :)
,Recommended,269210,13171713,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,An Actual Bear,"EditIt's been a while since this review's been up and originally I'd given this a negative review. I had people commenting and messaging me telling me the game's been changed quite a bit and I should check it out. And I did. This is what I've discovered.The difficulty has evened out quite a bit. My main gripe wasn't so much the difficulty itself as much as it was it's erratic curve. I made a new guy, a necromancer, and decided to play as far as I could, noting how far I've gotten each time I died. First time I died was to the first boss which is understandable. I was playing a squishy character and I'll admit the death was my fault. Second time I died I'd just killed the first boss and didn't notice all the skeleton archers. Third time I died was at the second boss. Each time I died I learned from my mistake, got stronger and got farther every time. It's tough but it's my kinda tough. I like it. Good job fixing that up fellas.I also enjoy how easy it is to get right back into the game and breeze through the easy waves. You can skip a bunch of waves at one time and take on all the monsters at once to quickly get to the boss. This is perfect for a game this difficult.I still have a bit of a problem with the voice acting. I've said this before but if you can't get great voice acting then don't get voice acting at all. Sound effects or just simple grunts and yells would do just fine. I do however love the sound design. In a game where you're killing things ad nauseam it's really important to make it feel good when you defeat an enemy. They make good gorey sounds and explode in a huge mess. The music doesn't get repetative either but it sure as hell gets stuck in my head. So yeah. Great sound design, bad voice acting.All in all it's a good game. I was completely on the fence about it before but the changes they've made had me changing my mind. I promised I'd update my review and here it is. Don't wanna leave a bad review on a good game. Especially one that doesn't deserve it. I'll keep my old review here up for posterity.I find it really hard to recommend this game. I'm completely on the fence about it. I'm having fun playing it but there's just too many things wrong with it. It gets constantly updated and it seems every time there's a serious flaw someone writes it off as ""I'm sure the devs will fix it eventually!"". What people don't seem to realise is that this game isn't early access. This is a complete game. So any flaws in its design are absolutely relevant.My biggest gripe is with this game's difficulty. I'm all about hard games. I've clocked in hundreds of hours in Dark Souls 1 and 2 and have played my fair share of roguelikes. I'm a huge fan of the genre. But the difference is when you die its your fault. You get right back up and learn from your mistakes. This game, however, throws that out the window. It's difficult for the wrong reasons. I chose a marksman and granted I know they're a bit squishy but dear god half of what hits me just outright kills me. A lot of the creatures deal a pretty decent amount of damage and they drop health orbs when they die. That is until there's a boss or some kind of special monster. Every single boss I fight outright kills me in a single hit. Every. Single. Boss. Even the very first one. The difference in difficulty between the first and third boss I fought was nonexistant. They're completely random so hope to god you're fighting a melee boss because if he's ranged or has an AOE of any type at all then you may as well just jump off a cliff and save yourself the trouble. The problem with this is my marksman is level 20 and I'm still in the first act and STILL GETTING KILLED IN ONE HIT! Now I have played the melee classes a bit and they're not much less squishy. I find myself dying just as much. The first few levels of your character you may as well be throwing tissue paper at the enemies because you're not gonna do jack. Your best bet is to just lead the enemies to traps until your leveled up enough to get the one or two important skills that'll win you the game. Just don't get hit! By anything! Ever! Also every point you put into defense only raises damage reduction by .2%. So unless you invest a ridiculous amount of points into it, it's not going to help you at all. Skill points add a very negligible benefit to your character.The online multiplayer is absolute garbage at this point. Online multiplayer is in its alpha stage and you can definitely see it when you play. Joining games is a hit and miss. 90% of the time I join one the game just freezes for 2 minutes and just takes me back to the main lobby. That and sometimes the lobby says certain games have a negative amount of players in them (-1/4) or completely lie about the ping. All this I can understand. It's hard to just add in online multiplayer. It's a huge thing. The only reason I'm mentioning it is because you guys deserve to know its current state. My only real concerns about it are two-fold. Multiplayer is ESSENTIAL to beating this game and YOU HAVE TO BUY DLC JUST TO PLAY ONLINE! That's right. You have to purchase a $3 or $5 dlc just to play this game's god-awful online multiplayer. I'm thankful I bought this when it was on sale because I feel horrible for the people that actually paid full price for this mess. This sort of business strategy just infuriates me.I actually like this game's graphics and sound design. The music is fitting, the pixel-art is decent and stylized pretty well and the sound effects are great which is a lot more important than people might imagine. In a game where you're fighting huge waves of enemies it's imperative that you make it feel good to kill things. Enemies explode in a satisfying pile of gore and it sounds great! However.. this game has some of the worst voice acting I have ever heard. The writing is god-awful and it sounds like the same guy did the voices for everyone. This game does not need voice acting. There's no story. Dialogue is completely useless. Voice acting is one of those things that you either get right or just not have at all and I think this game would actually do far better if the characters just grunted or screamed rather than have full lines of dialogue.All in all, will you enjoy this game? Probably. It is a lot of fun. I've been craving a diablo-like multiplayer arena game for a long time and this one fulfills that desire. It's hard to find good things about it with all that's wrong with it though but something keeps bringing me back. Maybe you'll enjoy this type of game. If you can put up with the awkward difficulty then I'd say you'll probably like it too."
76561197982294099,Recommended,269210,30465985,Posted: 12 March,all,Dirk Diggler,pure addictive greatness. simple as that
,Not Recommended,269210,30484116,Posted: 12 March,all,Volatilemachine,"Despite what seemed to be a promising Hack & Slash game with friends, a plethora of glitches, bad game mechanics, and the need to make a third party account to play an equally glitchy multiplayer mode filled with infinite loading screens made this game not even worth the 59 cents I paid for it."
76561198067051654,Recommended,269210,14154839,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Happy Ludwig,"Utterly fun for a couple of runs, at least.  Not a strict roguelike: Unless you check the ""Hardcore"" option, your character will continue to level between runs, setting you off stronger each time you play.  Multiple characters, with very different ways to play, and several difficulty levels means tons of replayability.  Only criticism: The items make the run.  I picked up a single powerful item, and it carried me from Act 1 through 3 straight hours to the end of the expansion Act.If you're looking for an instance-based game in the vein of Diablo or Torchlight, I can't think of anything better."
,Recommended,269210,14642388,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Xograph,man this game has more grinding that a puerto rican stripperor a grindstoneba-dum-chi'm sorry please buy this game
,Recommended,269210,27985466,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LenStr21,Its always fun to play.
76561198090607728,Recommended,269210,17256590,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,IRGAftermath,Both the base game and DLC are worth the full price purchase. I have enjoyed 99% of my gametime with this game. The other 1% comes from seemingly instant deaths out of nowhere. Not sure if that is related to me or a bug. The gameplay is very solid and the graphics are nice. It is a little slow to start out the game (especially with melee based characters) but once you get some levels under your belt it gets a little easier... then the game smacks you in the mouth and tells you to sit in a corner. There is always a more powerful enemy. Be aware of what is happening on your screen and you'll probably survive.
76561198114969651,Recommended,269210,14308255,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,YoshiHD,This game is really addictive. I got a recommendation from a friend and now i cant stop playing it.
,Recommended,269210,13780168,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JakeArtistIV,"Been Playing the Hell out of this one since I bought it during the Winter Sale of 2014, its Basically a combination of a Horde mode and Binding of Isaac since the Items you can get are pretty much the same (even the names) Takes you through 5 Whole Chapters with 5 stages in each. so 25 levels in total, complete with optional Dungeons, Crypts, and Shops to go to between Enemy Waves which you must survive around 6 to 8 waves per stage. with the final wave of each stage being a mini boss. Now the game does have a lot of replayability. lots of characters to go through and can grind your way all the way up to level 200 I'm sure. but it does get pretty damn stale at times. since you basically just kill wave after wave after wave of enemies for hours on ends. until you reach the end of a Chapter to fight a Real Boss and proceed until you complete the game.Now this took me a while to figure out, but if you want to succeed in this game in one go. Grab everything in sight, break every possible thing in the level. That means use all types of Potions so you know which ones to use throughout your run, break leaves and pots for cash, and go through Dungeons and Crypts for free items or gold at the end of each one. Without doing so the game will be a Hugh Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ enemies will start to be very difficult to kill and you will most likely die in one or two hits if you are not careful. and the game is FILLED with bugs and glitches. some that can help you, and some that can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.Overall the game is Pretty damn fun if you want to spend a lot of time playing a game for a good grind. but its really hard at first, and The Melee Characters are almost useless. but once you get a crap load of items the game is pretty simple at that point, even on harder difficultys. So Yeah Give it a shot if it interests you"
,Recommended,269210,15248622,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Musyio,One of the most addictive game i ever play!9/10(-1 coz it can really get a bit repititive after 100+ time playing)
,Recommended,269210,22906946,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[x]Macieg[x] hellcase.com,Awesome game ! I love graphic and soundtrack in this game <3
76561198022888982,Recommended,269210,16685500,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Burnzy,Brillient game love it if you are completey into grinding and having fun getting past higher and higher waves with different diffcultys. best part is with friends cause its funny.
,Not Recommended,269210,14091016,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ninjaa,"Far blander than I expected. Looks to be something similar to Binding of Isaac with an RPG system surrounding it but in my opinion falls flat on its face. There seems to be a lot of content but all of it is rather dull, the myriad of classes all seem to be approximately the same and its just rather boring. The art looks uninspired and the music is mediocre."
,Not Recommended,269210,20279375,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,baby jesus,"Hero Siege is a good idea with really poor execution in so many areas that shows some fundamental lack of ability about what it takes to polish a game in 2015.It has probably the worst UI I have ever seen in a game in recent memory.- inconsistent behaviour, it pauses when stat upgrading but not when changing inventory? Some items auto-pick up but not others?- no tool tips or tutorial behavoiur of any sort, nor is there any tutorial for even basic things like how to pick up items. There isn't even a controls screen so you can see what controls are available. And there are WAY too many. I'm pretty sure a PC flight sim in 1994 had fewer buttons to remember.- lack of feedback on so many things. You can select any dialogue options you want and there is no confirmation that it does anything.- double-randomness involving requring a random chance to get keys and to get chests. So you end up finding a bunch of chests you can't open, with no way to go back to them once you have a key. Who ever thought that was a great idea?- keyboard controls are basically so busted the game is unplayable.- mouse operates only some things, but is otherwise inconsistent.- inventory select screen is about as bad as you can make one. Why even have 'inspect' as a seperate opion? So dumb, it makes you press buttons all over trying to figure out what your best inventory item is. On top of this, not pausing the game during this fullscreen dialogue means you can easily die if you ever try to change items in the game. Compared to diablo where you would just highlight to inspect and double-click something to equip it if it was better, this game you have to nagivate with the keyboard and F and G keys, then press R and G to inspect and leave the inspect screen.. for every item. It's just insane, how could they ever think this was ok when diablo 2, one of the clear inspirations for them, solved this so much better over 15 years ago.- Finally know that it's basically a free-to-play game they charge up front for, the base game should really be free with how much content is behind a paywall.On the plus side the art style is very appealing. It's just a shame it can't be enjoyed to it's full potential.In order to like this game you have to have a large tolerance for going on forums to learn how anything works.Looking at some youtube reviews of what it used to look like... wow they really did wreck their game. It used to be much more simplified and straighforward and actually tell you what buttons you need to press to do things. All abilities used to be passive so there were fewer buttons to press too."
76561198027957120,Not Recommended,269210,19980791,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Asian Thunder,"Hero siege is a really fun game... WHEN THE SERVERS ARE WORKING! >_> For real, this is horrendous service. I'm just glad I got it on sale, because it's hardly a game I'd recommend in its current multiplayer status.Please fix the server status..."
76561197980514971,Recommended,269210,13715875,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Delotor,So Basicly A very fun Game its as  if Diablo And  Zelda Had a Baby (Weird Huh?)- Super Unbalanced Classes (Necro OP)-Now has Multiplayer with Ex-Also ♥♥♥♥ Disco Balls
,Recommended,269210,16501838,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,dek,I remember when I used to crash numerous times in this game. Its not so bad anymore. Great developers10/10 Would bang again
,Not Recommended,269210,19609105,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Doom721,"I know how to play games, I know how to host games, I know how to port forward.I could not under any circumstance, after:Reinstalling the game several times.Wiping it from the registry.Deleting the files in appdataForwarding 6510 on Windows Firewall / My routerTurning Windows firewall on/offChecking on seven sites that 6510 was openReinstalling the game againRunning the game without any overlays or SteamMaking twopanic.netaccountsHard wiring into my modemReinstalling the firmware on my router entirelyPutting in an entirely different network cardAFTER THAT... I COULD NOT GET THIS GAME TO:Talk in online chatHost a P2P gameJoin a P2P gameHost a DedicatedPanic.netgameJoin a DedicatedPanic.netgameI bought a four pack on sale, the people who bought it - they play just fine. But for me under no circumstances could I play multiplayer.So if you want technical hell, you'll see all the posts of ""I port forwarded and it doesn't work!"" and realize, hell, maybe just hell, it isn't just the port forwarding.Avoid buying for multiplayer, chance of not working entirely.Four hours played in game, didn't play the game."
76561198049747770,Recommended,269210,17813347,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Squidnator,"Amazing game. I would give it a 10/10, at least at my point.So, I am not even level 50 yet, I have been leaving my computer on with this. That's why I have a bunch of hours on it.I love how overpowered you feel to a point. I was at level 18, and I took my character to about level 38 and beat the normal mode up to wave 120 in a single session.I am about to get the DLC collectors editions, as I would love to see this game move foward.I do not have a lot of experience so I don't know if it gets old or anything after a while, but for starters I would definitely recommend. I can't express how much of a good investment this is."
,Recommended,269210,22621435,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,FancyEpicGaming,"Having given up on the daily review writing game,  I have come to realize that this means I can actually take time to play and enjoy games that I really wouldn't have been able to sit down and enjoy had I continued.  It's actually surprising now how I can open up one or two of these new games and find myself enjoying playing them far more than I would have if I had a too-short deadline in front of me.  I guess this means that when I write new reviews, they will probably be much more authentic.Hero Siege is no exception to this statement.  I opened this up a week or so ago, thinking I would find a fairly simplistic top down bullet hell-ish bore, and i found myself actually surprised.  Surprised enough to not realize five hours had passed and I had finished my first playthrough of the base game, and with enough relics to make me effectively unstoppable, and I still didnt really want to put it down.  This, to me, is the definition of a truly good game, one that keep s your interest over time, even as you get to the end of it.Now I will say, that officially I have 'completed' the base game in that five hours, but that doesnt mean I stopped playing.  The game is basically an odd combination of bullet hell, tower defense, and binding of isaac roguelike, and for all its entertainment is actually fairly short.  What you get by playing a character however is the ability to play the same levels over on harder difficulty levels, though with your massively overpowered character dealing hot death to scores of mindlessly wandering foes.  The characters are simple enough to control, use your base attack most of the time then deal massive death with special moves when the cluster of baddies gets to dense for your base attack to be worthwhile.  As you progress, your experience grows your levels and base stats, and you also get random powerups which add unique powers in a binding of isaac like fashion, which you lose if you die, meaning you have  an increasing sense of protectiveness of your character the more difficult the game becomes.  The intent behind this I have to assume is that it keeps you on par with the difficulty level, which unfortunately it didnt seem to have done.  I was basically unstoppable until half way through my playthrough on the third difficulty level, whereupon I happened to hit a brick wall in a particular boss that apparently doesnt seem to understand that exponential difficulty increases only work if you go up one exponent at a time.  Afterwards, I lost all my relic powerups and quicly realized that my character though quick at reaping destruction before, was apparently not as powerful as i had been led to believe.  Curse you Hero Siege for such slanderous lies.All that being said, do I recommend this game?  Basically the answer there would be yes, though I will say that it doesn't have a lot of things that make it unique among the roguelike genre, and if you are already knee deep in things like isaac or Enter the Gungeon, it may be best to give a pass on this one, at least until you get sick of those and want to try something slightly different but still the same."
76561198132887334,Not Recommended,269210,22925539,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,frazerone,"Visability of the character is very low. There are no directions about what to do, or how to do anything. You swing a sword and that is about it. Not fun. Not fun at all."
,Recommended,269210,15975958,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Saran Wrap,"This Game is amazing. If your looking for a fun game that you can waste your time on, this is it. Although it does need a few tweaks in the multi-player aspect, but why should I complain, it's in open beta."
76561197989721111,Recommended,269210,32888185,Posted: 27 June,all,acerdevilinops,One of the best multiplayer games for rogue-lite/ hoard mode i have come across in awhile and on sale its a no brainer if ur looking for a game to play with friends.
,Recommended,269210,33046149,Posted: 30 June,all,Autismus,This game sucks ♥♥♥♥♥ when u got killed by some random ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on inferno dificulty and lost your all relicts ;-;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; sadfacegameplay- 9/10music- 8/10graphics- 8/10overall i would recommend this gaym
,Recommended,269210,32868391,Posted: 27 June,all,ShaolinMonkeee,"This game. Oh this game. To start this off if you are looking for a game that you can pick up and put down quick then this is the game for you. A good game for a quick time can get frustrating once you die, but I would get this game for a quick play through also highly advise to get the DLC if you ""beat"" the game"
,Recommended,269210,33016314,Posted: 29 June,all,WyattDT04,Really good game!
76561198043837917,Recommended,269210,33115915,Posted: 1 July,all,Livermush,It's a roguelike Diablo by way of Smash TV that not only has online multiplayer but also local multiplayer.Not the most polished game ever but is worth the money.
,Recommended,269210,32917820,Posted: 28 June,all,Boce,the problem is no new updates!tha game is soo lit for me :D!
,Recommended,269210,30434977,Posted: 10 March,all,Nipple for tripple <3,11/10
,Recommended,269210,28995156,Posted: 3 January,all,Lightning Rider,A great challenging bullethell game with a great community and staff improoving the game frequently.This is the perfect game for bullet hell lovers. There is a diverse set of play styles; something for everyone.
,Recommended,269210,14650769,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,🔫Deus~Ex.,"With a nice variety of characters to choose from, you can lead your favorite hero into glorious battle.Check out some gameplay before you buy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq1olsfsq8c"
76561198119025534,Recommended,269210,15794109,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fiery,"This game is so much fun! I definitley am obsessed, as im completely decking out my nomad. However, there are defintely some glitches, especially associated with enemies jumping. But overall great game"
,Recommended,269210,13945713,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fox,"Prepare yourself if you want to play this game with a xbox controller. The game actions vibrate the controller so hard that your friends can hear the noise even in a skype call. A single monster spell cause vibrations for seconds and 2 monters spell together  makes a COMBO and break your hand. For real, it's too much."
,Recommended,269210,11304211,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,SirAnabolic,"very entertaining game, challenging , very fun."
,Recommended,269210,14960284,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,An4rki,"This game is nice.I have so far had ZERO problems or bugs while playing this game.Decent game, good time pass."
,Recommended,269210,13705326,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sneps Jaw,my friend showed me this gameI bought it same dayfirst match I play I die instantlyI suck at this game
,Recommended,269210,13734685,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sleepeh yukeh,"Bought the game because it looked fun and i read it had local co-op. Played local co-op after fiddling with x360 for two hours. Local co-op unleashed a bug that unlocked all achievments for me, even the ""play for 160 hours""-achievment. Totally worth it.On a serious note, the biggest flaws i can find would be 1: Slow leveling. Instead of leveling stats by 0.20 per point, they should simply have been leveled by a full 1.0 point. 2: Randomly appearing threats - at some point your character might die because of... Nothing. Not a very big issue in co-op play, but i can imagine its a pain in singleplayer."
76561198052716059,Recommended,269210,16642713,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fat Orange Cat,"This game is basically like Binding of Isaac but with slightly different gameplay. Instead of rooms, you are placed on a smallish map. Instead of collecting items, you collect relics. Instead of taking pills to increase/decrease stats, you drink potions. There's a shop on every map, altered versions of enemies (miniboss versions, ones that are immune to attacks, they are different colour too), there's a boss at the end of every map, you get to choose from several different characters when playing and about the only thing that isn't the same, is the levelling system with attributes and talents. And the fact that you have to complete Act's.I played as the Nomad character (Lvl 64 atm) for my first and only character. I was flicking through some threads just before I made this review and apparently it's one of the weakest, if not the weakest, class to play as. I couldn't get passed Act 1 for about 20 deaths. I was about to give up but then I discovered that there's a shop on the map and since that run-through, I beat normal mode and I'm also about to beat Nightmare mode. Managed to level about 50 levels and I've collected around 50 relics so far in one run. People who have mastered this game are probably laughing at that but it was a real game-saver. It really made me feel like I was getting somewhere in the game.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who loves rogue-like and RPG styles of gaming. Although it's not really RPGy, the levelling system adds a cool aspect to the game and since I loved Binding of Isaac, this compared nicely. Been playing for about 3 days straight now, dropped all other games.Bottom-lineGet Hero Siege. And Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,269210,16828083,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,A.R.M.Y.,"First let me say this:This game is ONLY fun if you have friends to play this game with.Second:This game does NOT have any story at all, you should only buy this if you like hack an slash games.Now let's go on.i reccomend this game to anyone who has friends or family to play with. It's really fun to play around with your friends and find out what all the different relics are or what kind of end bosses there are so for a game this cheap it has great contend but it still lacks quite a bit. when you're playing the game you're constantly saying 'would'nt the game be better if it had (blank)', for instance: it should have an endless waves system or it should have more uses for the townspeople in the starting village.Now let's talk about the DLC.I find that the DLC ads the lack of content that the game needs, so you could see why i was really dissapointed when i heard that all the stuff i thought the game missed was included in the DLC. Naturally i wasn't happy, I thought that all the things that the game missed should be added to it and that you should'nt pay extra for the full experience of a game. But after everything it is still a great game to play with friends and familyI hope that I informed you enough so that you can make the importand decision of buying this gameplease excuse me if i made any mistakes while writing this review (i'm dutch ^-^)"
,Recommended,269210,16734108,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Churumela,"lvl 96 varias reliquias fodas, jogo crashou perdi tudo <3"
76561197968771986,Recommended,269210,13652945,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,n1,NICE GAME))))
,Recommended,269210,13877001,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lex8P,"Played a few hours of it so far. I am rather addicted. This game is not for everyone, as it can be frustrating, however frustration is what I find entertaining. Loads of different character types to select from. Loads of variables to take into account.The sheer fact that you die every five minutes, without wanting to launch the controller across the room and to restart the level without question, makes this game a winner for me."
76561198092309180,Recommended,269210,20270502,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Papi the Harpy,Its good i like it
,Recommended,269210,19340071,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dinamichaor,É um jogo EXTREMAMENTE viciante!♥♥♥♥♥♥pra krl. Você começa jogando como se fosse só um jogo para passar o tempo mas acaba ficando horas e horas e n consegue parar.
76561198026042167,Recommended,269210,13918345,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Squirrel Jesus,"Very good game, i'm currently level 79 marksman and i just let my towers kill everything since they do upwards of 1000 damage per hit, haven't finished the game but got to wave 106/120(150 with DLC). The multiplayer doesn't fully work yet but it's still being tweeked"
76561198255418880,Not Recommended,269210,30430036,Posted: 10 March,all,Maleficent,"I cannot log in to the game and it keeps saying ""incorrect username or password"". Email verification and password reset were also  done. It's very frustrating to purchase a game that cannot even play"
,Recommended,269210,15128317,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tom Trustworthy,"Great game! I played some binding of issac right before buying this game and I would say this game wins by far.Choosing a character really makes you play different, and even with each one you could build them at least two different ways each.Everybody loves gaining levels so we're covered on that front. I do like that some aspects of the game are saved even when you die. It's nice while not too OP where it messes up the game.The voices of the guys in the game are over the top and its pretty entertaining.It's a perfect game for when you have a few minutes to play this or that. You could just play one life and stop after you die."
,Recommended,269210,32926320,Posted: 28 June,all,3afty,Good game
,Recommended,269210,32935395,Posted: 28 June,all,Lotipop,Good game but need more things to do in games (like crafting system material collecting etc)
,Recommended,269210,26887013,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,josephcun2520,"Great game, pretty cheap too. I picked it up in a sale, and I recommend you to do that too - it's definitely worth it"
76561198035687813,Recommended,269210,27025138,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Herro,"This game is vast and really fun to play, always getting some sort of an update to fix bugs or just adding content. Not too expensive if you catch it on sale. A nice game that'll keep you playing and wanting more wheater it be casual or hardcore mode, the challenge of beating the next level always feels rewarding."
,Not Recommended,269210,30411975,Posted: 9 March,all,🙵ShinPadAU,"Endless grind of levels that don't appear to be any different from one another, and a loot system that is so incredibly unsatisfying that makes getting new equipment a grind instead of exciting."
,Recommended,269210,32680098,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr Rental,"I bought this game because a friend recommended it to me. I was a litlle iffy about buying it because i thought i'd regret it but, in fact, i fell in love with the game so if you like RPG's id 100% recommend this game and even if you dont i suggest you buy it anyway and you might just fing a new favourite genere."
76561198081416972,Not Recommended,269210,11336854,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ewockbuddy,"Supposively this game's update/patch was supposed to fix problems. I just purchased this (along with the Collector's DLC) and my characters do not show up on my creation (im not on hardcore mode) Dungeon's are still shaking when I attack, if I can even get there, the bosses stll kill me in about 2 hits and have over 11000 hp on wave 6. This game is fun, but the whole minon thing still says ""under construction"" and if i click ""Name Color"" it sends me back to title screen. I tried the online, and it made my characters not show up again, and when I click a server it sends me to the title screen. Everything the latest patches have said they were going to fix, haven't fixed anything for me, and people have minons and yet I still can't access it. I don't know what is going on with this game, but until it is fixed, I wouldn't suggest wasting your money. It just causes headache after headache. I wish I could get my money refunded. It's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,269210,28755470,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,pugsley,"Terrible game.1. people losing inventoriessome people, after grinding up for nights, just wake in the next morning to find their packs empty.2. retro like dumb lazy UXretro like UX doesn't need to be dumb, non functional and completely unintuitive.3. same year old bugs4. rollbacks5. overall game formulawith so many difficulties and dungeons levels the game is highly addictive because it manipulates our reward system. it makes you fell like a god one shooting everything in a dungeon, until you go to next level. but then you drop some gear that makes you fell like a god again. and that is it, there is nothing else.6. crashes7. ♥♥♥♥ the communityjust read the discussion forum. the number of people dissatisfied is amazing. they repolish the game to pretend engagement but they just don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about everything else but some pennies in their pockets.8. no reasons bans9. propagandathere is some propaganda♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game being the life work of 3 guys in a basement. yeah, sure. just read from 1 to 8."
,Recommended,269210,22017920,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,"Mr. Clean, The Scrub Lord","I've been playing this game for so long, it's hard to pin down exactly where the game is at. It's changed massively in the year and a half since I got Hero Siege (the first DLC came out the day I got it), and in many ways for better and for worse. Before they added Mana, the game was pretty solid; the mana update has been rough, but it's clearly getting better. The devs are pretty dedicated to this game, and they want to improve it as much as possible. It's fun, but it does take a good amount of persistence to get the hang of the game. It's very hard, but I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,269210,18605166,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Bubby Cat,"Binding of Isaac meets RPGtl;drReally fun game, especially with friends!Really worth the $4 when i got it on sale (with dlc).:) Pros-REALLY fun with friends-Lots of items and relics (power ups)-Bosses are fairly diverse-Hardcore Mode (aka 1 life)-6 Acts per play through (Soon to be 7)-Several Playthough Difficulties(how Borderlands has 3, this game has ~5)-LOTS of little outfits for your character that do not cost real money-No MicrotransationsVS:( Cons-No dedicated servers yet-Voice Acting is kinda meh-You HAVE to port forward (or Hamachi) to host your own online game-Your multiplayer characters save the items they hold but not their relics when you exit the game and have not died(this may change during later stages of development)-Multiplayer can sometimes be a little buggy with healing when you level"
,Not Recommended,269210,22995732,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Eggo Doggo,WE WUNT MOAR DLCS
,Not Recommended,269210,19137936,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,burlapjack,"There is a lot of content in this game,  which I do like, butas for the controls,  I'm not too impressed.  The sound effects(mostly character voices)  kind of put me off as well."
,Not Recommended,269210,19790133,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bill Duck,"This game advertises things in the steam store that actually takes microtransactions to get. Disgusting.Game has a boring feel to it, and doesn't bother to do any storytelling in-game at all. Literally none. Just plunges you in there with no introduction, no idea what's happening; just being attacked for no reason. And the combat is pretty boring; just W+M1 to victory. Do not recommend"
,Recommended,269210,21991960,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"So. After a while I decided to give this game yet another shot. The last time, my review was not that kind and it was a downvote. You can clearly see that this it is not a downvote this time.However some points still stand. If not all. Seeing as I deleted my old review without thinking much about the content of the review and saving it I will simply say what I still think is a bad influence when it goes to playing the game.Overall the idea of the game is simple: Survive. You can choose different characters which have different attacks and skills. Some are ranged, some are close combat. And from here it goes directly into the first part of the game. You play on a randomly generated(?) field where there are 4 gates, 1 on every side of the field. The monsters move mainly into the field through the gates and it is up to you to defeat them. Sometimes, you can even find Monsterspawners which will spawn Monsters until you destroy them. Over time, and by random chance, mini dungeons can spawn or you can enter shops. The Minidungeons are varied and contain a good amound of stuff that keeps you on your toes. Some stuff can only be reached by walking through spikes that hurt you and on a low level that will kill you pretty fast. But this, walking through spikes to reach what you want, is optional. Because most of the time the dungeons themself have a beginning and end point. Everything in between is either optional or required to move further into the dungeon. And when you reached it one out of two things will wait for you. A miniboss, with the reward when you defeated him, or a direct reward for reaching the end of the dungeon.And what happens when you leave the dungeon? The game continues on the field as if nothing ever happened. Go and survive until you reach the sixth wave. Because on the sixth wave, your spawnpoint will spawn a servant of Hell (as I like to call it) that tries its best to kill you. But dont worry. Most of the bosses can actually be defeated easily when you are standing next to the spawnpoint when he spawns. Put one of your abilities down, wait for it and he is defeated. Or you can do it the hard way and maybe get killed the first times you play it with a new character. And if you killed this boss you get rewarded with a special item and a portal to the next field.But before I forget to mention it, there is also another thing that happens. Item drops. And I waited until now to mention the reward for killing bosses or clearing dungeons. During your gameplay you will be able to collect items. These items can be special items from bosskills or dungeons or regular Armor to stuff out your character. While I dont see a big difference with armor I can see it with the special items. They give you abilities or just enhance your current stats. Like a Burger that gives you 7k health. Pretty good if you are struggling with the monsters. Or you get the Shiv, which is a active Item that shoots out Daggers(?) and damages enemies in their way. So it is similar to Binding of Isaac. And yes I am making this comparison for a reason, because this game reminds me of Binding of Isaac atleast in terms of Special Items and what they can do for your character.But now we have reached the point of where my old review comes into play. My old review was about this game being bad, a game that I wouldnt recommend at all. While I still stick with, ""I dont really like it that much"", I cannot truly say that this game is bad. It may, or may not be enjoyable and for what you get, there is a lot to do. But now lets head on to what I have said before and what is still a problem for me in the game.1. First Timers DeathThe first time you will play this game, and that means that you have never played it before, you will die fairly quickly. Even going back in you will die fairly quickly again. Of course this has to do with figuring out how to play mostly but some of it doesnt. For a person that never played this i was a bit frustrated at first because of the sudden deaths of mine. Mind you that was in an earlier version of the game but it hasnt changed. The game is difficult, which is good and bad at the same time.2. Difficulty = HitboxWhen playing this game, the hitboxes of Monsters, and yourself seems off. I am saying this because a Skeleton or Rat have hit me when I was 10 pixels away from them. And this varies. Mostly downwards, yet it happens. I have died multiple times to a skeleton hitting me while it was not even able to reach me. And that is a problem. A problem I am sure they will take care of.3. Difficulty = randomThe game is difficult on its own, but it also is spawning in various traps and objects over time. I have noticed many times as to how new traps like Autocrossbows fell from the heavens down on the field. And if you dont pay attention because ""THERE IS LIKE 50 OF THEM! WAAAH!"" it can end up killing you.4. Difficulty = ""Watch out""Every enemy in the game, if big or tiny, if boss or elite can be killed fairly quickly. But as mentioned above, if you are a first timer you will die fairly quickly. Especially when reaching the second field. One of the enemies is a maggot that spits acid and you and damn, if it does not hit you and gets stuck on the floor for about 5 seconds. Dont walk on it or you take a ton of damage. The problem with this is that it caused me to die also a few times because I was focusing on the enemies upfront. Like the 50 enemies I mentioned above. A random maggot spits, or an elite makes a round house spit and you can get dunked on pretty fast.The other points, one being ""DLC for Online Multiplayer"" have been resolved. It was meant to be tested but they wanted to give people the chance to use it anyways, even in the most unstable build. You could say that it isnt worth for a DLC but, eh. It was their decision, and not mine.So far the game is ok. Its not good, it is not bad and it most certainly not a personal favorite or the best game I ever played. Undertale got that spot. No other game gets that. But jokes aside it wouldnt even be a close second. My point is: I dont like this game. However it is a game that people atleast have put effort into and a game that is decent enough to be played. And who knows: Maybe most of the mentioned points above are just me being an idiot ingame.But that is about it. Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,269210,14211876,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Hack and slash  game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou can play this game in fullscreen or windowed mode.You can only change the resolution size in windowed mode.You can toggle the music.There is a master volume slidebar available.You are able to play this game with the xbox controller. (Recommendable).You are able to change the controls.There is local play and online multiplayer.You will need a gamepad in order to play a local game.About the game.The game concept is really simple. You go into an arena and you kill enemies. Sometimes there will be rewards or hidden dungeons to be found. Completing them will give you a reward. It's a bit repetitive, if you think about it. You get thrown into a pit. You kill enemies. You clear them wave for wave until you reached the last wave. You kill the boss and you basically redo this but then in different themes. There are also items and you can level up. But the game doesn't really feel rewarding and the mechanics are plain.There are many save slots available. 18 slots.You can customize your character and unlock new items.Able to toggle Hardcore mode.Game is super repetitive.There are multiple different classes. Some can only be purchased with real money.There are no unlockable classes.You are able to change the difficulty.You have a minimap.Other things.Has references from different games.-------------------I Give this game a 6/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,27737185,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,unbind life,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this inventory system? 0/5
,Recommended,269210,30495732,Posted: 13 March,all,Salt ಠ╭╮ಠ,Its a pretty good game for the first 7.5 hours of your life then you beat the game and it sucks but das pretty good
,Recommended,269210,30502741,Posted: 13 March,all,Rebel Sketchy,"Hero Siege, where do i start.First off, i found this game a while ago and wasn't very interested in it because of the price, graphics and looked like a cheap knockoff of Diablo 3.A few days ago i saw it on sale for $0.99, so i went and bought the 4 pack for $1.99 and gave 2 copies to my gaming friends. We tried it, one of them lost interest in about a hour and half of gameplay, while me and another friend somehow got hooked to this game even with it's really bad start.What do i mean a really bad start? Well in the 2 hours of trying the game my friend and i came across 3 bugs that really made us wonder if we should sink time into this mess. The biggest bug being when we did a puzzle and when i hit the reset button my friend the was next to the wall and standing on where the stone piece resetted, he got pushed out of bounds and couldn't do anything but walk around and watch me for the rest of the dungeon. Another being sometimes missions sometimes have a tendency to spawn objective items (even mobs and loot that you cant reach) outside the map and you just have to sit there looking at it, although going to the next stage of the act will respawn the last piece for the mission.With that said, you'd think to yourself, this game seems so broken, why would i ever play this? Well, the answer my friend is the grinding and loot that you would normally get in diablo, just a bit more rampaging bloodshed than diablo.Here are my pros and cons:Pros:-Fun if your into one shotting everything from 1-150-Your friend can join you (my friend made a new character and i brought him through Inferno difficulty and got him to 70+ in levels)-LOOT-Neat and useful, sometimes funny relics (#StickmanSteveForMVP)-Classes are for the most part distinctive in playstyles-You can play with up to 3 other friends in a PRIVATE AND OFFICIAL SERVER (yes pls)-You can also host an open server for people to join (good luck getting people to)-You can name your character anything, and you can reset your skills, talents and even rename your character for an ingame currency called rubies.-There's a leaderboard for Wormholes (endgame stuff)-There's a chat section you can talk to people while you wait for your slow as hell friend to turn on what feels like his 1998 windows computer, get his dial-up running, and spend forever getting on skype and finally the damn game.-There are many difficulties to go through while you level up which includes, Normal, Nightmare, Hell, Inferno, Agony, Destruction, and Toxic. Right now my paladin is level 145 and im finally moving to Destruction to hopefully get to 150.-The devs seem to care at least a little bit about the players which is good enough for me.-And most importantly, they have the best relic, Stickman Steve. His quotes are amazing, and his voice is that perfect type of annoying that you'll love.Cons:-Many glitches, but can be fixed by going to the next section of an Act (The game is divided into Act 1-7  and Chapters 1-5 for each Act)-Your items not appearing when you get ingame (which ONLY happens if the server is down and you connect on peer-to-peer, since the items are saved server side, until the server is back up, you have no items)-Server crashes happen 3-4 times in the past few days, but the devs said ti was because alot of new players joined and it crashed the servers, so they are upgrading it over the next little while to hold more players-The damn animation for picking up potions that end up getting me killed once. At least there is a relic to insta-pickup items so it cancels the animation for picking up potions and relics.-Dying resets ALL the relics you collected (when your playing with 1 or more people this only occurs if both/all players die.-You only really need to put your skill points into health as items will increase your skills for you and Damage/Mana has an awful scaling per point you allocate to it, so it is only beneficial to allocate them into health.-There is only one active guild i see on US that has a decent playerbase, and that is 3G, although i've made my own guild with just my friend and i, and we're having fun playing as the underdogs.Overall, as bad as this game looks, i kinda have fallen for it. If your like me and dont mind the grind, even if it's 150 levels and like 6-7 playthroughs of the same maps and Act bosses, you should give this game a shot, especially if its on sale. And if you see me in chat (The Boss), feel free to join my guild or to start up a convo, cause we both know i'm just waiting for my 1998 windows, dial-up, slow as hell friend to finally get on."
,Recommended,269210,32914947,Posted: 27 June,all,SugarSloth,"My friends were shreking me hard and I couldnt join their server, maybe if the game had more than 5 million players I could join them because right now I couldnt join them because of shrek and biggie smoke.My friends were shreking me hard and I couldnt join their server, maybe if the game had more than 5 million players I could join them because right now I couldnt join them because of shrek and biggie smoke.My friends were shreking me hard and I couldnt join their server, maybe if the game had more than 5 million players I could join them because right now I couldnt join them because of shrek and biggie smoke.My friends were shreking me hard and I couldnt join their server, maybe if the game had more than 5 million players I could join them because right now I couldnt join them because of shrek and biggie smoke.My friends were shreking me hard and I couldnt join their server, maybe if the game had more than 5 million players I could join them because right now I couldnt join them because of shrek and biggie smoke.My friends were shreking me hard and I couldnt join their server, maybe if the game had more than 5 million players I could join them because right now I couldnt join them because of shrek and biggie smoke.My friends were shreking me hard and I couldnt join their server, maybe if the game had more than 5 million players I could join them because right now I couldnt join them because of shrek and biggie smoke."
,Not Recommended,269210,9970551,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,RedFusion,"Game is a buggy mess. And it isn't even fun when it works. Can't play co-op with M+KB and XBox controller setup; needs two XBox controllers plugged in (which we have). Characters get wiped for no reason: created a pirate, which became a different class when starting the game (and got saved as that class when exiting and re-entering the hero select screen), and created a necromancer which stayed permanently dead, with no HP, but could still be controlled. Even deleting and re-creating a new necromancer did not fix the problem. Not to mention the gigantic HUD and lack of game settings in the options page. Avoid like the plague."
76561198120181297,Not Recommended,269210,11295404,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,cumdrop420,"An alright game, but you absolutely have to remove(or put in an option to remove) the screen shake. Makes the game pretty much unplayable."
76561198031305089,Not Recommended,269210,10286950,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,the actual worst,"This would be a fun game if everything didn't kill you in a couple hits. At the lowest level, you'll run into enemies that explode into poison chunks that kill you almost immediately. Sometimes there will be things hidden behind trees (or other obscuring objects) that sling what look like exploding hot dogs (dynamite, I guess?), that, as before, kill you in one or two hits. Traps are everywhere and most of the time are hidden behind objects making them almost impossible to see. The ones you can see are very specifically timed give you almost no time to avoid, thus taking almost always lethal damage. And avoid dungeons. Should you find yourself able to make your way through a dungeon without dying, you'll find yourself facing an enemy (in every instance that I went through a dungeon, it was always named the same thing) called ""Annie"" that has like 9000 hit points and kills you in one or two hits. I'm not sure what the developer was going for with this game, but it seems progress is to be made VERY SLOWLY. I never made it past the first act, and just found it too frustrating due to deaths that happened seemingly from damage that came out of nowhere.I simply cannot recommend this game if you're looking for a fun, Gauntlet-type game. Thankfully I got it for like -90% the price."
,Not Recommended,269210,9945828,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Tuler Wee,"This game was a really REAAAALLY fun hack and slash game, until the devoplers of this game changed the hud and added DLCs. DLCs ruined this game for me, i was looking forward for the samurai and the multiplayer to be released but you have spend money on both of the god damn things. The new hud change also made it seem like my character went even more slower than usual.If this game was how it was like a few months ago, i'd probably would still reccomend this game, other than that, don't buy this game."
76561198009670828,Not Recommended,269210,11254086,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Trenchsoul,"I both like and don't like this game so its hard to pick between a simple yes or no.  Do i regret the $1 I spent, no.  Will I play it much, no.  I seen this and thought, hey.. its like realm of the mad god and it kind of is but mad god has a very clear view so you can easily see what your dodging and better worlds to explore.  This one has better character development choices and random items that are interesting.  The biggest problem I have with this one that makes me have a really hard time giving it the thumbs up is that theres so many trees and such that its hard to see everything you need to dodge.  Bullet hell games should have a very clear view so one doesn't feel robbed because they instantly died to something they could not see.My only other problem is that theres nothing worth while to spend my gold on.  The pirate class has skills specifically designed to help her get more gold but everything I can buy with it is a temp buff or consumable so the pirate has to give up a useful skill in her tree for one that doesn't actually do anything and her first active skil scales on it so one needs to level it anyway.  This isn't a very big deal to me but I still wish I could use the gold to actually increase her power to make up for her giving up power so she would snowball enough to overcome it.  If the dmg or atk speed potions were permanent but smaller buffs and simply got more expensive after buying them then I would like it better for all the classes.Overall, its a decent game at the sale price but for the full price of this game or less I can get paper sorcerer, evilquest, plants vs zombies, binding of issac, ghost master, dungeons of dreadmor or classics like sudeki, septerra core, etc.  Thats just to name a few and with the typical steam sales and free to play titles that are worth playing..  I just can't recommend this game but I've certainly spent a buck in worse ways."
,Not Recommended,269210,11266911,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,LynQ,Now i can't even play the game just a blank screen im a little sad now
,Not Recommended,269210,10732668,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jellybones,"Not good. Messy, sloppy gameplay with devs that seem amatuer at best. There are many games like this that are much better. Keep looking."
76561197994857706,Not Recommended,269210,11358889,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,The Beast From The East,You need to pay extra for the multiplayer function....
,Not Recommended,269210,11281791,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CultClassic,is bad game dont get unless u like to have sawblades inserted into ur meatloaf
76561198025183655,Not Recommended,269210,9199720,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,cityofangels418,"my overall gloss on this game is that it probably isn't worth your time.  it's an entertaining enough premise, but it has a number of flaws, all of which will ultimately frustrate you enough to abandon the game:1. the stages are so loaded down with foreground effects and obstacles, especially in the first stage, that you will frequently die because you have been mobbed and are trapped behind a tree or bush.  it's additionally impossible to anticipate what objects will be passable, and what will be impassable.2. you will take damage from enemies or traps 2-3 times per second, such that an ill-timed trap can knock out 1000 points in 1 second.  i have been instant-killed by traps when i had upwards of 3000 health.3. following on the previous point, stat bonuses and point allocations are phrased with different language--thus, stats seem utterly arbitrary, especially speed and swiftness.4. this game suffers from an enormous inconsistency in its traps, especially the volcanos.  in the snow level, volcanos are naturally occurring, and seem to throw projectiles an arbitrary distance, and with an arbitrary splash damage.  expect to be hit for a ridiculous amount of damage when you are far away from a projectile, and escape when you are unreasonably close.  this problem is exacerbated by the aformentioned foreground effects problem.5. dungeons/crypts/statues used to appear frequently--now they appear only very occasionally, and sometimes when it is impossible to access them (for example, at the beginning of a boss round).  similarly, chests and relics still spawn inside walls or areas that are inaccessible.6. tough damage for enemies is ridiculously high, especially considering that all but two classes are melee.i want to enjoy this game.  the mechanics are simple, and the concept is good.  but it still needs a lot of work, and the frequent updates have only created an inconsistent environment, especially regarding traps and dungeons."
,Not Recommended,269210,9954148,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TseiCo,"So awful... Trust me, don't buy it.-Full of minor bugs.-Worst voice acting I've ever heard, would've actually been a lot better without it.-And some more of the minor bugs.-Worst in-game ""jokes"" ever. Really.-The viewing distance in the game is too short, it's really frustrating. Using full screen only makes the pixels grow to about the size of your thumb."
76561198064500744,Not Recommended,269210,24955421,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Areex,"1st few hours playing the game is not bad, but after beating the boss and the game kinda bored and repetition it got worse after the latest update(v1.7.0.1) i can't exchange my gold to crystal no more.. that really suck."
,Recommended,269210,34197761,Posted: 12 August,all,ClamJouster,"What can I say?Of all of the games I've ever played (and that's a LOT of games), this is one of them.And that's saying something.If you don't like not playing these kind of games, you may not enjoy not liking this, and shouldn't purchase it immediately. You won't not regret it, unless it's up your street, in which case go for it and steer clear."
,Not Recommended,269210,21757492,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,HUGOSTOSAUM,"I don`t like how they patch it all the time, you can`t even enjoy, whnever you are getting good at the game BOOM!new patchrelearnrepeat 17xuninstall"
76561198126642318,Recommended,269210,18721108,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Flame Noir,"As it turns out, the game is still jsut as fun and awesome as it was BEFORE the Mana update. I highly recommend this game--it is like Diablo or Torchlight, but with more classes and roguelike elements :DHOWEVER, it is worth warning people with low-power computers, that this game is poorly programmed. It has lag and framerate drops even with a couple dozen enemies on screen, and at high difficulties, those enemies will be using attacks with large visual effects, which can even make the game crash. I have a decent gaming computer, and this game--with 16-bit graphics--crashes on account of a couple of fireballs. Just throwing that out there."
,Not Recommended,269210,34240000,Posted: 14 August,all,Cuek (Bennhyon),"Devs doesn't know how to balance the game, getting one shot by literally eveything and there is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of mobs throwing projectiles. And i don't deal any damage even with my 150 Samurai. Can't recommend this game even for this price, since you can't get past the levels without taking OP characters."
76561197970242268,Recommended,269210,13233848,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Tobrendi,"If you're reading this, you already know the basic gameplay: it's a shmup with RPG elements. One thing that you can't tell from the videos and screen shots is how confusing it can be when you start. You're thrust into the game world with very little explanation, and you have to figure stuff out as you fight and die and die and die. Some people will find this fun (including me, which surprised me) and some people will find this frustrating and quit. It's up to you to guess which category you'll fall into.I haven't experienced any bugs, but I have run into some.. unusual balance decisions. Enemy melee attacks seem to be much weaker than their projectiles, which in turn are much weaker than the projectiles spawned when they die, so you have to be more afraid of enemies when they die than when they chase you. Like I said, kind of odd, but once you notice that pattern and get used to it, it's no less fun.Skills don't look very balanced to me, either, but respeccing is cheap so that's not necessarily a big deal.Graphics and sound are pretty subjective, and you can check them for yourself in the above video, but FWIW I really like them. The one exception is the voice acting, which I didn't think was the 'so bad it's good' type. I thought it was the 'so bad it's really terrible' type."
76561198009777143,Not Recommended,269210,34205556,Posted: 12 August,all,dlbrown,"I would like to recommend this game, but it's as if the developers want to punish you for playing alone. With each update the game gets more and more difficult to play in singleplayer. I feel like I'm doing a chore while playing the game. If it weren't for the obvious attempts to gear this game to be only for multiplayer I would say to get it. If you've got a couple friends, by all means enjoy, but if you play alone, just be warned you will die, a lot, and usually in infuriating ways."
,Recommended,269210,34205999,Posted: 12 August,all,Garbage,"This game is incredible. If you want a time wasting game (in a good way!) then this game is for you. I used to play this game when it had first been released. This was somewhere back in 2014-15. The other day, I was trying to find this game again because I missed it so much. I took a break from it, and lost it. It took me HOURS to find this game again. I wouldn't waste my time looking for a game if it was this fun. Hurry because it's on **SALE** right now for only 59 cents!! This game is one of the only reasons I am on steam :-) Promise you'll love it. Try multiplayer, it's getting updated more and more for improving. The devs really give a damn about this game."
,Recommended,269210,35061587,Posted: 19 September,all,RyD,Good RPG Game
,Recommended,269210,24044001,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,S U C C,amazing game and really fun but some texture bugs. Dhaman class is glitched but i guess that they released it too fast.
76561198059355088,Not Recommended,269210,34413226,Posted: 22 August,all,Dwayne Johnson,Bugs make it unplayable really.
76561198052807876,Recommended,269210,14676094,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,AlmightyGlitch,Amazing game.they keep update and change it for the better.really recommend the game.also im waiting for the new dlc depths of hell.
76561198075938671,Not Recommended,269210,21930927,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kenan,"Once you have improved the multiplayer, I will probably play this all the time."
,Not Recommended,269210,34454297,Posted: 24 August,all,Junie,"Let me first say that I really wish Steam gave us a neutral option when writing reviews as opposed to the straight up YES and NO options.I enjoy this game for what it is. I really do feel like I shouldn't have to give it a thumbs down because I DO enjoy the game, but there are just a few things that throw it into the negative for me.Personally I feel as though it's just a 2D rip-off of Diablo.So many of the mechanics are the exact same! Even the MUSIC brings me back to my Diablo II days. (Not a bad thing, but if you're going to directly imitate what is already a great game, shouldn't you IMPROVE on it?)The controls need a lot of work. Using WASD to move ALONG with needing to use ""F"" and ""G"" to pick up items and navigate through NPC chats.... it's awkward as hell and just doesn't flow. I find that I spend more time trying to navigate my keyboard as opposed to paying attention to what's on my screen; and at some points, there is a LOT going on!If the devs could change the controls, I feel that the game would improve vastly. LEt's even out the controls between the keyboard and mouse!I wouldn't recommend the game, but I wouldn't♥♥♥♥♥♥on it, either."
76561197971308505,Not Recommended,269210,28193328,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Swiskon,"I played this game a lot offline so you can’t see the actual hours I put in to it.This is a top view copy of Diablo 2. This means hack and slash for hours. No story and almost only visual differences to the enemies. Close combat is stupidly hard in comparison to distant combat. I can not recommend this. It’s not without its good sides however. It has charming graphics with some silly humor thrown in for good measure. You can play with controller and friends. They did throw in under water levels where you have to find air bubbles for breathing, so it’s not all the same all the time.If you liked Diablo 2 but thought to yourself, “This is way too complicated”, then this is for you.PS: It works for LINUX!"
,Not Recommended,269210,22185358,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Azul,"Warning: Game may run sub-60FPS for no reason at all. Play the game at a lower resolution in windowed or fullscreen. HavingBattle.netlauncher open is also reported to help.Gameplay is still alright with the Dev's working actively to better implement changes. However, if the game's running sub-60 then you may want to consider a refund as there has been no effort put forward to bugfix."
76561198103874486,Not Recommended,269210,28629763,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Darius,"Ok, i like this game, played it quite a bit, but goddamn its bugged.. Its been about 3 years since its realese from early access, and its now 3rd season and new 2.0 version, but...THE BUGS THAT WERE 3 YEARS AGO ARE STILL HERE!!! (a lot of them)LIke come on...Really?There ar 3 major DLCs witch cost allmost as much as the game itself and there are plans for 4th dlc.If you really need money, then fix the damn game, not add 50$ worth of DLCs to game where sometimes enemy deals 50hp demage and sometimes 50% of total hp, and then you die in 2 hits.When all worst bugs (that couse insta death) are fixed, I promise that i will buy all of your main DLCs and maybe others as well.PS. Its great what you've done with the fps... I can play gta 5 on high, but here if you get fire or explosions on screen the game just slows down to like 0.25 normal speed, but fps stays at 60...Its better than 10-15 fps i guess."
,Not Recommended,269210,23253169,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Denilson Sá,"I've played two characters so far: Viking and Pyromancer. I've played with an Xbox gamepad.Pros:+ Nice graphics+ Nice sounds+ Large selection of charactersCons:- The in-game options screen is incomplete. You can't change certain options in-game, you need to go back to the main menu.- Scenario gets in the way (visually). Sometimes you can't see stuff because it is behind a house, or a tree. Okay, trees get transparent when you move behind them, but houses don't. Still, it requires moving behind it. It is annoying.- Scenario gets in the way (movement). Sometimes when I'mrunningwalkingaway from enemies, I get stuck and end up dying. Then I noticed that there was a pillar or tree that I couldn't see because it was transparent.- Pyromancer attack is ranged. However, even though it can move in any direction (analog stick), it can ONLY shoot in 4 straight directions (even with the analog stick!).- Pyromancer attacks miss enemies even though visually I believe they should have hit.- First boss while playing Pyromancer: a skeleton that is immune to ranged attacks.- While playing a melee character inside a dungeon, both one enemy and the boss were knocked back to behind the dungeon walls. They stayed there, at the ""void"", outside the dungeon, a location that was supposed to be solid and that no enemy or item should be at.- Pressing B to quit the inventory screen also counts as ""advance to the next wave"".- Pressing D-pad down to move in the inventory screen also counts as ""open teleport spell"".- Grinding. Grinding. Lots of grinding.- Each character requires grinding separately.- Walking speed is relatively slow. But I know you can grind for items to improve it.- Feels a bit confusing without a tutorial. What's the objective? What do I keep when I die?- The inventory screen is confusing. It took me a while to figure out that each empty square is an equippable slot.- Two currencies? In-game gold and in-game crystals? What's that? Is this a freemium game? I bought this game! This is confusing, even more so without a tutorial.- All those NPCs in the main area seem confusing. I don't know what they do. And I don't want to waste time walking from one to another (why is walking so slow? why are they so far apart?).Itlooksa very polished game.But iffeelsvery unpolished.After some grinding to increase the attack strength a lot, playing feels a bit fun. But still confusing and pointless. Without increasing the attack, it feels very boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,269210,35528127,Posted: 6 October,all,Sleepy,1213
76561198065293709,Recommended,269210,22278028,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Akuba,"I am going to be completely honest. I really do believe this game is great. I think the introduction of the mana system balances out many abilities. And I've never really had the issue of running out of mana anyway. Continuing on, I have had lots of fun playing this game and still continue to do so. I play this for about 30 minutes everyday on my way to and from school. But I wouldn't really play this game at home and just sit there. This is more of a ""passing the time"" type of game. None the less I find overall this game to be extremely fun to play."
,Not Recommended,269210,24128086,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HDD,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Full of bugs and crashes.
76561198110775730,Recommended,269210,21736235,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Xen,"Simple, addictive, cheap. Give it a try. You first start with choosing a character. They all have distinctive skills. I highly recommend u Necromancer its so much fun. Making skeletons to fight for u makes the game so easy."
,Not Recommended,269210,26663844,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Battletoad,DLC
76561198073137419,Not Recommended,269210,20339851,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Veles,"Look, I know I only put four hours into this game. However, this game is simple enough to get to know. The problem lies with the devs. I'm sorry Hero Siege, the devs just arn't putting you up to your full potential. Bye bye from my library forever."
,Recommended,269210,30403769,Posted: 8 March,all,BloodshotGamer525,"Fun and cheap. If people complain about some bugs while the game is usually down on sales to $0.59, then that's just a bit stupid to me, you'll get your money's worth and it's fun with friends."
76561198043442807,Recommended,269210,30366029,Posted: 6 March,all,Tickleschitz,"It's a really cool bullet hell game with a Diablo II style and feel. You'll get loot, there's online seasons and a lot of characters. It's only 50 cents right now so just check it out if you want!"
,Recommended,269210,15408946,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Skyz,"Fun game! The singleplayer is a lot of fun and kept me entertained for a while. The multiplayer is a little buggy, but seeing your friends just destroy monsters and saving you when you die is amazing."
,Recommended,269210,9896672,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,El Jefe Rosa,I reccomend this game because it made me came. AMEN
76561198063628942,Recommended,269210,11351195,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Saej,"Fun, original game. Redneck class ftw!"
,Not Recommended,269210,18648570,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mega Drive,"I don't like the gameplay, its slow paced.However I do like the graphics alot, one of the reasons i bought this game was because of the amount of effort put into the visual design, Im also a fan of rpg games, but this game is void of anything new...Boring and repititive..."
,Recommended,269210,32865134,Posted: 27 June,all,Tequelequeteque,It's a very nice game!
76561198310228009,Recommended,269210,33173093,Posted: 3 July,all,<>.<>,A really fun game to play
,Not Recommended,269210,18966792,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Csbears,"I ♥♥♥♥in loved this game to pieces when i first bought this...it brought back some of the feelings i had for Diablo 2,  The massive amounts of monsters, the loot, spamming abilities, and getting one shot on the harder difficulties.  All fond memories to me in different ways.What i didnt like about this game is the way the developer is a inconsistant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who changes WHOLE classes, UI and stats to be♥♥♥♥♥backwards...lets it sink in a few months and then CHANGES IT AGAIN. Heres a few examples of flawless game design:1.) In the previous build of the game there was NO unit collision ( I can walk through any enemy ) to ALL units have collision.2.) I go to pick up and look at a piece of gear side by side and either press F or G to equip or destroy, like in the old build, and it just picks up the armor?? how the ♥♥♥♥ do i equip it now? how do i throw it away? wheres the update that tells me that this game has been turned on its god DAMN head?** Edit ** The developer added in different keys that show you how to either equip or destroy things in your inventory so the world isnt completely over and you can call off the strike.  Its still kind of hard to get used to sweeping changes but thats basically all that happens during this games patches.  Ill edit in if anything else happens.3.) Now that you can see how to equip or drop items you have the very real chance to drop an item and while still in the menu pick up the item that you just dropped....but not just one a whole STACK if depending on how much you threw away....and so when you are fiddling around in the menu an enemy comes along and kills you because you have no ability to stop time or see past your characters inventory screen....awesome.If the dev was looking to model himself after Blizzard North (The dev team for Diablo 2) the thing i wouldnt try to emulate would be buffing the ♥♥♥♥ out of one class or ability and nerfing another to be almost unplayable and not even addressing the issues.This game definitely has some flaws that need to be worked out but if you have the patience of a saint and just love to wait for ridiculous and glaring issues to be worked out then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,269210,19155394,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,coverkillernation,"Let's be clear out of the gate, Hero Seige isn't a perfect game by any token. Many have complained about patches and this and that and how its ruined this and that and blah.I bought the game over the summer, and played it for a short spell. There were other games I was more into at the time, but caught a sale. I knew I'd return to it eventually. I did after the supposed patch and its whatever to me.The game can be a bit static, operating in small areas over a long period of time. Orcs Must Die comes to mind, aside from the trap-laying mechanic. Instead you've got just your wits and weaponry. The Isaac references are clear, the Diablo spirit echoes softly, and so long as you eyeball your stats wisely (and avoid the acid at all costs) random deaths aren't really an issue. Its usually pretty clear.Like I said, its not perfect. It can get a bit dull after a while since it IS so static. But with an hour to kill every here and there, its hard not to come back to the game, even if just with the desire to conquer one act with a new character or on a new difficulty.Make your own consideration when it comes to a buy, but if you catch it on sale, you're not losing nearly as much as people are claiming you are."
,Not Recommended,269210,19806904,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Golf Cart Ghost,"This game was so much fun... I stopped playing for awhile, and was about to come back. I almost bought the new dlc before playing the game, but luckily, I checked to see how the game still functioned. It's unplayable now, don't waste your money until they fix it."
76561197998483102,Not Recommended,269210,20447517,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hatter,Ничего не работает
,Not Recommended,269210,18896163,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,zacvrono,"I'm going to start with the positives. I like the graphics, number of classes (not really how you have to pay $3 for each class past the 1st 7, 12 total) but even 7 is enough. The skills are cool, good sounds, music, and even voices, and the . But all that doesn't matter to me because of the following:1. Laggy on low settings low resoluton on my surface pro 3 256GB I-5, I'm gettig in the range of 8-15FPS I think. It shouldn't have worse fps than something like skyrim does. Diablo 2 runs totally fine too for a genra similar example.2. UI controls. The UI itself is fine, but there are just certian things that don't match up. I couldn't figure out how to talk to NPCs. I think oh ok i'll look up the controls in option menu. They don't apprea there (not being able to customize my controls doesn't bother me, but let me know them). I accessed the options menu from the main menu randomly because after the game crashed a few times when I tabbed out for google searching I though maybe it was in there and I just missed it. I then found you can change the controls (and see them) from the options menu, but only if you go from the main menu,so ok fine F is talk to NPCs thats not a game breaker or anything, but getting information on things in thie game is like pulling teeth.The next UI thing is that I cannot find a way to see your inventory unless you go back to town and talk to an NPC. This is a massive problem because you auto equip anything you pick up. You can't see the stats of an item, but it might be good so you pick it up and it auto equips so you may have picked up something super bad that will now make you much weaker and you have no idea and it seems like you lose what you had equiped before too as there is no bag system. So random unknow stat changing loot win?3. buggy balancing. I was on wave 5, 1-2 shotting everything, then wave 6 comes and everything went from about 100-300 health to 10,000-30,000. I couldn't kill anything all the sudden. even doubling or tripling health would be fine with me, but It took over 40-50 hits to kill something from 1-2 the previous wave, and this also only happened once. after I died and tried agian, wave 6 was 300-400 health for each mob like I expected.For how long this game has been out I am very supprised that is this lacking. I try to be nice to Indies, and I love games like this too, but I cannot reccomend this game as is."
,Not Recommended,269210,18963328,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,KipofMudd,"This game is a whole hell of a lot of fun, at least for a while. Probably more so with friends to take control of the co op or the online multiplayer, which seems relatively laggy and requires you to make characters for that instead of just carrying over your single player characters over. Stupid.This game is buggy as hell. Right now, I don't know how long it has been out or why there's so many damn DLC's for it when there's plenty of bugs throughout the game. There's been plenty of times where I've gotten stuck inbetween things or off the side of the map (which I think you can only get to with the character I use since he hops, but I never try to hop into the corner to get stuck.) There's also a short, strange pause that feels like the game is skipping some  frames or something after every single round. That's just annoying as hell and really bothers my eyes.The core mechanic and idea of the game is pretty great, however you won't know what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening if you don't take some time out to read some ♥♥♥♥ing guides for the game. I don't feel like typing out a guide here but trust me, it's very necessary that you look up some things, such as the fact that there are statues that spawn that could help you or give you permanent debuffs (holy v. demonic), the potions you pick up could help you or severly hinder you, and finally you'll have to look up the actual stats of a large amount of the artifacts you find while playing because their short little descriptions are usually unhelpful.Then there's crypts and dungeons that randomly spawn inbetween waves. Then apparently there's shops sometimes hidden throughout the randomly generated map which sells things from buffs to just artifacts.All in all this game has a phenomenal idea and is relatively fun to play, however right now with all the bugs and just the lack of explanation in game, I can't actually recommend this game. I think I might keep palying this game and if there's ever an update to fix a few of the things I listed here I will change my review."
76561198052375723,Not Recommended,269210,20388027,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Philabulous,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥i got randomly perma-banned
76561198237811270,Not Recommended,269210,20465975,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jaszy,"Don't waste your time on something that should be F2P and costs!It seems like one of those fun hacknslashers til' you hit the;1- Balance? WHERE?2- Clunky movement3- Horrible lag, crashes etc.4- Lacking items, compared to alot of other decent ""ARPGS""5- PvP; WTF?2/10, drinking bleach seems to be more fun!"
76561198103031342,Recommended,269210,23158740,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,EthanMWG,A great game that has the binding of Isaac style controls and severely difficulty modes.
,Not Recommended,269210,34344138,Posted: 18 August,all,MewMew,Though i do really  enjoy this game. i am rather fed up  each time there is a season  change my  progress gets erased. Really what is up with that?
,Recommended,269210,9305986,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Osterberg,This is an awesome game! Well worth it's money. Countless hours of fun.
76561198265908488,Recommended,269210,30443390,Posted: 11 March,all,Saints->DJremiomix,Best game ever.i don t stop play with my friends in many arenas and boses with interseting heroes
,Recommended,269210,16624503,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Yollnir,killed satan with an epic balalayka solo10/10 best game
,Not Recommended,269210,23050387,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","I dunno what the hype is about unless I did something wrong?character walks too slow, you need to pay real monz to get some♥♥♥♥♥♥ no real directions or guides or objectives, just ""go kill things in that direction maybe?""I honestly can't recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,269210,34188905,Posted: 12 August,all,Freddols,"This game seems very nice from the trailers and screenshots, but it has a few very big problems that made me refund this game...Cons:- Has very bad keyboard and gamepad controlls (even though it claims to have full controller support)- Loading time to get to the actual game lobbies takes way too long- Its too complex to start out with right away, and has no tutorial what so ever- Just not fun overallPros:- Has some very cool pixelated graphics- has a semi-ok soundtrack- Might be fun to play with a friend (Which i did, but the cons were too big to have any sort of fun)Overall terrible game, especially at its full price."
,Recommended,269210,9163974,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,webs,"This is a very fun, yet easy to get started with, action rogue-like game.  In the same vein as Binding of Isaac you'll find randomized levels and plenty of items to augment gameplay.  These relics can help in many ways and will change your gameplay style when you collect them.  More characters are being added and with co-op on the way this game will have a good bit of replayability.Come over and visit us athttp://www.reddit.com/r/HeroSiegeif you have any questions or just want to check out some media from the game."
,Not Recommended,269210,11680105,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Nonon,"First of all, you get to choose and upgrade your characters, equip them with hats, and when you die you keep your levels gained and thus your ability/stat upgrades as well. The characters themselves are all fairly diverse, with active abilities and different ways to upgrade your regular attacks. As the game is completely reliant on RNG you will definitely have a few ""wtf"" moments where you just die. In a lot of cases getting hit once or twice is insta-death. The tombs and crypts are usually so hard that I just ignore them. Some of the bosses are stupidly easy and some are nearly impossible with certain classes.The creativity factor is there. The enemies are fairly generic but the designs and sprites are not bad. The voice acting is unimpressive. Personally I have beat the first area boss (which is a random boss each time of course) several times but upon reaching the second area I just get overwhelmed and shortly die, every time.The game is fairly fun. I play it from time to time and I got it on sale for cheap. A week or two after I got this game they released the DLC which basically says ""Buy our DLC for $6 or you won't get any updates"" and it's a slap in the face. Another reviewer said that he noticed some of the artifacts are stolen straight from Binding of Isaac. I would say that this game is definitely worth buying if it's on sale, and i'd say to wait until the DLC goes on sale if you plan on buying it. If you want to support a real action roguelike, go check out Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,269210,11606958,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Jehnovah,Creators I do Enjoy this game tremendously but have a few things to ask of you!1- Give Relic View a scrollable option or make them smaller in size2- Give a highlight to character if behind walls or off map3- Get rid of stat decimals they tend to get overlapped anyways
76561198047007101,Recommended,269210,9235852,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,1994 Subaru Outback,THIS GAME IS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
,Not Recommended,269210,11544444,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,F0l2saken,"This company gets a 0 in my book because of their deceptive DLC marketing.  Don't fall for the ""Online multiplayer"", they don't tell you the online multiplayer is in a very early alpha, and it doesn't even work for a majority of the people.   If you read the steam community posts, nobody can get it to work with online multiplayer.  It either doesn't let you register at all, or crashes after you pick a character.   Great game from deceptive advertisers.Steam should NOT ALLOW it to say multiplayer when it's a blatant lie, I'm going to contact them to complain about this and demand a refund on this garbage."
76561198063033383,Recommended,269210,13629839,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jaxir,"Hard, addictive making you regret every death but still containing right amount of character progress. Unless you are masochist and playing on hardcore.This fast paced rpg from top down perspective have simplistic pixolated graphic, similar to clasics like zelda or god of thunder. Or jrpgs.Wide variety of characters, some of them original (chainsaw wielding redneck...?!?) some of them classc fantasy cliche (marksman, viking) provides just right playstyle for everyone.Pros:-adictive gameplay-swift pace-very nice controls-random bonuses, loot, artefacts-active and passive character skills in character develop tree-dungeons and simple questsCons:-not enough info about characters, everything have to be learned on a go (no info about their possible skills while choosing one, hidden character passives (ie viking and his every third whirlwind attack and similar)"
,Recommended,269210,13720152,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Law,"While it is still in development, it's an entirely playable game with the possibility of hundreds of hours of playtime. Lots of variety in character choice and playstyle. One of the few games where the developers really do care, updating crucial aspects of the game weekly."
76561198037146393,Recommended,269210,33725986,Posted: 22 July,all,ᴺᶦᶰᵗᵉᶰᵈᵒ ☁,A very enjoyable action RPG. Plenty of characters to choose from and everyone should find something to suit their playstyle along with the different possible builds for each character. There are a lot of levels and they keep you challenged throughout the game without being too easy or too difficult. There are also a lot of different difficulty levels available so the game definitely has a lot to it to keep you interested and playing. The art style is cool and there are unique elements in each level. Highly recommended if you like ARPGs and are looking for a nice casual one to pass some time on.
76561198275206686,Recommended,269210,34192053,Posted: 12 August,all,sixpennygolem,a great game and time killer. can get frusterating at times
,Recommended,269210,30369296,Posted: 7 March,all,Nixiebit,"Pretty fun game to waste time (or play in class), I haveb't gotten to the 'end game' yet but I am having alot of fun leveling my character up my highest level is 93 I think maybe more. This game is fun with friends I assume (I have no friends ;-;)."
,Recommended,269210,34251018,Posted: 15 August,all,Zanjiri,its awesome! best 2d RPG I ever played just in single playerbut... ♥♥♥♥ing cheaters are everywhere
76561198137796101,Recommended,269210,26417991,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sackajawea,"If you're looking for a 16-bit era Diablo/Binding Of Isaac type game, look no further. Loot drops are plentiful and the relic system is a refreshing idea in the hack and slash framework of the game. The ins and outs of the game mechanics do take some time to understand, but once you do figure stuff out the game just gets better and better. I wish I had a game like this on my SNES when I was a kid."
,Not Recommended,269210,30530440,Posted: 15 March,all,FEARFUL,"I guess one of my friends just had the best description for this game I have ever heard:""hero siege used to be a game about hell until it became actual hell"""
76561198144512013,Not Recommended,269210,34351367,Posted: 19 August,all,Danky Weiner,Glitchy...
76561198076491216,Not Recommended,269210,20903771,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Not Bill Murray,"paid .89 or .99 for this game. Waste of money seeing as i cant play on multiplayer while everyone else can.""no internet connection or servers are down""my buddy is playing it online as i type this, and obviously due to the face that i can post a ♥♥♥♥ing review my internet works.i dont expect much from an almost free game, but to be able to actually play it is a must.0/10would rathat buy hamburger from mcdonalds and have explosive♥♥♥♥♥♥spells."
,Recommended,269210,28585977,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Chavi,Fun hack and slash game. Is still being supported by it's developer
,Recommended,269210,23190266,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,OctiviaLuna,"Many things can be said about this game, so I'll just go into the pros and cons.Pros: It's a well done roguelike game.It's spiced up enough that you don't have to stick to one class and be stuck only with that one class. (although...)The game is different each time, as you never know what items you are going to get.Cons: There is an abundant amount of issues with the game that are thankfully constantly being patch, but it can be bothersome from time to time.There is a bit of a paywall to access every single class, but it's slightly understandable.There is very little end game content. Once you've beaten every single boss and stage, it's just going back to grinding.All in all, it's a good game. It's not this special little snowflake of a roguelike, but it's a roguelike done well. 3/5 stars."
76561198007429976,Not Recommended,269210,24195844,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,RogueDeus,"I wanted to enjoy Hero Siege more than I did.After an hour or so, I walked away and will likely never play it again.The two primary flaws that sucked any long term enjoyment out of the experience, were the clunky UI and the four direction lock on attacks. (Up,Down,Left,Right)This is NOT a user friendly game.I will look forward to a better engineered sequel."
,Recommended,269210,35257243,Posted: 28 September,all,Pedophile Pete,"good, i guess. :D"
76561198093335796,Recommended,269210,16332642,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kanberyama,"Dungeons,monster,relics relics relics and guess what ?!?!?! ... RELICS"
76561198101198635,Recommended,269210,16611635,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Caitie.May,"I absolutely love this game. It's simple, yet frustrating just enough to keep you entertained and continuing to want to play. I haven't even made it to the second world yet, but I haven't let that discourage me, which is why I continue to play it, even though I suck lol.Definitely recommend for some simple-minded hack and slash fun."
76561198082069557,Recommended,269210,23006476,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Bill_Nazi,Its a Really fun Game to Just go Around and Kill Stuff
,Not Recommended,269210,28555833,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,alex.winstead2009,"Its basically a harder to control (you can't change the controls) wave-based, grindfest, pixelated, non-openworld and cheaper version of diablo 3, when I say that I dont mean its like Diablo 3, Its literally Diablo 3 in all ways down to the font."
76561198057600045,Recommended,269210,29483481,Posted: 25 January,all,thevibe27,"Fun little game, played around 15 hours than moved on. So don't pay too much for it but if you like the style of gameplay I recommend. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,269210,23027188,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Vaqqo,I would recommend this! 10/10 DLC is amazing and the combat is very fun and never boring. I would recommend this game to people who want to kill some time in a hell themed killing machine game!
76561198127939301,Recommended,269210,17164107,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tessa Brooks,"They changed this game alot over the past few months. They have a flow of updates , good gameplay and is decently priced. My only problem is that i cant beet stage one. I have to be honest. I SUCK."
76561198119779922,Recommended,269210,35039407,Posted: 17 September,all,SimplyAloha,this game is pretty fun when playing with friends.
,Recommended,269210,30430077,Posted: 10 March,all,blezie,Diablo 3 for 0.59€  11/11
,Not Recommended,269210,30422698,Posted: 10 March,all,Ace_of_Knaves,"$$$ Microtransactions everywhere. $$$This half-baked, unfinished Binding of Isaac/Diablo clone screams developer apathy. It borrows heavily from popular titles while contributing nothing in return.The game is overwhelmingly unbalanced. Gameplay is tedious and boring. It screams pay-to-finish from the moment you turn it on. The voices are so lame, I had to play it with the sound off.I wouldn't recommend this game to an enemy. It's not worth 0,59€ I paid for it on sale. I wish I could delete it from the library.There are so many other games that blow this miserable attempt out of the water. If you're considering buying (hell even pirating) this game, do yourself a favor and download some Adam Sandler movies instead. Your hard-drive will thank you."
,Not Recommended,269210,23276706,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Bomb 'Endi18' Jovi,"I am painfuly giving this game a negative review, because i just can no recommend it anymore. It started out as a fun game, with fun mechanics, a bit varied playstyle, interesting environments and a cool concept, kinda like the binding of isaac. Now i can say for sure that it is just a grindfest. Despite me and my sister got enough playtime out of it and had our fair share of fun, i can not and probably will not play it further, and i dont see investing time in this game worthwhile, hence the negative review."
,Recommended,269210,24181678,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,.detox,"Game worth buying and playing.It's simple, brutal and funny. Yummy!"
76561198271293063,Not Recommended,269210,30637683,Posted: 20 March,all,Miha Jamer,why do all my relics and items reset every few hours is't anoying it is making me hate the game
,Recommended,269210,16523268,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,2ez,"This game is good and very challenging because of its features and difficulty. If I were to rate this game probably 7/10, well its not that it has a bit like graphics but the gameplay and stuff are cool and exciting. giving it a 7/10 is the best rate I can give for it has more cons than pros =_= (im sorry).Pros:+Easily to Control - easy to control because of the basic keys like W A S D and Arrow Keys. well you may also use the mouse but keyboard and controller option is best for this game.+Different Mobs in every level - this is the one that I like! because mobs differ, other hack & slash games mobs dont differ you keep on fighting the same mob over and over again.+Items - Equipments and relic are found in every field, dungeon, crypt and also the shop which is not found in the town but in the field itself. damn monster i need to finish all of you before the shops opens.Cons:+Relics!!! - Relics are those items that helps your character! but when you die all those relics will vanish. 30+ relics your character has many buffs and effects but after you die back to normal.+Gold Coins - you need coins to buy stuffs - stat, items & relic. but when you die again all of it will vanish. spends 6hours looting and all then die.. ♥♥♥♥ it.+Shop - you can only open the shop after every wave... you also need a key to open it. without it you cannot buy any potion.. and stuff. GOOD LUCK+Potions - Some potion backfires!! haft health bar ... need to kill this monsters... drinks potion... Flies!! WHAT THE! -Died+RESTART - every time you die you restart... I hate it.. no continue.WELL this game is awesome but with some imperfection..I like the game..the items..hate relics..like the effects..I love Bit graphics..not so heavy game..(y) give it a shot! You will totally love this game!"
76561198205404737,Not Recommended,269210,22979962,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mecha Madness,"I can only say, this game isn't what I thought it'd be.Besides, controls for PC suck. highly.This game's bad, don't buy it, not even at a discount."
,Not Recommended,269210,21218938,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,CoopLoop,Game is not fun. Its as simple as that. Boring gameplay. I reccomend a game like Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne. They are way better.
,Recommended,269210,11339184,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Weasel699,its a fun game and if the multiplayer really works  then it's be good to play with friends
,Not Recommended,269210,21634579,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,LOLIMETH,Game crash
,Recommended,269210,21631196,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EnGeeMoon,"Wonderful game! I love it!At first I wasn't sure, but when I load it first time, it looks with very nice graphics and it is this kind of games that begging to be played!So, I start with Nomad (which is really good!) and then went through the first ACT. I died within 5 seconds I think. Then I tried again and again, but still dying very fast!Then I got it!! It is like the old good games! Run Run, then hit, then run run, then hit. I also figured out to use the traps to kill the enemies. That's it, everything else depends on how you move your character!Then I bought the DLCs which add/unlock some contents in the game. So far, it has been a wonderful experience.I don't have any problem with stability or control. I use xbox 360 controller with Windows 10 and a budget nVidia card (GTX 750).Anyway, there is maybe a bug when I played Nomad after updating the game with the DLCs. The enemy’s health was increasing when I hit them!!! But, it might be a curse as I touched the Demon statue!The gameplay is fantastic really. There are many differences between the characters and this affect the way of attacking and defence. It also has many variations of elements and enemies. Well, I don't know why some others rated it negatively but for me (and I'm not that good in action games! ) it is an excellent game and I didn't find it difficult at all, of course at Normal difficulty!"
,Not Recommended,269210,21829771,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Stungun,"Bought this a while ago, I think when it was on sale. Finally got around to playing it over a year later. What I found was a bunch of locked content barred behind DLC doors, a painfully difficult start (my first few runs died in the first minute of gameplay until I was finally able to find some equipment), no ingame explanation of how to even play, and a glaring UI bug -- the numerical portion of your health gauge doesn't change no matter how much damage you take. (The actual bar works, and the mana gauge works fine, but not the numerical part of the health gauge -- it always reads full) Seriously, that kind of a glitch indicates nobody's ever even bothered to playtest this thing. Then there's also rat nests spawning outside the reachable gameplay area. And then there's the fact if you get unlucky with a statue early on, you can take a -40 penalty to Strength, which can make it gonegative-- and moreover, make yourdamage output become negative. That's right, your main attackheals enemieswhile you're below 0 Strength.It's also rather chilling to see the first five reviews on this page being all negative, and three out of five of them blaming the developers for being vindictive, deleting criticisms from the forum, and even banning said critics from both the forums AND the game's multiplayer -- all for the supposed purpose of maintaining their 'motivation'. This is very bad PR, and bad PR leaves permanent black marks on a developer's reputation. Far worse than losing motivation for working on a single game, as that reputation can carry over to future created games.Also... is it just me or are there a lot of ripped ideas fromThe Binding of Isaacin this game? I'm seeing too many similarities for it to be mere coincidence or marked up to 'inspiration'.It's kinda fun although parts of it are on the tedious side, but I'll play it because I've already paid for it. But for most players I would advise against buying it, as I personally do not want to see negligent debugging, DLC onslaughts, and developers banning criticisms supported further."
,Recommended,269210,21979681,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,HarHarHar,"Good game, has a few glitches but if they get fixed, this will be perfect."
,Not Recommended,269210,29037117,Posted: 5 January,all,Аноним,"the original hero seige for mobile was great (the free version)The game is alright but instead of it being $6 bring it up to $20 and ad the dlc with it.It's worth playing but you won't get very far before you start to get bored with itbeating the game takes about 6 hours or so after that, all it is, is grinding for better gear"
,Not Recommended,269210,30403844,Posted: 8 March,all,depresso espresso,"realm of the mad god but more detailed and wave based. multiplayer is such a hassle to do, either no servers or peer to peer needing long setup involvving ports and such. friend spent 40 minutes trying to make it work and couldnt, official servers are too laggy to play properly. i bought this for online but that cant be done"
76561198002447542,Not Recommended,269210,21304889,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Spoon498,There is something here... Its like I'm 8 years old again and there's a big pile of leafs. God damn that'd be fun to jump in. But when you jump in its full of nails and broken glass and like... dirty siringes used by drug addicts who probably have hep B. Sure if they put this fun retro pile of leafs through the leaf filter and took all that crap out it'd be a lot of fun...EXAMPLE. I was in a skype call with a friend who I was playing with.  I thought to myself I'm going to turn down the Music volume to hear better. I click the option and go to move it down to zero. Instead what it does turn itself all the way up and the ball that you click goes off of the option menu waaaay over to the right. Turns out... this is the loudest volume. OH then you try to turn it down but for some reason you can never get it back down to even the original volume *which is plenty loud* so its stuck at blaring.NO PROBLEM! There's a master Volume Off button! *click* .... *click* *click* *click* Oh right.... doesn't work either.Literally have to leave the game change the setting then  you can start again.... joy.In conclusion... Fix Yo $#% This feels more like an alpha... Not a beta... Game companies are trying to get away with more and more now a days. You don't need a player base to regonize some of these OBVIOUS problems.
76561198045125973,Not Recommended,269210,21643004,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BOB LOBLAW,"This review is based on online co-op (I have not bothered with single player).The game itself is fun (especially with friends), but the game has been out for 2 years yet there is a ridiculous amount of crashes, some infuriating bugs, and many server issues.  It's uncommon be able to finish the 30 waves per Act in one go without one of my party mermbers or myself crashing (and since there is no hot-join, you will have to exit and remake the game and restart the Act).  The bugs I mentioned before are Relic pickup glitches and even sometimes items/relics lost upon reloading (rare but has occured with 2 friends of mine) which is enough to make any gamer rage. The most frustratng was figuring out how to connect with friends online.  The dedicated servers and even peer-to-peer are inconsistent for visibility of friends games in the lobby.TL;DRThe game itself is probably worth it for the $6 price tag, but DO NOT expect a smooth online experience until (if ever) the bugs/crashes have been fixed.  If you do choose to gamble on this game, the only reliable solution (from my experience) to connecting with friends is for the host to forward port 5610 and having your friends ""Connect to IP"""
,Not Recommended,269210,21648495,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Otabaquenga,THIS GAME IT'S A CRASH SIMULATOR
,Not Recommended,269210,21657082,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Cat,"Hero Siege, simply put, is an extraordinarily affordable yet underwhelming title.Its gameplay intentionally carries heavy Diablo, and consequently Torchlight, vibes which is very pleasant for those seeking a bit of nostalgia but beyond that Hero Siege is severely lacking. The user interface is extremely clunky with awkard key commands in place of far more convenient cursor navigations seen in essentially every other game in existence. This factor alone prevents just about any enjoyment.Bottom line is that this game is appropriately priced but I still wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,269210,21863929,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Gruedo,"Honestly not very fun. Certainly not worth the asking price. Maybe pick it up during a sale for <$1 to have fun with friends. Otherwise, stay away."
76561198012642569,Not Recommended,269210,28430020,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Blak Upp,"""Hello everyone!Its time to nominate Hero Siege for the Steam Awards! If the game wins an award, we will be celebrating it by bringing even more awesome content and hours to the base game!In order to nominate, click the store link and scroll down a bit. there is a big button for nominating :) ""Can not suggest."
,Not Recommended,269210,34093842,Posted: 7 August,all,Lucky Star: IzumI(泉こなた),Going back on your promise makes you a liar.
76561197987915897,Not Recommended,269210,34274624,Posted: 16 August,all,Nytebeast,Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,269210,21629311,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,"Amin ^,^",Meeh. Definitly not the game that is being promoted. Its utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Prepare for crashes every 5 minutes and a multyplayer mode thats completely♥♥♥♥♥♥with constant people spamming in the chat.Definity not worth the Money. I wouldnt even download the game if it was Free !♥♥♥♥♥♥Game
,Not Recommended,269210,21635229,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dj depleted brain $ell$,"this game is ♥♥♥♥kking cancer, everyone should just take the time and mourn MLK juinor's death because this was the cause of it. It gave him to much cancer that the japs could not handle it anymore, so they invade china searching for the devs. Turns out the devs were a bunch of autistic gooks working for Hideki Tojo (jap leader during ww2) fk off dumbazz japs.Edit: I am currently on my death bed, thank you autism siege. I just wanted to add that this game is one of the best game I've ever played. Just kidding die."
76561198082151427,Not Recommended,269210,21681494,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Crazy88,"Amateur developers with *bad* attitutes. Latest patches made the game hugely unfun; thanks for fixing something that wasn't broken whilst introducing new problems.""Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to make yourself look like an %$#hole infront of a large gaming community"""
,Not Recommended,269210,28576727,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Iddy - (Shaggy),"What can I say about this game, apart from the reviews are pretty correct. The game seems to be a bit buggy, the additional   DLC price especially for the Shaman, which is just a class is $4.99?? I respect the time and effort put into this game, but when you can barely hit anything in-game in multiplayer it gets frustrating.But hey, I would recommend this as a singleplayer grind."
,Not Recommended,269210,28401003,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,おおきい,"EDIT: At first, I did recommend the game however after hearing news about how the creators/mods/etc have treated their customers along with further progression showing me only terrible glitches that they, themselves, have denied existed or need to be fixed. Even going so far as saying that this game is still in beta.....after a full 2-3 years of being on steam. Even at 5$, don't buy this. Not even as a gag. Don't support the creators until they decide to fix their game. It's broken and shouldn't be up in such a bad condition along with blatently being rude to their customers and removing the posts of people giving critisms on their forums.* = an edit.Alright, so first off, lets just start with what you'll be introduced to first upon entering the game's world. These will be seperated into pros/cons respectively afterwards, but first I'm going to give you an explanation of how the game felt to me (and me alone. Obviously, this first bit will be biased.)You get your 5 minute download complete and you start the game up. The companys are shown before you're presented with the main menu. If you've played the 2nd Diablo game, you may feel some small vibes from the game, because I did personally. You're presented with Single Player and Multiplayer, along with options and the option to exit the game, along with the ""Hero Siege"" title presented above the selections. Most likely, you're going to hit Single Player.There are literally more character slots then there are characters. So go wild.Once you enter the character selection, you'll see hardcore mode and go ""Well there's the Diablo vibes he was talking about."" where if you die you're perma dead and have to make a new character. You select your character and enter. Again, you're going to feel very light Diablo II vibes. You check the shop and see you can only sell, but not buy. You go up and find a blue rift, so you enter it, then you go to the left and step on the roman numeral for 1 and enter the rift that pops up.Now, the combat.Also take note that the music cues and the announcer is just....PERFECT. Lol.Enemies at first seem a bit tanky. I'm gonna tell you this, with how OP items can get at only 15 (and yes, they are by definition Over Powered) enemies being tanky will be a mere memory and you'll be slaying everything with one shot and straight up rushing. Your character is level 35, and enemies are slightly becoming tanky again. You will most likely disregard it and still rush in thinking you're still the OP beast you once were, and you'll die from getting bashed from literally every angle from allowing yourself to get boxed in, along with enemies glitching via teleporting or simply making your screen freeze for a few seconds simply from spawning in.You then go to the main menu and almost click quit game, but then you notice the Multiplayer selection. You suddenly go ""Well....maybe it's more fun to play with others."" And then almost as soon as you login after a long loading screen, you eat your words as you enter the most laggiest lobbies even if you enter the region that you're in with just the best wifi around. Your teammates most likely rush a lot just because they know they aren't alone, and will die a lot. You spend 10 seconds to revive them and will average a total of one minute and 30 seconds out of every 15 minutes (if you even manage to stay connected that long.) Have fun being the opposite of the reaper for the entire multiplayer experience, or you can just make the person think you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥and go off somewhere else ignoring his revival circle.You get disconnected after spiking heavily, then say ""Eh, what the heck. It's just a minor d/c."" You then realise that the game doesn't auto save frequently, because before the d/c you were 45 and had a tonne of gear, now you're 35 and all of your gear is suddenly gone due to an irreversal loading error that cannot be fixed apparentally because I had this game for a good year and they haven't fixed it. The servers also seem like they got worse. You rage quit harder, and consider uninstalling, but you most likely enjoyed the singleplayer so you held onto it and waited for the next time you had literally nothing to do.SO! You got my biased part of the review out of the way. Here's the ""General"" review. I will take each piece of the puzzle and put it together next to a # rating. 1 = Bad | 10 = GoodGameplay - 4: It's fun! It's entertaining and is a nice grindy beat-em-up dungeon crawler/treasure hunter. It's like a discount Binding of Isaac if it had sex with discount Diablo. *Now, that's if you disregard the glitches. But with the glitches, the game just SUCKS. No way around it...*Multiplayer - (Official Server Hosting:2 Peer-To-Peer Hosting:4) The official servers suck so badly. That's all I can really say for that. Peer-To-Peer is pretty much hosting your own server, which for the most part fixes the lag issue to an extent. It at least makes it easier to play without disconnecting so frequently. I know this because I've played the majority with my girlfriend (all the way in Japan and we both still had good connectivity compared to the official server(s).) and we had plenty of fun playing together on there, however we both encountered the bug that makes our gear disappear and our levels drop due to rare auto-saves.Bug Free/Playability - (BF:1 Playability:*3*) Oh damn. It's bugged alright. *It is playable but....the glitches really ruin the mood as they're so frequent.* Nothing more to really add, just saying if you can ignore the mere gear/relic/level deletion, it really isn't that bad.Intruiging - 3.5: Honestly, I can't say it's boring at face value but it's definetally not attractive. I'll probably play it for 30 minutes then get off and do something else. But it's something I'll always come back to once in awhile, and maybe with my friends.Story - There isn't any. Unless you count slashing through mobs and randomly killing bosses as ""story"".DLC - (*) I haven't bought any DLC however some accessories and characters are locked behind them. I can't make even a biased review on them because I honestly don't really want to buy them. Technically, I'd rate the DLC at 1 from face value as I'm not really intruiged by any of the other characters. *The fact that they are being so rude to their customers and deciding to not fix bugs, in essence making the game a mere cash grab. Seriously. Just don't waste your money or time.*Community - 2: They are either silent or illiterate kids being angry in the lobby chat. If you're going to play, just go P-T-P with a friend.Overall - *1*: *This game is a nightmare. It's a wreck. It's a ruin. It's a cash grab. It's so. Very. Bad. I'm so sad that I can't get a refund so I don't have to fund the creators deciding to make such terrible broken games that are mere cash grabs, scams. I'm going to refund the gift I gave to my girlfriend so I can buy something else that's better and put heart into, even if the game is only 5$. Don't support the company until they learn to actually fix their coding.*"
76561198075118713,Recommended,269210,34554393,Posted: 28 August,all,n O. s L E E P,"Even though its obvious that this game was inspierd by dark souls i wouldn't call it souls like. This game has its own style and mechanics that are very well made. It was created mainly for mobile devicies and u can see that during your playtrough, but its still playable on PC with both M&KB or controller. Sweet indie game 8/10."
76561198036808328,Recommended,269210,13630857,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Babylon,"It's pretty slow paced. That's the first thing I noticed when I started this game.This rogue like game, Hero Siege is a top down 3rd person shooter/fighter. There are several characters which contain but are not limited to, Viking, Pyromancer, Necromaniac, Lumberjack, Pirate, and more. Each of the classes sport a very unique play style while all typically having a base speed.Items in this game aren't very common to come by, and level progression is fairly simple.Pros:+Several unique classes+Game visuals look good+Interactive environment+Monsters are difficult(ish)+Music is alrightCons:-Voice acting is pretty bad-All dialogue is pretty poorly written-Interface and menus all work like they're meant for controller-Settings menu is pretty sparce-Slow (More of a preference)-Enemies that aren't tough mainly just have a lot of health or you just take too much damage-Progression is kind of slow-Item drop rateWhile the cons seem to outweigh the pros, it's not that bad of a game. It'd be way better if certain elements were fixed such as the shoddy voice acting, level progression, and things that kill you basically immediately without you being able to do much on your part, but I guess that's part of the rogue like genre.Overall, 6/10."
,Recommended,269210,13726783,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,I Am Noob,"Really love this game , getting really addicted =)"
76561198119636311,Recommended,269210,30497749,Posted: 13 March,all,Hedas™,yeah this game hella lit. got 4 codes for 1.49 tho so you know
76561198048086872,Not Recommended,269210,11240038,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,terrox🐯,"Chunky explosions get in the way, hard to see what is going on. No diagonal shooting? Pointless gore, gore is awesome but gibblets flying out of a tree is weird."
,Recommended,269210,13648108,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ajchili,"The game is great, love the classes and leveling system. However, if you are looking at this game for it's multiplayer you should hold off. The multiplayer is full of bugs. The bugs can be small like invisible friendlies of major such as character switching. The multiplayer is also only avaliable with the dlc at the moment(it'll be free later according to the dev). Other than that, this game is a great way to spend time."
,Recommended,269210,13653029,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mythrax,"Ridiculously addictive and fun little game, plenty of replayability and really fun with friends too.Can't recommend this little gem enough!"
76561197994700960,Recommended,269210,13728391,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,rburdiss,Very fun game. I am currently about 8 hours in and just now finished the 2nd act. I bought solely for single player so have not tried the multiplayer but no issues as of yet except for items sometimes falling into areas you cannot reach.  Pretty difficult at times and sometimes to the point I just rage quit but always seem to find myself coming back a few minutes later for some more. Higly reccomend.
,Recommended,269210,13697721,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dr. Mantoots,"Quick and dirty dungeon grinder/shooter game where you pick a character, shoot stuff, level up and get cool upgrades.  After 5 hours I've not managed to get off the first level yet.... but I love playing it."
76561198069758075,Recommended,269210,13741465,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,mrjames0206,"This game is amazing, would die 29/30 waves everytime just to start at 1 again"
,Not Recommended,269210,11542188,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Takalol,"PS: Pardon if you are the devs and are spending time trying to balance out and make this game better, just ignore my review and go on with your lives, work hard and make it a good game so I can recommend it. I will correct this review if the game makes up for my expectations in the future.PPS: This review will present some terms adherent to MMORPGs, other games, or just terms that I created since I am lazy to look out for the correct terms to be used. I am going to start this review by poiting out the good sides of this game and why someone would buy it. Then pointing out my opinions (which are mostly negative) on this game based on other similar games I've played, or games with similar mechanics that are pretty referenced within this game.First of all, this game looks very promising, it has many mechanics that may work in the future if more polished, it has many things that would work if the developers spent more time on it  has a pretty good presentation and a good amount of references hidden within, the Character creation looks like Diablo 2, the skill builds work similarly to Diablo 2 too, both mechanically and aesthetically, the way the light goes through the stage after finishing it looks a lot like the Den of Evil from the same game, the game makes lots of references of The Binding of Isaac too, which is another roguelike that has many similar mechanics. I would point both of them as being the main drivers of this game, along with Diablo 3, that has many mechanics ""referenced"", such as the elite enemies, some of them have similar powers, such as Cold Enchanted freezing the player character for some seconds that may kill him, while others may explode and send out a globe of laser that (will, most of the time, if unseen) kill the player character too. I like the way the developers tried to create many classes and how they try to work differently, the necromancer summons minions to aid him, while the Viking goes straight for melee combat doing hard crowd control. The game is separated in acts, just like the now-so-famous Action RPGs, it also resembles old time games such as Smash TV, you wait for the monsters to come, and exterminate them while trying to dodge them and stuff like that. Okay, end of the positive parts.If the developers were trying to make their game similar to The Binding of Isaac + Blizzard Stuff + Pixel Art + Original IdeasGold feels useless for most of the time, while crystals are just ""cash"" that can be used on some pretty cute/cool stuff like hats, it is also used for resetting the character or renaming it, these character features should be free or with small work needed by default to incentive players to change names and try new different builds, but are pretty expensive.Damage done by the player is extremely hard to see, numbers are small and travel too fast, and are also decimal.Hidden traps can be utterly strong without previous knowledge since the player couldn't see them, and are mostly luck based when they spawn, if it hits the player, the mobs or nothing. Grabbing potions on the ground may mean player's death if she happens to grab one that is among the gold/loot while a blood maggot/other strong mob is shooting at you. Since the players stops all animations for extremely valuable 0.5 sec.Some bosses will 1 shot a squishier character with no way to read how much damage they would deal, just like the ""girl spirits""  Annie or Samar, they just spawn going lightning speed toward the player while dealing like 50% damage in 1 hit, no clue what happened and just died. Also, their projectiles don't look like dealing THAT much damage.Voice acting is terrible, wish there was a way to shut it down completely, because there is no way.Now for the main part:The Game feels totally incomplete and unpolished, at times I thought it was a Early Access and had to go to the Store Page to check if it really wasn't. Most of the Controller based commands feel incomplete, e.g.: ""B"" is used to call a new wave, while ""B"" is also used to close the level up menu, if you press B to close the level up menu while you are able to call a wave, it'll do both.Trees and most of the props are just hindering player's vision too much, just too polluted, I know that the intention was to hinder the player, but since the player can't tell what is behind 100% of the trees, sometimes there is a ultra-strong 1 hit killing turret/statue trap and the player can't tell it, just killing the player by full surprise.Most of the ""spheres"" that monsters throw to the sky when dying are broken, blue, red, yellow, they are always off screen unless the player is north of the monster that throws it.Sometimes monsters have ""0"" HP on their bars but still alive, some monsters get stuck on their own paths and cannot reach me going forwards and backwards non-stop, somesome bosses are ridiculously easy, like Beketamun, while others need extremely high skill from the player to be able to kill him, like ones that laser around non-stop, bosses like that need a open-area for the player to be able to move, but they walk after the player and sometimes it just means death if summoned on the wrong place. Such as near a Statue Trap.dungeons are like rolling a d20 to see if you get out alive or not, some dungeons may present you with a screenful of godlike enemies on the instant you enter it, the area that the player has to deal with bosses inside dungeons is also pretty small, there is nigh-none space to fight bosses, and there are also bosses that are summoned that are ultra-strong for particularly enclosed spaces. There are also other dungeons that may be empty with a free treasure for the player with just some small puzzle before it. Entering dungeons is just too high of a risk for lower leveled characters, since the chances of dying because of a unlucky boss or unlucky room are very high. While it may present free relics for higher leveled characters, it just stacks with the grind needed to become ""successful"".So far most of my deaths have been to the Blue Sphere on-kill effect from monsters, I've played plenty of Diablo 3 to know where this mechanic came from, so, In Diablo 3, sometimes monsters had the ""Arcane Enchanted"" property, which happens to be a similar mechanic, when they die, they leave a purple sphere on the place of their death, which exists for 1 second before firing a ""laser needle"" which spins and deals huge damage, the main problem with Hero Siege's ""Arcane Enchanted"" is that it is only a sphere that's thrown out of screen at the monster's death, when it comes back it is already firing the laser, seeing the shadow of the ball is pretty difficult considering the amount of trees, grass, monsters and shots on the screen, most of the time it is instant death for the player if it happens to fall on his head, that is if no traps spawn on the player's feet insta killing.- It seems to me that the Devs didn't play their own game before releasing 1.0, or if they did and enjoyed it, they must have a pretty taste for artificial difficulty. Some bosses can kill you while on their death animations, due to the lightning globes that keep spawning when the player damages them while they are dying.most sprites are far from being user friendly, since it's hard to tell what's ""friendly particle"" to a ""foe particle"".- There is no catalogue to check the item list, I know that the Twin Blades give me Critical Chance, but how much Crit%? I can't even see my critical chance on the menu in first place. If this is intentional, it feels pretty odd when playing.There is almost no room for faults since most of the stuff will 1-hit the player, I know that the developers must've made it their way, but when playing on hardcore it is just too unforgiving.tl;dr: dont buy it, too luck/grind based instead of skill, unpolished, broken mechanics sluggishly borrowed from other games. My tip, go for Risk of Rain for roguelike, Path of Exile for action"
,Not Recommended,269210,11240081,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Amphy,"Not really that great, and honestly not even worth 5$. The characters move painfully slow and most of the classes are either too strong or too weak. The voice acting and dialogue are simply atrocious as well."
,Recommended,269210,12173505,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Rok,This game is gem. Recommended.
76561198070367189,Not Recommended,269210,13072588,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,T0k1n0va,"Hero Siege is a twin stick shooter inspired by diablo, so you get things like healing wells, dangerous magic on death etc.the levels are set up as arena hold out stages where you are supposed to fend off waves of enemies.Here's the short version. There's a real review bellow.ProsCool level design.Cool Character design.minidungeons.Cons.bad hitboxes.VERY grindy.slow progression.boring items.boring abilities.You level up and get 2 stat points and one ability point. there are 4 stats to choose from; strength, attack speed, armor, health, and putting one point into any of the first three stats will increase it by a fraction. this is fairly useless when enemies have health values in the hundreds, and attack values high enough to be unaffected by a 0.40 increase in your armor. The ability point is really the only thing you will care about when you level up. you can spend the point in a branching ability tree. the first tier of the tree has two options, an active, and a passive, the passives increase chances, or whatever the ability is supposed to affect, by 1 measely percent, so the obvious choice is to choose the active ability, which is pretty interesting to be fair. the downside is that this active ability is all you're going to get until you are level five. this makes the game progress very very slowly.one of the stranger things about the game considering its inspirations, is that there are very few items to collect. loot comes along once in a great while, and your first item is likely to be uninteresting. upon beating the first boss an item spawned on a pedestal in front of the portal, it was a green double crescent blade and ot gave me a SLIGHT increase to  my crit chance. the boss itself dropped a token for me that gave me a stat tradeoff attack +4 armor -2. both of these were terribly dissapointing. I killed a drake type boss, and as such i expected an item to reflect that, perhaps an item that had to do with shooting a fireball or having enemies burn the ground on death, but all i got was a change to my numbers.probably the hardest part of the game to swallow was the awful hitbox detection. i spent a long time getting used to simply hitting enemies. everything is a 2d sprite in sort of an isometric view, which makes it inherently more difficult to judge differences between distances. This can be a nightmare when fighting spiders, which have a large sprite, but a tiny hitbox. and certain classes are particularly bad at hitting enemies, in this case namely the pirate has a hard time because her pistol shots alternate between her left and right hand, which occupy different planes which makes it more than likely you will miss half of your shots unless you're very very used to her. Melee characters are also terrible because their attack animations extend beyond their hitboxes. Compare this with the binding of isaac, it has the same 2d models and the same view, but its fairly clear where you're firing and all that good stuff.In conclusion, play either diablo or play binding of isaac. This game wants to be both, but it doesn't do either very well. If you see the game on sale, go ahead and buy it, just know that it isnt a tight and clean experience."
76561198051503548,Recommended,269210,30368951,Posted: 7 March,all,TheOneElectronic,"Really good since I got it gor $0.59 but all the cool characters are locked through DLC which is irritating, especially since each one costs 3 or 5 dollars. Oh well. Maybe I'll play it again."
,Not Recommended,269210,23017079,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,HenryJaw,GIVE MA RELICS BACK
76561198116333305,Not Recommended,269210,14945025,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Magistp,"Bought the game and when you first log into it there was a problem . Create a new character , and he has not been preserved in the main menu . Search forum cause of the problem , but nothing helped . Created a new topic and sent a letter to the developer. There is no answer . Developers are not responsive and moderators do not help. Pulled the money. Thank you veru mush moderators and developers!"
76561198015563257,Not Recommended,269210,14841748,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Seregon,"Fun game, but game constanly crashing and unable to resume...Very frustrating!"
,Recommended,269210,13072158,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Warcrime,"Hero Siege is an awesome game.  It is a great time killer with mindless hack n slash and rogue like looting similar to Binding of Isaac.  The melee characters are a little tough to play as a beginner, and ranged classes can be a little too easy for the active player.  Though there is no real story to this, the rpg elements are great.  Leveling, skill trees to costumize your build.  This is well worth the money for rogue like lovers."
,Recommended,269210,34118456,Posted: 8 August,all,TAJack,"Pretty neat game actually, a few bugs here and there (being able to leave the zone completely/getting stuck in a pick up loop) but overall it's pretty damn cool.+Really Fun+Movement feels nice+Really nice pixel art!+Enemies are powerful and requires you to do some thinking+Local Co-Op-No Oceanic servers (played on Europe and got some bad lag)-Some bugs, one in particlar is game-breaking and required a mate to restartGot it for 59c.. what a steal!"
,Recommended,269210,34208178,Posted: 13 August,all,banana6970,>press 1 button>1 shot boss>10/10
76561197993365506,Recommended,269210,24081153,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Timm4y,Lots of replay value. Do have to put in a little extra money for the expansions but the developers are on top of evertything.
,Recommended,269210,32884716,Posted: 27 June,all,▫▪ DrW / CSGORIFAS.com ▪▫,Jogo bastante divertido para se jogar com os amigos. Modo online sem muita frescura e missões bem diversificadas.Vale a pena :)
,Not Recommended,269210,20561666,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Snusmumriken,Don't waste your money on this.
,Not Recommended,269210,30915004,Posted: 2 April,all,Soccermom,I started playing this game in April 2017 and thought it was in early access.Had fun with friends for $3 though
,Not Recommended,269210,35006325,Posted: 16 September,all,retarded teletubbie,"Ok, so.As you can see, I got quite a few hours on this. I've had a lot of fun playing it, but there is 1 thing that keeps me from recommending it.You get 1 shot by random things coming out of nowhere and impossible to dodge. You can be a level 75 on normal in act 1 world 2 and still get 1 shot by some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ You need to play it to understand how frustrating it is to reach act 5, get like 54 relics and feel overpowered but just die without being able to do anything. No, my character is not just weak. I have great defense and great health, I kill everything super fast but I just keep getting instakilled by some random♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm tired."
,Not Recommended,269210,22449931,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Jake,its a badgame
,Not Recommended,269210,23157733,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,华乾稻香村,Too bad!  a lot of bug! rlics always disapear! Critical damage  is the same as the normal !
,Not Recommended,269210,34094483,Posted: 7 August,all,Broken Dreams,"I played for 60 minutes, and a bug happened that levelled all the people I purchased the game for's skills to around 20-22 while keeping their level at 20. Then I got banned instantly for cheating, apparently, even though I didn't do anything at all.Cool. So a game bug banned me from playing online with the people I bought the game for, and the support discussion topic says that they will not consider unbanning anyone for any reason.Alright...?"
,Not Recommended,269210,34922863,Posted: 13 September,all,GaryMotherFuckingOak,"The games alright, but insanely repetative.Not to mention the skins and NOTnew classes are all he same as the ones you can play for free.Then when I was about to purchase the skins, I saw that the used to be a fifth of what they cost now so it looks like the devs are taking advantage of it's community. I really can't stand behind this game."
,Not Recommended,269210,21930942,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jokomoto,"Hero Siege is a rougelike Topdown Arena RPG published by Panic Art Studio. It is developed byElias Viglione and Jussi Kukkonen. It was released in 29 January 2014 and is still under constantdevelopement.Hero Siege is, if it's actually the game i last played, a good game if you are going to playsolo. When i bought it though, i wanted to play this game online with friends which at that pointwas annouced to be implemented by the developers. During that time the game itself changeddrasticly and cannot be compared to the sate of it today. Not all changes where bad buti bought a different game to when it came out. The game was fully released but core mechanicsand gameplay changed.The multiplayer took way too much time to develope and when it was released in early access,it was unplayable due to crashes. I do not know how it is today but that made menot pick it up again. What made me even more upset is, that a few DLC came out beforea playable multiplayer mode and always put several bugs in the game which wereaddressed first before multiplayer.In recent events their redesign the emoticons. To do that they removed the old once from steam,any player and the market. They even had a clear warning from steam before doing that.In general the developer seem to be rude and do not know what their are doing or want todo with all the changes after the early access phase.You do not get access to all the content without buying the dlcs and all the achievements.I do not recommend to buy the game and support these developers."
76561198021903868,Not Recommended,269210,29291010,Posted: 15 January,all,sythiel,"I'm glad I got this for something like $2, because that's about the quality ti feels like. I'm sure it's mildly more entertaining with friends, but even then, I feel like it would do better as a local co-op game rather than something online. Some regard this game as something of a cult classic, but I can't seem to find the appeal. The classes don't feel as different as I would have hoped, and the premise is mind-numbing. Kill waves of enemies, over, and over, and over. No real progression to speak of, no real incentive to keep doing it after a few times.Again, if you have some friends and plan to play together, your mileage may vary. Single player should probably stay away, though."
,Not Recommended,269210,22905429,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Nexloy,"Didn't think I could go wrong with a 60 Cent Game. Well I was wrong. Controls are terrible, level system is terrible, Mictrotransactions everywhere Just save your time and money."
76561198112413708,Not Recommended,269210,18824565,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,shaggybath1,♥♥♥♥♥ttttttttttttttttt
76561198046526262,Not Recommended,269210,18828927,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,bananapatch,Seems fun for a bit but after only 30 minutes the game is stupidly easy.
,Not Recommended,269210,21438154,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,sv_voiceenable 0,"Never seen a dev (other than Blizzard, maybe) so reliably make a game less fun to play with each update.Also never seen a dev (outside of maybe gearbox) push so much overpriced DLC. They claim to be ""against AAA"" but subscribe to all the same sketchy, borderline unethical, money grab tactics that AAA devs do.Dev is also a jerk in forums. A qoute:""There is way too much content in the game for us to keep track of, this is just standard stuff that happens with major patches. We do have a game tester but its really hard to keep everything in mind when working on something since we are more like hobbyists and have zero project management.""If you're selling something for money, you're not a hobbist."
,Not Recommended,269210,23869895,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,VVind0wM4ker,"TL;DR+ the game is ok- the dev have/had a questionable update and pr policy- the 0 tolerance against cheaters Dev ended up getting VACed- followed by cencorship and banning people in the forums without giving real reasons or explanations**to be fair, he tried to explain himself but I still haven't got an sufficient reason/explanationBut please read the whole review, to unterstand my standpoint. (WoT inc.)another user about this game:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012878741/recommended/269210/DISCLAIMER:My english sucks. sry, but I had to write this review ;)I owned this game for a long time, the summer sale reminded me to write a review about it.Not only have I played this game, but I also spent hours in the forums and got to know the dev behind the game.positiveFirst I have to say, that i like this kind of games. The first hours where really fun to play and back then, new updates where coming from time to time. (atleast in the beginning)Later the game was a bit of an grind, but many gameplay mechanics have changed since, so maybe this isn't true anymore. There where new and creative ideas and the community and devs seemed very nice at first.negativeNow to the negative part and why I wouldn't recommend this game.First thing are the updates. Now It seems like they are updating this game again, but before they had a slightly different update policy.Back then they concentrated more on releasing DLC and didn't cared much about fixing major bugs. The last time I played this game they wheren't caring about bugfixes at all.This isn't the most significant point and probably I would even have given this game a good rating but here is the reason why I didn't:the dev(s)At first he seemed very nice (back then it was mostly VeXoriaN, who replied in the forums).I had a few discussions on the forum. One was about anti cheat and how they handle it.In the veginning, everyone seemed very objective and logic, but after some times, things got heated up.People where constantly swearing at each other (=toxic community (atleast in my eyes))The dev was always talking about how he is 100% against cheaters. And how strict he's about it.And then.., once there came the day where, the dev got VAC banned.After that, his behaviour drastically changed.1. He immediately switched the dev account for the game so none would see the ban.2. He deleted many threads and re created them with the new account to get the old one out of the systemAnd also to hide his and other peoples old discussions about cheating.3. He closed (nearly) all threads, so no one could comment about the incident without going off-topic4. When creating threads about it, with completeley objective, non offensive posts, he cencored (/deleted) them right away5. Even threads, asking about the cencorship got deleted in minutes6. He even banned people (including me) from the forums for demonstrably no reason.*And even after a Steam-Moderator asked him to atleast add a reason to the ban, he only gave a short insufficient answer, not answering any questions.Hopefully you can now understand better why i can't recommend this game.Hopefully this review doesn't get deleted in seconds. (Back then, they did all to keep their reputation up.)For the ones, really interested in the accounts, here you go.OLD (VAC):http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198173985485NEW:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198275198996Rules and Guidelines For Steam Reviews:Flame or insult other membersPost personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, email, phone number, etc.)I think I'm not hurting any of these rules.These accounts are/where dev accounts. They are more the public representation of the company than their 'private' user-accounts.So posting them shouldn't be a problem.conclusionI finally want to close this. This review is my summary of the whole topic and how I think about it.Other people, other pinions..However, in spite of all that, they still are nice game(s), keep it up Vex :)"
76561198090800386,Recommended,269210,11432235,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,๖ۣۜShu Ouma,This Game Is Amazing! it gets so fun when u get a higher lvl this is 10/10
76561198032847413,Recommended,269210,11492504,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ItzMatt,"This or binding of issac? This by a mile, makes binding of issac's square rooms seem very dull. Awesome rogue-like."
76561198082509206,Not Recommended,269210,11518158,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ed10k399,"I finished the game, but didn't enjoyed it. Much of what the player will be doing is grinding for skill points since enemies will always overwhelm you. No story... not even and introduction. Unless you like getting rid of monsters without thinking, I'm not recommending this. I'm not buying the DLC or replaying this.Sound is below average. Visuals is ok for retro graphics, but the game won't remember my settings."
,Recommended,269210,20536614,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Anythralus,"I normally HATE indie games with 90's graphics (FEZ, Hotline Miami, Super Meat Boy, you name it, they're all garbage to me), curious thing is i'm not that kind of gamer which is very demanding when comes to graphics, but still when i'm on my computer or console i want proper games, not mobile games, i've my cellphone for it...But this game certainly got my attention, it's very addictive, and after the multiplayer online release, sh*t just got so much better, mayhem with friends, HAHAHA.I don't understand that much negative reviews towards the last update, it got more complex, which is more like and up than a down, at least for me.The only thing this game really disappointed me is it constantly monetizing... Every time something new comes up, it costs $$$, it happened so often that i only have 50% of the full game right now (i bought this game years ago), i can't play with almost half of the classes available, i can't play the last ACTs, etc.But even with all that i would recommend this game, i really do, it's very fun even if you only buy vanilla version."
76561197962176551,Not Recommended,269210,14882847,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tw!tch.,"Why in this day and age you would have enemies firing diagonally, and not the protagonist is beyond me.This game has just about everything I like, randomly generated goodness, fun and interesting pixel art.... however, it's figuretively criminal that it's gimped by the control scheme."
,Recommended,269210,13669571,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Boomstixx,This > Diablo III
,Not Recommended,269210,33262490,Posted: 4 July,all,truthd,"TLDR: Mobile port, that really punted on PC keyboard/mouse controls, and poor UI decisions. Underneath that is a find little roguelike ARPG (minus any storytelling...)Let me start by saying I think this is a pretty fun game. Imagine Diablo has a baby with a roguelike, but if you're a PC player the port from mobile to PC is just terrible. TERRIBLE. I can't stress how annoying it is to be unable to use your mouse while looking through your inventory, or the fact that items don't show their stats on the item. Your mouse works in most places, but imagine filtering through all the loot in a game like Diablo, but you can't see the stats of anything unless you use the keyboard to select each item and then click G to preview it. There is no reason the stats couldn't be displayed right on the item without having to preview it, and there is no reason I shouldn't be able to select an item and equip it with my mouse.This is the worst port I've come across on steam. There is no excuse for how inventory is managed in this game. If you can somehow get over that, it's a pretty fun little dungeon hack type of game, but you'll have to deal with a terrible UI, terrible keyboard/mouse controls and very little explanation of what things do and devoid of any story telling. A fun game that is a flop on PC for me, I quickly grew tired of managing hundreds of items in my inventory like I was playing a DOS game from the 80's."
,Recommended,269210,22953035,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Razil,"I have to say this game is great. After playing it for +7h, I can say maybe, sometimes is too easy, at last for the Necro class, other clases seems to be more challenging.10/10 would recommend it."
,Recommended,269210,32347755,Posted: 11 June,all,acid,50-100 hours of fun
,Recommended,269210,13468147,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Klaymoreh,"With the latest updates it got much better and it's very fun to play, i recommend getting this game, specially if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,269210,18568227,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,NOOBMASTER,Multiplayer is still♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,269210,23124669,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Red Goblin,So much fun GREAT GAME! but... Local multiplayer crashes every 20 minutes or so.  FATAL ERROR in action number 1 of Step Event0 for object.  Many people online having this same problem since early 2014 and it still exists.  I really wanted to play this game but with no fix I am unable to play without crashing constantly.
76561198014886798,Not Recommended,269210,23873724,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Schraki,"ugly, not clear, not fun...nothing"
,Recommended,269210,15015580,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,BliiiGHT,"Addicting rogue-like experience, a session can last from 10 min to 2 hours depending on luck, skills, and your determination to continue. The game features shops, crypts, dungeons, a stat and talent system, and harder modes for the courageous. Many different classes to try out(Necro is the certainly the best ;P), a whole lot of different enemies and maps (over 100 waves to struggle through). It's been on sale for extremely cheap before, don't skip out on it. I wish you luck, may the RNG gods gift you the best relics."
76561198089514073,Not Recommended,269210,16966139,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Shades,"I would like to recommend this game. I really would.The concept and initial gameplay are fun. The characters are fun. There is some initial frustration with new characters, but level up a few times and everything usually starts to even out. And for a while, the game is fun.HOWEVER, the game is unstable and although the store page won't tell you this (at least not at the time of this writing), it's still in the beta development stage. The developer is still publishing updates that contain potentially crippling game changes. There are enough bugs and other issues to render this game entirely unplayable.So, no. I cannot recommend this game. If you must buy it, wait until it goes on sale at a deep discount."
,Not Recommended,269210,18864429,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,desider,Before october 2015: good game.After it: f--k this s--t.Delete.End.
76561198163712247,Not Recommended,269210,24807014,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ling ling messiah,"ME : I like there's a  ""report a bug"" icon on the homescreen when the whole game is a bug itself.Solace : HAHAgame's actually pretty addicting but crashes too many times, Come on devs10/10 would crash againThis happened to me : JUST LOST MY DEMON SPAWN WITH THE HLEVEL OF 90 AND STATS OVER 500K!?!?all the work for nothing.....( i have screenshots )"
,Not Recommended,269210,29283032,Posted: 15 January,all,Mario Dan,Just buy it if you like grindfest.+ Good Pixelart+ Godd sound an music.+ You can get it with a big discount.= Makes me feel that gives a little of tribute of binding of Isaac.= Seven difficult levels for grinding lovers.- Unvenen difficult curve. Difficult specially focused on give mobs highs amount of HP and Damage.- Little variation on enemies abilities and behaivior.- Little scenearios variations.? Crash each time i quit de game? More content with DLC? Worthy?
,Not Recommended,269210,20546160,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Kalakk,"I enjoy the game, but.... Bugs, crashes, everywhere. Cannot recomend.Oh, and DLCs prices..... a really shame...."
,Not Recommended,269210,29420230,Posted: 22 January,all,hithanzi,"Multiplayer has lots of bugs.- When I left dungeon, my HP decreases from 50K to 1K so monsters always kill me.- I hit the monster but sometimes I can't. I don't know why.- Crashing problems.But;Single player mod has less bugs than multiplayer mod."
76561198001815581,Not Recommended,269210,23190372,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ａｅｓｔｈｅｔｉｃ  Ａｎｉｋｉ,"My fav. game for a long time, dlcs turned it into♥♥♥♥♥♥ 6€ for the game and like 20€ to unlock all chars? hell no.dont buy that. there are better games for less money."
,Recommended,269210,28470434,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,FaggStick,"*************************************************************************************************************************************Ill Be honest, this is no were near a perfect game, and the amount of bugs/stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥that exists such as other players in your game not being able to do damage, or do the right amount of damage (see necro bugs). There are many bugs with enemies where you insta die to nothing (usually in multiplayer) which makes HC mode unplayable. That being said, the game is still ♥♥♥♥ing fun as hell. It is a good time sync, and is unique in the rougue-like diabloesc style. Don't listen to the people here ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the devs calling this a cash cow(unless they start releasing micro transations for ingame currency). Updates are fairly regular, and it seems they have a general integrity for competiution on the leaderboard unlike many many other games (cough cough D3 Season Botters).TL;DR Buy the game during christmas sale for .99 or whatever they knock it down too, and pick up all the dlc cheap, its a very good time sync and will continue to get better overtime.*************************************************************************************************************************************"
,Recommended,269210,22992730,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Riveroo,"after several update this game is quite better from before,.. mana system that everybody sadi has broke this game is not too bad,.. this update make player use to upgrade passive ability more often than active ability,. this game be more balance now,... thank you dev,.. good job,.."
,Recommended,269210,9267464,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,KOTOFANA,"You have to fight waves of monsters, dodge mean traps, clear dungeons and crypts, beat amazing bosses and avoid your own death!This is another great roguelike game which i want to recommend. You can choose between a couple of classes and some of them have a very different playstyle to each other. Beside this, you have a levelsystem with multiple possibilities to spend your abilitypoints. It has enough different difficulties, so that it wont get boring after the first few hours. I can really enjoy the graphics, it reminds me of some other old 2D-games. Also you will discover some refferences to other games, so maybe you will even get an extra smile, when you receive the next item from the last bossfight.More interesting than this is probably the fact, that it has a nice local coop mode (and its fully supported for xbox360 controllers and personally I really love to play Hero Siege with using them). But even when you cant get some friend over for a local session, theres still an online coop mode - so in worst case you can still play with some stranger around the world. Last but not least, the developers didnt abandon their game and they are updating all the time (fixing bugs but also granding new content)."
76561198042721306,Not Recommended,269210,11337862,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Noah Human,"This game is a blend of Diablo 2 and The Binding of Isaac, or, in other words, Hack 'n' Slash with Rogue-like elements. What I'm getting at is that it's got randomized enemies, dungeon-crawling and gold hoarding like from an old Diablo game, yet it has randomized ""pills"" (potions) and gameplay-changing relics as seen in The Binding of Isaac. I like it. The game is also light in content, meaning that it's not supposed to be taken seriously, e.g. such over-the-top serious voice-acting, that it makes you cringe, etc.Up-sides of the game:+Something new: Hack 'n' Slash meets Rogue-like+Humorous voice-acting (some may disagree with this one)+Randomized enemies, each stage may have different bosses, etc.+Randomized potions, powerful relics+Lots of character classes, each with their own skills and skill-buildsWhat I didn't like about the game is that it didn't have much to offer, as in, all levels were limited to a box-shaped fortress which you couldn't leave, all the gold you hoarded gave you little help (you may ocassionally buy a Full-Restore potion, which is by far the best use for gold, or buy an AttackSpeed-Boost potion to help you take down a boss quicker) but I'd really like to see some other use for the gold I gather rather than just spending it on potions. The game also has lots of grinding to get the higher levels of your character, and when you eventually get strong enough, the early levels become a total bore.Down-sides of the game:-Little use for gold-Game is a grindfest, but you overpower your foe fairly quickly-Boring base levels (Dungeons and Crypts are a bit more random)-Game doesn't keep giving you fresh content for longOverall I'd give this game about 5.5/10, it's pretty ""meh-diocre""My advice, if you sometimes need to waste a couple a' minutes and see this game for a cheap price, get it. Otherwise? No. I don't think buying this game will pay off as you won't play an hour for every buck you spent on it buying it full-priced."
,Not Recommended,269210,11949611,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Blue_J,"Do you want to play Diablo 2, except with more monotony and terrible balance?  This game is for you.  It's good for a number of hours if you enjoy top-down hack'n'slash style games.  As as added bonus, this features an itemization system similar to Binding of Isaac, except with content ripped off from many other popular games (mostly Diablo).Haven't tried multiplayer, and I have no desire to until balance is fixed.  There's an option to start in a later act, but it's practically useless unless you're an absurdly high level and only serves to make beating the game more difficult, edging on impossible.I can't recommend this game until balance changes are made and original content is developed.  I feel like I'm playing a crappy Diablo 2, which is a travesty."
,Not Recommended,269210,34990465,Posted: 16 September,all,mitspieler,"Game is fun, theoretically. It's more or less a 4way topdown shooter in a fantasy setting. It borrows a lot from Diablo and certainly triggers your loot and numberwang needs.However, it feels inherently broken. Playing alone is way too hard compared to coop, the scaling is broken. Same with item drops. It turns into a grindfest pretty soon.For example, when you get access to your 4th skill it's not uncommon that you cannot cast it (cost 1700 mana with 1400 mana pool for example). Stuff like that really takes the fun away.The classes are cool, the art style fits, it's just the system that's broken. For the above mentioned mana issue there is a patch announced, for four weeks now...My issues with the game can be patched, and when they manage to do that I'll switch this review to recommended. Right now it's still fun but only for a special audience."
,Not Recommended,269210,22667979,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,General James Longstreet,"The devs nerf any class that is decent into the ground. Most recently, the Marksman class has been killed. Now instead of multishot increasing overall damage, it just splits the damage among multiple arrows, making the whole skill worthless. They also reduced the maximum relic count, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Constant updates that only seek to make the game worse. The devs should just stop and go do something else with their lives. Literally two weeks ago this was a great game and I gave it positive reviews but I can no longer in good conscience reccomend this game to any of my friends."
,Not Recommended,269210,11454105,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Matt™,Fun to play at the start but it kinda gets boring plus the added ch and multiplayer are dlc exclusive and i hate dlc.
,Not Recommended,269210,13465709,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fargin Noob,"What we have here is a fairly decent start to a roguelike that quickly gets consumed by its own weaknesses. You start every game at the beginning: great. You can upgrade your character through progression: super. Your upgrades stay with you when you restart: just what I wanted.After that though, we encounter the two biggest design flaws for the game. First, the ratio of player power to enemy power doesn't follow appropriately and you soon find yourself in a situation where the enemies are far too powerful. Second, the fact that you can only fire in four directions means you are severely limited in what you can hit at any given time; plus, enemies have no such restriction, making the design choice questionable at best. The combination of these two things means there is a definite ""correct build"" that you must go through to get very far into the game, which for this type of game reduces player agency in their progression.The graphics are very well done, with high-quality pixel art and a great palette. There's never any confusion because of graphics as to what's going on, with the slight exception that it can be difficult to see your character or other enemies when they're behind something, like a tree, even with the fade out of the object. Not sure what the fix is to this, but it's only just ""okay"" as it is.The sound feels powerful and the music is good, but not terribly memorable. All in all, the game starts off letting you feel like you're doing very well but quickly descends into an exercise in futility. After a point, you never really feel very powerful any more and you just see the progression as a chore. That's unfortunate because there's a lot of potential here.All in all I don't think I can recommend the game, not because it isn't fun for a while, but more because it should be fun for a lot longer and isn't. The difficulty curve doesn't track in a way that pushes you to keep coming back, but instead punishes you for doing well early on, punishes you for minor mistakes, punishes you for not being able to see behind objects, and punishes you if you've made the wrong build along the way.If there were a ""maybe"" button, I'd select that. Since I can't, I'd say skip this and go for any number of other games like it that are better."
76561198100194607,Not Recommended,269210,11973191,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Lionsmane,"So i was like playing this game eh and i had a lvl 28 viking ehh. Went back to play the game and my guy was gone, reverted to LvL 1. I was not on hardcore mode so how can i fix this problem."
,Not Recommended,269210,21585128,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ace,"dude... im cool with the mana thing........BUT WHAT THE F*CK MAN!!U ADDED COOL DOWN ON THE RELICS!!!!, THIS IS TOO MUCH,This Game is Over Rated"
76561198099044855,Not Recommended,269210,34982017,Posted: 15 September,all,FlameWiz,"Imagine a glitchy diablo clone where everything one-shots you, class balance is non-existent, and grinding some extra levels actually makes the game harder on you. Oh and forgot to mention that half the game including the final boss is locked behind DLC. Welcome to Hero Siege.Seriously, as much as I've played this game, the devs have made it more and more unbalanced each patch to the point it is now virtually unplayable. Melee classes stand literally, and I mean literally, 0% chance in the end game due to acid pools and bleed stacks. This has been a problem for a long time, so the devs' answer instead of fixing it was to make everything in the endgame one-shot your character if you're ranged :)Also, forget about grinding levels to make the game easier, because with the latest patch enemies now scale to your level. You can actually get stuck because you killed to many enemies without leveling your skills right and now you can't deal enough damage to kill them before they kill you.There's glitches galore, including the extra fun ones that make you lose all your relics and money for no reason! On a good note, some of the bosses are quite interesting. Sadly a lot of them have attacks that are explicitly programmed to instantly kill you, draining any fun they might have given. Also don't forget that you only get half the game, the other half is DLC.When the game came out, it was probably a 7/10. However, they've somehow managed to ruin every single thing that made the game fun, while adding more glitches. My final score is 1/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,28539617,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Xchowks,No
,Not Recommended,269210,16514696,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The doctor is in,"be prepared to to sink or swim cause they dont have easy difficulty levelworse it's bugged upkeyboard/mouse controls can't be changed right now cause of bugsso your stuck with their horrible key/mouse binding choices until they fix itcan't register to play online cause of steam sale taking down their registration serveri'm not sure why indie company needs to register players, isn't it good enough that we bought their game, why do they need my email address...oh well at least it was $0.89 only"
,Not Recommended,269210,34514436,Posted: 26 August,all,Laundry Basket,"After reading through all the other reviews there are some key points I would agree on and some I wouldn't.I agree that the multiplayer does not work, there are problems finding the server and you can't use your singeplayer character you have to make a new one. Theres also a fair amount of glitches such as spawning outside the area, but thats only for my minion and to be honest that doesn't matter anyway. The HUD is confusing at first but you can learn it very quickly, its only a few keys you use and shouldn't be a problem. However I dont find that these ""issues"" make or break this game.My biggest issues with this is the mana management, expansions and difficulty.Expansion:You can buy this game for $6 which isn't too bad, however, it is incomplete. The game only goes up to 4 acts and you can only play as 7 of the 13 characters. In order to continue, you have to spend an additonal $19 to get the rest of the characters and acts. ( Or wait for a big sale) You also get new relics/monsters/skins/achievements and quests. The quests however are bland and short ( they only go up to act 4). Basically, you get an entire new game.Mana Management:Each character gets 4 unique set of skills to use. You acquire them at level 1, 12,24,36 or 48 depending on the class. For the first 30 levels or so mana is no issue, however once you get to the mid game and you acquire your last skill, it is physically impossible to use a skill because your mana pool is smaller than the required mana to use the ability. For Example, on my level 50 bererker i have 1.2k mana, however every skill besides my first requires over 1.3k mana so I'm stuck having to A) Redo my skill tree  or B) Wait till I find new gear.  The Dev's need to reduce mana costs on all skills or atleast buff every characters mana pool because if you cant even use a skill it drains the fun from the game.Difficulty:I hear a lot of people complaining how difficult some of the bosses are, and my response to that is, learn the game. For example the Grim Reaper which a lot of people have trouble with, is not that difficult. You just attack him and when he casts death coil, move away from him and dodge the skulls and repeat. When he hits his third and final stage you just go where the skulls are not. Granted it takes some practice but its not a difficult fight. The issues i have with the difficulty is that the game seems to be tailored for ranged characters, simply because they arent in the action and have time to avoid leathal projectives whereas if you are melee you are, for a lack of better terms, ♥♥♥♥ed. For example there are characters that can freeze you in an icy block that is extremely difficult to dodge especially if you're melee that CC you for over 2 seconds and in that time you are swarmed by mobs and get hit by blue lasers and arrows and GGWP. For the difficultly levels, you need to rely on heavy lifesteal and lucky relic finds in order to survive difficulties higher than nightmare. I dont even want to try Toxic because even the most basic attack is a one shot. Overall this game has a high learning curve that relies on mechanics and quick reactions but there are times where there is a statistically 0% chance to survive.After all these issues the game still has tons of  replay value, I'm on my fourth character right now, this game is one of the better dungeon crawlers that I played however I would not recommend this  because It can get real frustrating real fast  and its not a good co op games until the Dev's fix it."
,Not Recommended,269210,34536001,Posted: 27 August,all,Gygge,"Cheap game that's not the same game from years ago. Filled with bugs and badly designed gameplay.This started out as a wave based rogue-like with no permanent unlocks and a couple of acts to plow through with every class.These days 30 waves have been replaced with 5 parts per act and you can jump to any part and freely explore and engage the boss when the meter is filled (fills by killing monsters in that area). Also more acts have been added through paid dlc.This isn't necessarily bad, but this has completely changed the product that was once bought.My biggest disappointment with patch 2.0 is that the game is still buggy as hell. Online multiplayer works crap. Gameplay is still badly designed in numerous ways. UI is bad in all ways.Positive:There's hours of gameplay for cheap if you are interested.Negative:Massive changes have been made through over the years that doesn't really improve the core experience that was once sought after."
,Recommended,269210,19711625,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Mizukisha,"Hero siege is an awsome game. Honestly I didn't played Rogue-Like enough,but since I started HS,I was like why not. I had some problems at the beginning but I started to like the game.You just have to survive waves of monsters and kill a boss at the end. you collect equipments,weapons etc... you can compare the items you got in your inventory with stuff you have already equipped and that's really nice. you gain levels,you have stats,skills. you don't need to worry about them,you can reset. I recommand also the DLC because they have more stuff,well the Dlcs was kinda a bit bugged but now it's ok. I can go to act VI without any bug. The devs are only 3-4 people working on that and I can't blame them,they're doing great with regular updates(If someone say they don't fix their bugs,they are stupid). I bought that game long time ago,I was about to say : Oh my god so many bugs,I can't play ! then the updates came with major fix. I came back and i'm glad I did.-Multiplayer: I don't like the port forward stuff,because many people don't know how too,they use IP for host also,and i hope the official server for play with people will be ready soon"
,Recommended,269210,32259039,Posted: 7 June,all,Kirez,very nice game for spending time with friends
,Not Recommended,269210,15640942,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Eterno,"Initially, i was very hyped about this game, Spent lot of hours playing it, back then game was recently released and i was aware that some bugs may occur. After devs released first DLC for Hero Siege everything went down to drain. Bugs that ""should"" be for people who bought dlc, somehow got into vanilla version and then couldn't unlock new difficulty levels, later that month one of the devs stated that they released patch which ""will"" fix this issue for vanilla version, but in the end turned out to be lies. Stopped playing and took huge break from Hero Siege but i did not delete game.Today i decided to return and enjoy it once more, during break i noticed bunch of frequent updates for Hero Siege. Hopped that they actually fixed issue i had. Launched game, saw some improvements, picked my hero and what i see, all ACTS are locked, i thought okay lets do it, beat ACT I, then started ACT II died at first mini boss, that is fine i still wanted to continue to play, since ACT I is completed you can choose to start from ACT II, but what the hell, game did not register ACT II, which means i have start from ACT I. These are same bugs all over again. I'm so fed up with Hero Siege and will stop support these devs, why? Because it's been year since i got it and it still feels like an Early Access game.I might change this review at some point, but right now it will be as it is.- INTRODUCTION:When The Binding of Isaac meets Diablo 2.- GAMEPLAY:Hero Siege still counts as Rogue like game which means is very brutal, at first you will die a lot and that is normal. Just as soon you will hit first few levels and can get to ACT I boss, then game gets more enjoyable. Choose between 8 playable heroes, each hero has their own unique skills.Every level is like arena and is divided by Acts, at the end of each Act you fight powerful boss.- IS THAT ALL?:Yes, as i meantioned above ""when The Binding of Isaac meets Diablo 2. There is nothing more to be said.- OVERALL:Is it worth to buy Hero Siege? That depends, do you like to encounter obnoxious bugs every time you launch the game?"
,Recommended,269210,24037243,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,suboost1,"This game is a blast, tons of fun. Really makes the experience fun and doesn't feel like a grind. Underrated game and worth it for sure."
,Not Recommended,269210,31638755,Posted: 8 May,all,Killer Redbone,"I've played maybe an hour with friends. It is the most unstable game ever. They finished puzzles and bosses when on my screen The boss was alive or the puzzle was unfinished. I highly reccommend that if you get this game to play with friends who don't  live really close to you, there's no point in playing this game."
,Recommended,269210,23004033,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,7heo,"A pretty fun game, lacking polishing and bug squashing drastically, which reminds me of the time when games were made for the fun, not for the money (I am aware of the DLC galore with this game - I guess the three dudes who did this are not even coming close to the kind of profit Assetsvision, Ubistock or Economic Arts turns in, so I'm okay with it). A must have for an evening with a friend and a few beers."
,Recommended,269210,10990428,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Crogomoki,"This review is very long, so skip to the conclusion if you're in a rush! Or you could read everything and know why I came to the conclusion I did.Hero Siegeis a fun and wonderfully built game with appealing visuals and appealing music. Unfortunately, not all audio is as stunning as the epic tunes are, because the few voices sound like they were done by a couple people using Audacity to skew their voices to sound like different people, and the sound effects sound like they were done out of the mouth. It's not at all as bad as I'm probably making it sound, but the quality of the sound is no reason at all why you should turn away this game anyways, and allow me to explain why.This game has a steady and solid pace, magnificently enchanting to play at the speed it is, but of course you can change the difficulty. Starting out is the tough part, and even though you are taught mostly everything you should know, what you aren't taught is easily and quickly learned.This game is interesting in many ways. Once you die, you keep your character and the progress you've had with the character, but not your gold or items. You can choose from a set of classes when creating your character. As far as I can tell, the only things that are effected by the class you choose are the sets of powers you can achieve and upgrade, and your starting attributes. I did not see anything on the class select screen that showed you what class does what. Even then, you can level up whatever powers and attributes you'd like, with their respective points you gain after every level, allowing for you to play however you'd like! A great system for a great game.The maps aren't randomly generated, but the stuff inside them are. Once your epic journey is ended by a skeleton or a clay statue shooting beams at you, or a daring and death defying skid across spikes went awry, you'll know exactly what you've done wrong, and even though it was unfortunate and you'll have to start again from the beginning, you'll still be having fun. You'll be stronger this time around, since you keep your levels, and you'll easily be able to plow through the old enemies again, you'll quickly be where you were interrupted by death.In ConclusionIn the 1.3 hours that I've had with this game so far (as says the steam window), I've had epic and bloody fights with a colossal  eyeball, a mummified corpse with undying gaze, and some plain old rats, which still did not cease to be entertaining, for they all ended in a gory explosion of ribcages and blood scattered across my screen. Even when I died I knew exactly what I did wrong, and I made sure to fix my mistakes next time I got around to where I was.Pros:+ Appealing graphics+ Gameplay that could make Chuck Norris himself shed a tear, but only one because he's Chuck Norris.+ Very quick to learn+ Pick it up and play if you just want a quick game, just be sure not to get too involved or you'll be here for hours.+ Plenty of new monsters and items you'll be just finding out about even hours into the game.+ A lot of classes to pick from+ Most of the hats are references to games (Master Chief helmet, Payday mask, Minecraft head, Pyramid Head, Altair Hood)+ Simple yet complex+ Epic tunes+ There's a frog hat+ BUY THE GAME DUDE+ Fun gameplay+ Frog hatSide notes* Not sure how to get the gems/crystals to customize your character other than the random drop in game, which believe me, is not often. You start with 750 or so.* I saw a ""redeem code"" option in the settings menu. Not sure what the deal is with that.* The game has it's own font, which is super cool.Cons- Some of the audio's a bit ""odd"".- Have to make the trek back from where you died if you die, no matter how long it is, which can get tedious even if you one shot enemies- No character creation, just classesBuythis game. I was so surprised to see this magnificent game for only $5.99. I'm sure you'll hear this a lot, but trust me, this is the most true time you'll hear it: Buy this game, it's worth every penny. This is coming from akidwithnojob, it's the best purchase you'll have ever made on steam. Trust me. If you don't buy this game the next time it's on sale, then I'd be disappointed in you.Just screenshots from the game aren't enough to do it justice, see the game in action, buy it yourself.tenouttaten!"
76561198358877903,Recommended,269210,30857349,Posted: 31 March,all,🅱🅴🅰🆅,"In 2015 on a mobile phone for the first time in the game, felt that stick out! (probably because of the free access...) strange music, always somehow dead little strange, almost no solution of the eldest boos, never set his treasure and never know what the next box will open up...PC version felt much more simple (although some same characters on mobile phones and computers, but skills have changed, love dearly...)But the new role is a bug... Very difficult to choose...(I can brush all day!!!!!!!!!!!)"
76561198081180356,Not Recommended,269210,23873764,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sheltriel,"During the several hours at played, Hero Siege was always almost fun. That's the whole thing. Almost."
76561198076856304,Not Recommended,269210,11720786,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Dark Lord of Pizza,"Hero Siege is fun for short bursts, but gets incredibly repetitive after a while. Theres not really much to the gameplay besides main attack, use skills,use item and move away from the enemies. Insta-kill traps and OP bosses are incredibly irritating as well. Most of my sessions were either obtaining an OP relic and just mowing down enemies or sudden death from BS traps and there are a LOT of traps. Also,when you pick up a potion it has a random effect and there are potions that reduced my stats permanently or killed me abruptly which adds to the frustration factor. Subsequently, my main complaint is that this game has balancing issues. There was also a glitch I encountered where I was playing local co op and went only to wave 17 I saved and exit then when I went to play solo it had overridden my stage unlocks so I would have to do 80 waves to get to where I was before. However, a part of me still wants to play Hero Siege because at its core its fun, but its plethora of issues make me think twice."
,Recommended,269210,30024232,Posted: 18 February,all,Mashinigami,Diablo 2 + The Binding of Isaac
,Not Recommended,269210,31245233,Posted: 19 April,all,Lnchb0xMarathon,"no way i can recommend this game. i paid over 5 for the base game and now its dropped to 5. on top of that, the amount i paid for the game and i dont even get the entirity of the game? no way, this game and its devs have always been wishy washy with their content, unsure of how to distribute it and still make the most money while doing so and i donjt blame them for that, however, dont ♥♥♥♥ing over charge me and then give me 5 dollar content."
,Not Recommended,269210,34822463,Posted: 8 September,all,Armc,"After 100+ hours grinding and the very V2.0 UPGRADE, I'm 'bout to quit. I don't recommend new players joining this game tho."
76561198158229619,Not Recommended,269210,30157206,Posted: 24 February,all,bilekg08,"meh, not worth it. kind of boring gameplay, nothing i found particulaly interesting. lots of classes, but most are just kind of blah."
76561198072264793,Not Recommended,269210,25877407,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,oedipexgalaxy,"First time giving a negative review.I have over 400 games on steam.While I quite enjoy this game, when I first purchased ityou could zoom. Years later while adding a bunch tothe core game the developers for some reason choseto remove the ability to zoom.The problem with this is there is so much going on on-screenthat it's very easy to get lost in the sea of pixels and die.Great that they add so much over the years but toremove such a basic feature many liked is just wrong.Over a year ago they said they would bring it back. . .When they do I will be able to play it and change my review."
76561198057030986,Not Recommended,269210,23531001,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ShippudenGaming,"Overall a veryfun game, but payment is required for continuation"
,Not Recommended,269210,22920814,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jack Reaver,"As someone new to the game it's boring, slow, and the dev(s) seem like real prick(s) from the posts I've read.Specifically a real vocal one I've been seeing around.I'd only be able to reccomend this on it's current 90% sale. It might have some good content but like hell I have the patience to grind this♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't take my review too seriously I just took a look down there and you can see an ocean of other negative reviews from people with real hours in.Either way all I see is negative aspects, negative developers, negative communities, and a lot of negative people.Bring in the damage control boys."
,Not Recommended,269210,29956548,Posted: 15 February,all,KingJasper,Fundemental lack of controls. Limited options and feels more like a free to play game then something worth 7$
76561198065153058,Not Recommended,269210,30364010,Posted: 6 March,all,Xerlock,"This game is really amazing!But to play it complety you have to buy others DLC. It's a pay to finish game. Don't buy it, really."
,Recommended,269210,13637285,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Najinful,Strangely addictive diablo-isaac cloneGRAB IT
,Not Recommended,269210,30362765,Posted: 6 March,all,Tryrex,"Overall, this game is quite the mess. The controls are clunky ( that includes controller support ), the frame rate seems to drop and flunctuate at random, even with minimal settings. I expected alot more of this game, and theres much room for improvment. But for a whopping 0.64$ ( on sale ), you cant possibly go wrong. 6.49 on the other hand... id rather play H1Z1.i give this game a 2/10. Ive played much worse, but this game is pretty bad. This is coming from someone who loves hack and slash / Rogue like games. Buy it on sale, dont pay full price."
,Recommended,269210,30386523,Posted: 7 March,all,Monkey D. Cheeky,Not bad.
,Recommended,269210,18690956,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,*Insert Offensive Name*,10/10 would pay for more dlc
76561198251519604,Recommended,269210,22207103,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,bobnelsonr007,i have been playing this game for a few days now and its really fun i love the demon slayer
76561197990715971,Recommended,269210,22220340,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Saitama,VERY NICE!!!
,Recommended,269210,22223585,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,GamerFriend l Gamekit.com,"This Game is amazing, I really enjoy playing this game on my free time. If your looking for a game that is fun and challenging then i recomend this game for you."
,Recommended,269210,22238355,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,leto2,"I have become instantly addicted to this game. The local play version is great and very bug free so far. The online one is very buggy and confusing, but they are working on it. Try to ignore all the haters. Even just single player this is so much fun!"
76561198110468535,Recommended,269210,22263114,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,jollyjoebob,this game is realy fun but the only bad part is to get the full game you have to get dlcs
76561198063171783,Recommended,269210,22293140,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,awesomeness,Let me start by saying i have double the hours it says cause i play offline with frineds all the time. Now THIS IS A FREAKING AWESOME GAME!!!!!!! It took me some time to get use to the controls and to level up my characters in the beggining. However it was all worth it and i am addicted to this game. I bought every DLC and i have a Character thats level 125 and two charcters in the 80s but i have a file for every character. Its not the kind of game you can sit and play all day but you can play it for hours at a time. There is so much variety in enemies and bosses and traps and relics and characters. You will constantly being getting new gear and learning new secrets. No matter what crazy level you reach there is always new enemies to fight and new places to visit. If you are into simple control and graphic games where your skills will be tested and rewarded than this is your game
,Recommended,269210,26611171,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DchristR,this game is the best RPG. so many waves and have a good graphic though it is 2D and pixel games.
76561198105508018,Recommended,269210,26473105,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Pkelove,"I love this game, it has some buggs and glitches.. but still they are working on it and I still can have fun on this game"
,Recommended,269210,19575486,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TrulySalty,"This game has been updated and revised many, many times, and I kinda love that, honestly. Hero Siege is developed by two people and you can really tell that they care about this game and it's following a lot. As far as the gameplay goes, it's a pretty stellar wave-based rougelike. It's hard, but the progression, Steam Achievements and overall satisfaction of surviving another wave of enemies is always awesome."
76561198016950149,Not Recommended,269210,19896531,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Easily-Wow!'d Guy,"Almost half of the characters are locked due to DLC. Not at all cheap to purchase them, either. Not supporting that. Getting a refund."
,Not Recommended,269210,20182447,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BOGA,NO WORKING SERVERS
,Recommended,269210,20205706,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cat Loli,"WARNING: SLIGHTLY TL;DR REVIEW, SHORTER CONCLUSION IN THE BOTTOM.Now-I don't get why people don't like this game,Pros--Replayable-Fun-Many variants of enemies-(At least) 4 Areas to fight through-Multiple dificulties to fight through-AddictingCons--DLC to get half the game (I was okay with buying this)-Addicting-Gets slightly stale after a little while as the game either gets too easy or too hard-Graphics aren't great-Laggy in partsNow, for a few funny reasons to buy this game if it's on sale1. Spikes sound voice acted2. Purple ooze3. Karp DLC4. Horse Head mask5. Buy wool for 5k ""Premium"" (Cosmetic, can still get it for in-game money) Currency6. Necromancer, just NecromancerI would highly recomend this game and I really don't understand why people complain that DLC is half the game, I still got 7 hours of gameplay getting to stage 4 (Out of 7) on one character, and if the DLC is on sale you can get the game for $0.90, and the DLCs for $6-ish. With many funny things to laugh at and many pros versus cons, this game is freakin' amazing. NOW WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS REVIEW? GO UP AND CLICK ADD TO CART ALREADY!EDIT: The reason why people do not like this game will not apply to newer players."
,Recommended,269210,23796639,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"Pretty fun. Got it on sale for 47p, can't argue with that. Bought the 3 main dlcs, gonna be playing through this local co-op with my friend."
,Recommended,269210,26525782,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,wheresyourgod;-,"I love this game, ive put quite a few hours into it. I know all the pros and cons.One of the big cons, there are far too many small bugs that can be fixed a lot fasterthan they are. Some of the classes are very underwhelming comprared to others atthis state in the game, though balancing is supposed to come in december when season2 drops. With all that said, the game is just a joy to play, a real gem. All the nostalgia ofDiablo 2, in a rogue-like indie game."
,Not Recommended,269210,13654312,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Matt,"♥♥♥♥♥♥, grindy, endlessly bang your head against the wall with no real sign of progression gameplay.Fairly fun for a while, then you realize it's just a crappy mobile game ported to Steam."
76561197992591649,Not Recommended,269210,13703077,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,King Batdog,If you want to play Multiplayer you need to buy the DLC.Thumbs down for that reason by itself.
76561198046047877,Not Recommended,269210,14327970,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Thrakmor,"When I first bought this game I enjoyed it, I really did. But that quickly wore off as it was more of an excitement from trying something new than actual fun. The game is NOT a bad game, but that does not mean it is a good game. I currently feel like the game has a lot of potential, but is underdeveloped, underplanned, and at some points just completely half-a**ed.There are a good ammount of characters to choose from, each with their own set of active and passive abilities. But besides that they can all be grouped into one of two categories: Melee and Ranged. Melee characters get close to the enemies and swing at them, Ranged characters stay farther away and shoot. The only real variation are the abilities, which most of the actually useful ones are passives that usually have a 1% chance of activating per point put into the skill, or are actives that do not scale in damage per point as well as they should and sometimes make the character a ""press x to win"" type of character. Besides the abilities characters get seperate attribute points that can be used to make the character have more health, do more damage, attack faster, or take less damage. Like the abilities, these scale very poorly per point spent, requiring many points to actually have a decent effect.Besides the abilities relics are found in the game, usually by defeating the level boss, and also affect the game somehow. Some of the relics are passives that affect either the character or the enemies. Others are active abilities that are used and then are put on cooldown for a short ammount of time. Some of the relics are extremely powerful and borderline OP. Most of the relics, including the powerful ones, are really not that important and often inspire feelings of ""oh, that relic."" instead of ""YES! I got this relic!""Combat is pretty basic. Characters can attack either left, right, up, or down. Combat mostly consists of the character being close enough to hit the enemies, and backing up so that they are not hit themselves (also known as kiting). The only real threats are enemies with ranged attacks, or certain enemies with special abilities. From my experience the most variation in combat has been activating a relic, potion, or active ability, or a passive ability activating. The potion system is pretty standard for some rogue-likes and rogue-lites. If a potion is picked up for the first time, the effects of that potion is unknown until it has been drunk. Afterwards the effect has been learned and other potions of that color will display the effect. Note: The effects of the potions change from run to run. Once a character dies, whether hardcore or not, the effects of all potions are changed.Multiplayer: I have not tried multiplayer, as I have felt no desire to. The game is not good enough to keep me wanting to play as it is currently, and joining a server with strangers is very unlikely to make me want to play the game more.All in all, this game feels too simplified, like someone took a great game, and stripped away anything ""complicated"" only the bare bones of the game were left. This game is good for people looking for a simple casual game, but it is not for people looking for a good diablo-style game."
76561197974096703,Not Recommended,269210,13640994,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Distul,"Extremely boring and not very clear.I bought this game on sale, and I'll likely never touch it again. You can only move and shoot up/down/left/right while enemies can move and shoot in any direction. The game doesn't seem very well thought out, and how to use in game actions isn't very well explained or demonstrated.Wasn't even fun with my partner. Uninstalled within 30 minutes."
,Not Recommended,269210,13644623,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jaswando Senpai,"Everything the trailer says it is, it isn't! If you get it prepare to be disapointed"
,Not Recommended,269210,24108997,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Neris,"Constantly crashing, especially in multiplayer.Repetitive gameplay that gets boring after an hour playing.I regret trying to play it for four hours with my friends. Should've refunded it."
76561198054174071,Recommended,269210,30364517,Posted: 6 March,all,HALAL-TABOULI,"Honestly? LOVE the game. variety of characters. lots of monsters, fun progression."
76561198014435008,Not Recommended,269210,14777241,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Kuro,Frustrating as hell and no mention of having to buy two thirds of the game from within the game on the store page.
76561197994231479,Not Recommended,269210,13737263,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,KillPoint,requires dlc for multiplayer
76561198008297058,Not Recommended,269210,14035107,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NecronGod,"fun game.but glad i got it while it was on sale because i still feel like i overpayed, because you can get Hero Siege for FREE if you have an Andriod device. it is the basicly the same game, it has some minor user interface differences and ingame purchase to unlock some things, but the game play is the same.untill just a few days ago you could get the exact same version as what is now here on Steam for free through the Windows Store, but they just recently pulled it out of the Windows Store.if you have an Andriod device just search Google Play for Hero Siege and get it for free, unless you really want it through Steam, or unless you really want to support the developersalthough the forum mods (Tupu and PaNicci) from thier development team keeps deleting this info from the game's forums, they dont want Steam users knowing you can get it free else where. kind of rude on thier part. so i am posting this here in a review, where hopefully Tupu or PaNicci can not delete it. you all have the right to know you can get this game for free.also the game may be available on Xbox One, but i don't know if it is free for Xbox One.despite all that i would recomend the game, it is fun, but if you can get the FREE version first before deciding to buy the Steam version"
76561198071189597,Not Recommended,269210,14739669,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dr. Cosmos,"Pointless. There is nothing to level up for, you´ll end up dead when a fly touches you."
,Recommended,269210,9942008,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Reaxxion89,"I don't think I am done at 18 Hours! MUST CONTINUE!I LOVE INDIE PC GAMES! Starting today, I will be showcasing two different Indie games of my choice onAt7addak.comto help support the Indie Game Developers. To kick off the new series, I'll be showcasing Hero Siege and Forge Quest!http://www.at7addak.com/article/indie-games-showcase-1-hero-siege-and-forge-quest#cf1317c8-bf72-46c0-85c6-a5c48f3c35bf"
,Recommended,269210,24181576,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jão,"""BLIZZARD INSPIRED GAME"""
76561198042152792,Recommended,269210,23192919,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Zeaza,gud
,Recommended,269210,14636254,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Howl,This Game is Very Addicting
76561198129410903,Recommended,269210,11512138,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Cerberus,Very Addictive. Frustrating at time's when you die for no obvious reason's. But over all it's a challenging and entertaining game... + Loot Mother ♥♥♥♥er
,Recommended,269210,11410251,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,hmm,"9/10 This game has a difficulty that neither the old Nintendo games XD The difficulty of the stages and bosses is amazing, the only point that shook me a bit was the multiplayer, I bought it in early access, but started to crash, apart from that the game is great, SEVERAL HOURS OF RAGE XD"
,Not Recommended,269210,33542846,Posted: 14 July,all,Mcpardog,Devs are waste of time.
,Recommended,269210,32949509,Posted: 28 June,all,DR. CLOWNY,This game made my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ feel good.
,Recommended,269210,21827531,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Postive_Vibes,Can you please release on the phone again? I enjoyed it but now it's gone ; (It's a great game keep it up guys!
,Not Recommended,269210,15619747,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tohkkka.,"Game is REALLY Un-balanced, it feels like an early access game more than  a official release."
,Not Recommended,269210,13681442,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Phyrebat,"Gotta say the fact that something as essential (Essential for this kind of game anyway) as MULTIPLAYER is a payed for DLC is utter nonsense.I repeat! You Have to BUY ONLINE MULTIPLAYER as a seperate DLC. I see now why ""Multiplayer"" isn't included in the tags.Now, on to my (admitttedly limited) experience with the game:It was okay I guess. Nothing really grabbed my attention. The graphics were nice enough, the controls worked, the enemies kind of wandered towards me as I kited them all to death with little trouble at all. I found that my abilities had trouble acitvating however. Many times I'd press the button (even 2 or 3 times) and nothing would happen. The ability icon would be in full colour, but it just wouldn't activate.Eventually I reached the first boss and that's where this games shortcomings really brought themselves out. The boss was this armless zombie who spawned swarms of flies and threw giant spike balls. Sounds interesting in concept, but the execution was rather poorly done.1) The swarms of flies are constantly moving towards me which results in a constant wall between me and the boss and he always spawns more as soon as I clear a swarm.2) The flies each have a noticable amount of health. They are not as easy to clear as you'd think flies would be.3) Every time he attacked, And I do mean EVERY TIME he attacked, the boss would speak one of his 3-4 sayings. And with his neverending wall of flies you can imagine that those lines would get repetitive.4) Eventually the flies started spawning with elemental enhancements which didn't seem like a problem at first, until one fly touched me and I was frozen and then instagibbed by the swarms.5) I levelled up like, 7-10 times just on those flies alone, in like, a few minutes. To me there's something wrong with a boss fight if the minions He's spawning are strong enough to warrant that much of a reward.TLDR: 1) Visuals and music are nice2) Controls work for the most part3) You have to BUY ONLINE MULTIPLAYER4) Bosses can be frustrating to fight5) Character sayings get annoying6) Can't shoot diagonally7) Get's pretty old really fast"
,Not Recommended,269210,13676884,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lajcik,"What could have been a very fun game is ruined by cheap (or simply bad) design. Hero siege is littered with cheap shots. Traps and turrets dealing 2/3 to 100% of your health in damage. Certain mobs spawning impossible to dodge traps. Some dungeons spawning with diagonal corridords yet you can only shoot in 4 directions. Other times you will find an item early that lets you one-shot almost everything and you will get very far until you get one-shot by something you didn't see coming.Altogether the game is more frustrating than fun. It would be fun for a free game, but I wouldn't say its worth the asking price."
,Recommended,269210,17675044,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Tigg3R ⚡,"get prepared to frustrade, madness, crying and trow piles on your TV, but is this game still worth for that few bucks and this cheap price?i recommend this game, especially the MP part is kinda fun, i mean; shared is a problem halved :Dif you buy that game, then buy the paladin DLC too, hes OP :D (except you get 1shot by some balls)"
,Recommended,269210,21627405,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,"Zack ""Hands-On"" Hampson","All in all, great game. Some updates screw with server hosting, but singleplayer remains unaffected. For 59 cents, this is amazing. So many levels, so many difficulties!"
,Recommended,269210,14317487,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,.cha,"Great game, lots of replayability, but dear lord there's so many cheap and unfair insta-deaths that's not even funny (I'm looking at you Kayo the Sapling)."
,Recommended,269210,11398841,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Taylidious,fun and adorable! its like diablo meets just wave after wave of madness! I love it!
,Not Recommended,269210,26737531,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,MaHI,so bad rt snm
76561198077501454,Not Recommended,269210,26720046,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,sean10tri,this game doesn't run on mac
,Recommended,269210,32791588,Posted: 25 June,all,rAAZ,"Jogo de macho concietuado , só autoridades jogam esse jogo"
,Not Recommended,269210,18980189,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Plutonicdude,"I liked this game a lot when I bought it 2 months ago and played for hours. I just picked it up yesterday with a friend to do some couch co op and really dislike the changes. I understand wanting to provide updates, however it would be nice if updates were properly tested to work before they are release. Two months ago I loved this game. As of right now I wouldn't recommend buying it."
,Not Recommended,269210,18889845,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,meh. lots of updates seem to be running it into the ground. they want to make an old school game and keep updating and trying to make it seem more modern.. self defeating it seems.
76561198206836216,Recommended,269210,23192224,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,God Loving Atheist,Fun game to play with friends.
76561198042823263,Not Recommended,269210,24223150,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Solace,"A few highlights:10 DLCs, each of which contain a small amount of content and half of which almost cost as much as the base game, though 3 of the dlcs are superficially inferior copies of their ""Digital Collectors Edition"" counterparts.A DLC class which costs a dollar to unlock, but cannot be selected for creation in the character creation screen due to a bug.Almost half of the game is locked behind a DLC paywall.So many bugs, you can't hear the soundtrack over the buzzing of the swarm."
,Recommended,269210,20481767,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Yasuraoka Hanabi skinhub.com,"Awesome game, specially to play with a friend. There is some bugs here and there, but it is still fun to play."
,Not Recommended,269210,24272477,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,xXx_1337_xXx,"Hixya ne rabotaet, razrabi idite naxyi"
76561198116647406,Recommended,269210,19072001,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ice,70 hours of gameplay... 67 was frozen on act II.
,Not Recommended,269210,29118377,Posted: 8 January,all,Olencia,"A pretty fun game that unfortuinatly lets itself down with bad practises. In order to get the achievemnts for the main game you HAVE to buy DLC.There are some also annoying little things, like you have to press a button to pick items up when you are close enough. Sometimes these items spawn ontop of the doors or ladders you go close to in order to leave to the next level. This usually results in the loss of those items, as once you leave an area and return it's reset itself meaning all the items you left there are gone.The game can also be quite annoying too if you're trying to build up alot of items (which since it has a small roguelike element) you loose them on death. I find that when I die, I either get one or two shot, even after assigning all talent points into damage reduction and health.So I'd probably recommend just getting Diablo, which when you've bought all the DLC for this game comes out to the same price xP"
,Not Recommended,269210,23874913,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Beef Tiger,"I paid $0.50 for this and got about that much entertainment from it.  Decent art style and a lot of variety as far as skills and character class, but there's just no game there, just a weak, wave-based version of Diablo.  I will admit I bought this by accident, confusing it with another game with a similar look."
76561198059142529,Not Recommended,269210,29115805,Posted: 8 January,all,Moose,My nan could do better voice acting. She's dead.
,Not Recommended,269210,13675431,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The best a man can get.,"This game never rewards you for doing good at all, requires microtransactions to RENAME CHARACTERS and even PLAY CO-OP. Not to mention this game is hard as balls for anyone, newcomers or Binding of Isaac finactics. Do not buy this game, it is broken and does not even deserve its sometime 1.62$ price tag."
,Recommended,269210,30411281,Posted: 9 March,all,EKKLOUD,10/10 if you want a game to play with your 3 best friends THIS IS YOUR GAME.... the first time that we played it we have spent 4 hours at first till 3am jajajajajaja ...
76561198045499772,Not Recommended,269210,13556628,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Larrandel,"For two dollars, it's still terrible. Almost shareware bad."
,Not Recommended,269210,13619240,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nargacuga,I can't recommend this game. Not for $1.49. Not for free.♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is like one of those horrible free android games. You can't even ♥♥♥♥ing shoot diagonally. How lazy are these devs?
,Recommended,269210,15587789,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,<Sleeping> Weinster,"I read some of the negative reviews and was almost put off from the game, but thank goodness I wasn't.This game is an absolute blast to play, even when it cat get a little frustrating at times."
76561198095245896,Recommended,269210,14044315,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Drabulous,Lots of fun. I recommend this game to people who like to have fun.
76561198075476502,Recommended,269210,12738127,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LargeFrogs,"Its fun and all, however clarity is a major issue. Half of the time, your death will leave you thinking ""wtf just killed me"". It takes a while to get used to the amount of objects on screen."
76561198063983404,Recommended,269210,12770477,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Trollboi,"Hero Siege's pixelated graphics may repel many players, but this game is AMAZING!!!! When I discovered this gem I instantly was hooked! It has an equal amount of difficulty and skill making it a 10/10 MUST BUY at its VERY low price. I absolutely recommend this game."
76561198075651846,Recommended,269210,12782043,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kamaji,Fun little rouge-like. Works well with a controller. Very addictive.
,Recommended,269210,12934180,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Zac,"Fun game to drop in and play here and there. Killing time or just want something simple to play. This is the way to do it, and the price is right for it too.The game is still getting new stuff added. Some features may not be that great but you can see the potencial of things to come with future up dates."
,Recommended,269210,9231474,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Bastion,"This is a really nice game.Is it worth full price? I would say yes.Your goal is to beat the waves that come at you by using your attack. There are different classes, and the attack is different for each one. There is only 1 attack per class, but each class has abililities and perks that can modify the class specific attack, which is very nice indeed. For instance, as a pyro, the base attack is a ball of fire, but as you level up you can improve the chance of instead of firing a ball of fire, you fire a meteor, or even fire the base ball of fire in multiple directions. There's all sort of crazy things you can do really.As you beat waves, you go trough different areas. Those areas are different each time you play (they are somewhat randomly generated), and different areas have different traps and enemies. What i mean by ""somewhat randomly generated"" is that for instance the size of the area, the type of the enemies, and the type of traps you can expect in one area it's always the same, but they are placed in different locations each time, and some instances may or may not have some traps. That makes each play-trough unique, and you may have to adopt slightly different strategies each time.Killing enemies gives you experience, which you use to level up. When you level up you are given points that you can spend on improving your stats. There are 4 stats in the game, those being Damage, Attack Speed, Armor and Health. Also, you receive points to improve/unlock abilities or the chances of your base attack do something different. It's also a rogue-like, in the sense that if you die on one wave, you're done and you have to start from the Wave 1 of the act all over again. Though, unless you're playing on Hardcore, you keep you character, its levels, points, abilities etc.. Part of the point of the game is level up so you're stronger the next time you play.The game also features dungeons, that appear on the areas of the game. The dungeons sometimes are harder to beat than the normal waves, but they give you an item if you beat the dungeon, so it's more often than not worth the risk. Those special items, called ""relics"" are also given to you each time you beat an area, and they really improve you experience with the game. Those items do all sort of crazy things. Some give you base attack a chance of freezing/poison enemies, others give you homing missiles that are around you that fire automatically and help you killing the enemies, others ""simply"" improve your base stats etc... I say ""simply"" because even though ""improve you base stats"" may sound something boring, it can REALLY help you out making areas easier. These items are also wiped from you if you die, so you have to collect new items again each time you play. The game seems to have a finite number of these relics, but there's a large number of them and the items you find are also randomly generated.As you kill enemies they drop gold, that you can spend on the store on thing like health potions, damage boost potions etc. Those boosts are also only valid for that specific play-trough, they reset if you die, as well as all the gold you happen to find. The game has also a rare currency, the crystals. These crystals are really hard to find, as far as i know there's only 2 ways to get them: crystal chests (chests that need a crystal key to be opened) or bosses that sometimes drop a few of them, very rare to happen though. With crystals you can buy cosmetic stuff, the possibility of have a skeleton pet the next time you play (that actually helps you fight the enemies), the possibility of starting with a relic on your next playtrough, crystal keys. You might be like ""Hang on a minute..you say you can get crystals from crystal chests, but you have to spend crystals on crystal keys to open them, what?"" Yes, the good news is that those crystals chests often give you more crystals than the ones you spent on the key, along side with tons of gold and possibly a relic. And for those wondering, i'm happy to say that the game has no microtransactions whatsoever.I really recommend this game. Already put 10hrs on it and will definitively put more.The only word of warning advice before buying this game it's that even though it's on sale as a completed game, it is not. As the time i'm writing this, new classes and multiplayer are promised and are still to be added. Some balance improvements are still being made. It's more like a beta, but with a pretty solid gameplay already."
,Recommended,269210,28759172,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,stanley's life matters,"Hero Siege is basically RPG/Hack & Slash game, there is bad thing you have to buy DLC for some part of game. Other than that, game is pretty good. You'd like to play this game. The good thing is, if you want, you can play this game without friends, community is gorgeous."
,Recommended,269210,33215125,Posted: 3 July,all,The Blue Diamond,"This is is like a mix of Diablo, Realm of the mad god and The binding of Isaac.One of the best online co-op Rogue-Like games on steam in my opinion!"
,Not Recommended,269210,19060460,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,userTom,no.
76561198043819648,Not Recommended,269210,19336571,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DonJoe,"Worst game ever - never had THAT many bugs in a game designed to play coop.""small"" list:1. joining a game is aweful2. the host of the game gets much more loot3. mega laggy if not host4. inexplicable ""stats"" suddenly appearing: host suddenly made 4k+ damage - where I did 200. A bit later I suddenly had a *negative* damage bonus and did very bad damage. No explanation why (did not collect anything or switch any gear)5. mega buggy environment, sometimes enemies or turrets or any hazard on screen cannot be seen by the partner, so the partner dies because he feels safe (nothing on screen) although standing directly in a hazardous area.6. inventory and trading is a bad joke. Happened twice that we traded an item, the item arrived at the host, but the partner still had his original item. The item the host traded vanished....Unplayable"
,Recommended,269210,21657624,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Triển Chiêu,funny game
,Recommended,269210,11303736,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,WCKD X,Holy sick. It's Awesome
,Not Recommended,269210,17152762,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tomato ass,"This game is the worst fucing game ever. Played and put in several hours into a character to get oneshot by a passive turret. Then I lost everything, all of my skill points were gone and everything I had worked for was gone. I sugest you pirate this game, please put this compoany out of buisness. Anybody who worked on this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and should never ♥♥♥♥ing touch a video game or a pc ever again."
,Not Recommended,269210,34222093,Posted: 13 August,all,Salve Grumio,"Great fun trying to get the game to work! No official servers so you have to either port forward or use something like hamachi. If neither of those work than get recked son, unistall this terrible game and play PoE."
,Recommended,269210,28798455,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Papi,เกมถูกแต่สนุกสุดๆเหมาะแก่การเล่นกับเพื่อน
,Recommended,269210,21717011,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Radiance,"Try it, If you dont like it you can refund it, simple solution."
,Not Recommended,269210,11345890,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DPSonly,why you nee gamebad to play co op why?
,Not Recommended,269210,13438913,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,elderpyre,"While the gameplay is really fun, I can't recommend this until they fix the bug that keeps causing me to get knocked into inanimate objects or off the map by hostile area of effect attacks. It's extremely frustrating, especially when you're in the midst of a solid run through an area."
,Recommended,269210,11311091,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,modenaPSU,"Rogue style ARPG/Diablo/hack&slash game with retro graphics and a great soundtrack.  Challenging, rewarding, addictive.  Allows you to be in the middle of the meat of the game within seconds of launching.  A simplistic mix of Zelda and Gauntlet."
76561197999379421,Recommended,269210,12222203,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,NijAAlba,"Being a fast-paced run, dodge and hit-game, Hero Siege does almost anything right it has to. I picked it up a while ago and thought I'd really have to look into it. That was an awesome decision! The game is pure fun! You create your character and start killing monsters. Leveling up unlocks various skills to upgrade your character and you can find some pretty nice weapons and trinkets. The game is always fair, you always know what you are up against or why you just died with the controls being very simple. All this together makes for an awesome amound of fun and the ""This time I'm gonan get one level further"" works pretty well.8/10easily achieved!"
,Recommended,269210,12763871,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Michael@Belgium,"A small, simple and an awesome + addicting game. At start it's hard but when you're on fire you can handle every incoming wave and big bosses. No bug/crashes encountered (yet)."
,Recommended,269210,13093141,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ST.Minou,"This is probably one of the best indie games that I 've played . The game combines very good mechanical outcome of RPG Tower Defense and Hero Survival. Developers are really active and even if the updates are not always stable, they exist."
,Recommended,269210,13323611,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Pupu(Doc),kinda cool
,Recommended,269210,13332617,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Dandy McPants,"For a simple game, I've spent a crap load of time on it. It's an excellent time killer, especially if you've got a pair of controllers for some co-op slaying."
,Recommended,269210,12741497,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,spyn,i can't stop playing this dumb game a++
,Not Recommended,269210,13490860,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,j0yrex,meh
76561198038294133,Recommended,269210,13526941,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Der Sexy Führer,"It's pathetic really, you have a good game like this and then the whole thing gets ruined by a bug that removes your characters. I want to see this get fixed. Other than that this game is really good, but not playing it again until Paladin comes out."
,Not Recommended,269210,9966818,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,PlasmaLink,"I don't really like this game. I was hoping for something like Risk of Rain or Binding of Isaac, which I can see some remnants from, but it really feels sloppy. The voice acting is low quality, and gets repetitive (play the pirate to really experience this), but the real kicker for me is how leveling up works. You need to grind, and when you die, you restart at wave 1, but with your current level. Sure, there is a 'hardcore' option, but the game is really balanced on your grinding your character to level up. It could have been pulled off well (see rogue legacy), but it just doesn't feel nice. And you only get items that actually do cool things once per level, at the very end, after around 6 waves, and a boss. By the way, sometimes bosses are impervious to ranged damage. This seems cool in theory, except when you consider that some classes have absolutely NO melee attacks. That means that these classes literally cannot win.I can see there was potential, but it just doesn't shine. Go buy risk of rain or binding of isaac instead if you haven't already."
,Recommended,269210,11274683,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MSU,Best top-down slasher. A lot of fun. 10/10Must buy!
76561198042941161,Recommended,269210,11294785,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Littlesoldier,"Good game, but people using Mac can't get the achivements, i want devellopers to fix all these bugs"
,Recommended,269210,11234400,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Chaedog,"For such a simple game (a port from a smartphone no less) I've spent countless hours on it.  Very challenging but not to the point where you quit in frustration (okay maybe hardcore mode will get you to quit) I haven't tested out local co-op yet but I'm sure its good.  The developers are constantly adding new features and fixing bugs, and its first DLC pack is due out in a few days.Highly recommend you pick this up when its on sale!"
76561198020934519,Not Recommended,269210,11864421,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,leqesai,"Hero Siege is an interesting game. On the surface it sounds great and makes a lot of sense but the further into it you delve the more mish-mash the whole experience becomes.Graphically the game is great. Characters are designed well and fit the atmosphere niceley, the enemies are well drawn and so are the background elements. Problem is.... the background elements are totally placed randomly throughout the maps (which are poorly designed in and of themselves) which make the levels feel really.... dead. Which is the most serious problem plaguing this game. Nothing about it feels immersive or engaging.The leveling system is a fun twist to the roguelike formula but pretty much means you'll get hammered by the hordes of enemies until you're strong enough to progress. And regardless of how many levels you gain you'll find traps and certain moves constant headaches since they can potentially one-shot you ruining a hundred+ wave game.Furthermore the skills and stats, although novel, feel tacked on and pointless. Your stat points strengthen your character really really slowly, and the skills don't really offer much customization. Sure you can invest in one skill over another but you really don't feel very unique doing so. Maybe if the characters progressed through branching classes or something you'd feel more invested in how you build your character but the current system leaves you wanting more.There are also LOADS of things on the screen that clutter up the experience. Enemies come at you in big clumps and frequently have abilities that leave so many particle effects on the screen that you feel like you're stuck in some sort of horrible particle effect nightmare.Progression in the game is extremely boring, as well. Wave after wave after wave without any change. Sure you can do the occasional dungeon but I feel like the dungeons are way more fun/interesting than the core gameplay.Hero Siege is like a tower defense game with no home base to protect. It is like an RPG without equipment, classes, and storyline. It is a roguelike without unlockable content, mish-mashed graphics, clunky+boring progression and replay value only for the truly dedicated.Not to mention the bugs. Thinking of playing co-op? forget it, for now. The co-op is completely clunky and broken. Online multiplayer has never worked for me so I can't tell if it is more fun than offline (I'm sure it is, if it would work).Having said all that... it is a fun game.I recommend playing this ONLY if you can get it on sale. The 5.99 price point doesn't seem like much but in its current state there are loads of issues with the game. The developers seem interested in fixing things but the list is so long, and the core gameplay so mind-numbingly boring, it may be a long time before we see this product turn into something truly awesome (though the potential is there)."
76561197981561221,Recommended,269210,11265428,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Golden Lords,"Not a bad way to spend $5.99.  This game might surprise some people, there's a lot more content in there now then people realize."
,Recommended,269210,9279991,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,CoverArtist,"This game is really addicting and fun, me and my boyfriend spend hours trying to up-do the other. You have few seconds between battles to gear up and collect loot, hidden rooms such as dungeons or castles appear for a short number of time and you get upgrades from golden chests/bosses. The game lets you keep your levels which make the 'easier' floors nonexistant as it learns as you do. Beautifully done and hope to get the pirate class soon! Arg!"
,Recommended,269210,13013461,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,TheDapperTurkey,if u get in to it this game is amazing but if u think its boring at the start just keep playing overall THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Not Recommended,269210,11239885,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,MagikarpKing,This game was really cool and I was excited about the fact that they had multiplayer go active today. Now they want me to buy a $5 dlc just to get the online play and new character that was promised on the 18th. I'm really disappointed that they would pull a stunt like this. We were promised now continent and it said nothing on the original store page about having to buy more to get online and new character… you are the oatmeal raisin cookie pretending to be a chocolate chip cookie. way to pull an ea guys.
,Recommended,269210,11244084,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Aaru,*so many relics for such a small dude*I want to say that I never had so much fun in a game like this. I did not know that will entertain me so much. (the more you play the more you discover)It doesn't matter how the graphics looks like as long as the game is awesome! and the characters are AMAZING ( so many ways to have fun). I have not tested all of them but i sure will :)It looks like cool stuff really come in small packages.
76561198105334013,Not Recommended,269210,11572575,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Camisadox,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Words cannot describe how ♥♥♥♥ing bad this game suddenly got. While initially I liked this game as a fun ""Binding of Issac"" ripoff, recent updates have made this game♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed super hard. Suddenly removing the easy access shop may have been a decision to make it harder, but does nothing but remove the store in favor of Treasure Forts which are all but pointless as you need copious amounts of gold in order to buy useful stat boosting items. The poitions have all but been rendered useless as some of them kill you if you are a low level. Busted controls make it so some of you super moves not even work. I even experienced a full game crash when I died at one point. Also some of the graphical ""upgrades"" have made some sprites look alright and some utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ The most recent one has turned the basic rat enemies, which had completely fine sprites, into giant brown turds with red eyes and Mickey Mouse ears.I bought this for like $1.49 and at the time I thought I got a steal. Now I want my money back."
76561198043621046,Recommended,269210,10876319,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Uncle Schlomo Bagelstein,"Went into a level four dungeon and it was filled with desert beasts, each with 12000 hp from the 90-120 levels.10/10Seriously, though:Could use more skill customization, maybe a fourth skill branch on the X axis.Could use more classes.Could use more hats."
,Recommended,269210,13101059,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,uAc iNfO,I like this game
,Recommended,269210,11245542,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,nadebug,"Simple yet awesome. Basically, a generic roguelike game mixed with a top-down shooter. Brilliant and well executed."
,Recommended,269210,11281281,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,The Pie Guy,"Completely enjoyable game. Hours of endless fun. Reminds me of Diablo II for various reasons. Bought it when it was on sale, but would still buy it at full price anyways.If you're a fan of Roguelikes, and specially the kind of Binding of Isaac and Risk of Rain, you'll love this game. I garen-tee it!Seriously, get it!"
,Recommended,269210,11294220,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,PM_ME_Ur_NUDES,"Recommended to play with friends. If you have none, get some. ( Sorry if i may offend friendless people )"
,Recommended,269210,10290010,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Zakk002,The latest update was fantastic. Completely fixed my screen tearing and added in local co-op. Can't wait for online. :)
76561198006604190,Recommended,269210,10632086,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ant/Klyx,"Way too underrated, this is one of the best games I've ever played. I just finished the game on Normal Mode and I had tons of fun. 11/10 game."
,Not Recommended,269210,11323591,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,A S C E N D E D  M E M E,"Friends recommended we buy this game and play some co-op, I bought it for myself and as a gift, then realised you have to pay 2x the games price to play online. What ♥♥♥♥ing developer seperates multiplayer from their game and sells it as dlc? What a ♥♥♥♥ing putrid piece of garbage, ♥♥♥♥ing scam. Don't buy, 0/10 ♥♥♥♥ you Hero Siege. If the game was fun and I had the money I would have gladly paid for some small ingame items or cosmetics, but this is just ♥♥♥♥ing low. I can't believe i ever supported early access games."
,Recommended,269210,11599965,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SæD,Hero siege is small little indie game that should be known by more people because the is a heck of a lot of fun. The game has been reported to have a lot of glitchs but when i played it i only encountred 1 and the devolper does listen and tries his best to fix the problem. any hack slash fans will love this game or any type of gamer for that matter
76561198137522954,Recommended,269210,11272675,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cereal King,It's £1.19 why the ♥♥♥♥ wouldn't you get it? It's pretty fun all the same though
,Recommended,269210,11297470,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,vira,"Amazing to play when feeling a little stressed, or bored, either or, its fun"
,Recommended,269210,11416182,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Mkerv,"Have you played Rogue Legacy? 2D side-scrolling action-adventure RPG with perhaps the best rogue-like feature I've seen, alongside The Binding of Isaac.Now here we have Hero Siege. You choose one of 8 playable classes, with many talents to choose from. Relic system similar to The Binding of Isaac can yield buffs for your toon or spell doom for you enemies. Dungeons, crypts, and many other secrets await you in one of four acts, each with multiple stages that never play the same way twice. Buy temporary buffs from gold drops or use it to buy potions to get back in the fray with a renewed thirst for violence. The evil that rises from the lands needs to be dealt with; can you turn the tide of darkness and bring peace through the visceral slaughter of all who stand against you?Get this ♥♥♥♥ing game now, dammit. Multiplayer beta is out."
76561197968458594,Not Recommended,269210,13093855,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,CrazyBird,Bought it to play it with a friend. After a year of waiting multiplayer gets released. You have to pay for it.0/10.
,Not Recommended,269210,13648619,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,FATBOY,TOOK US AN HOUR TO SET UP doesnt tell you that MULTIPLAYER IS DLC ONLY when we played multiplayer it crashed 8 times before starting there was no way to secure password for the server it is in BUGS THAT MAKE THE GAME UNPLAYABLE that made the game unplayable THIS IS NOT A COMPLETE GAME DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS NOT COMPLETE ALMOST UNPLAYABLE AND WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED WITH HOW IT WAS MARKETED
76561197983836354,Recommended,269210,14267657,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Fuzzypandas,"Hero Siege is a decent game for its price, I went into it expecting a semi roguelike game and got what I was looking for.  It does have some issues such as being very repetative, but that I can forgive.My biggest issue if I had one is the fact that in the explosion of enemy corpses... actual damaging abilitys being shot at you get muttled in with it all.I still think its a decent fun time sync, but others may want to wait for a sale. Especially since mp is only available as a DLC right now... yeah I don't get that... I would still say the base game itself is pretty decentA video review I made on it.  It is of an older version, but playing it recently I still feel the same way about the game even with a few changes that have happened since.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhYPc5p_A0E"
,Not Recommended,269210,14480723,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Knight ZeRo,"Me and my friends got together to play multiplayer, but it turns out this game requires a paid DLC in order to play. DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS."
76561198069151464,Recommended,269210,14207330,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,HeadShot,"A Rogue-like Diablo game with keyboard control.+ random generated levels, dungeons, items etc.+ 8 characters+ over 120 items+ over 70 different enemys + elite versions+ coop mode+ hardcore mode+ nice 16-bit setting+ good control+ gamepad support+ low hardware requirementI Hope The Devs would add a Steam Workshop access for this game."
,Recommended,269210,14239557,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,LinkNZ,My brother recomended me this game and it is really fantastic! Addictive gameplay that has you coming back for 'just one more' over and over. :P Really fun.
,Not Recommended,269210,12753960,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,B0b,"Most of the classes in this game are horrible.  The skills either dont do any damage, have long cooldowns, or both.  The only class I found enjoyable was the Redneck due to his ability to cleave multiple enemies and weird random skills.   Any other class is going to require you to slam your head against the wall as you die multiple times from weak enemies.  Adding points to strength barely does anything to up your damage, instead relics are your damage modifiers which are rare.I initially thought about buying 3 copies for friends but thank goodness I didnt because there is no multiplayer.  Also not being able to shoot diagonally is a real pain.  Have fun running around in circles just so you can line enemies up to attack them if your ranged."
76561198077570705,Recommended,269210,23156409,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,bshady,"This game is an exact marriage of The Binding of Isaac and Diablo. It is a really fun RPG as it sounds and highly addictive too.In the beginning I thought it's too simple in terms of difficulty but then I saw that it wasn't :)You're gonna love this game, give it a go.I bought it on sale but it's worth even for the full price."
,Recommended,269210,12795380,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ShibeShib ✈ ✈ ▌▌,"The game is overall quite entertaining, but let me point out a few flaws:The boss system is a little funky, sometimes you will get a boss that you just smash all of your ability keys and will die before it can use its special ability, but other times they will just completely mess you up. and there is ONE boss that i can not beat, no matter how hard i try, its just COMPLETELY broken, dead within seconds.You can also die SUDDENLY without even knowing. you can be in a crowd of dudes just slashing and allova sudden BAMN you get hit with some sort of attack that is way overpowered.and a HEADS UP: you have to pay 3 dollars for multiplayer. thanks, EA"
76561198027785846,Not Recommended,269210,12855997,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ChaosRepeated,So I was play this game last night.I couldn't stop it was so compelling.I played to 1 am.I cam back and looked at playing some more today.But I asked myself was I having fun?Not at all. This game uses the game principles in a similar way to dont more. WIthout that titles over arching point.Bottom line is its a time black hole but it isn't fun.
,Not Recommended,269210,12836322,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lomeo,"Random in every aspect of the word, this game embraces inablity of its developers to create a mechanicly satisfying hack'n'slash and instead focuses on throwing as much♥♥♥♥♥♥on the screen as possible. Most of the time you going to wander around trying to distiguish anything amongst the constant explosions of gibblets and blood. A lot of abilities and classes are borrowed from Diablo 2 and Binding of Isaac, but without compelling synergy system that would make building your character at least remotely interesting. Constant spam of enemies and effects and meaningles items, horrible potion and buff systems, sprites overlapping each other and making it harder to see on the battlefield, dungeons resetting the level for no reason - it's just a frustrating mess of a game."
,Recommended,269210,12880137,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,WhaleHam,Very fun. Recommend you play with controller: Easier controls-more sensitive-faster change in shot direction. Very good game. Good challenge level. Fun for all!
,Not Recommended,269210,13111559,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,nocash,More flaws than game. Feels like a prototype or alpha build.
76561198049380168,Recommended,269210,13120848,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Biggest Kirby in The World,i bought this game because it looked cheap and it had cardsturns out i only get 3 cards and they're cheap as♥♥♥♥♥♥I wasted my money on this with no profit7/10 actually a good game so I don't care anymore
76561198080646214,Recommended,269210,13154993,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,PiraTeCepTioN,"Another roguelike I found that is super addictive! The game is being updated, but it keeps it's own signs, and is very fun! It's an RPG of Binding of Isaac, that what comes in my mind when I think about it. Try your luck with potions and dungeons and either get REKT or come out like a boss. You might die many times but you might achieve such greatness that none shall stop you! After playing it through,  test your luck again in new difficults, keep lvling and having fun, try a new class, there are lot's of possibilities. I really liked the game and I hope it will improve even more, since there is more content coming. Also, best price/fun around with Steam Sale's."
,Recommended,269210,13291638,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,it's not like Enfos or Hero Line Wars or Footman Frenzy or Pudge Wars or DoBRP or Life Of A Villager or Resident Evil or Parasite or Desert Of Exile or Wintermaul_3.82_Vx_FINAL(noAIR).wc3x
,Not Recommended,269210,11491289,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Zomboli,"Just frustrating and unbalanced. Hoped for quick fun now and then, but its just horrible.I normally love rogue likes .. but this is just annoying. Going into a crypt being instantly surrounded and no way to evade, you die in a damn second... good job random level."
,Recommended,269210,15532964,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Joker,My pros:+ Fun+ Addictive+ Silent Hill (and many other games) references/easter eggs+ You got to summon a carp head dealing tons of damageMy cons:- Sometimes it crashes for no reason- lags badly on the final stages- addictive?
,Recommended,269210,15439398,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Iskukip,"To be honest at first I thought ""this seems pretty shallow"" and then i actually got into it and now i think its pretty f*ckin' awesome.I'm getting hints of the Binding of Isaac's relic collection (which is bloody awesome)Characters need balance but are pretty awesome and very unique to each other.Can't wait for the free multiplayer, considering buying the DLC.the costume system is awesome too (Nice master ""chef"" helmet)for what it is 8/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,11873936,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,R-phone,the most fxxking bugs game forever
76561198062383019,Not Recommended,269210,11280024,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Criktamen,IT made me go insane!
76561198041583498,Recommended,269210,11360952,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Blake,"Good Game.I recommend buying this it is a cheap and good game, it has a few bugs but it is updated very often. It is having multiplayer put into it at the moment which I think is great and help get many more hours out of the game. I suggest playing it with a friend but has heaps of classes and solo play :).8/10 would buy :)"
,Not Recommended,269210,19131196,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rex,"You can buy 2 of the same dlc and end up with 1 more ""thing"" im done... goodbye"
,Not Recommended,269210,15640196,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Seommoro,Don't buy this game.Jar Jar Binks / 5
,Not Recommended,269210,15646029,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Regardless,"Overall, the game needs extreme balancing and polishing.As far as the pros go, it's relatively fun to run around killing monsters. However, nothing really feels particularly remarkable or original. Things start off incredibly slow and you'll soon find yourself more annoyed by the traps, monsters, and game in general than immersed in it.The classes feel astoundingly unbalanced. And although you have several (not a huge amount) of passive and active skills to dump your talent points into, many feel severely underwhelming or just make no sense, such as the necromancer's talent to buff all summons improving each summon more than the individual summon talents themselves.You also have the choice of dumping points into Strength, Swiftness, Armor and Stamina, though you'll soon find there's no point in anything but Stamina to avoid being instagibbed. That said, you'll still get instagibbed after hundreds of waves, most likely by a trap which can be astoundinly overpowered. The majority of your character progression is through relics which you have a chance of grabbing after bosses, from chests or short dungeons and you can stack up a large amount to run through enemies, but they're easily lost as you only have them for that particular run and getting instagibbed is easy which leaves you to start off terribly slowly.With regards to relics, some have terribly useless descriptions and there's no way I've found to even look at the description after you've picked them up. Other items that are permanantly worn are picked up on a ""discard or replace and discard worn item"" basis, with the discarded items simply disappearing. That said, the game doesn't pause when you're picking up items, which has caused me to lose a significant upgrade when being attacked by a monster when picking up an item and having to immediately cancel and discard the item. Traps also still remain after an area is cleared which can just make checking the loot a pain when things are still shooting at you.Many of the sprites also appear rather half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as well as things like ""puzzles"" in dungeons which generally consist of walking around stepping on buttons or pulling levers and feel like a complete waste of time.Also seeing a class in the opening video you'd like to play then buying the game and realizing you have to buy DLC for it is kinda bogus.You can have fun with this game, it's just not worth it."
,Recommended,269210,21572151,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Spitney Hournsohn,"This is a work of art.It made me cry.Not because I was sad.Because I was happy.I wanted to refund it, because I couldn't bear it's perfection.But I already played too much of it, so it didn't fly."
,Recommended,269210,15636647,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Saunatonttu,"A lot of fun for the price, I recommend it to anyone who likes to fight of hordes of monsters with many different class choises."
76561198026291442,Not Recommended,269210,15648598,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Zircle1,"""Single player mode""-Seriously would be a good game if you didn't have to go through 30 levels just to get to the first boss. Really should be a save point there. i don't like having to go back to the very start of the game once i have already made it to the first boss then defeated by him.. Put a save point at the boss and i will give this a thumbs up. Apart from that i have now stopped playing as i really cant bear to crawl through the same 30 waves just to get to a boss fight again. A good game shouldn't deter you it should make you want to come back."
,Recommended,269210,26472895,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Riexd,Its like Graal Online !  (\0w0/)
76561198012748201,Not Recommended,269210,21608176,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kartago,Not enough mana for skill.Not enough mana for skill.Not enough mana for skill.Not enough mana for skill.Not enough mana for skill...|..
76561198255092768,Recommended,269210,21610795,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,J3zus gamdom.com,"Funny how game crashed after to many monsters gathered in 1 placed,lost teleportation and items and got lowered lvl befored buying teleportation for 100 000 gold,but I didnt got refunds ,got nothing but waste of time,I hope you look into the game and try to do some work into performance.Feels like wacthing minecraft - trying to destroy everying in path with 1 000 000 TNT and in the end they're computer crashed and have close program :D . Weak game.Too bad ."
,Recommended,269210,9272764,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Weavaloid,"I haven't played through the whole game so far but this game is pretty fun.One of the most interesting rogue kind of games I can think of right now, random generated maps, with some wave action gameplay, some jokes here and there, like the ""Arrow to the knee"" joke (I know it's a bad example), Character selection, power ups, enemies and CHALLANGING. Everything what this game needs really.But that's not exactly why I recommend this game, I mainly review this game because this game has potentional.Just like some other games I reviewed, I like that they are updating the game guite often to keep up this game.It's like they know what they're doing and keep inspired to make this game even with their updates.Ofcourse I think there needs to be a little of changement, like for example those centain things like the spike balls can kill you instantly even if you got full health.But then again I'm not sure if it is planned but I think it's worth buying the game and checking it out!"
,Recommended,269210,26092703,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SwitchBL8,"TLDR: recommended!Pros:+ low graphics demand, so should play on low-end machines very well+ humour+ easily controlled by joystick (both sticks, it's a twin stick shooter!)+ dying only makes you lose time (and pride). If you're not playing hardcore that is.+ difficult (or am I just a lousy player?)Cons:- second stick to attack needs getting used to (instead of pressing buttons/triggers)- the normal back button on the joystick is not always ""back"" (read: next wave)- no shared stash between heroes (at least I couldn't find how)- archaic way to enter a levelTried the Paladin, Viking and Marksman classes so far. The Paladin died too much, so I tried the Viking. A lot easier, but of course: melee combat. Tried the Marksman for a more ranged experience. Did the first level without even using my level-up skills or a special attack. But some enemies are indifferent to ranged attacks, so you still need some close combat with the marksman. Which I can tell you is not good for your health.Very nice game, great when you don't have much time to play. Just play a level or two, the game is fast enough to either kill you in a couple of minutes or have you proceed to the next level."
,Not Recommended,269210,30621710,Posted: 19 March,all,TitanTitan,Was not impressed.
,Recommended,269210,34250281,Posted: 14 August,all,Kazrim,"I love this game, it's really really really fun and has pretty much taken over my steam gaming. Also my dead lv 78 hardcore samurai broke my heart. If you play hardcore prepare for a lot of trial and error ontop of learing which relics you do and don't want its definitely challenging but oh so fun. If you don't play hardcore do still prepare for insta kills from time to time that will leaving you speechless infront of the screen.10/10 would watch in horror as my toons die again(and again, and again)"
,Recommended,269210,34282510,Posted: 16 August,all,Pach,"One of the best RPG with friends, I get a lot of fun building the characters leveling, and searching runes. 10/10"
,Recommended,269210,30824804,Posted: 29 March,all,Ihastunes,i think I've logged enough hours to finaly rate this game.When the game first launched it was a pretty difficult game (and thats what i liked about it) but since the updates have happened the game has got a lot more easy to play.pros*it's a time killer*loads of different characters*can play with your friends*end game is funCons*playing with your friends can be annoying when theyre at end game*end game is just the game at a higher difficulty
,Recommended,269210,14628298,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Stem,"Hero Siege is a top-down wave-by-wave hack-&-slashbullet hell. Well, bullet hell is taking it too far, it's closer to being a stripped-down dungeon crawler.Legend:+ --->pros- --->cons+ Lots of stages to waste your time+ Different characters that actually differ so you can adapt different playstyles (though, it's still a hack & slash so it doesn't change much)+ A well-built skill tree (some might disagree, I know)+ Items & relics!!! WOOOOO!!!+ Difficulty raises over progression in the game+ Randomly generated traps and objects in stage- Algorithm of random generation is really random, not sophisticated enough to create good stages, so it feels rather bland- Enemy AI is repetitive, they just chase you around (though can be a pro too, at hard times lol)- Bug haven, lots & lots & lots of bugs/glitches (most of them are not game-breaking ones though)- Extra DLC for multiplayer & Siege ModeOverall, this is a great gameto pass time. Be wary though, playing for ""five minutes"" becomes five hours, so good go ahead and play this for afew minutes."
76561198152894892,Not Recommended,269210,34541903,Posted: 27 August,all,Paisoct,"Why i can't play this game?Game crash, please fix this!"
76561198069152566,Recommended,269210,13264653,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,fizzlestixx,"Hero Siege, also known as Grinding Simulator 2013.This game requires excessively unhealthy amounts of grinding for you to even get anywhere.I'd have it no other way.Rating: 10/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,16454059,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Affe,"EDIT: This has now been fixed by the developers. Big + to the devs.Here is the old review in question++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++The reason i bought the game was to jump in to multiplayer an have a go at it with some friends, so i have yet to evaluate the singleplayer component.I have encountered an almost game breaking issue within the multiplayer component of Hero Siege.During the process of trying to launch multiplayer i was prompted with a screen with fields labeled; ""Username:"" and ""Password:"". At first i thought this was a simple mistake. Then i also noticed a button saying ""Register"".What is this i thought. some sort of newsletter? surely nobody would release a game on steam without incorporating the steam API.Boy was i wrong... So against my better judgement i went through with the registration.The lack of feedback from the registration form had me clicking the submit information several times. This all resulted in the message ""Account name already in use""(never happened before because I'm super creative) and finally ""Email address in use"" which was a sign i had actually managed to register.But wait, there is more!I even thought to myself well, at least now i can log in and play... WRONG!You actually have to verify your account through email before playing. My mind went something like this ""Well then let's verify the account."" so here i sit 45 minutes later... no new mail, not even in the spam folder. I'm starting to suspect my Hogwarts application might arrive before i get a chance to play, which would be a shame since it's already 10 years late.The developers even acknowledge the fact that the verification email takes a long time to receive(up to 30 minutes) and also mentions the issue is not on their part, rather on your mail service which might delay it. That's where they are wrong. There is no need for a separate account service in the first place!"
,Not Recommended,269210,18853261,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gerend,mutliplayer is insanely buggy not even worth 2.50 for the 4 pack
76561197999737264,Not Recommended,269210,19108949,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,gary,"I used to really enjoy this game, a bullet hell brawler with punishing difficulty but not too long ago I loaded up my lvl 150 pyro to find they've changed the game so much that I don't find it fun anymore.It used to be that loot dropped and you would have to either wait until the end of the wave(s) to decide whether to equip it or do it during battle.  Instinct told you whether an item was better and you would quickly press A or B to decide.  Now you pick up equipment, it's placed into storage and have to go through a tedious process of deciding whether to equip or sell it.  In theory this would work well except that the loot screen doesn't tell you the full stats for the item, some attributes are missing rendering the whole thing moot.  Also money in the game only has use in the shop so selling items is pretty much pointless since you get enough of it during the waves.The change to have an energy bar has destroyed your talents.  Instead of being on a cooldown timer they now have an energy cost and all draw from the same pool.  I can see that they are trying to go for ""carefully pick which one to use at the right time"" but in reality it means that you only try and use your strongest attack the other 3 are useless.  For a pyro this means you get 2 hydras and then have to wait ages to get another as the energy bar slowly refills.  Enemies will sometimes drop energy pills that refill the bar a little but there is so much flak on screen it's difficult to get to them.You can still get insta-killed by acid spitters and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t one hits which is the reason why I stopped playing the game in the first place.Everything seems to be a lot easier as well, even with limited hydras I can still trigger all waves and get through with no hassle.The problem is that this seems to be change for the sake of it but it's still buggy and not well balanced.  There are still times when I wonder what killed me.  The relics still aren't explained.  Keys still drop far too infrequently.  Bosses are still way too easy (I haven't checked if you can still farm them by save scumming).  The energy system is a needless addition that prevents you from having ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments that spamming buttons gets you out of, it has also made useless 3 of your talents. The new loot mechanics are buggy, needless and add little.  You still can't have local multiple player on multiple monitors (so you can push each other off the screen).  Potions are still a hit and miss affair.  You still get killed by the environment more than enemies and the core game I originally enjoyed has gone.And wtf is a wormhole???  The game could explain these things a LOT better."
76561197993764477,Not Recommended,269210,13697961,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Neeco 😺,"Online multiplayer only if you purchase a DLC.Lets sell regular game features as addons, and also sell the game as a four-pack, but you can't actually play with your four-pack friends unless you SPEND MORE MONEY (which, by the way, would end up being about twice the price of the four pack when I got it).Didn't even get to playing it cause I was ticked off by that so much."
76561198043256975,Not Recommended,269210,15029285,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,XAPDPOK,This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥can't even create a save file -_-
76561198057442841,Not Recommended,269210,15054966,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Kodiak,"Can't reasonably recommend the game. The game has amazing potential, but I'm not convinced it will ever get there. The development team is small, and is very focused on releasing DLC for the game. While the DLC adds new content, the game is full of bugs.Some modes like multiplayer are pseudo unplayable. You can play a few levels, maybe you'll get a few hours in, then you'll run into a boss or something that will crash you, and there isnt anything you can do about it. Also at the time of this post, strange errors happen with damage scaling of people who join games in multiplayer.The Devs admit that the game isn't polished yet, and they hope to get it there one day, but they really need to focus less on additional content. But unfortunately there isn't much money in it.Lastly, I perused the forum quite a bit to get an answer to some of the bugs in the game, or report them myself, and see if devs were working on them. Quite a number of the responses were abrasive from a member of the development team."
76561197998485479,Not Recommended,269210,12806589,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Runner 55,"With the overwhelming amount of positive reviews and the game being marketed as ""[...] one of the most loved indie hack n slash games with roguelike elements! Join the fun now!!"" I did indeed expect to have fun.But fun was not had. This is a plain twin stick shooter masked as a hack n slash. Acts are also promised, but is rather a randomized arena where waves of enemies spawn. That was another letdown because I expected a randomized map as in a place where the outer edges shift in shape instead of a simple square. Though to be fair, there's dungeons. However I never had the chance to enter one before I lost interest.Third letdown was the combat. I always play melee whenever I have the choice and the little I did that in this game consisted of pointing the left stick away from the monsters and the right stick towards them, occasionally pressing it whenever a skill had cooled down.All in all this game feels like it would fare better as a newly released early access game. Since it is not I just can't find a reason to recommend this game."
,Recommended,269210,34101219,Posted: 8 August,all,Glazelf,"Bought 4 copies for less 2 euros. Gave 3 away, nice."
76561198169564725,Recommended,269210,23032465,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ₛ ᵢ ₗ ₑ ₙ ₜ,Good game but a invite to game option would be wonderful
,Recommended,269210,23058463,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,i am old school runescape ok?,"awp should be removed from ct.its just unfair especially if ppl camp like ugly rats, everywhere you go awp camper rat waits. if you flash you still die... unless you get lucky hs or awp rat misses a shot... most likely wont happen since awp every ♥♥♥♥♥♥ can us"
76561198004660912,Not Recommended,269210,24207900,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Danta1st,"If you like bugs, this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197961553314,Recommended,269210,27333382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dead Cow,"Don't be fooled by the cartoony graphics, this game can be brutal. I wouldn't really classify this as a rogue-like anyomore, since most of your stats are directly related to your current gear (and satanic gear will increase your stats drastically). All in all if you like straight forward games with some rpg elements and grinding I would totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,269210,28109284,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Peilos,Highly Recommended.
,Recommended,269210,30863220,Posted: 31 March,all,Nomad,"This game is literally Diablo meets The Binding of Issac.But thats not bad, its good. Along with fun gameplay, (HIGHLY similiar to TBOC) a plethora of referances and what i consider to be 7/10 on customization its quite good.Lots of characters, abilities and the relics make each unique experiance one of a kind.All in good game for a cheap price!Have not tried the mulitiplayer aspect of it yet but i imagine the fun i am having now will be amplified when there are more people!"
,Not Recommended,269210,33198777,Posted: 3 July,all,Twertle,Was good game.Until it stopped workin.
76561198055498002,Recommended,269210,35265982,Posted: 28 September,all,beforexyz,"Patch Version and Dev behavior---------------------------------------Atm i'm playing on patch 2.0.0.4Patch content was mainly focused around the constructive negative reviews, which is greatGame------I usally play it when i download another game via Steam or when i got a bit of offtime because it is a lot of fun if you play keep playing it from time to time (bought it 1 or 2 years ago, since then never deleted it cause it doesn't need a lot of space)In the end i always come back to it to see if things have changed and if the fun core mechanics still workPrice------6 Bucks totally fine for what you get in the base version"
76561198047714303,Recommended,269210,35277225,Posted: 28 September,all,Kakacarrotcake,"Hero Siege scratches all those rogue-like, character leveling, and gear grinding needs that we all have. It's also one of the only games that I've played that has such an active/involved development team. The crew behind this game regularly communicate with their player base in terms of updates to the game and just listening to feedback.Don't pay attention to the negative reviews that only demand translations for other languages. This game is a gem and has excellent value for the price."
,Recommended,269210,16443141,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,✪ moonchow.xyz,"I absolutely love this game, pretty much anything ""dungeon crawler"" I love to death and this game perfectly fits in my favorites list.  However that being said, I have very mixed feelings and can recommend buying this game for certain things and avoiding it for others. I am changing my Not-Recommended to Recommended for somethings.-- Singleplayer -- (Recommended)The gameplay for Hero Siege reminds me of Diablo 2 and The Binding of Issac I can say that after awhile of playing I haven't encountered many issues due to recent patches. I can honestly say that if you are looking for an amazing dungeon crawler experience grab this game immediatly.-- Multiplayer -- (Not Recommended)Oh boy this is where the fun begins. Let's just start with the registration process of PanicNet. You need to create an account with PanicNet in order to play online. People have been having trouble with this however I have not, it worked perfectly fine for me. Now onto the actual gameplay, this is where the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. 1. The delay when you are attacking is horrible if you are not the one hosting the actual session, and yes I have played with many different people so it can't be lag. 2. Things tend to break alot especially quests, you will at some point get quests when you are playing and sometimes the objectives for the quest will be outside the map not allowing you to complete the quest. 3. Like singleplayer crashes tend to occur not as much but they do exist. Oh... did I mention how BUGGY AS♥♥♥♥♥♥IT IS? *ahem* it's quite bad.If you are planning to play singleplayer that is fine go ahead and buy the game however if you are planning to buy the game for multiplayer I would hold off until they fix it, they have been working hard on this game so I don't see these issues lasting much longer."
,Recommended,269210,22261149,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,](4M][,plenty of enjoyable fun. cant beat that price.
76561198166113729,Recommended,269210,22947240,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Seth,"Well I've seen a lot of reviews complaining about all the patches ruining the game but as a player just coming to the game as it is and having purchased it on sale for 60c I have to say I'm happy with the value for money.Its overall a fun game with decent rouge like elements but honestly just doesnt feel punishing enough, I'm steam rolling hardcore without seeing entire waves of enemies and have never been challenge by any of the bosses after the first world :/ and its this lack of challenge that leads to a lack of stisfaction.So over all a nice little time sink but dont expect any real challenge and I recomend to buy it on special because otherwise expect dissapointment."
,Recommended,269210,22949082,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Aquire  Itemization,"I pretty much love this game because I am nostaglic for 2D games and he reimagined yet another one this year with many inspirations including but not limited to 2D Gaming, Diablo, Isaac, voice Clips and pusedo-randomness..With all the unmatching abilities of the creatures of Hero Siege but I gotta tell ya.  Character Customization is decent especially with them hats and there are a variable amount of hats inspired by anime and programmed into the game.I particularly prefer the ranged characters because ranged characters generally avoid most damage if played correctly and the melee classes basically forces you to take a couple more hits than a ranged character so that's why I go for ranged characters.The most viable character to play as is the Pirate Class because the pirate clases has a attack speed buff which only requires one point in it to be very effective that scales with her auto attacks plus she can lay X marks the spot traps which make mini-bosses instant killable.I'd like to add The game programmer lives in the europeon country of Finland. Meaning Final Chance Land which would explain his reluctance to listen to the public maybe due to peer pressure plus this is known as a Indie game which would explain his passion regarding updating this game every few days or so and this is the current product of his love for this great video game which I personally adore Hero Siege..."
,Recommended,269210,22981914,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ZZ,"Buy this game on sale, not full price. It is a very good game, but because of its DLC based business model, do not pay full price.Hero Siege is a great game for anyone who likes rouge likes and dungeon crawlers. Zelda fans, Diablo fans, and rouge like fans all have something to like here with fun dungeons, fun wave based combat, and lacking/infrequent but descent loot systems. If you aren't super into the genres described, I can't really reccomend this game.The combat is clunky at times, and the frame rate sometimes dips.All in all, 7/10.EDIT: Semantics"
76561198138653451,Recommended,269210,23011916,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,PSYCHO,"This game is great in every way. Don't let the old reviews hesitate. For this price you should have bought it allready, the dlc is just for people who finished the game once or twice and really want to spend most of their free time on it. It's not an easy game but it is fun."
76561198104418426,Recommended,269210,23265528,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ランディ,simple game yet addictive. aside of some bug issues being handled progressively by the developer. but i will recommend this game for you that seek a fun and simple yet addicting game.
,Not Recommended,269210,23385380,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,A Large Wallaby,rip
,Recommended,269210,31698754,Posted: 12 May,all,CLﾑPAWA,My vote is 8/10Great pastime to play with friends.The game in previous versions presented some bugs but they were all settled.The part that I liked the most is the esoteric theme of the game.Absolutely recommend buying :D
76561198075361938,Recommended,269210,22904187,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Phildown,GREAT ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
,Recommended,269210,22956175,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Juice Box,"After they fixed issues with their game like mana and stuff and whatnot I started playing it again. The recent updates are really good and classes are getting buffed here and there and still maintaining balance within the game. I have seen this game fall and now I am seeing it rise again so now I will give it my positive review. My game time should surely backup my words here and I do know what I'm talking about. This could have easily become a dead game if the devs decided to throw in the towel after the mana update and how bad the ""reviews"" were but they still pushed through and as of now new content and updates are still coming that complement the mana update. I am proud to say as an old-school Hero Siege player that I like the mana change as of now and I will continue to play this game and buy their DLCs. Now if we only had an Asia server...(China doesn't count)"
76561198201421666,Not Recommended,269210,30400840,Posted: 8 March,all,^2AYYY LMAO,imagine buying a game outright and then you have to pay more money than you paid for the game just to unlock extra classes yeah make it f2p and i could see class unlocks being ok but buying a game and seeing that is BS and really just a low blow by the developers. i haven't played much so idk if i even like the game yet but seeing something as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as this i wouldn't recommend anyone buy this just get one of the many f2p games out there and if you like it buy some stuff for it don't buy a game just to have to spend more money later on to fully experience it
,Recommended,269210,13658154,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ikon3d,Лойс крч.
,Recommended,269210,16929656,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,GoldnJakel,I played this game for a bit. I can see it can become addictive and that is a good thing. I will definitely play it again.
,Recommended,269210,16912842,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,✭Nigsbee✭ [Pink Panda™],"After owning the game for less than a month, I would put up in one of the most addictive games I've ever played.Not to mention, it's also hella fun!Although there are quite a lot of bugs, and glitches, the game alone is a solid 9/10!"
,Recommended,269210,19348589,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Griffin,I got it for 20 cents on sale and profited off the card drops. 8/8
76561198096889127,Recommended,269210,17406172,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Härlige Harald,"This game honestly surprised me, it delivered more than i expected.It's very similar to The Binding of Issac, but with some progression through leveling your character. It's not one of those games which you play for hour upon hour, but for 6€ you can't really go wrong.It's definetly worth the money and if it's on a sale you have to be really cheap to skip out.Multiplayer is still in Alpha. It isn't perfect and some minor buggs does occur every now and then, but I still recommend playing it with friends."
,Recommended,269210,22000824,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,XXXREMILIA,"A cheap and fun ARPG to play with friends, a mixture between The Binding Of Isaac and Diablo, there are tons of bad things about it like the unfitting voice actors lol and some limitations here and there.Nothing too complex overall: the gameplay and build of the characters is a bit shallow and trivial but yet again, for the modest price you'll get some hours of fun from it. The only really cool feature I personally think is the relic system.Recommended on sale and with friends.6/10"
76561198077250703,Recommended,269210,30368346,Posted: 6 March,all,Shadow,Not bad
76561198014416252,Recommended,269210,34097719,Posted: 8 August,all,Pathfinder,Great game and the price is more than fair!
,Not Recommended,269210,30399469,Posted: 8 March,all,ggffff,It`s so slow.
76561198043057159,Not Recommended,269210,22747472,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MrFuskeren,give me my 0.01£ back!
,Not Recommended,269210,30773456,Posted: 27 March,all,Murloc Holmes,"I really enjoyed this game, as my playtime reflects.I also have to give props to the developers for continued support, but unfortunately the game in its current state is not the game I purchased. Instead of fixing the game in its released state, they keep adding new features, but onto sloppy coding -which inevitably introduces new bugs.If you would like to see for yourself the state of the game, I think their bugtracker paints a very clear picture.https://www.autoseries.net/bugtracker/index.php?page=issues&search=&show=100As I said, new content is great. But at some point they need to take a breath and fix what they have. Until that happens, I'd recommend looking elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,269210,30782560,Posted: 27 March,all,Aidsplosion,"Please hire professional voice-actors next time. All the heroes sounds the same, and were voiced by the same guy who sounded like he didn't want to scream too loud out of fear of waking up his mother upstairs."
,Not Recommended,269210,35037921,Posted: 17 September,all,Ewiger Hass,"The developers sure made a show on how to release a game, make a lot of success and suck on everything afterwards. Damn, this game had overwhelmingly positive reviews on the early days. Well, i used to play it quite a little bit on the past till the game deleted my main character for no FKN REASON. I rage quit and almost never played again. Today, after a lot of time, i decided to give it a shot for, you know, nostalgia. Damn everything changed and it sucks balls now. Back then, the monsters were balanced and would all come to you in waves. All at once. Now, they stand on a scenery waiting for you to go to them. It was more punk back then, and more fun. But well, that would be a detail only, WOULD, if it wasn't for the ABSURD lack of balance the game has now. Seriously. This is my first negative review. I never thought i'd do one but man, am i disgusted."
76561198071045886,Not Recommended,269210,25935309,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kayzir,"To start off, this game has a nice premise, and has a good enough art direction, but it was poorly executed. As you can see i only played for 1 hours, but it was enough to percieve the horrible balancing on everything, it is almost unplayable, because after 10 min of playing the game, i could oneshot literally everything, but what really ticked me off is that the interesting classes that maybe, maybe, i wouldn't mind playing like i'm this game's god, because i can't die, are all available only through payment, just like half of the things in this game."
,Not Recommended,269210,30424808,Posted: 10 March,all,[Toilet Raid]Hermann Edel,"This game is addictive and there is a lot of fun and good gameplay in here.This being said I do not recommend buying this game at the time for the full price.I bought it while it was on sale and I am very happy I did because if I had payed full priceI would be angry.The biggest problem with this game is the part that is or should be the most fun about it:the multiplayer.but unfortunately the multiplayer is extremely buggy, that can make the game a very jarring experience.bugs include:- not being able to cast spells- leveling up extremely fast and then losing several levels later again- inconsistent mana pool where it rises and falls from level to level without any apparent reason and sometimes suddenly isnt enough anymore to even cast any spells- different behavior for spells concerning wether you host a game or join it- spells having no effect- minions not helping you/but only the host of the game- a lot of desynchronization where you will see monsters that the other players supposedly have already killedalso not being able to solve puzzles together and everyone has to do it themselves to advance in the dungeon.these are probably just a few very easy observable but none the less quite annoying bugs that I have experienced inabout 5 hours of playing this game."
,Recommended,269210,13707636,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Arktos,"It's a clasic ""8-bit"" action RPG. Slow but well-timed and insanely hard. It's intentionally cheesey in its humor, which I find awesome. But the game play is surprisingly. It has a rhythm you can get into. You can sense yourself getting into a bad spot and trying to work work way out of it whe, suddenly, you get whacked by the unexpected. Sounds awful, but it's super-fun."
,Recommended,269210,15790520,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Leslie,"It's an ok game. Has a few issues but still kind of fun.One the biggest issues is the difficulty distribution, especially in the randomly spawning crypts and dungeons.You could get an easy small corridor with a chest in or you could get placed with several monsters with thousands of HP and insane defense, in a room that doesn't allow for kiting or dodging, basically meaning an instant loss that you can only avoid by never taking dungeons. Same deal with standard level boss monsters. You could get an easy melee thing that does nothing and has barely any health, or you get a ranged behemoth, with tons of health, spewing AOE that puts Gradius to shame.Another issue is the seemingly random events that happen thoughout the stages. They vary from raining coins, to raining fiery balls of death. Most of them are fine, but one of them is unavoidable and basically an instant kill. It spawns spiked balls (like a mace head) that roam around the stage in a set pattern. However, it seems to always spawn one of these balls on top of you. Which makes you take 3 or 4 hits before you can escape, which is a problem when you can generally only take 3 hits before you die, from anything.If you can put up with these issues and you enjoy playing Hammerwatch or The Binding of Isaac, you will probably enjoy this game. Challenging, addictive and well worth the few quid it costs."
,Recommended,269210,15992909,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Onep,For such a cheap price it's quite fun! Especially if you have a buddy or two to play with. There is 2 player local co-op  and then online play that allows for more players. I can't argue with some good co-op!
,Recommended,269210,16402932,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TesseracT,"Game play is amazing, simply put. To me its a very good cross between the first Diablo, and Legend of Zelda link to the past.The only issue I have with the game is there is some fog that gets in the way of visibility. I hope an option to disable the fog is added. Besides that the game is an A+ for sure."
76561198070402571,Recommended,269210,30899037,Posted: 2 April,all,goatymen,"i bought this game 50% off for 3.24$the game is pretty much a total diablo 2 rip off lol, but i love it so much. the only thing missing is better explaination of skills and stuff ; items gives special powers/buffs but i have to look on the internet everywhere for what it does, the same goes for the relics buffs. aside from that the game wouldve been incredible"
,Not Recommended,269210,33615410,Posted: 17 July,all,Nidaylokn,Absolutely unplayable on my computer while many other games run fine. Slow and laggy AF.0/10 since I can't even play it. And according to game forum I'm not the only one with this problem.
76561198279247174,Recommended,269210,34090172,Posted: 7 August,all,XXXCaptainKet,Looking at the Previews you think this is gonna be a great game but from my experience the movement feels clunky and strange and the game is basically just to grind out as that is all you are doing but the thing is this game does feel alright if you can get passed the other things bad about the game sometimes it can be enjoyable but other boring buy this game on sale as then you wont really be wasting money but Alright game 7/10
,Recommended,269210,16414041,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,see you next friday,"Bought the game and played 4 hours straight. The game is something between Diablo and Risk of Rain.___________________________________________############################################################################################FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of  Step EventCoin_objfor object Player_Ghost_obj:Push :: Execution Error - Variable Get -7.moeny(101681, -2147483648)at gml_Object_Player_Ghost_obj_Collision_505############################################################################################"
,Recommended,269210,16676103,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Киберватник,Diablo vs Crimsonland vs The Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,269210,22206417,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Yachar,"Lovely! I've just hit them ""Right in between the♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Recommended,269210,22894483,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,dibs,"PROS:- Nice graphics.- Many character classes.- A lot of potential.- Liked the Diablo inspiration.- Active development.- Online multiplayer (did not try it yet).CONS:- Main game is too short. Completed the four non-DLC areas on normal in ~2 hours.- Freemium-ish model -- not much to play without DLCs.- Patches are hit or miss -- they affect gameplay a lot and after an update everything becomes too hard or too easy.- Gameplay still needs balancing. Too hard and too slow in the beginning, but after collecting 5+ relics you become overpowered. Some items are too powerful as well. In ~30 min of gameplay ALL my skills went +20 because of good loot.- Crazy requirements: Recommended processor Quad core (2.4Ghz), 6GB of RAM, integrated Intel GPUs are not enough. WHY?I have bought this game on sale for under 1€ and I would recommend others to buy for such price.Off sale price (6€) is too much for a rather short game that IMHO should still be in beta."
76561198128915496,Recommended,269210,22986939,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,InvaderToden,Grind!!!!Grind!!!!Kill!!Crush!!!!!!!DESTROY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198052373286,Recommended,269210,23025165,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,tChamoo,"always returning to this game when i dont know which to play anymore, very good game, constantly in development, i just love it"
76561198144970202,Recommended,269210,24393794,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BillyBobJoe,"Firstly this game can and will get pretty dull depending on how often you play and does have some glitches that can ruin part of your experience with the game. But it's a fun game other wise! I reccomend this game because of how much I loved it! And by the way It is very focused on DLC so if your turned of by that just try it out. Now I've bought every DLC and have enjoyed them since they added new characters, areas, items, and bosses! But if you do not like the look, tone, or the rouge-like aspect of the game, you probably would'nt enjoy it but in my opinion I give it a 9/10! (P.s. I love this game)"
76561198165135478,Recommended,269210,28088646,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Some gamer on the internet,"Great hack & slash rogue like gameplay. With clear inspiration from Diablo, and The Binding Of Issac. Over all this game does bring some frame lag, and extensive CPU usage on devices that are older, or not as advanced. Regardless the entire game itself is magnificent, and beautiful with the majestically designed characters, along with the skills. The enemies are well very generic, and not threatening 100% of the way. But as you get going farther, and farther into the game it get's to be sexy♥♥♥♥♥ mass monster murdering."
,Not Recommended,269210,29342648,Posted: 18 January,all,Dr. MDMA,"I was running HS on iMac, the game was running in full graphs but update after update the game isn't anymore playable. I can't even run the game with 30fps and low graphs settings. I m talking about single player mode. Guys it would be nice to fix this, I dont think my mac's specs can't run Hero Siege."
,Not Recommended,269210,32263069,Posted: 8 June,all,Mrmerfeo4,Run around in circles until enemies are nice and clutered up.Then simply throw off your fav AoE attack and win.Just another lame♥♥♥♥♥randomly generated game with pay 2 win microtransactions for some reason.
,Recommended,269210,33184595,Posted: 3 July,all,ZSVADASZ73,"Gaming is more fun with friends! I think there is a lot of players who wants 3 or 4 player Local Co-Op in the game, so please add it. The game is one of my favourite indies <3"
,Recommended,269210,23576087,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Junkyardbot,"I play this game now on a relatively regular basis. It has a simplistic combat system that has managed to infuriate and challenge me time and time again. The introduction that you receive into this game is truly baptism by fire, with little to no explanation of how things work and how things are, and I love it because of that. I listen to podcast after podcast in the background while playing this game, and it is great because of that reason."
,Recommended,269210,23936935,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ministro,Really good game.
76561198132759701,Not Recommended,269210,21043681,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Murloc Tinyfin,Don't get it the devs are dumb
76561198034939699,Not Recommended,269210,21314369,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Avaguard,dont buy this game
76561198107580793,Not Recommended,269210,19154027,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Doge,"what the shet is wrong with the act 2 level 5 boss, you show up in a skeleton circle and you died, what the hell is wrong with this game???? and i cant find and gameplays in youtube that explains this shetty game"
,Recommended,269210,25983652,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Voidfoxx,"Played this game almost nonstop for a while then went away and came back to some changes.There is a bigger map, traps are outlined better and you don't seem to die repeatedly as much.There are changed to how you choose levels which lay out each hub in a nice special area.There is a shop to by special hats, now stick with me here, they don't do anything to your stats but they are awesome. You can only buy them with gems you get in-game and they range from horse head to naruto and pyramid head to other pop culture favourites.It is an oddly addictive game and something that will pass a lot of time."
76561197967067230,Not Recommended,269210,21433255,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,npc_dota_hero_rubick_bio,devs have no idea how to patch without breaking EVERYTHING
,Recommended,269210,21578395,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SmaugBaggins,This is a great game! It is really fun and really close to diablo very addicting and once you get started you cant put it down. Personal Favorite Class is Necromancer! it also keeps being worked on nonstop!Alot of people do dislike the mana update that happend near last halloween. Personally i think it was a good update made it feel more like a RPG.
76561198099436742,Recommended,269210,21696258,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,WRTH Rysek,"I played this game for only around 5 hours, and I'm already in love with it. I just finished Act I with 4 legendary pieces of armor, and Hero Seige has only gotten more fun over the time. There are a couple down sides to it however, but we'll get into that after I state the pros. So, let's get into the details.The game is quite addicting. While it can get a bit repettitive if you're, quite frankly, bad at it, since you face the same monsters and bosses every time you play, if you're skilled at the game you can pass Acts ""quickly"". Each act has it's own bosses, monsters, traps, etc. The one things that I have found to stay the same is the drops and the layouts of the dungeons and crypts. Even after I beat Act I and got into the snowy act, the crypts and dungeons are still the same textiles as before, dirty. This may be for a reason, since it is underground, but I would have liked to seen some more details, perhaps at least some snow, or maybe some other factor that would indicate the low temperature. One thing I liked about changing acts is that it seems that the previous act's bosses are the new act's normal enemies. For example, a boss called ""Annie"" that appeared on the first act, appeared as a normal enemy with her health in the next act. Another thing I like about Hero Siege is it's replayability. While it may get a little boring once you beaten all the acts with each character, and I highly doubt many people have done it, each time you play a new act, or a new character, the fun factor doesn't decrease. Hero Siege brings a lot of new content to the table for each of it's components. Each acts has different bosses, enemies, traps. Each character has different weapons, abilities, and special buffs. For example, my Demon Slayer has a lot of health and speed, while my friends Samurai seemed to have a lot of attack damage and got a lot omore experience then me. Which brings me to another point, this game can be played single player, and be extremely fun. While this may seem like a wierd point, and it is, since I can't really word it correctly, I have to give an example. Basically, I can sit down at my PC, skype a friend, and we can both play in our own single player worlds, talking to each other about new things we would, and new bosses we're fighting, and our stats, weapons, relics, etc. Almost none of the games I've ever found had that feature where I can just talk to someone about thsi game and have a lot of fun. So, I may have left a lot out of the game in terms of pros, and I have, I need to be starting on the cons.One of the main problems I have about this game is it's terrible multiplayer support. Normally on Steam games, you can just press join game or something of that nature. In Hero Siege, you have to make your own server by port-forwarding, which not a lot of people know how to. But that's not an issue for me, other than that I can't port-forward, as in it just doesn't work on my computer. My problem is the amount of bugs in multiplayer. I have seen some update logs, and I can see that they are fixing a lot of them, so I guess that good. Another con with this game is how the learning isn't exactly steep, but just ""there"". People who are bad at the game can't exactly get better. The good loot is with the hard to defeat enemies, and without that, you can't really get better. You're just... stuck? Another thing that I didn't like was that the bosses difficulty fluctiuated, alot. Sometimes I would face a boss that I could one hit on round 24, and then I would face a boss that would one hit me on round 6. They definitely need to change the boss strength to make each boss equal to each other. Another thing that bothers me is that the bosses never really get harder. I'm not talking about through acts, but through the rounds, one boss is as easy as another. When I played the first time, the first boss was extremely hard, and I found pleasure in that. Over the time, as I got better and better loot, I found that none of the bosses leveled up to match my skill. I could instantly take them down, and sometimes, I wouldn't even notice they were bosses. That's due to some of the bosses and almost all of the mini-bosses being re-colors of other enemies. I would like the bosses and the enemies get higher in stats as I level up, since now it's just kind of boring to go through the earlier rounds. I just skip them all, and then just shoot them down easily. Other than that though, the game has really no more disadvantages that I can think of.So, now the real question, would I recommend this game? Yes, definitely. I am recommending this to all my friends at school, and even some out of school. If you're not really good at games like this, more so, terrible at games like this, don't get it. You won't really advance and it'll just be boring. However, if you can handle a challenge, and be patient with the game to level up and get your equipment, I promise this game will be a good buy, I only noticed this game when it was on sale for $.050, and I got the 4-pack. I would probably have gotten it even for it's $6 price now."
,Not Recommended,269210,21759338,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Tim <3 Tom,"Frankly the game creators are money grubbing SOBs. They don't take negative critisicm at all and they are trying to sell a buggy frankly unfinished game in 5 segments, not to mention for each DLC you can pay an extra 2 dollars each time for some lousy hats. It's just a free to play microtransaction game that you pay for to begin with anyway."
,Recommended,269210,21762676,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Captain Spring Green,"I was a little skeptical of this game at first. I got it for 59 cents and decided I'd try it. My first 17 minutes were pure hell. I was slow as ♥♥♥♥, had no items, and didn't understand what I was doing. One night later and I'm at 104 minutes, grazing through Act 1 as a level 12 noob. The game has easily the slowest start out of any game ever, there seems to be no guidance in the story, and I have no idea what I'm doing or why. There is no tutorial. There is nothing. I didn't even know how to basic attack until 30 minutes in. But this is probably the best pixel game I've ever spent less than a dollar on. I'm going to buy the DLC probably for this game, considering how cheap they are. Seriously, if you like games like torchlight or diablo, this is pretty much the same thing but with cooler classes and a hierarchal skill tree."
,Not Recommended,269210,34658908,Posted: 1 September,all,LIT,One hit killed enemiesEnemies one hit killed meI was melee typeGG
76561198090768760,Not Recommended,269210,34981457,Posted: 15 September,all,Jess The Impmon ™,Horrible Op Enemies and Easy to die wouldnt recomment it cause poorly designed and impossible to progress levels also Minibosses still do massive damage theres no way to progress by chapter 2 cause damage calculation is not a good one
,Recommended,269210,21490030,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,QTpop,Gauntlet + Leveling + RoguelikeSomething so simple. So fun. :)
,Recommended,269210,21957528,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Yama(BigDog),A hidden Gem.  Many DII references.  A masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,269210,22206447,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,fireball0836,"im thankful i asked for a refund this........ the update anhillated the fun in game. mana and a nerf in all eneies took the fun out. i went from dying 8x to acing everything easy and mana just doesnt make sense, cooldowns were better.i played full ver on a different platform and i no longer reccomend after this update"
,Recommended,269210,26005076,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Travingel,"maybe its because i played games like it,but i couldnt keep my attention long for this 1.there are games out there that do this concept of mini rpg better, and since i have played better games like this.its kinda hard to love this 1good if you are a beginner for this kind of game, but me personally.ill pass"
,Not Recommended,269210,28195684,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Wurf,"I bought this game just to play with my friend... My almost 1 hour of gametime was me sitting around trying to even play a game with him, this game better not get a reward"
76561198147992311,Not Recommended,269210,34263312,Posted: 15 August,all,FcGod,Its kinda boring and the quest are kinda weird like they dont tell you direction there is no story no tutorial and no story to the game at all u just jump in and kill stuff thats kinda the game
76561197984489942,Recommended,269210,21659199,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,KangDangalang,"i have not logged much time on it, but it is a very fun game. i got it on sale for $.59, lot of reviews about how broken the game is because of mana, but i dont see it. i recommend this game, was a fun bashing for a few hours, and im lookin forward to bashing for a few more"
76561198075926516,Recommended,269210,21659604,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,fewerbog,This game has very good idea and very good classes as it almost seems like it never gets repative it is like a game that you can put hours into and still not really get bored. I'd rate it 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,269210,21698724,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,KevO:,fun single player game for 59 cents thats about it & realy hard at first too );conscouldent get two player coop to work wth?no online play? well i couldent get it to work also! wtfrench toast & people in chat where rude af lolpause game come back & it crash meow not so awesome ;(
,Not Recommended,269210,21742348,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TehCrust,"I have played this game for a short while with friends and will try to make a concise review. Here it goes...This game reflects a few aspects from Diablo and The Binding of Isaac but without the complexity, skill or even a story which those have. My friends and I have crashed several times, once so badly that I lost all of my Relics; gear which is obtained from boses and the shop, and ceased spawing for me after that point.From what I hear, it's normal to die instantly for no apparent reason. I have also crashed for inexplicable reasons for simply running into an item the incorrect way.The in-game servers are horrid if you're trying to play with close friends. Lobbies decide to appear and re-appear when they feel like. Best to use Hamachi or Port-forward if you know how to do so.The art in this game feels uninspired and the music is decent; it fits the mood but often becomes background noise.The character model will often get buried under followers you obtain from bosess and also enemies, explosions, your own abilites, Allies (whom can push you around until you get flight) and hazards which often kill you in a few hits.The Devs clearly want to cash in with he amount of DLC they create and massive lack of bug fixes. That or their incompetence is to blame for the amount of glitches I have seen.---Stay away from this title unless you're bored or masochistic or want to gift this to an enemy."
,Not Recommended,269210,21889137,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jwilliams1117,Bad bad bad! NOt worth it no matter how cheap. This game uses way too much memory for being a simple top down pixelated dungeon crawler. Do yourself a favor and steer clear.
76561198125987050,Not Recommended,269210,21955958,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ghostpanther,I buy the game on sale for 59 cents it barely works and tries to prevent lag but makes it worse then i send refund end of story this game is the worst i would play it if they fix you know EVERYTHING.
76561198136472665,Not Recommended,269210,22342159,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DiabolicalMidget,whatever you do do not buy this I have tried to play the game  but it glitched and would do nothing so I had to delete my character and so for have had to do this 4 or 5 times. this is getting very iritating :(
,Not Recommended,269210,22362251,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dr Muzzfitzaer,Read the negetive reviews
,Not Recommended,269210,22887118,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,TheDalekMan,Online multyplayers broken to @^$@ unplayible and fails to mention that on the steam store page. Is it ever going to be fully functional? Did i waste my money buying a whole second copy with dlc? Who knows but when you cant revive someone because the revives arent to sync to each computer to the point the person thinks theyve revived you but your still dead and the only way to know is to look at the others persons screen thats where i turn it off. So fix it and i deleate my review. Game is a great game but when im buying it to play on 2 computers i cant endorse something thats broken sorry. IF your buying this for local coop by all means you will have a blast ive played a fair share and 90% of my time isint even recorded but i want the multiplayer to work as does all the people who bought it do im sure...
76561198182078418,Not Recommended,269210,25372850,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Big Meech,"Fun game but easily beatable within 3 hours. If you want to beat the full story, you have to buy a bunch of dlc that's worth more than your initial purchase. The game felt worth it until I realized there are only 4/7 playable acts without buying dlc. Now, if the dlc was $0.99, or included with the total price, I'd have no problem with it."
,Not Recommended,269210,25808216,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,King of the Isopods,"Terribly designed keyboard controls with the buttons seemingly placed randomly on the keyboard (You really need a controller to play), dungeons where if you mess a puzzle up you have to restart the enitre game! and generally buggy characters abilities."
,Not Recommended,269210,25844861,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,HeythereHitman,"Gameplay was good. It was good for mindlessly messing around. However, there were so many bugs that I encountered that the game felt extremely unpolished. One of the bugs actually completely halted my progression because the game would no longer save my progression. Cheap game, cheap experience. You could finish it in about an hour if you wanted. I would recommend it if some of the bugs got cleaned up."
76561197988769806,Not Recommended,269210,26080238,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chris,"Great gameplay.Horrendous menus. Unintuitive. Zero mouse support for menus that go 4 levels deep, having to scroll up and down and left and right through everything item one at a time.pressing 10 buttons to compare, then equip 1 item in the limited time between waves, instead of being able to use a mouse and click once or twice is unforgivable.considering how much time is spent comparing and swapping out loot, it ruins what is otherwise a fun game."
76561198132960300,Recommended,269210,26262335,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LoneWolf,The BEST Twin-Stick Shooter EVER !!!'Nuff said.EDIT (for Steam Awards): STILL the BEST Twin-Stick Shooter EVER !!!
76561197995207174,Recommended,269210,28712605,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Danuab,This is great! I was looking for a mindless shooter.Even the unhappy people have played for 40+ hours... they must have gotten something from it!
,Recommended,269210,28728144,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Party Burger,"Why is everyone hating on this game?I absolutely love it.When i have a problem i ask a mod how to fix it,and then they help me.also its very cheap,so worth my money9/10 game"
,Not Recommended,269210,29024625,Posted: 4 January,all,Rebirth229,This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i payed for that bullcrap registered an account and i couldn't even log in... Changed the password 3 times... couldn't log in the game... Plz fix your game.
,Not Recommended,269210,29099871,Posted: 7 January,all,iUniqu3,"Crap game! Learn to program your stuff! Crossplay not possible I lost all my items when I tried to play on iOS and Mac / Windows. Thanks for a♥♥♥♥♥♥bugged game, you aint deserve your money!"
76561197968536634,Not Recommended,269210,34147856,Posted: 10 August,all,Deftinwolf,"v2.0 UPDATEThis game was completely rebalanced and starting a new character is insanely too grindy now. The difficulty is extreme at low levels (edit: until you get legendary gear from the RNGesus) and every boss is extremely fast and powerful with AOEs that fill up the entire goddamn screen and kill you in 3 hits (which is to say nothing of the new 1-hit kill room attacks added to Act bosses). Because the boss is random each time, you can't learn their patterns or what their moves/attacks are in order to learn from your failure. This wasn't a problem in the old 1.0 game, back when the difficulty was actually fair.In addition, the game is somehow MORE buggy than it used to be. I haven't had any CTD's yet in this version, but my character has gotten stuck on -wide open- sections of the map between walls and trees that should clearly be possible to move through (which I know, because they were in 1.0). I've also gotten stuck on trees themselves multiple times now, forcing me to use my dash move to escape being stuck. I never had any problems getting stuck on the map in 1.0.This game used to be one of my favorites in the genre. I had logged over 30 hours in it and thoroughly enjoyed it. Now it is unplayable. Truly a case of a developer not being able to leave well enough alone, to the point that they changed the core gameplay experience for the worse. Thumbs down now.If this game is reverted to how it used to play, or if selectable difficulty modes are added so that I can play the game balanced the way it USED to be,  I will change my review back to thumbs up.Edit/Update: Okay, so basically they made the game entirely loot-driven now and it just sucks until you get a bunch of legendary items, which thankfully seem to start dropping pretty quick. Once I finally got a legenday bow at lvl 20, followed by a legendary amulet and charm, I was able to mostly breeze through the next 30 (character) levels. I still don't enjoy the way this game was rebalanced so I am leaving my review as is, but for anyone who cares: if you are willing to be extremely patient as you grind out ♥♥♥♥♥♥ deaths over and over, the game does eventually appear to be playable again, at least for a while (presumably until the stage you're on outlevels your gear)."
,Not Recommended,269210,35285872,Posted: 29 September,all,Night Sky,I Always get lost and dont know where to go. There is no minimap you can have on screen as you play.You have to press a button to bring up a map. And when I play I spend more time pressing the map button then playing the game killing things. I will change my review if they every add the minimap back but for now. This game is not really worth your time.
76561198136066754,Recommended,269210,21625627,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,PrawN Physco,Super fun game!!! The combat is extremly fun and addicting. Has a good lvl up system and I love how they combined rpg and rogue elements. This game also has alot of depth too so it can keep you entertained for a long time.
76561197970637038,Recommended,269210,21660442,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Shincke,"There are so many things about this game that do not make sense.  For example, why do coins fall from the sky, and why are boxes filled with blood, and why do rats apparently live in a creepy looking tree?  If you can shrug these things off, I suspect you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,269210,21917617,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Cadillackills,"I would just like to thank PAS for helping me through anxiety and just hitting a nerve that is primal. Crack, nah. Heroine, s'aight. I have dreamt about this like it was Tetris. I have related this game to things in my life that really matter.All that aside....This is my favorite game of all time. It has so many subtle touches, when I play it I think I know what the heck is going on, trying to make sense out of the creative team of this game. I watched those guys live stream while they were tweaking some of the overall stats of the game. Just numbers to some but actually honing math to emulate other games. Not a copy, they capture the flow of some of the best out there. Diablo, Isaac, touch of Zelda. I don't know, delightful.There are some bad things. No story, repetitive, not the flashiest. Blah, blah. Who cares?If you feel like a great experience, buy this game.Side note, they ufcked us on the iOs version. It could be great, but the lack of updates, full abandonment of the product, and half-assing the MFi controls, which carried over from previous pc versions (I've spent more time trying to get this game to read a controller on my mac (pc even seems to glitch sometimes, probably my fault. Anyways it'd be nice to hear some accountability from somewhere.Anyways, its great. Deuces...[EDIT]: Support of ultra-wide resolution, perfect frame rate. Maybe just my set up, but visuals are incredible."
76561198102731624,Recommended,269210,21976766,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,._.,K
,Not Recommended,269210,20738950,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,InevitableCheese,"Great art, great execution, but servers are constantly hacked, the new mana update sucks, and playing online is just a pain. I really really love the style and gameplay here, but recent development choices have killed any interest I had in playing this game long term. A shame."
,Not Recommended,269210,21613140,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Toby,it is so bad dont get :(
,Not Recommended,269210,21613729,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ticeticebaby,"The game is buggy and the controls suck.Both of which are kinda crappy, but somewhat forgivable.What's not forgivable is the fact that, after you BUY the game, you still have to unlock nearly half of the playable characters with ACTUAL MONEY.This is inexcusable and the developers should be ashamed."
,Recommended,269210,21642969,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jippy@aol.com,"This game is lots of fun. I don't own any of the DLC, and I'm nowhere near finishing. It's tons of fun and great to play with friends. IF YOU CAN CONNECT. The server system is crap. You can't refresh the list, and sometimes servers just won't be there. Just today one of my friends and I spent 15 minutes: launching servers, relaunching the game, logging in and out of the system, relaunching servers and getting nowhere. If the servers were through Steam, it'd be much better, but it's all run through the company that owns the game. You can't invite people through Steam, or join. This makes it impossible to find them sometimes. Other than that, the game is great. Great little way to mix an item system like Isaac's and the theme of Diablo. It's great fun alone and tons of fun with friends, if you can find them."
,Not Recommended,269210,21721743,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SUPER DUPER KILL,"Cons:Literally repetative, do the same thing over and over.Waiting forever for mana to go back up so you can cast an ability.Need to beat the game to  go up a difficulty.Loot is useless.Lose ALL relics upon death which all classes rely on to do good late game.Only one boss was fun and challenging to do.Port forwardingPros:Bought a 4 pack for 1$ when it was on sale.If you have a short attention span this game is for you. For 5 minutes."
,Recommended,269210,21764361,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,LGLabyrinth,"lets face it; we bought Hero Seige because we couldnt afford to buy its long-lost cousin,who just so happened to be a world-class ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ named Binding of Isaac: Rebirthseriously thoughthis game is amazeballs, but it's even better when:you bought the game after it started getting slaughtered with negative reviewsyou (as a salt-free veteran) don't mind about the deleted saves and see it as a challenge to rise up to the top againyou already have a grasp of top-down roguelike shooters (no doubt similar to Binding of Isaac)you bring a friend along for the ride; whether it's on a couch, online, or with random people doesn't matterthe only thing i wanna be a 500% incoherently angry spherical form of bjtchtrippin nutsocks is that every area past Act 4 comes in the form of DLCi meani can understand if extra content such as hats and characters are unlocked through purchasebut, seriously? acts you have to pay for to lurk in?thats like when you get to World 3 in some Mario game, but World 4 needs you to pay up 200 Coinsit's almost like paying for a game from a free tech demo beta, which isn't even free in the first placeand that kinda bums out the undying Ebenezer Scrooge in metl:dr 99% good game but DLC Acts are as stupid of a concept as overmilked Vine trendsand youd better believe that rating i slapped on,because its the same one put on every single liquid soap can ive ever had to buyjust like the dlc im about to blow my lemonade stand grabs on, brb"
,Not Recommended,269210,21912009,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,lostoneimap,"Its a fun masher type deal with elements from my favorite games here and there, however, the Devs perfer to make a crap ton of new content thats super buggy (or revert from failed content) rathe then fix what they already have including huge bugs that hurt the multiplayer games drastically. i still would buy the game but, if the devs dont fix the problems they already have it may end up a game id rather not have bought."
,Not Recommended,269210,21921548,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Daredevil,"EDIT: The developer seems to have fixed the worst of it. The game still kicks my friends to their desktop intermittendly (whitout the game actually crashing however) and it sometimes crashes if you want to quit it. Overall I would only consider a purchase on sale, as it can deliver on a hour of fun or so with friends.Don't buy this for the coop. It crashes literally every single time in the first 10 minutes of play."
76561197966741289,Not Recommended,269210,22301224,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ToTaKo (dedo),"Great, they downgraded the game, gj developers!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,269210,22923094,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Schlama,"I know what you're thinking. Oh hey, this game's pretty ♥♥♥♥en cheap, I'm gonna buy it and play with my friends. WELL YOU'RE ♥♥♥♥EN WRONG.  I bought this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game for my friends and I to play, I even bought the goddam Amazon DLC, because she looked pretty cool, before I even got to test the game out. So my friends and I decided to play together in a server via port foward. Well, it didn't work. Upon joining the multiplayer, which you have to register for, I got an error saying that I am unable to join the chat server, thus not allowing me to join any other player's servers; and no, I did not port foward wrong, nothing ♥♥♥♥en worked. This game company basically ditched this game and have had the same problems with their multiplayer for over 2 years, it's been in beta for 2 years, and it still sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ So if you're thinking about buying this game to play with your friends, prepare to be dissapointed and end up playing all by your ♥♥♥♥en lonesome self.TL;DR Don't buy this game, it sucks and it won't work unless you want to play by yourself, like a loser."
,Not Recommended,269210,29335538,Posted: 18 January,all,Kritik Hit,Game won't work anymore and the publisher doesn't do a thing about it.
,Not Recommended,269210,30326562,Posted: 4 March,all,Dr Dicram,"Played once a few months back and once today. Despite the updates, the game is still incredibly poorly blanced."
76561198043835025,Recommended,269210,35259581,Posted: 28 September,all,TheRealTitty,awesome game. recommend it for all players
,Not Recommended,269210,12611080,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Mike,CODED WITH THE FEET
,Recommended,269210,12385202,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,as salty as me pops pool,You can be a redneck and throw tyres.Why wouldn't a human being buy this game?
76561198040030741,Recommended,269210,17162539,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,horheristo,"This isn't some kind of a hardcore game, it can get overwhelming if played recklessly, but overall all situations are managable.I can't recommend enough playing this with someone you know, otherwise expect a very grindy experience, especially if you aim to 100% it."
76561198044821926,Not Recommended,269210,14613548,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,bArmAtulyA (UKR),"FAIL!Do you think this is funny? I have not played the game 2 weeks , I go , knocks "" Loading a saved "" and all the slots are empty heroes !in your wallet all 100 crystals , and there is absolutely nothing !Do YOU REALLY THINK that after such a want to buy premium supplements , extended version? Never!"
,Recommended,269210,12760024,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Cheerilee,i love this game and it is really well done id have say did a good job on the art of game i love pixe games and this one is one of best seen for indea game by far lol be side starBOUND
,Recommended,269210,20270498,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,wampXs,"The Game is fun, but it has many flaws. First of all, the combination of genres is really cool. It's basically a Beat'em Up + RPG + Rogue-Lite, it definitely has many inspirations from The Binding of Isaac (it even borrows ideas like the bible makes you fly"", ""Book of Belilal, gives you DMG"", and others, plus the way you attack.).Now, when it reaches a certain point, with a certain combination of items, i became a lawnmower with my Viking, destroying multiple waves of monsters in high difficulties alone, with ease.Now, i'll let the flaws come in. Trying to play with friends is a nightmare. You can either port-foward or use Hamachl, but the game constantly crashes, bugs you back to the lobby, many funky stuff that annoys.In a server, you can exit in you don't lose any of your items, so the game is kinda broken there.The sound effects are nice, but most of the voice acting is really unprofessional and distracting, like that Stickman active item that is really weird and badly dubbed.Bosses are ridiculous easy at the beginning, at the point of enemies having equal or more HP than them, and later on bosses have a weird difficulty spike. (Hp barely changes between Normal and Nightmare, there was another one that jumped to Hell where Anubis had like, 500k hp, then on Hell he had 2 or more Million hp.)There is a ridiculously frustrating puzzle in a dungeon where you have to place many crates over buttons (including a line of buttons, it probably sparkles the memories of whoeved did it), where if you don't have any flight it will be a nightmare, the crates get stuck in corners, and any slight touch can move them, so you gotta restart it a lot and it bugged me a ton.And one of the biggest problems are the DLCs. Pratically half of the game content is locked behind DLCs, which are more expensive than the game itself. So yeah, if you're not into grinding through the same levels over and over with increasing difficulty, ready your wallet.Now, is the game worth it? Well, yeah! I had fun with it playing solo, it's satisfying to cut my way through enemies, it has cool mechanics and creative concepts, they only need to improve the game a bit to make it golden (looking at you, servers!)."
,Not Recommended,269210,12750251,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,^Polar^_^,Unfair.Edit:Ho do you introduce a game breaking bug into every one of your updates? ....
,Recommended,269210,25108717,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SM00THIE | csgobig.com,I found an SOJ.oh the memberberries
,Recommended,269210,15695401,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"You are going to die, you are going to be resurrected, and then you are going to die some more. Keep your stats, get stronger and re-attempt the dungeon. This game will drive you crazy, but it is that fun kind of crazy that will make you go back for a bigger beatting. Controls are simple and smooth, plays a lot like an early Zelda game. Think SNES Zelda. Lots of different character classes, i started with the nomad.The dungeon seems to be randomized, every time you die you begin in a new location with different items. It makes for a sense of suspense especially when you are starting out and don't exactly know what to expect. Boxes and plants can be destroyed for items. Health however is scarce. You can play a few quick runs or a few hours, it is up to you. This game is easy to pick up and put down at any time. No need to remember where you left off.If you want a game with a huge amount of replay value, this is for you."
,Not Recommended,269210,13952551,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Alth,"ERROR OCCURRED!Message: Email verification failed. Invalid account id or email id.Email Not VerifiedIncorrect password or usernameReturn to login pageetc etc forever because multiplayer registration is completly broken. The first account I made they sent me a confirmation email that didnt work, the 2nd account they didnt even send me an email. But hey I got a ten cent card for trying to make this crap work."
,Recommended,269210,17696777,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Interritus,"Hero Siege; this game is simply amazing. It's a rogue-like, hack 'n' slash, RPG. Has the feeling of Binding of Isaac and the feeling of Diablo. You fight wave after wave of monsters leveling up abilities and picking up items in order to further your progression into the game. Beware that the farther you get into the game the more grinding you're going to need to do in order to progress.Pros- Tons of Different Classes to Choose From- Smooth Gameplay with Great Controls- Pixelated Game with a Great RPG FeelingCons- The DLC is a little bit on the pricey side (especially if you bought this game when it was on sale)Final Verdict;10/10"
,Recommended,269210,21580001,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Omni,"Very fun game, exactly what I was looking forCons:- DLC blocks some of the game- a couple of annoying glitches (which the devs appear to be trying to fix)Pros:- Everything elseIgnore the top rated negative reviews, this game is fun."
,Recommended,269210,20246332,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Exhume,"its a good local co-op game, i found alot of glitches and bugs and i been able to bhop and kite almost all mobs"
,Recommended,269210,20336142,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ElectricRouge,Good Game!
,Recommended,269210,20147734,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ntinos K.,"one of my favorites , and i believe one of the best bullet hell games on steam"
76561197993236460,Not Recommended,269210,31961808,Posted: 25 May,all,Food and such,it's just super buggy - coulda been fun and simple but it's terribly made
,Recommended,269210,18980241,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hydro6,"Very addicting game. Sort of similar to the Binding of Isaac, but with more terrifying creatures. 10/10"
,Recommended,269210,18921823,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Adenosine,Optimization could be better. Game slows down considerably when there are large hordes of enemies or there are too many effects on screen.
,Recommended,269210,19114127,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dhaos,Game is good. It has ridiculous amount of potential. Devs need to hire more people because they're going to burn out from overworking.
,Recommended,269210,23201822,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,AHKS mikroweller,"If you want something to play that'll pass the time or crave a game with the classic RPG feeling to it, then Hero Siege is the perfect game for you. It's, in my opinion, a fantastic little gem of a game. Gameplay wise it feels as though the developer stuffed Diablo’s more reserved brother into a blender with The Binding of Issac, and added in a pinch of Killing Floor for good measure. In more sensible terms, it’s got a great number of rogue-like and RPG elements to it. There are a number of different levels, ranging from forests to snowy tundras, deserts and many more. At the end of each of these levels you can collect random pieces of loot, or relics as they’re called, which grant you varying stats and abilities. These relics come in four different flavours; weapon enhancing ones, which, as the name suggests, enhances your weapon giving it extra powers. For example an item called the Basilisk's Tooth makes it so that you have a 2% chance to turn enemies to stone. There are also passive relics as well, which improve your character’s skills. One example is the Cactus, which periodically spawns a cactus on the nearest enemy. The third relic type is active, which, after pressing the use key, will activate the effect of the relic. The Candy Crusher, one example of an active relic, launches candy in a ring around the player that explodes on landing. And the last relic type is orbiting, which float around the player and help during fights. One example is the Almighty Fedora which rapidly shoots projectiles.All these and many more can be obtained by progressing through the game, and surviving the large waves of enemies the game throws at you.Talking about enemies, there are a large number of different types. Ranging from axe throwing skeletons to towering yeti-like beasts. Also there are several “elite” type enemies that have particular skills that happen once they die. For example creating a large laser that spins in a circle or an X shaped explosion, which both appear where the “elite” was slain.There are also a number of RPG elements in the game too. For one, there are unique skill trees for each class, providing varying passive and active abilities, depending on which class you choose out of the possible seven, or ten (depending on whether you own the DLC). They also all have their own sort of personalities and quotes as well.Graphically the game looks a lot like your typical indie, rogue-like affair. But it fits nicely. The characters are easily distinguishable from each other and the varying levels all look pixel pretty with their individual themes and settings.Overall the game feels enjoyable to play. The classes and their skills vary enough for the game to be replayed time and time again. Not to mention the seemingly endless number of experience levels you can rack up on a single class. The enemies vary in difficultly, depending on the level, and the boss battles, for the most part, feel fairly satisfying once they eventually kick the bucket.To Conclude, I’d say that Hero Siege is worth a play, whether it’s a rogue-like or an RPG you're after, or just a quick bit of fun. It’s a satisfying game to play and well worth a go."
76561198076190171,Not Recommended,269210,24767840,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Tuci,"From the moment I bought this game, I knew something wasn't right. I kept playing, of course, new content was brought to the game every now and then. Even after my save file went missing. Hell, even after I heard the could-be-nicer-on-your-ears voice overs. I did. Well one day, I downloaded it again and my nightmares began.My laptop legit froze while I was playing. It got stuck on that screen for some hours. I gave up and hard resetted it. The catch was that it never worked again. ""the hard drive is corrupted"" is what it said. It took months for me to get over the fact that Hero siege actually screwed my life, my job, my relationships. It's tough, man.10/100, could work - Random indie game convention.10/10, actually played a lot. - No one ever"
76561198036696805,Recommended,269210,9196140,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,AldhisslaTroll,"This game is very addicting, and if you like the rogue-like style games, and don't mind perma-death, it's a great game! It is an addictive game, and worth the money. It has had issues in the past, but the developer is good with the updates. It's changed a LOT over time, and it's still changing, and it's all for the better! :) The classes make for extremely varied gameplay, which gives tons of replay value.Overall, definitely worth the money!"
76561198045555879,Recommended,269210,9094305,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,mrpokealot3,I cant stop playing this game. No seriously i bought it like 34 hours ago and have logged over 15 hours or straight game time! HELP! SEND FOOD AND WATER! So addicitng speaking of which i have to go do another run I took too much time off to write this.
,Not Recommended,269210,23509434,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,a depressed middle aged man,controls are the same as if trying to control a sassy black women from hitting her son
,Not Recommended,269210,9151277,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Trent Gear,Roguelike with abusive expectations of your reaction speed (<0.5s) and little to no learning possible with enemy actions. Avoid at all costs.
76561198059719951,Not Recommended,269210,25537662,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DruidaNegão,"Played this game ALOT and the only problem i got with it is that Damage Over Time Effects ARE OP, you can instantly DIE because u got hit by some bosses attacks that deal DoT and traps need some serious rework, there are spike floors, but even with FLIGHT, you get killed by those. AND THE LIMIT OF RELICS IS STUPID, TAKED AWAY ALL THE FUN OF HAVING THOSE OP BUILDS, And now u just get some coins for killing bosses, so dumb"
76561198066362482,Not Recommended,269210,32241698,Posted: 7 June,all,Snootchie Bootchies,Another better use the internet to figure out game. Basically you read online and have other people tell you what the game should. Walk on the blue skulls you've gotta be ♥♥♥♥in dry jackin me with sandpaper. Act2/7 giving a level I can't see the pick ups and the most arbitrary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t boss right at the end of it.I'm playing til the end but so far it's $1.50 of irritating
,Recommended,269210,16500181,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,KIDJourney.Me,I am lucky to play the game .But I am not lucky enough to go through the game .Game of luck 10/10
,Recommended,269210,17427095,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,JasonWolfy,The only game i know that makes rednecks look badass
76561198185292811,Recommended,269210,22481513,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,JustinBiebero,"Actually my first brother is playing with an axe, but when I found it is melee classes, but also blame to hit trap, kite then decisively decided to play a remote professional, melee career really is quite a bad, some of the underground city switch, remote straight industry far attack switch, melee adventure through a pile of trap career have to turn on the switch, then the risk tableland way back...orzL etc.Level 2 will give players a skill point and 1 style skill pointsThe storeShop points per 500 pieces of 1 point (not including skill points), incidentally merbromin with wave number is more and more expensive.checkpointThere are four large mapThe forestThe snowrailwayThe desertEach level of about 30 ~ 42 (I used 72 wave is put in the snow to 60 portal wave railway uncertainty is a BUG or...?)6 close to play a king, the king of defeat will appear after portal, transmit the door will have the same props or six treasure box (please remember to take... just play silly Sometimes forget to pick up items directly and through the door into the)Tip:Play the king remember to pick up the money map after clean, have a dungeon or entrance went in prison The two is the assurance of props, props to ability bonus is very big Make you feel ability point wrong doesn't really matter...Sometimes add a 100 points to you...Personal feel force depends on the number of props for the player and props for number depends on the player's viability."
76561198134285312,Not Recommended,269210,35090557,Posted: 20 September,all,Lemoney,"as father as son, as Diablo III as Hero Siege , you need to get the dlc to play the full game....."
,Not Recommended,269210,22886704,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Official Gaming Grandpa,In all my years of living on this planet i have never been so unhappy or so uncomfortable than when i was playing this game
,Recommended,269210,21592929,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Karch,Its basically what happens when you mix Diablo with Binding of Isiac and throw in a bit of Darksouls for good measure depending on your mode.
76561198116738313,Recommended,269210,21578734,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,crazy-eastern,its very goood  and enjoyable :) try it
76561197980930702,Recommended,269210,22887946,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,✠STAHLHELM✠-GER,online multiplayer !!!!
,Recommended,269210,28453870,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Zanky,pretty good
,Not Recommended,269210,21818807,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,IronHammock,"They should have left the game as it was when they first released it, and worked on that.Instead they brought out DLC's they didn't need. And revamped systems which weren't broke.Get your core game working before you charge money for extensions to the core game.Then the dev's. Oh man the developers. Always crying about the trolls.Oh boohoo people are being mean to me in a public forum wah wah.Shutup and suck it up. You made a game. You released it on Steam.Let me teach you a new tactic to make your online life a little easier.Ignore it! Wow!This game WAS great, and could have been amazing."
,Not Recommended,269210,32043046,Posted: 29 May,all,Phantom,"Hard to understand, hard to play, hard to have fun.I wouldn't play this game even if it were free, they would have to pay me for it."
,Recommended,269210,19870864,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Czukasz,Diablo 2 Pixel Mode activated...
76561198119787988,Not Recommended,269210,29478118,Posted: 25 January,all,Kani_Mu,Can't run on macOS Sierra!!!!!!
76561198062748520,Recommended,269210,21007686,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,La fuente will carry you,1000/10
,Recommended,269210,20957359,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Temojikato,"I don't care what people say, after Isaac this is the best similar game imo. Maybe calling it that is a little premature, but at least I'm enjoying it. It's hella fun to co-op too, unlike Isaac's co-op feature.Hadn't played this in a while, but I started again today and will keep playing it now probably, the updates made it a much more stable and working game."
,Recommended,269210,20510908,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Merdball,"Short versionThis is a wonderful quick-fix for Diablo 2 fans, and for the money you'll get a solid deal.  Don't expect an incredibly deep game or story, and don't expect something truly amazing - this won't be a game you keep coming back to years later.  But for what it is, it's a fair deal and it's definitely worth the price.Pros:- Local co-op, always a big plus in my book.- Random loot, random levels, and lots of difficulty options after you ""win"", offering a fair bit of replayability.- The first two DLCs added enough fun that I don't consider them a waste of money (this is rare in my book).- There are a lot of interesting classes out of the box even if you don't bother with DLCs.- You can reset skills, but the cost is high enough to make you have to think about it.Cons:- The loot system feels all wrong to me - by level 50 I'm still finding that my level 20 gear is better than anything I've found since.  I expected something more like Diablo 2 or Borderlands where a white level 50 is far beyond any level 20 item.  It seems like loot level has very little to do with loot quality, which makes the item hunt boring fast.- Does gold ever matter?  I thought D2's gold system was broken....- The game becomes a grind very quickly - I'm not sure I'll bother playing anymore, though I do want to know if loot ever catches up with my level.- There are a variety of annoying bugs, like loot dropping in places you can't reach.  If loot mattered more, this could be tragic.- The game is incredibly non-intuitive.  You really have to work to learn how to play.- There's effectively no story to speak of.- Many skill synergies feel forced and/or meaningless.- Manyskillsfeel forced and/or meaningless."
,Not Recommended,269210,23211723,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,asdfMeats,Waste of time and money. Too bad...
,Not Recommended,269210,32754265,Posted: 24 June,all,Endmost,"Bought this for me and my daughter to play together, and the multiplayer doesn't work at all. The official server is laggy on the joining player(not the host's) end no matter who is the host. Doesn't work with hamachi. Ports forwarded, firewall exceptions added, and P2P will not work. I'm not new to doing port forwarding and such but it just won't work. The worst part is if you look for solutions online all you see is the dev on steam going LOL MUST BE ON YOUR END when many people have complained about the same thing. Don't buy this if you want to play it with a friend specifically. Thank god both copies only cost me 1.60 because the game is literally worthless."
,Not Recommended,269210,30660600,Posted: 21 March,all,Murkie csgoroll.com,"Great game, but it's too buggy and the terrible servers are the reasons I have stopped playing.Just get Diablo"
76561198110959108,Recommended,269210,12906821,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Octopus Prime,I was killed by a volcano of exploding hot dogs.
,Not Recommended,269210,12286608,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Faceplant,"Do NOT buy this game.- The animation for when a box breaks is simply the same animation as when a enemy dies.- The gameplay never advances and is just mind-numbingly dull.- The voice acting seems to be recorded by a potato, with a potato.Im nog even sure i would play a free version of this game, it is just THAT boring.Spend your money on something else."
76561198204588823,Recommended,269210,20164149,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[TJZ] Alice,Its a amazing game! The online part isnt fonamanal In my opinion but you can use hamachi and etc. Theres DLC but that is awesome too! Its great to play with friends! Go get it! When i got it! It was on sale to 89 CENTS! 89 FREAKING CENTS!!!!! THATS BEAAAAAST!!!!!!!Anyways! WAHT ARR YA WAITIN FOR GET HERO SIEGE NOW!!!!!
76561198026299729,Recommended,269210,20456787,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shhh No More Tears,"TL;DR Rating:[3/5]  ""Fun but Flawed""-Buy when it goes on saleSo, this game is a Twin-Stick-Shooter that is basically a mash up of Diablo and The Binding of Isaac. It has the persistence of gear you equip that is permanent between deaths, and the rogue-likeness of relics that you collect that add effects or massive stat increases and randomized potions that act on your current run ONLY.Graphics: Solid, vibrant sprites, pretty much what you would expect of it.Sound: OK, the voice-overs are amatuer and the BG music is bland and repetitive, but the sound effects are decent.Controls: Responsive and intuitive, good controller support, but some controler functions overlap in menusDLC Content: Unfortunately, half of the game is locked behind ""DLC"" including later acts and classes. If you are on the fence, buy the base game and try it before you buy the rest.Gameplay: ....Ok here is where things get dicey. I really want to love this game more but....The bugs.... god the bugs... This is a game that has (had?) so much potential but I feel like the enourmous list of unfixed bugs is really holding it back. Many have pointed out that the devs have almost abandoned this game, and it is kinda true. They do still fix things here and there but the backlog of documented bugs is astounding. Some you can exploit to power up, some exploit YOU and ruin your run. This is not an early access game, but if you buy it expect all the things that you would expect of an early access game. Its pretty buggy.Class balance is pretty... unbalanced. It becomes clear very quickly which classes are god-like and which are terrible. That doesnt mean they are un-playable, but dont expect to be on equal footing in the higher difficulties.Multiplayer is one of the main draws of this game, but you will need to port forward to host, and the dedicated servers are restricted to Europe. On top of that, the multiplayer server hub system seems to crash often, and player hosted games can also crash for no appearant reason.Items (relics) are somewhat bland, many are blatent clones of The Binding of Isaac items, some are utterly trash, and some really dont make any sense functionally or thematically.NOW DESPITE ALL THAT... I still like this game. This is a nice little loot-grind shoot-em-up and its fun to play with friends or randoms, you get to feel pretty powerful and awesome when you start getting gear and mowing down dozens of enemies at the same time and there are hella explosions and huge damage numbers. It is definitely fun, but at the normal price it is probably not worth it. It has too many bugs and not enough dev support to warrent a full price purchase. If you like the genre, then buy when and if it goes on sale again."
,Recommended,269210,20206959,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mathyno (The game breaker),I diedre starteddied again10/10 would die again
,Recommended,269210,20440495,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Divorced,"Great game with aspects from both Binding of Isaac and the Diablo series. Easiest way to kill time playing and something to really get into. Yeah there are a ton of bugs, but with the patches being released most of them are being fixed.Very farm heavy if you aren't very good at the game for relics. Solid 4/5 only because trying to find a game with multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥♥,  but once that's fixed 5/5. 6/5 with rice. For only .89 cents when I purchased it, there is really no reason not to buy it and try it."
76561198096289514,Recommended,269210,16499957,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jequonilus,Love the game it is very simple but really enjoyable especially since you have so many classes to choose from
76561198261795972,Not Recommended,269210,34188415,Posted: 12 August,all,LemmeSmash,"I sold some tf2 items and cried , bought keys sold on the market got over 6 euro bought this game and cried even more and now it's on ♥♥♥♥ing sale for 50 cents ."
,Recommended,269210,24992360,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,沼跃魚,其实今天之前。我还是一直刷刷刷的。。然后，版本更新，出来了个开箱子。原来我屯了一辈子的钱，准备买个赛亚人的头，结果跟我说，钱兑换钻石取消了。。拜托啊，刷钻石，就算刷一天虫洞估计也就1k。。10w的东西，我刷个卵子啊.心灰意冷的情况下，我用我一辈子的4K钻石开始抽奖。。结果抽到了个加2000Blood Surge的装备。你们没看错，是2000，不是200，更不是20，在那之前，我最好的装备也 才加 30+技能等级啊，然后，我就从一个虫洞只能打十几层的，变成了一个秒天秒地秒空气的汉子，奥，对了。这是在单机模式下抽到的，如果是联网 的，呵呵，排行榜第一简直是个笑话了。说到联网，全是BUG，更新补偿的10K钻石，抽奖出来的装备，下线就消失。。妈的，我的钻石，遗物什么的，也会莫名其妙的消失，其实蛮佩服虫洞和巅峰等级排行榜上的人的。这样也能上，要知道，一个好装备，一堆好遗物消失给人的打击有多少，哎。
,Recommended,269210,20933812,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Nobuhito Takenaka,A delightful if a bit simplistic retro RPG that’s best enjoyed with a friend
,Recommended,269210,20942723,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,PsychoticPanda,Amazingly fun small twinstick shooter.
,Not Recommended,269210,20933314,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ConcordApe,"Was fun once, ONCE, then mana became a thing aaaaaaaannnnddd it's gone. It's becoming too much like Diablo 3 just pixelated, if I wanted to play D3 I'll play D3 but not a cheap knockoff"
,Not Recommended,269210,18884245,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[TLA] Ben G,"Can't recommend this title. Here's why:-They put it up on sale. Really nice one too, -75% off I think!-Bought two copies to coop.-Loved it.-Recent update.-Game mechanics have changed drastically (from having no mana and being a ""shooter"" to requiring mana)-All items disappeared!"
76561198103161919,Recommended,269210,24284194,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,bsvtt,"Best game I ever bought! If you like Diablo, World of Warcraft, and indie-games you will love this one!"
,Recommended,269210,17527490,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Friedrich BeÀndthelm III.,12 Dollars.2 Minutes of Fun.10/10Bush did 9/11
,Recommended,269210,24504269,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Intewesting Pway,Typical hack&slash but combined with MMO-ish leveling and abilities.- no tutorial so configure it yourself what to do and smth else
,Not Recommended,269210,25351404,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Benedylberd,"Enjoyable game, but... DLC. 90% of content is for dlc players. Game still have a lot of bugs and unbalanced things, but when u play with friends is k. Worth this 1euro on sale."
,Not Recommended,269210,25433912,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,YubYub,"Rebind keys, start game, instantly realise key rebind hasn't taken for everything in game. game clearly not finished."
76561198127684214,Recommended,269210,18719343,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Psychotic Panda,"Would like to say that I enjoyed this game a lot. But the recent patch has let me down? what is with the health and mana bar? not only is it distracting I have also lost my current artifacts I have collected and when you think that was the worst of it, it's not. I pick up items not getting a choice to pick up/discard by comparing the stats. It just puts it into my inventory which I really have no use for. I would much rather look see if it's better then discard then pick it up and having no idea how to check my inventory. This was one of my favorite games to pass time by but it's now ruined. Please change it back, there was nothing wrong with how it was before.None the less I still enjoy the game, just not as much as I did before latest patch."
76561198090684919,Recommended,269210,18940912,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,infernape999,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off so much. When you die you loose all your relics (items which give you awesome buffs and other cool things). Apart from that the game is really fun.10/10
,Recommended,269210,24518466,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Dev Kev,"very fun game with lots of options for customisation  and character choice, plus very fun to play"
,Recommended,269210,25266544,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"Get a group going, bang straight into this game. It's cheap. it'd chearful, it's darn right carnage. Gear system is messed up, soon as you get a rare/epic you become godmode. So, much, fun."
76561198003144140,Not Recommended,269210,32481428,Posted: 16 June,all,Kangoo13 #Botmon,Bugs everywhere online. ♥♥♥♥ it
,Recommended,269210,18804963,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mxmlln,"Very cool game that reminds me of Smash TV, the visual style is retro pixel inspired.Kind of like a roguelike, if you die you loose your special powers or whatever. Good fun and lots of replay value"
76561198166252558,Recommended,269210,22765226,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,chrispaltridge,fun game
,Recommended,269210,22892402,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Fathering,I would get this game if you want a time passer. Its a fun solo game but playing with friends makes it 10x better.
76561198017182331,Recommended,269210,19015992,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,EZPZ Suck My Weenie,"For it's price it is the best game I played in ages.. Literly is a drug when u get the hang of it. Only negative points I could tell is that the balance between classes is diffrent. I played fallen paladin wich dies alot. Though later levels and being equal to samurai who i beated 4 maps on 1 st playtrough with. He managed to seem more bulky and more easy to handle than before.  so now i have a lv 15 paladin and a lv 14 samurai , Samurai seems op , still not sure if paladin might balance back in later levels."
,Recommended,269210,22581297,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Puinguin,"More arcadish Diablo 2. it doesnt show that ive played this alot but trust me i have, i just do so offline a ton, anyways tho, it takes me back to the old days of diablo 2. I heard alot of complaints of how it changed from what it was originally which was more of a roguelike Isaac type game, tho personally i have no problem with that scince there are already tons of those and not alot of gud ol fationed Diablo 2 style games. It scratched an itch for me and took me down memory lane. Ill be playing alot more of this and i reccomend you do too"
,Recommended,269210,21716665,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Hangman,"Picked this game up on a Steamsale for less than a Euro. Didnt expect much for that price. But this game really impressed me, its a fun game and becomes kind of addicting, its fun grinding levels and gear alone or with friends. Game has alot of content so its a game you can play for quiet some time.However the multiplayer still has some desync Problems but since multiplayer is still in Beta and the game is being developed by an Indie Studio, I guess thats alright to deal with. Also from what I have seen the devs are active in the game chat and seem to keep fixing/improving stuff :)Bought DLCs because I wanted to support the developers and cant wait to see the additional levels. (havent tested them yet).Thats it, thanks for reading"
,Recommended,269210,21610181,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Vivastar,"Great little game, worth it if its on sale :)"
,Recommended,269210,21613078,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,N A N I ?,"Game updated, no more mana problems, skills work nicely but the over priced dlcs and multiplayer server lags continue ... would play again when devs update the multiplayer servers and port forward tutorial."
,Recommended,269210,21651677,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,✪ JAHBAA,m oi
76561198071421958,Recommended,269210,25065179,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,eternal jape,"Sigh... how can I give a negative review for this? I've played it for 3 years ever since it first launched, as a horrible mobile-game-like hack and slash. Now... uhh. I don't know how I feel about the mana update, but otherwise, it's amazing."
76561198065173913,Not Recommended,269210,25815973,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tacozilla,"I played this game for a short time and I found too many annoying factors that I don't think I'll play it again.1. Had about 5 random crashes in less than 30min (after the 5th I decided that the game was not worth playing)2. No tutorial and terrible default controls3. Unplayable with a mouse (Might be slightly better with gamepad)4. DLC costs more than the game,5. The game settings are extremely limited.I might be too quick to judge this game but there were too many annoyances that presented itself in the first few minutes that I would not want to pick this up again."
,Recommended,269210,21613024,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GrayScale,"I just bought the game and have played a decent amount of time and in all fairness it's a wonderful game. The ram required is no joke for how many projectiles and effects can be going at once, which makes the game look amazing. The controls are a little hard to manage with but you'd get used to them quickly, other than the space and enter key switching from time to time. The bosses are really cool and strong if you're not prepared so this makes things challenging. The voices and dialog from the characters are amazing. (The Necromancer just sound amazing and dark) The game has quite simple to grasp gameplay and directions on how to do some things such as unlocking golden chests. A lot of really cool enemies are in the game. And to top it off there are tons of really amazing skills In the end I'd give this game a 9/10 because of the lag that can occur from massive particle amounts but other than that the game is awesome espicially since it's got multiplayer, just think of a top down COD 2 Zombies with fantasy elements. Enjoy the game and thank you to the developers for making this game."
,Recommended,269210,21614321,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Geist,This game is wonderful despite all the negative reviews just because the devs changed the game drastically its so good that i played 10 hours straight its diablo and binding in 1 game with its own touch just wish the multiplayer worked proper
76561198148713275,Not Recommended,269210,29351819,Posted: 19 January,all,DireWolf,Never reivewed a game because I normally get games which are normal or really good. This was neither dont waste your down load not my kinda game at all control set up make no sence music is horid so just no from me.
,Not Recommended,269210,30391024,Posted: 8 March,all,Homuya [GER],"So I played this half a year ago and the MP felt unresponsive.Now its ♥♥♥♥ing hell.Me and my friend play and it went on like this:>I got the visual sphinx bug that blocks the view when he hosted so I had to ( 1 restart)>starts together too high difficulty by accident two times ( 2 restart)>start again but he spawned outside of the map (another restart)>new start he cant see me but I can see him but no items I got, got saved. Another restart (another restart)>he has the visual sphinx bug again (another restart)>he rejoins and for me he is a viking while he has the icon on the necromancer (new restart)>we play and for him there are no monsters but for me and for me he died tho but not for him (another restart)Yeah the list basically goes on and it even crashed WTF is this trash?Yeah, good pre-alpha demo I guess?"
76561198035693047,Recommended,269210,20714337,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ToxicGent,"Love it. Fun but I the interesting characters are mostly locked into dlc, not sure if I support that much dlc for this type of game. Worth playing."
,Recommended,269210,21588394,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Semag | FR,"Needs polishing on many points (controls, multiplayer, bugs, etc) but already much fun !Still recommending it !"
,Recommended,269210,21589736,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Backfat Jenkins,I bought this game for .59 cents during a recent Steam sale. I put in over an hour on it and lost track of time. Its very fun and challenging and the graphics are quirky and fitting.
,Not Recommended,269210,21922673,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,YamaKasin,"It's like The Realm of the Mad God had sex with Diablo, but the child was so ugly and unlovable that they decided to lock it up in the basement. Yet somehow this bug-ridden little s**t crawled out and saw the light of the day.EDIT: After playing a local co-op game, I'd give it a neutral rating. It's much better than played alone. But still, the repetitiveness, illogical difficulty curve (hardest at the beggining, paradoxically becomes too easy on higher difficulty levels with bosses dying in a blink of an eye), poor graphics and bugs are too much to give it a positive review."
,Recommended,269210,24286595,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ahoa,Binding of Isaac + Diablo - simply good
,Recommended,269210,24302550,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Recommended,269210,11249436,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"this is my 2nd revision and my final review:STOP! the dev team who made this game are rank amateurs! Do you absolutely HATE the following:- bugs- unbalanced gameplay- dying instantly no matter how well you're doing- buying an incomplete game without the DLC- graphics that look like doodles made by a bored young teen in math class- pretty bad voice work (except the dying boss scream. so bad its good)then NO! This game is NOT for you! Avoid!my original review reflected this (and also the feeling that it desperately needs multiplayer which it didn't have at the time) so I didn't recommend it. But after putting a lot of time into the game, it did grow on me and I started having a lot of fun with it. The game is quite buggy. Also very unbalanced. And the programmers aren't skilled or experienced. BUT they are dedicated and Hero Seige practically gets a daily patch which corrects some broken or screwed up aspect of the game. They also keep adding new things to the game every so often which is neat and appreciated. Despite all the negative issues, the game is quite playable and fun if you don't immediately dismiss it.The absolute worst thing about it is having a good game and dying instantly for ??? reasons. That really sucks. Bad. But it is more or less possible to get around that by dumping all your money into armor. @ 300 extra armor tends to prevent any insta-death."
,Recommended,269210,19221896,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Constantine,"I highly recommend this game, its really fun! If you like Binding of Issac get this game! If you like R.O.T.M.G, (Realm of the Mad God), get this game! If just like rogue games in general, GET THIS GAME! Warning: there are a few bugs but its ok, because the game is still really fun!"
76561198079615347,Recommended,269210,16919546,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Roughly Clifford Sized,i like it
,Recommended,269210,19972202,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Pale Prince,"A fun, thrilling, and interesting third person RPG. (KInda reminds me of the Diablo series lol)"
,Recommended,269210,19282722,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,-bloodberry-,It's Diablo + The Binding Of Isaac. It's perfect.
,Recommended,269210,19949527,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,JasonTheFurry,"My rating: 9.9/10.0Reason:♥♥♥♥♥♥can always be better :PBut in all reality, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It hits home SOOOOOOOOO well with that dungeon-crawler like feel from diablo, even hitting on some key points from the likes of.To top it all off, the classes (i've only played pirate, but just from her alone, i don't think iw ill be getting disappointed :D ) are absolutely amazingly crafted and the graphics? Dear lord do not get me started on how surprisingly well and actually beautiful it turned out to be in-game. Because we all know looks can be decieving from the packaging.I can assure you, this is money well spent. Especially if you're like me who sold enough steam cards to be able to snag this for basically free :) .... So all in all??          WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS, GO GET THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE DIABLO OR ROUGE-LIKE-MAP CHANGING EVERY TIME YOU ENTER-DUNGEON RPG CRAWLERS!!! Oh and grab that sweet DLC too. Worth :)"
,Recommended,269210,19553578,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,G10QM8!,"Do you know, what hack-n-slash is?Well, this game is hack-n-slash RPG as it should  be.Tons of foes, tons of loot, tons of easter eggs, tons of fun, single or coop!The only thing can spoil the impression is a) difficulty of this game - aware everything you see and even more! b) this game a little buggy, but it's ok for indie project.If you like tons of enemies, loot and fun and nevermind of hardcore, play this game, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,269210,16964370,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Muri,Great game! I hope they fix most bugs soon but I'm glad they arent game-breaking.Tip: buy Karp of Doom before you buy Depths of Hell DLC or else it wont work. Learned from personal experience :P
76561197975503180,Recommended,269210,19104911,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Po0per,Addicting gameplay. Not all classes are created equal but there are a lot to choose from so it doesn't really matter. Good way to kill a couple hours without having to think much. Burned out from work? No bandwidth to crunch numbers or analyze how to videos? Hero Siege it is
,Recommended,269210,19181271,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Fugliest of Socks | Commend,"Well I would give this a 4.5/5 for several reasons.First of all this is very addicting (but in a good way). Everything about this game is being balanced and there is SO much development and new updates happening to the game. I love all of the DLC's and how there are changes and sometimes totally new content at LEAST once a week.The downside at the moment is that there are a lot of bugs. As in I entered a crypt as the timer for ""next wave"" hit zero (this means the crypt would dissapear) so when I got in my whole screen was black and nothing happened....could not quit so I force closed window. I re-opened and ohhhh greeeat all my relics were gone! So its the things like that which can really make the game annoying xD but other than that things are being patched quickly and everything about this dungeon crawler is awesomeCancel everything above out, as the dev's patched a ton of bugs. Way to go!"
76561198022451347,Not Recommended,269210,18925813,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Andy McPandy,Dont understand allthe positive reviews - i started playing then relised the vikings charge skill is so bugged it will down any boss with one hit. Game has been  out long enough that this game breaking bug should be fixed.not impressed otherwise
76561198094031101,Not Recommended,269210,24947803,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Xx_B0neless pizza_xX,"They only care about making dlc, instead of fixing in-game bugs. Also the multiplayer server is really lag. 0/10"
76561198197806914,Not Recommended,269210,24054895,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,akirkland0509,This Game Is Butt
,Recommended,269210,19709656,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Faillbot,top notch 10/10
,Not Recommended,269210,20105966,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mortdog247,Incredibly simplistic and easy to abuse. With a lot more polish this game could be so much more. Instead it's too basic to really recommend.
76561198051758610,Recommended,269210,21556408,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BSwift,"This game is awesome, I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,269210,23912615,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ironic weeb,this game never worked holy♥♥♥♥♥♥worst 50 cents ive ever spent ♥♥♥♥off
,Not Recommended,269210,23861751,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Deo Fayte,This game has crashed on me 5 times already.  Just up and stopped working.
,Recommended,269210,12809658,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hakuame,thie game is great
,Recommended,269210,24056609,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sad Gnome,This game makes me feel like killing myself
76561198044159960,Recommended,269210,16418039,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hobbit 2 : Smaug's Den,dis gaem veri funi men i am enjuy
,Recommended,269210,22605127,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,✪ KUMORI,IT'S AMAZING
,Recommended,269210,22951586,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,鈍ら墓地|GODE,11//10 This game is so fun and interesting never get boring
76561198120081381,Not Recommended,269210,22930652,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,"(V)_|0,,,0|_(V)","DLC, $$$, DLC, $$$, DLC, $$$, DLC, $$$....."
,Recommended,269210,11953109,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,LateElf,"I bought in when this game was in it's early stages, and I thought it was great fun then (I really needed a Diablo fix, but I couldn't get Diablo 3 to work on my computer)It's only gotten better since, with bug fixes, a BIG increase in resolution, tons of additions to classes, items, and enemies (both in type and AI-  yes, they've improved the enemy AI, too!)If you're looking to sink hours into turning foes into gobs, and don't need super-detailed sprites, give it a whirl"
,Recommended,269210,11292007,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,JDRiot,get it
,Recommended,269210,12123314,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,kalynator,"constantly changing, tah hell with it."
76561198047905646,Recommended,269210,12811430,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,poorly wired circuit,"Multiplayer/Co op not working was a huge let down. It's why I purchased it in the first place.Then....nothing. Just...does...not...work. No real mention of a fix that I can find either.You have to love it. You buy a game based on what people promise, yet in reality they don't have to deliver anything. What a shame.If I were a developer, I'd make sure these things work before they even go live. Hell, I'd make sure they even work before even mentioning a feature exists. Oh sales......Still...+1."
,Recommended,269210,28579822,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Leg Shot Please,Got the game on sale when it was $1.19. Cheaper than an 8oz bag of sour patch kids and lasts longer. I think that is all that needs to be said.
76561198039223370,Recommended,269210,28659616,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,YOWHAZGOOD,"FUN GAME. STUPID EXPENSIVE DLC.I WONT PAY 5.50 FOR A NEW CHARACTER WHEN THE GAME ITSELF IS 6.50, 1.30 ON SALE RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,269210,22652349,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,phoby,"So to start this off, I want to point out that i had a hard time saying ""Yes - I recommend the game""THIS IS BASED ON MULTIPLAYER EXPERIENCE-So for all the downsides you can check the other reviews but I am not going to mention them in detail.I have played the game for quite a while now thinking I can give a good recommendation.The game is good.I am serious.5,99 € without being on Discount is a fair price for a game that you can enjoy for quite a while.Summing up the way you will play this:You start playing and get realy confused at first but thats fine because items and relics keep you interested.After a little bit of playing you will find out how pointless the stat points are.A single point on strength is good to start off and it makes a difference but when you get 1000 strength on a single item later you be like... *why?*Further into the game you will learn about the relics and find out what they do, afterwards you stop picking up every single relic you find because you can remember some relics being realy bad or useless and thats not a bad things it is great, because it gives you a good feeling once you find a powerful relic.When you get to the point where the difficulty becomes hard and you wonder how you die you are probably almost level 150. Instead of trying harder to win and kill the monsters on that difficulty, you can go back to the easier difficulty and farm that - You realize quickly: "" Yo I get more XP for weaker enemies ! "" - I do not know what the developer thought they were doing.You finaly become level 150 after grinding that low tier monsters and you can continue on the higher difficulty.It could happen, that you find a super rare red item and get hyped but guess what.. It is very likely worse than your low level item for some reason.However running around on a high difficulty, you will run into the biggest issue in the game.RANDOM INVISIBLE DAMAGE SOURCES - Yes, you just die and get realy confused.If you feel like "" yo, I want to quit ♥♥♥♥ this. "" The game is going to take that job and close itsself. often.Imagine you farmed 100.000 gold to do wormhole - you do the wormhole and while being in it your game crashes - you can farm 100.000 gold once again.For the time before endgame - the game is great.I hope the dev's will read this and think about the points I critsize."
,Not Recommended,269210,19593776,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Syrsly,"After playing for under 15 minutes, I concluded that this game's performance is too poor to be enjoyable.  Also, the aiming style (basic directions, no diagonal aim) is less than desirable for sure. Also, the user interface does not have tooltips to help you figure out what everything does.  Tooltips seem standard in these kinds of games nowadays. Finally, it looks like an arena-based game with little to no exploration."
,Recommended,269210,26341387,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Hitsume,"It's a pretty great game. Find some people online to play with, then you're bound to have some more fun. Glad I bought this while it was on sale too. Was worth if you like those kind of pixel-games with RPG elements of levelling up and choosing what skills you'd like with macros that activate skills like League does. You also get various classes and whatnot, the ones you buy are pretty overpowered in a sense, but you can have fun destroying some red-shirt mooks with it. Have at it, guy."
76561197961141880,Not Recommended,269210,23859836,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sloth,"I can't buy any dlc, because I have to buy the game with it.  I already own the game, so yeah I'm screwed.  Fair warning buy complete edition now, you won't have another chance."
76561198013882931,Not Recommended,269210,22886458,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cosmic Cake,"Wow, tried to play this with a friend but it was too broken to even work. When i tried to change the controls it just didnt respond , when i clicked with the mouse the controllier controlled player attacked and like♥♥♥♥♥♥man the game runs in slowmotion and everything just feels broken. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,20193173,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LordofKonrad,game made me hate purple
,Not Recommended,269210,30988932,Posted: 6 April,all,luisalex12,"Its very fun, adictive game, but it sucks that you have to buy the rest of the levels. It just feels like they want to take your money, why not sell it complete since the beginning? It was a really turn off playing a good game and have the feeling that is not complete and you wont fihish it unless you pay for the rest of it."
,Not Recommended,269210,30414426,Posted: 9 March,all,SolidMemes,No tutorial.Seems like a pointless and endless ''RPG''.
76561198045386634,Recommended,269210,23500371,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,blizzardless,"Best traditions of hack & slash RPG!Good merge of Diablo, The Binding of Isaac and Realm of the Mad God!(="
76561198119905341,Recommended,269210,12706860,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kio?!?,Great Game Love It If You wanna See what its like check out my stream atwww.twitch.tv/walkthelord
,Recommended,269210,18885949,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,steveeen36,Good game me and brother love and play has some bugs but for the most part fun!
,Recommended,269210,20526713,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,FookDaMayweathers,"Recommended, even with the bugs when its done it will be good."
,Recommended,269210,22016006,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Juubito Stance,"Best rogue-like game in the world, this destroys Realm of the mad God"
,Recommended,269210,18920535,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HoneyPuddle,"Hack, Slash, and kick♥♥♥♥♥11/10."
,Recommended,269210,18891298,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Matyasko,Great game growing up! +1
,Recommended,269210,18892879,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,WormWood,Diablo 3/binding of isaac!! Such good fun. Love playing it with friends.
,Recommended,269210,18895216,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Darth78,Single player perfect! multiplayer have little bugs
76561198034639521,Recommended,269210,19083673,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,The Wok,"gr8 game, except that it has its flaws (bugs'n♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198076389938,Recommended,269210,19110572,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Takatoshi,nice
,Recommended,269210,20409060,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,rood-,"After 6 hours of gameplay,  I would say this game is liek 420BlazeIt"
76561198086128124,Recommended,269210,18960878,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Gnome Wonderretard,"Good game, some multiplayer issues (version 1.4.3.1), 8/10, if they fix multiplayer issues, 9,5/10."
76561198108107941,Recommended,269210,18706726,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hugh Mungus,:)
76561198005386045,Not Recommended,269210,27216942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gaardian,Don't buy if you play on a MAC. Game wont load.
,Recommended,269210,30496264,Posted: 13 March,all,✪ Gods Hand,"I made a skeleton explode blood, flesh and organs. HOW DOES A SKELETON HAVE THAT?!"
,Recommended,269210,19026116,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,IUK |  Tsuedo,All I can say is that i absolutely love this game. Have bought every collectors edition DLC so far and will continue to support this amazing game. The Multiplayer is def still in Beta and needs much work but is still really fun. Cant wait for the Wrath of Melvus DLC to be released looking forward to the collectors edition! Keep up the great work PLEASE DO NOT ABANDON.
,Recommended,269210,24427341,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Premium,"TL:DR - Binding of Isaac and Diablo give birth to something thats not hot indie garbage. 8.5/10.  If you want a good game thats gonna eat some time while being entertaining this is a great choice.Gameplay 9/10 - Twin stick shooter with 4 moves per hero.  Passive relics add flare to basic attacks.  Potions to drink (but not chug like a standard hack and slash - you can only hold one) and active relics to use.Sound 5/10 - Voice acting is the only indie garbage part of this game, it feels like they tried but it just comes across as completely low rent.  The music is a little generic and the actual sound effects are decent but  nothing to write home about.Visuals 9/10 - I really like the art direction in this game.  It isn't lazy like a lot of other indie games that have come out this gen.  Reminds me of actual 16 bit games without being too ""retro""Replay Value 10/10 - The amount of content you get is insane even with the base game.  Each hero has countless hours of play and a large progression road infront of it.  This isn't a game you and your friends are going to completely kill in a weekend.DLC 7/10 - Its good DLC, a little expensive and it fragments the game a bit.  Game could 100% use a gold edition people can buy with all the DLC.  NOTE - I own all the DLC except the shaman class (which I will buy after I finish my other runs lol).  The game shines with all the DLC, but the cost of entry is a little high for an indie game.Overall 8.5 / 10 - The game is top tier fun, it might not sound the best but it plays great.  There is a lot of DLC and the game could use a gold/complete edition - frugal folks should wait till that or a sale."
,Recommended,269210,13185568,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Redeptior,"Loving this game! Love the random maps, random drops and cruelty of the occasional one-hit-death on harder modes!"
,Not Recommended,269210,13723672,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Omae wa mou shindeiru,"This game is a lot of fun when playing singleplayer, even though it can be frustrating from time to time it is still addicting.On the other hand, we have multiplayer. One word that could describe this ""pre-alpha"" multiplayer is cancer.Here's why:- 90% of the particles (not including the projectiles) are not even visible by the 2nd, 3rd or 4th player, including the traps.- random player ability swaps (e.g. the 2nd player is a pirate and the host is a marksman, the ability glitch would make marksman's abilities the same as the pirates, for instance, the 'harpoon/balista trap' would be switched with the pirate's cross-looking trap- only host can open the treasure room doors- it can happen that when someone else other than the host enters the crypt/portal to the next biom? (after defeating the mini boss) the host becomes stuck on the place he spawns- the necromancers minions follow the host, so I wouldn't really count on minions help if you're away from the host- the vikings primary damage ability (the one in which he slams the ground which also stuns the monsters for a bit) is glitched most of the times (atleast that's for the players who aren't hosting), by that I mean that you don't actually deal damage, even if you should deal 1750 dmg, you would actually deal 300 dmg or 0 to monsters- there's probably still something that I have forgotten at this moment but you get the pointTL;DR:- bought the game since it was cheap, it actually is addictive when you play singleplayer, but multiplayer will get you frustrated- if you hate glitches, don't buy this game, period- even though the game has been out for over a year + you actually have to pay in order to play with your friends, the multiplayer could've been IMPROVED A LOT during this period, having people play multiplayer in a 'pre-alpha' stage after a year is quite"
,Recommended,269210,14147775,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dragonlord3344,"Is a great game for local coop, or atleast thats all ive tried with it and i do own the dlc but i wish they would release the new dlc already."
76561198007631108,Recommended,269210,14166072,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,GingeX,16-Bit version of Diablo corssed with The Binding of Issac.Nice and simple game play and very addictiveRandom Dungeons and enemysEvniroment can kill you and your enemysRedneck running round with chainsaw wearling LichKing helm.
76561198094044875,Recommended,269210,14440352,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,The Lawnmower Man,"fun game, just needs co op"
,Recommended,269210,14644488,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Дик прикладом ☭,"Oh yeah nah yeah it's good ae, got me going for the swift of it and lemme tell you I rip in for a quick nibble on it, tops!"
,Recommended,269210,11420310,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,✪ h motherfuckin a,"Addicting game. The devs are hardworking, game is too awesome.11/10"
,Recommended,269210,16538722,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Energyball Jellycent,"wasted 51 minutes trying to open a port, failed horribly, ended up crashing wifi's interface10/10 would port again"
,Recommended,269210,14228439,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bishop,"Rogue like Diablo . cheap , cool ,  and gets better every update ."
76561198054879920,Recommended,269210,14492880,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,RedKirby,"Simple and effective! Game offers a nod to the Diablo and Diablo II line of games and is a fun 2D slash and hack game.Con:1) Buggy as of this review. Crashes can happen with particular levels/characters though they do get patched very quickly.2) NOT a game for purists. Related to one. I have had a non-hardcore character file wiped out on me. Only happened once but it was annoying. There's a pseudo work around since you can easily edit the SP files. I just leveled a new character back to my old character's level in 2 minute and gave him my old charm.3) 2D and VERY simplistic. This may be an issue if you're looking for a bit more. Yes, there are 150+ levels and 4 difficulties, but they can get retetitive.4) Lack of character customization/skill diversity. You have maybe 1-3 skills you'll use for each character and everyone plays the same way in the end game (when you have lots of relics/items). Namely you sit in one spot and spam normal attacks.5) Balancing is an issue. Neither characters nor levels are balanced though the developers are constantly working on it. Based on luck, starting levels can be insanely hard while end acts can be ridiculously easy. Unexpected OHKO can happen. Your milage can vary.6) Nothing original or innovative in this game. If you're looking for a certain WOW factor in your games, Hero Siege won't do it for you.Pro:1) It's Diablo-lite and 2D! Has a sort of active RPG feel. No limit on stats though character skills (called talents) are soft capped to 30 just like in Diablo II. You can boost them with a charm though. Your character will effectively be capped at level 80-100 because the exp gain is so slow at that point.2) Actively being updated/improved as of this review. Developers do listen to input.3) Super cheap IF you get it on sale. I picked it up for $2 including DLC.4) Perfect for alt-tab/window screen gaming. Fun breaktime game in-between stressful studying.5) Lots of variety in the in-game items called relics. More being added soon. They can range from hilarious/useless to game-breaking.6) Nice mix of classes. Redneck is hilarious while marksman/pyro may be the easiest to play because of their range and them having pet/static defenses.7) **Multiplayer** in the future. MP is in alpha currently and very, very buggy, but this mode has been promised to all holders of the base game. Maybe something to look for.8) Achievement Hunting. Most of the 100+ achievements were removed recently, but developers said better new ones may be added in the future.Overall a strong recommend for fans nostalgic for Diablo II and looking for a simple slash and hack game. A slight recommendation for everyone else. If you can get it for 50% off or better during some holiday then definitely pick it up and give it a try."
,Recommended,269210,16612008,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mikaboshi,Get it and get hooked
76561198014913462,Recommended,269210,10690414,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Illimitus,"Definitely worth it for the money.I was an early buyer, and recently came back to see the game's progress, and it is substantive.The developer is working his butt off.It has acheivements and cards as well."
76561198064470986,Recommended,269210,13517163,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,H0t_Steel,Play as nomad to win.
,Recommended,269210,13724925,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,m4z4r,This is a great coop game and for the price you can't go wrong. If you grew up in the 8/16 bit era of gaming you will most likely enjoy this game.
76561198024141258,Recommended,269210,13842451,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stormtrooper,"Comrades. This is good game. For a game with no nuclear wessles it is fantastic. The gameplay with fast and furious with 20 or so seconds of a lull between waves. You will laugh at their feeble attempts to kill you. You will cry as one simple mistake ends in your brutal death, like a little child against circus bear!$5.99 for hours upon hours of good gameplay. Awesome value.$2.99 (or $4.99 for the collectors edition) adding a new character, new content, and multiplayer (disclaimer - it's in early alpha and it's buggy)------All around very good value. Just get the game. Trust me I'm a Communist Plummer."
,Not Recommended,269210,14001149,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,soolar,"There's difficulty, and then there's just poor design. This game falls in to the later. Projectiles will generally one shot you, or shave off a massive chunk of your health at the very least. Even an AoE DoT from one enemy type generally takes off over a quarter of my HP if it grazes me for half a second. Almost all deaths are nigh-instantaneous, with no chance for reaction or to learn from your mistakes.Additionally, the game seems to love to spawn certain bosses in a way that they will INSTANTLY kill you the moment they spawn in, with some attack where I have not even been able to determine what is HAPPENING, since I only get to see the boss for a fraction of a second.The levelling all seems to completely ignore generally accepted good game design policies, such as diminishing returns. All of the stats you can invest will make absolutely no noticeable difference at first, so early levels only make you feel any stronger from the talent trees. And many of the skills in the talent trees are incredibly poorly designed for early on as well, such as the pyromancer, which has many skills with a 1% chance per rank chance of triggering when you do a basic attack. So when you first grab the skill, it will basically never make any difference, but eventually, once you have levelled it up to be 100x stronger (since nothing seems to have any sort of diminishing returns?) it will also be triggering 100% of the time.I really wanted to enjoy this, because it looked like exactly the kind of game I had been looking for lately, but I have to say, this is one of the most disappointing purchases I have made on steam."
,Recommended,269210,14537196,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Man this game is fun!  Hacking, slashing, potions, loot, relics, lots of enemies, some bosses and the top-down/16-bit era graphics of classic games like Legend of Zelda: A Link to The Past.  Up until recently there were 100+ achievements but the developers decided that was too much and so lessened them to a more average number (seriously though, it was too much – there were achievements for successfully completing all acts with all character classes…talk about redundant!).There are also extreme difficulty settings for gamers that like to challenge themselves and even some DLC to add additional content to the game.  Lastly, just a brief note of caution:  there does seem to be some extensive lag at times, though I can’t answer to if that carries over at all to online play as I’ve really only ever tried solo play.Also, despite having a high level character (you can level beyond 100, which is very nice!) and numerous relics to add perks to your character class beyond those that you level up as you progress through routine gameplay, you can and in fact WILL die quite easily.  There are enemies, regular type mind you (not bosses), that can kill you with a single hit before you even know what happened  : (   (FYI - there is actually a relic that you will occasionally find that revives you 1 time if you die, so the devs have bestowed  some mercy upon us).That little bit of cheapness aside; this game is still great fun, very affordable and very playable."
76561198075220818,Recommended,269210,13751379,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dramatic Fox,"This is a very additive game, and the gameplay, though linear, is some of the most fascinating of its kind. However, it would be even better if the developer could add in diagonal attack, since it is rather annoying no to be able to do so, especially when you are using a controller."
76561197971069215,Recommended,269210,13823352,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,To Boldly Go,"DO NOT BUY THE DLC!!!!  OK. Now that I've got that out of the way... This game is great and I recommend it.  Easy to pick-up and fun to play.  The DLC however, simply doesn't work.  You can buy it, but not play it (at least I can't).  Multiplayer not working at this time (DLC was supposed to add that feature)."
,Recommended,269210,13905524,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ObeseSausage,This game is.............................awesome.
,Not Recommended,269210,13169774,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cohkane,"Elements of Binding of Isaac mixed with a very, very watered down Diablo 2?/3 makes Hero Siege.+ Cheap game~ Graphics are clean, somewhat- Controls best with a controller unfortunately (I had a controller anyway, but still)- Getting hit with hard-to-notice-projectiles amongst the busy (sometimes VERY busy) graphics- Cheap deaths ranging from enemy's death shooting a laser to environmental traps- Simplistic and unimaginative skills (all classes have multiple ""% to cast when attacking"" skills)- Terrible netcode for multiplayer (Why have it in a DLC if it's so terrible?)- Levels are all the same with little variation- Stat levels you gain from levelling mean very little- ""Relics"" (which are items that grant different effects you carry with you) are mostly unimaginative stat boosts- Bosses that appear after 6 waves do not scale with # of waves and are completely boring/easy (although how boring fighting these bosses are, this may be a good thing)- The only break from monotony are dungeons/crypts which are deathtraps (see: environmental traps)- Grindy with little rewardIn summary: the game's exceedingly cheap deaths, repetitive gameplay, and banal character skill trees make this game very difficult to recommend to even the most autistic player."
,Not Recommended,269210,13580154,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ISKH,I really cannot belive i actually bought it... I got absolutely no fun from this game.
,Not Recommended,269210,14365415,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,mistersneak,"I didn't play for long because the combat is extremely dry, the mechanics are stale, the upgrades are a flavorless grind, the characters are a grab-bag of embarrassing attempts and the theme lacks in creative quality. Like a sack of expired BBQ potato chip crumbs, maybe you'll consume this game if you are just so bored that any sort of gaming sustenance will do. But for goodness sake, there's so much out there. Play something better. The indie devs deserve respect for getting a game out there that people genuinely like but... man. This sure isn't for me."
76561198018556525,Recommended,269210,14738081,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,momohaha,"Mindless fun, mutilple character to play with"
,Recommended,269210,14765544,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,נαι ку☪,"Before buying it, i though about ""nuclear throne"" , seeing the pictures.. well, now i know its kind of similar and those simple games are the best ones, in my opinion.NO need of good graphics, NO need of high amount of RAM. , , it's a simple game with AWESOME gameplay experience.Totally recommend it. 9/10 . could be better with multiplayer system, nothing else than that ."
76561198137447139,Not Recommended,269210,14353167,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JHJ,"X-Box One Pads(2 controlers) are can't work..in 2player Mode..(Not Keybored+controler...controler+controler.)please Fix it this Error....one more time,I said controler+controler..!!!!!!!FIX UPDATE!!!!!!!:-("
76561197999224718,Recommended,269210,14741622,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Wax°,Cheap an addictive :)
,Not Recommended,269210,13114992,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Radical_Dreamer,"I dont necessarily dislike this game, it has a ton of potential if the game were a bit more balanced, as it stands its either incredibly easy in parts and then beyond dark souls hard in others. Needs work."
76561197983850432,Not Recommended,269210,13219066,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Typsy Danger,"BLECH! Resounding blech!  I'm going against the grain here and NOT recommending this game.  The gameplay is slow, tedious, unbalanced and boring.  The UI and in-game controls on keyboard are terrible (really, NO angled attacks at all?), the music is boring, the sound effects are low quality and the voice overs sound like they were done by a heroine addict.  The progression is sluggish at best.  The upgrades are almost meaningless while special skills are incredibly over powered.  The only thing that the game has going for itself is a nice art style that's not original anyway.Skip this unless it's a $1."
76561198119766681,Recommended,269210,11337860,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ТВОЙ ПАРЕНЬ,Very fun and chalengeing at the the same time
76561198017311723,Not Recommended,269210,15863256,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,The Great Wolf Lestat,This game does nothing but crash... level up? Crash... Try to select character... crash.Complete was of money and time.. i wish i could sell games that didnt even work...
76561198305894346,Recommended,269210,24563895,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,uncutzwiebel,Hi I want the full game please for free I will link this game in the description.
,Not Recommended,269210,15528113,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,cirn0,i♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥all over this ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,269210,21557456,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,THEDESTRUCTOTOR,I love it. Simple as that. Get this game. Only thing is that it has no tutorial and is slightly confusing at first. Also: Viking & Fallen Paladin are the best classes.
,Recommended,269210,23744921,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,godslildevil777,"Absolutely love, love, LOVE this game. Especially now that they've adjusted the gear so that I can actually gain mana/health on HIT and not kill. Love this game. Bought it for at least 3 people, and I tell everyone who has steam about this game."
76561198069762203,Recommended,269210,23748681,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[Douché] Doosh - eh,"Had a great time with this game, considering I bought it for $.60c. Great for co-op, fast paced with a diablo feel. Doesn't come without its bugs and exploits but highly recommend as a controller based local multiplayer."
,Recommended,269210,23889628,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Torasu,Mindless hack 'n' slash with a price that feels almost like a steal! Grab this now!
,Recommended,269210,21608867,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SaltByTheMotion,Love this game feels like diablo and binding of isaac had a baby with realm of the mad gods on the side love it!!!
76561198257734999,Recommended,269210,21603980,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Tyrone,GG no ree cheap♥♥♥♥♥good game 10/10
,Recommended,269210,21616435,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TakeOn,Fun Game :3
,Recommended,269210,33318665,Posted: 6 July,all,SoNasable,Cheat = auto banned ..
76561198157822093,Not Recommended,269210,24371294,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,twee,"Startered playing the game. Seemed okay. Until i had no idea on what to do, all I knew what to do was kill the monsters. Didn't know how to upgrade weapons.. buy armour.. and again, no idea on what to do. I do not reccomend this. 3/10"
76561198041837616,Recommended,269210,12795681,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,LexPlays,"I usually never write reviews on games. But this one deserves it.This game has a complete Binding of Isaac feel to it. I wasn't too sure about the game at first. But now I found myself 8 hours in and finally beating normal mode. This game, like TBOI, is extremely addicting. No matter how much you die, you have this strange desire to do it over and over again. This game was designed with very good replayability.That being said, there are a few bugs, of course. But most indie games are, aren't they? I can't count how many times I've died getting stuck against something and then cornered by a bunch of monsters. Even towards the end of my run, I got stuck a couple times but what can you expect? Not every game is completely perfect but I found it to be quite playable despite the small bugs.At the end of the day, I'd have to recommend this game to anyone who likes rogue-likes, challenging games or games that could keep you busy for hours."
76561198271074816,Recommended,269210,26372346,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,PrankinBastard 2.0,Great
,Recommended,269210,27794640,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Run dem Weh,"A fun little game for inbetween other games mostly, don't think it's the type of game you'd wanna be playing all day every day. The game's essentially a top-down, wave-based ARPG.At this point it's basically a Diablo lite, if you will. I personally keep coming back to it every other month or so. Over the course of a few years i've clearly gotten my money's worth.Lots of little nods to other titles, especially Diablo 2, if you've played that, you'll recognize a lot of items visually and partially even by name (see my screenshots for some examples)."
76561198194163967,Recommended,269210,26414536,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SWAGMAYBE,A little bit buggy but good game.
,Not Recommended,269210,32297128,Posted: 9 June,all,ZenSen,"This seems like it could be a fun and interesting game. However, because of poor keyboard and mouse controls, i'm giving it a thumbs down. Half the skills don't even seem to work, unless you're using a controller. And i don't own a controller.Also, hitting esc too many times fully exits the game. The hell?It just seems like the game was designed by people that have no interest in developing PC based games. Yet they develop PC games."
76561198033759348,Recommended,269210,31020542,Posted: 8 April,all,Madop,Filled with bugs and horrible servers. But still addicting.With better servers and an invite system this game would be a ton better.
,Recommended,269210,24835915,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Huitzi,"Simply attractive, entertaining and explosive with all these enemies, classes and bosses."
76561198078574743,Not Recommended,269210,34493251,Posted: 25 August,all,Quatre Rabera Winner,Almost.
,Recommended,269210,10395018,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Jawpz,"This is a wave survival rouge-like game. When i first saw this game on Steam i was hoping that it was going to be a free roam game though i was wrong it is still a fantastic bit of fun. A big negative from me is the references to other games can be alittle cringey at times for example when you make an Archer character he makes an ""Arrow to the knee"" reference which nearly made me uninstall the game because i didn't feel like developing cancer."
,Recommended,269210,24614662,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jitlan,"Pros:The Heroes looks great even for its 16 bit graphics.The Bosses looks nice and has nice dialog.The Hero you play also has some Nice Dialog.The Spells looks nice and smooth.you dont need a Beefy PC or Computer.The End Bosses of ACTs looks nice and has a good fight.The Hats has some nice refrences.Great Art Style.The Boss Dialog is good.Nice NPC Names.Nice Hero Class Names.Nice Boss Names.Lots Of RelicsThe Relic's Graphic looks Amazing.Most of the Relic's Stats are Great and Balanced.Nice Side Dungeons inside the Acts.Nice and Balanced Shop.Nice amounts of Difficulties.Love the Names of the Difficulties.Cons:There arent much Dialog.Most Mobs are reskins.Meele Heroes are Weak.The Bosses doesnt have much Dialog.Some Heroes are OP and doesnt get Nerfed for a long time. [I know the Devs are trying to nerf them the best they can]Some of the relics are Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ [i know some of them are just meant for fun, i am just telling you the cons]There arent much else to do but Do Dungeons and Gring Lvls. [i know its a dungeon crawler but still there arent much end game or side stuff to do]The Servers arent Stable in the Multiplayer. [this can be fixed]All in all i give Hero Siege 8/10 would maybe try again."
,Recommended,269210,30699551,Posted: 23 March,all,™ Æñç,shoot shoot shoot.  stab stab stab.  still dunno wtf is going on here.
76561198224442824,Not Recommended,269210,15933837,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,gootenbooten,"Well, just downloaded the controller version. It won't let mehit start or customize my keys. So can't play... Bummer."
76561198036387118,Not Recommended,269210,15969157,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,rufuswho42,This is NOT a multiplayer game.You have to sign up throughPanic.netwhich does not function. They redirect you to a BUGTRACKER page that has a long list of complaints from people who did not receive verification emails.No response. It simply does not work.I would like to get my money back and also would prefer it if Steam verified the multiplayer functionality of a game before the developers are allowed to advertise it.
76561198045796956,Not Recommended,269210,15920067,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MeOC6H5,Well I enjoy the game but the publisher is awful. I bought both collectors edition DLC's and I cannot access them. I sent two emails to the support email address and I got nothing in return so yeah. Total rip off and not worth it. Would not recommend.
76561198117265691,Recommended,269210,11494688,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Master.Sen,The type of game I like
,Recommended,269210,16036518,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Seil,"This is a good game , and its Hard."
,Recommended,269210,17295149,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,im a little teapot short n clout,I hate the developers of this game with a passion. They release dlc for a buggy♥♥♥♥♥game that is hard as hell. They make the multiplayer extremely hard to set up and deal with. They make the game itself repetitive and angering. Yet I still come back for more. Every. Damn. Day. I will buy the next DLC they are releasing just to get the characters to high rank. The dungeons make me want to cry because you can get instantly killed at level 1 and lose all of your relics and money. I overall would give this game an 8/10 because it is really buggy and makes me more mad than dark souls; but i love it and will play it for quite a while now. Worth the money.
,Recommended,269210,17595819,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Naw_Kid,-Got killed by worm-got revived-another worm-cried-died
,Recommended,269210,18619373,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Acramandos,"It's simple, similar to The Binding of Isaac and extremely fun to play through! The soundtrack's really good and you can choose from around 7 Classes + 3 from DLC to spice things up. It's pretty cheap to, so you should give it a go, it won't dissapoint.PS: Multiplayer's currently in a Beta period and it's fairly unstable, so proceed with caution."
,Recommended,269210,18701885,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Bernard The Host,"Totally addicted! Polished, great controller support, insane boss fights. Worth the price!"
,Recommended,269210,20171953,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,藤原,"Idk why this game got into my mind, but I really recommend this game as the slashing enemies and upgrading your stats just make you satisfy for every victory of every waves. :) NAWLIDGE"
,Recommended,269210,17422437,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Draco,"Fun game that is well worth the $$ to buy.Thank being said, the game is 2D diablo style game where to dungeon crawl and collect loot and level up.There is currently only multiplayer by port forward / hosting but the game creators are working on a dedicated multiplayer server that will solve that problem.Just IMO, worth the few bucks to play around with in your free time and have a good time."
76561198045050344,Recommended,269210,19333191,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mr.Hall Wacker,"So after putting in a mere modest 12hs into the game I can now say that I did indeed have a blast of a time playing it thus far, and for anyone interested in binding of isaac or isometric arpgs its a pretty solid buy especialy for the current price point (roughly 10 euros for base game and the current 3 dlcs.).However and this is a big one, the game does come with its fair share of bugs and minor annoyances (having to port forward to even get multiplayer to work isn't something I was expecting of a game in this day and age.) but overall it didnt impact my gameplay all that much and I could still enjoy the game.Graphics: They are pretty much what you can expect from a rougeliteesque game going for a retro feel, Not a showstopper but they're pretty crisp and clear and get the job done for a game of this type. 7/10Audio: The skills have a pretty satisfying weight and sound behind them and the voice lines of champions are pretty stellar (altho they quite quickly start repeating themself and could lead to annoyance for some) the soundtrack itself isnt anything spectacular but not bad by any stretch of the imagination. 6/10Gameplay: This is your typical lootwh*re game, it does have some elements to spice things up in the form of dungeons and crypts that spawn inside the arena you're currently in, the dungeons and crypts come in different types and some might be a fairly straight forward miniboss and some loot while others contain puzzles and traps, in short if you enjoy hoarding loot and watching your character progress then this game will be pretty amazing and if you dont, why are you even here? 7/10Overall, I do recommend this game but only if you can live with the bugs, its a 6/10 alone but quickly becomes a 8/10 if you do have a friend or two (or three) to play it with."
,Recommended,269210,19933062,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dokuujin,"Yes, yes, Vexo is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the game is buggy, but lets be real, guys? The dev team is an indie studio - it's literally just TWO PEOPLE in their ♥♥♥♥ing basement. The game is cheap as ♥♥♥♥ - I got 4 copies for like 2 dollars. The DLC is /not/ a money scam, even several people have said so - the DLC was conent that was added by fan request.The game is not as buggy as people say - I've literally not seen any bugs, other than a rare case of bad hit detection.If you have a problem with mana, you can literally just reset your character and spend your stat points and skill points more intelligently.And am I the only one to notice that every single negative review was written by an angry BR? If you're gonna write a review, at least be able to semi-decently write the language you are reviewing in - I'm not even sure what most of the complaints are, for this reason, besides the few I addressed.All in all, the game is fun. It's casual. It kills time. And it's extreamly impressive for a game made by just 2 guys.+Great art style.+Fun gameplay.+Simple systems.+Hardcore Rouge-Like options.+Diablo style item looting.+Full controller support.-Weird controller layout takes getting used to, and a controller being plugged in makes menu navigation really awkward.-Bosses can be a bit over powered, able to one or two shot you. Some times you'll take damage in boss fights without ever apparently being hit.-Melee weapons feel underwhelming, as they have short reach, and melee characters are just as squishy as ranged characters.-You can only fire in 4 directions, instead of 8.7/10."
76561198056060442,Recommended,269210,20067637,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,HellboundHearth,Cute and addictive i dont know what u ppl expect from the game its
76561198073196555,Recommended,269210,18597544,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Eclipse,"love this game! its alot like the binding of isaac and i loved that game, so i love this one too. love the art style and its alot of fun. Only problem so far is that there are a number of bugs iv found with my friend, where the audio will glitch out, u wont be able to turn it down while in game, the halloween style map causes our lobby to crash, my strength stat will allways say 0 - 0. Thats about it for bugs, so i hope these are fixed soon, also the resistances seem to be inaccurate, the monsters who are resistant to things are pretty much imune to that damage style, so please either make it say Immune or make the resistance less op plz. Still i recommend this game highly, alot of fun with friends and worth it i say.Going to add somthing else i wanted to say now :PI love this game alot, i spent a few hours playing it straight and i just loved every second, i quite enjoyed lvling up and getting new talents, and finding new relics and gear, alot of fun :D and i am going through the Acts, so it made me wonder if there is any new acts we can look forward too, iv noticed there are some paths in town that lead to nothing so i am hopeing that later on those paths will lead to either more of the village, or maybe even new villages, i just hope that once act 7 comes out that isnt the last one we will see. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,269210,17734442,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Zemy,"A terrific game. It's very laid back and the motto of the game? The more the merrier. Yes the multiplayer isn't the greatest although i can see the devs are trying their best to fix it (and it's paying off!) so play with lots of friends and with that trading system their implementing you will no longer have to be that guy who gets money at the end of each round! And you'll really be able to sharpen your classes being able to trade with your friends (i'm assuming you can trade relics).So if you don't like this game for a certain reason don't let your 5 quid go to waste, watch the game you may just like it more in a month or two.Great little game worth the money 8.5/10"
76561198062837128,Recommended,269210,18349090,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Not A Dirtbag,"This game is pretty rad. Essentially it's a dual stick shooter with rpg elements and random level generation. Some characters are ranged and some are melee based. It can feel kinda grindy, but you can get some pretty powerful items relatively early on that can make you feel unstoppable. You aren't though, and you can die in a blink if you aren't careful! The game is cheap and totally worth it. There are some in-game purchases you can make for more characters, I might buy a few to throw some cash at the developers and see what other games they come up with."
76561198081233625,Recommended,269210,19317277,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,complexCarlo,Great game. Has hints of The Binding of Isaac. Keeps me interested and puzzles keep me challenged.
,Recommended,269210,17593568,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,scoob,The first hour is really rough but after that it gets better
76561198112337826,Recommended,269210,18701287,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,tsichman,I really like this game.
76561198107449691,Recommended,269210,18249070,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Azaliel,"Good and challenging, very good design and really fun to play, I think I will be stuck more than a few hours playing this game"
,Recommended,269210,18464437,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Xavion Zaurak,it's literally binding of issac and diablo combiend into 1 so yeah at first it really sucks but when you  get strogner you can redo first level and get more items and keep getting more and more overpowered so i love it for that alone
,Not Recommended,269210,18703132,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,c0nfess,Its okk
,Recommended,269210,21949853,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez K-83 (Cool Rick),"This game is great, Its pretty fun, The closest game I could compare this game to is Diablo and its almost nothing like it. The basic mode is trying to survive waves and waves of enemies. Thumbs up"
,Recommended,269210,22689788,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,sTned ✿,"Here is a genre I like very much. You don’t need to solve puzzles or be scared of being lost on a big map, you don’t need to struggle with complex RPG elements… All you need to do is to focus on the carnage!It is said to be roguelike but doesn’t roguelike mean turn-based? Hero Siege is not turn-based, quite the opposite, it is a fast-paced game. There are some simple RPG elements; you level up when you earn enough experience killing monsters, you gain talent/ability points and spend them however you like when you level up, you can carry an item and you can buy something from hidden shops. It is just the way I like in such a game. I would define Hero Siege as hack and slash. 9/11"
,Recommended,269210,22907111,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,the summer of george,So much fun and seems like it has a lot of replayability.  10/10 in my book
,Recommended,269210,23854337,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,yafeli,"A great game. for only 60 cents it's a steal, bought a 4 pack for me and some friends without thinking twice."
76561198018250305,Recommended,269210,15775046,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Streiben,BUY it.No regrets!It's addicting from the first time you've starting it.Just - buy - it.
,Recommended,269210,16469572,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,IamTheSuperMan,Register Online multiplayer Email verifier slowly :(My friend Waiting since 12.00 pm until now.
,Recommended,269210,16483599,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Haloperidol,even the loadingscreen is bugged
,Recommended,269210,16517989,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Floki,A pretty simple hack n slash.Nice art assests and I didn't find the music too borning or repetative.The sound effects leave something to be desired especially the voices of the played characters.For a game with a price tag it does involve a gem store which I was a little dissapointed about though casual fun can be had in short burst play without too much comitment.6.5/10
,Recommended,269210,16809444,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Samuel Pampolini,Very good game.
,Recommended,269210,16828671,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,mikemikemike.,Fantastic game!
76561198049001660,Recommended,269210,17385964,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,just a bear,"Fantastic game, with a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in it. Random, impossible to avoid deaths, along with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics. You can have a great run just to be instantly killed by some unavoidable crap that should not be in the game.Decked out in full gear and relic'd up after 30 minutes of play to get instant-killed by something that spawns from the ground and deals 18k damage? Ridiculous. There are some things in the game that are literally 'dodge or be killed', and then those things are near-impossible to dodge in certain situations.Very fun to play until you run into UNAVOIDABLE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.If the game developers would simply the crap things from the game, or modify them so they are not an INSTANT-KILL, this game would be much better.EDIT: This game is HARD. Like, really hard (and I love it) - and removing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics wouldn't make it any easier, it'd just make the game not broken. This game needs quite a bit of tweaking and then it'd be very close to 10/10. Currently it's like 6/10.I bought this game for like 84 cents from the steam sale (bought like 5 copies and gifted some to friends)... and I've enjoyed playing it a lot, though if I spent more money on this I'd probably be pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because this game is broken, plain and simple."
,Recommended,269210,17769468,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,none ya,This game is Great it is still buggy and not perfect but I enjoy every second when I play this game.(Computer Specs)Processor: AMD FX(tm)-4130 Quad-Core ProcessorVideo Card:	NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660Memory:	8.2 GBOperating System:	Microsoft Windows 10
,Recommended,269210,17925230,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,nmz | bOnObO,"successful game, looks like a diablo 2"
76561198073166006,Recommended,269210,18489568,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,tatmouse89,"I really don't like having to do port forwarding in order to host an online co-op game and every available game I find doesn't have their ports open either!It's a fun game, albeit quite simple. But it will be a solo affair unless you wanna do some wonky stuff in your router."
76561197999124196,Recommended,269210,18705077,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Derpchief,Hell yeah.Realy fun game.
76561198080890501,Recommended,269210,21554495,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Minty,"Diablo III, The Binding of Isaac, and any pixel RPG game had a baby. Its name is Hero Siege."
,Recommended,269210,21654911,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jesus,Go for it! Just do it!
,Recommended,269210,21657692,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,bizx,The kind of game where you don't realize you've been playing for 6 hours. Pure enjoyment.
,Recommended,269210,31290729,Posted: 22 April,all,Noobalator,"Pretty fun game, never played it online so I've never had any save issues.Twin stick shooter, perfect for a controller. Pays a lot of homage to other ARPG games, such as Diablo 2."
,Recommended,269210,15022171,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Taglio boy,"An actually enjoyable game when you get the groove of it. At first it I thought it was going to be a little like The Binding Of Isaac, but playing the game revealed that it really is a completely different experience.I picked up the game on a steam sale, played it, played it some more, and continued to play it. If you get the chance to get it on sale, take it. If it's not on sale, still take it.Something casual to play every now and then, fun in both single player and multi. Don't take the Pirate at first thought.. yeah definitely don't pick the pirate first. 8/10 would click again."
,Recommended,269210,22595370,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Maline,"the cheapest fun I've ever had, and I mean, personally I would price this game at about $15, just because it is so fun.Randomly generated, RPG, with a crap ton of replayability."
76561198059299820,Not Recommended,269210,35054361,Posted: 18 September,all,KonstantStompa,Once upon a time this game was really fun but over time there have been changes made which in my opinion have not been for the best. I don't think the mana system was all that great of an addition and more recently the game has just turned into an awful awful grindfest. I don't mind grinding but now your character gets killed in seconds and does not do enough damage to kill enemies. You can't gear up because you cant kill hardly any enemies before getting killed yourself. Terrible really because this game used to be alot of fun.
,Not Recommended,269210,30813663,Posted: 29 March,all,Herb,worsest game from finland... finland get ur poop together...
76561198179363958,Recommended,269210,18974309,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Noxmori,"Great game really addictive, that addictive fact its the one exploited for the developer to made you buy the DLC's, I enjoy the game, I recommend the game, but Im afraid of the game turning into a ''pay to keep playing'' or a filled of microtransactions one."
76561198124248328,Recommended,269210,19345216,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,rootZ,There is a volcano that shoots hot dogs into the air.10/10
76561198069473511,Recommended,269210,19792717,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,wizzardlizz,Such a good game.Hands down 10/10
,Recommended,269210,19358422,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Weeaboo Hunter,"This game is the top♥♥♥♥♥♥ I remember when I was 6 years old, I was being looked after by my great grandparents but I was left hungry most of the time because they were too busy playing Hero Siege. Now I have purchased this game and I understand why. Only problem I have with this game are the bugs it has in multiplayer but I trust in the gods that these problems will one day perish and everyone will be able to live a lively and lavish life. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,269210,20734100,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Polar-Star,it suxs okay
,Recommended,269210,21185674,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lord Bobbymort,"Quite a few bugs, specifically regarding the multiplayer, and very derivative, but still fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,269210,21102571,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mike,"It may not be a Diablo or a Torchlight but what it is shines brightly. This game is a labour of love hand-crafted by a small group of devs with a passion for the genre, their constant, sleep-deprived effort to keep this game running and regularly updated is extremely appreciated. For the price of a large Bigmac meal from Mcdonalds you can't go wrong with the price, and the DLC really does show value for money too. Not only that but it has a ton of classes and a ton of re-playability both on and offline!"
76561197990571227,Not Recommended,269210,13682596,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tankeater,"While Hero Siege can provide fun for a few hours, it is not a game with much replay value and I only found myself sick of it after a few hours.  While I didn't max out any characters or make it to the later acts, I was able to complete act 1 without much difficulty and played a good deal of act 2.  The game itself is a hack 'n' slash (which I respect), but it has so many balance issues there is only one way to approach gameplay.  You can't create a brash tank, a wily theif, a sinister necromancer, or a restoring cleric.  All you can create are glass cannons.Gameplay involves circlestrafing enemies in an arena for hours on end and hoping not to get 1shot by something you literally cannot see.  Projectiles are 1000x more lethal than melee attacks, and the amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥on screen after act 1 means that in order to survive you are relying more on luck than any actual skill.  Unfortunately, the pacing for act 1 is so slow that you spend more time hunting down stray enemies than you do anything else.  Do not make the mistake of trying to conquor a random dungeon, as they are usually a suicide mission.  Enemies will randomly spawn on you, or you will get stuck fighting off a horde of enemies in a diagional hallway when you can only attack NSEW.  Most bosses in the game are laughably easy, being much slower than you and often having no projectile attacks.  Other bosses will spawn and start casting a spell.  The boss will just say ♥♥♥♥ the channel time and instantly 1shot you with a cross-screen NSEW laser attack that pierces all terrain.  I'm pretty sure he just waits for you to get NSEW of him then he lets loose with an instagib.I created several characters, and even when putting EVERY stat point into HP and defense you will still get 1shot or 2shot by any enemy in the game.  It makes stat points feel irrelevent when the stat distribution does nothing to affect gameplay.  Your skill build is pretty relevant, but some skills and passives are totally useless or bonkers overpowered.  Some low cooldown aoe skills have +500 damage per skillpoint, while some single target abilities have +40 damge per skillpoint.  At least a respec is cheap.  Trying to grind for a level advantage is pretty impossible.  Luckily for me, a type of elete enemy spawns waves of weak flies, and killing a small swarm of these will net you 1-3 levels in experience.  Fly swarms have probably given me 60-75% of my total character xp.Items are pretty underwhelming in most cases, and give you a paltry amount of +stats.  Picking up charms and potions is a deathwish in many situations.  Trying to pickup a charm pops up an equipment comparison window, but while you compare stats, you find yourself getting brutalized by terrain hazards.  Potions on the other hand cause you to pause in place and hold them over your head (item get!), while enemies swoop in for free killing blows on your character.  When you are actively running away from enemies, it's really obnoxious to have a minefield of potions littering the battlefield, and many of them are totally obscured behind houses, trees, and particle effects.This isn't the worst game I've ever played, and I may try playing again sometime, but it has serious issues that make it hard to enjoy.  I feel like I've given it a decent chance, and while the game has its merits, I will make a point of doing more research on games I buy in the future becuase I don't like my steam library cluttered up with games I don't enjoy.6/10 would buy again for $3"
76561198096712902,Recommended,269210,14508694,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BOT Gairson,cool game needs updates
,Recommended,269210,17561755,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,🔥Wick🔥 (NEW LAPTOP),fun fun ◉◞౪◟◉
76561198027091633,Recommended,269210,17586113,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Gjastis,"Great addictive game. Wont' say a lot about it, it's just fun.In the other side, it become progresively repetitive but anyway, you can enjoy it for many hours.It has some small bugs, which can make you waste a little bit of time. But nothing hard."
,Recommended,269210,17591093,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,OTHANE,"Hero SiegeHero Siege is a great game, I've had an amazing time playing it alone and with friends and watching it develop.The graphics provide a really oldschool and classic feel to the game. Similar to the graphics of Realm of the Mad God in a sense the game is really easy on the eyes.The gameplay is immense, when I'm not storming the gates in dungeons playing as my Samurai I'm hanging on the backlines firing 10,000 arrows across the screen on my Marksman, or shooting twirls of poisonous spears on my AmazonThe singleplayer mode is still extremely fun, I've spent around 25 hours in single player alone, and loved every single moment of it, gathering new relics, equipment and levelsThe multiplayer provides just as much fun, why rush through crypts or fight new and entertaining bosses on your own when you can do it with friends?Pros+ Great and enjoyable classes, each class provides new mechanics+ Equipment which was recently added is a great asset, who doesn't want full legendary / mythical gear?!+ Relics are so much fun to find and you will see what I mean when you play itCons- The game can be kind of repetivie in parts, but the need for more gear always keeps you going- The DLC isn't cheap so to say but you can always get it in a sale, and it's on sale quite a lotFinal ThoughtsHero siege is a great game, it's fun, it's easy to play, you can play it on and jump right in anytime or whenever you're bored it's always a great choice!My final Rating 9/10"
,Recommended,269210,9201968,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Viv,Love the game. You can level up and see your progress and as you go along you learn more about the bosses. The classes are pretty standard but one of them you can be a guy with a chainsaw. You fight waves of monsters then every 6th level is a boss. You gain gold which you can use to purchase stats for the run or health pots for the run. After fighting the boss you get an item sorta like binding of isaac. But you gain exp and level your character to get stats/more crit chance ect. Started it up expecting it to suck and played 3 hours lol oops.
,Recommended,269210,21310192,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,✪ Illuminate,"Very fun to play and the devs keep releasing new content. Ignore the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews about the update more than five months ago, they've fixed a lot of bugs and made things much better. The game wasn't even that bad before."
,Recommended,269210,21626789,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Aldon,it is fun but i don't what i need to do :)
,Recommended,269210,21637643,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Aaro456,"Amazing game, i've spent lots of time on this. I recommend it although some bugs and code errors get really annoying! (Thats to be expected in Beta right?)"
76561198103188181,Recommended,269210,21936013,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TheNinjaKiwiCat,"I've been playing this game for a good time now and would like to list the pros and cons of the game to people looking for a new game or to have good time. so let's get right to it.-Pros:-A mix between Diablo and The Binding of Isaac, both very enjoyable games-Classes are all fun to play with a good-ish amount of skills-Relics are rewaring and useful-Armor is the same-DLC Classes and Acts are useful and fun respectively-Cons:-You can get one-shotted on later difficulties-Crashes every hour or so-After losing your relics very hard to build back up-Some enemy champions and mini-bosses are so OP (a.k.a. Electrified and The Necronomicon)-Traps can literally wreck you without a moment's notice-Skills sometimes don' work-Mana costs for abilities don't scale well-Servers sometimes are useless so you are forced to port forwardTL; DR Buy this game if you can deal with bugs and are patient enough to wait for patches. Don't buy this game if you have issues with balance of enemies and items, crashing, high mana costs, and buying DLC.P.S. If you agree with some of my cons please help me get the developers to see this so they can improve the game and make it more enjoyable."
76561198100414783,Recommended,269210,21937058,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,nu,I FREAKING LOVE THIS GAME BUT........How do you get the other charcters? They where in the trailer
,Recommended,269210,29118774,Posted: 8 January,all,[Impact]JKDDRAGON,The game is alright...playable...
,Recommended,269210,21498105,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,tomorrow will be a better day,its k
,Not Recommended,269210,22625204,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Flembro,"Move along, nothing to see here, even at this price...."
76561198138570507,Recommended,269210,21760824,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,hydrolicious,8 bit rogue like diablo is a good description!
,Recommended,269210,21764812,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,JPlootzIsHere,"Kill massive amounts of monsters, Level up, Achieve titles and achievements, once complete must get sunlight."
76561198313404115,Recommended,269210,31051141,Posted: 9 April,all,cc,请一定要有中文，Please be sure to have Chinese ，
,Recommended,269210,30383220,Posted: 7 March,all,polixstar,Very fun
76561198079918175,Not Recommended,269210,30420159,Posted: 9 March,all,DxStyles,"Bought the 4 pack to play with friends, can't join any multiplayer games (port is forwarded). Tries to sign in on 2nd day to try again, it won't let me login to multiplayer server, saids wrong password. I reset my password and it still doesn't work. This game is too buggy!!"
76561198013276858,Recommended,269210,30468269,Posted: 12 March,all,Scribblz,Came in thinking I'd 2-3 hours of fun gameplay.But oh boy was I wrong.
,Recommended,269210,11391039,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Henry-chan,"Buggy, but it has potential. Fun wave survival."
,Recommended,269210,15271778,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,א,Nice game but the voices are terrible
76561198069482655,Recommended,269210,11272134,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ryz_,I've got 13 hours of play time in one day... help me...
,Recommended,269210,14117939,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,i trip blind kids. 4.0,Doesnt Look like mutch at first but it is THE BEST and i mean THE BEST RougelikeGame EVAHHHHHHH
76561198124327022,Recommended,269210,24882402,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,有时梦醒,近战是捡来的系列，近战基本只能靠法术打，吸血效果不足以应对掉血，后期怪分分钟秒。远程亲儿子，DLC人物是爸爸，入了个亚马逊的DLC，发现毒的被动特别好用，前期初始职业各种难打，但是毒很轻松就能解决boss。巧用传送门，规避死亡。以及你要学会飞，还有坑爹的地刺。
,Recommended,269210,24935336,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Silencer,Very fun game :)
,Recommended,269210,14798067,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Slejer ॐ,Very good hack n slash so far .. :)
,Not Recommended,269210,23003246,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Happy Chicken Leg,"I was like:It's a boy's game!Then,after 69 minutes of playing,I said ""O♥♥♥♥♥♥waddup"" at da ayyliens that came to tell me that Harrow Siege it's♥♥♥♥♥♥Guess what:It really is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,269210,16530947,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Attila Fóris,MIssing mouse control. Diablo like game without mouse? On PC? It is a joke? Its ok on regular consoles or on android game consoles but not on PC. Not recommended because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC control...
,Recommended,269210,13626124,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Royal Guard,"The controls are easy to master, the characters to chose from are vibrant and fun to play as, and the pixel design is fantastic to look at. my only complaint is that the voice overs dont fith with the game. needs to be more polished."
76561198035746407,Not Recommended,269210,20237942,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Landorous,"This game sucks, the multiplayer does not work at all."
,Not Recommended,269210,30676961,Posted: 22 March,all,Chapel,Hell no. Dont pay money for this mobile game. Not finished and complete Pay to win.
,Not Recommended,269210,16752803,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,morgajel,"Currently my recommendation is no due to the lack of linux controller support. Once that's changed and I can actually play the game, I'll revisit this review."
,Recommended,269210,19248123,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Agent Kongdust,"I've only put about 10 hours into this game, but i really do enjoy casually playing it. Attacks feel and sound powerful, things explode, overall it's an enjoyable game to throw an hour or two into every here and there!"
76561198104671880,Recommended,269210,18464595,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,sophisticated,The best game ever. I love it so much
,Recommended,269210,18593042,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jesse,"Game is super straight forward, but also very addicting. It's fun solo, but it's a lot more fun if you play with friends in multiplayer, it is also pretty challenging which makes it much more fun.The downside is, that to play multiplayer someone has to port forward, which isn't hard.. but everytime I play with friends they always end up lagging at some point, my friends will complain about not seeing the enemy npcs, or not being able to see objects that fly towards them like arrows, so they don't know when to dodge them. I know it's a problem with my internet, even though my internet is fine, I really wish Hero Siege would host their own servers for people to play on so other players don't have to worry about lag like that.I'm not sure if there will be a feature in the future to prevent players for being forced to port forward, but I sure hope they think about adding it, because it's frustrating when my friends can't see any of the npc's due to lag.EDIT: I just read the recent hero siege update, and apparently they have a beta for a dedicated server in germany, and apparently they are planning to make one soon for the US too, so hopefully when they come out it'll fix all the lag issues for multiplayer! Yay, can't wait :)"
,Recommended,269210,21596852,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,GrungePunk,As a new player I haven't really seen what everybody is talking about with the mana system update sucking or what not. I have nothing previously to compare it to. As a title now with fresh eyes though it seems like a pretty cool game so far. Takes me back to my days playing Zombies Ate My Neighbors and SmashTV on SNES. If you enjoyed those games you'll probably enjoy this especially while it's on sale for so cheap.
76561198056768362,Recommended,269210,16360240,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tursake,AWESOOOOMEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,269210,19166651,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,| FN | Snoxu csgoroll.com,"This Game is Very Fun and I Would Recommend this to Anyone who loves retro type games! It has not only amazing graphics, but also a nice feel to the game. Despite having a few bugs, It is still a really good game to pick up for only $6. Not to mention how many hours of enjoyment you will get out of this game. The DLCs are great to anyone who loves this game. The Gameplay involves you going through countless waves to battle your way to victory! Level Up, and Set upon your Adventure now!"
,Not Recommended,269210,19360636,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sultan,Can't reccomend in it's buggy state. It WAS good though.
76561198165193819,Recommended,269210,15408809,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Phase,"Hello, Everyone, this is my first time reviewing a game, so I'm going to do this as well as I can.I enjoyed this game a lot, and I would recommend it, the 35 hours (so far) of playtime I got from it for 5 dollars (at the time) is totally worth it.Here are some reasons why:-Awesomely fun gameplay with great replayablity.-Classes that are unique in their own way.-Varying enemy types, abilities and skills that keep you on your toes.-Puzzles that range from extremely easy to many tries and you still keep accidently hitting the side of the block and messing it up.-Bosses that are crazy powerful and make your heart race as you might lose your level 19 Marksman in 1 hit.-Great soundtrack.-Amazing assortment of items that each have a special effect.-Interesting skill tree.Right as I bought this game, I also bought all the dlc, and that has been worth it too.So hype for the next DLC to come out, so I will get to play the new class and the new mode.Some downsides about this game have been:-Multiplayer is VERY hard due to having to share items, gold, and potions (but that's part of the fun in my opinion)-Some bosses are so bad that I have to struggle for way too long to kill them, or just die,-Getting 1 shot by nearly every boss, trap, or rare enemy in the game (again, I love a challenge, so this is part of the fun, but just a warning to people looking to buy)-Not that much customization as I would like. (Skill-wise, cosmetics I don't mind too much about, but they are there.)Overall an amazing game, and I would recommend it to everyone, there's a lot of reasons to love this game, and not too many things that hurt the game experience for me. I think it's GREAT to play alone or with friends.Enjoy exploring this game and all it has to offer! :)"
,Not Recommended,269210,16502184,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Aki,"*Choose the Pirate**Shoted at monsters**Bullets hits them, but cause no damage*WHAT?"
76561198036233434,Not Recommended,269210,16503194,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,hushicho,"I will say one thing I liked very much about this game: no permadeath. Thank goodness one developer can think for themselves and aren't just aping the thing umpteen others latched onto. I also liked the character designs and the customisations that you could put on them. The visual style is an appealing one, and the audio is also really great. The gameplay, however...when others have mentioned it's frustrating, they're not kidding. And it's not the kind of frustrating that really keeps you coming back, it's just annoying and, after a point, boring. The game boasts random, different levels, but I just got the same exact level over and over again, with no differences that I could detect. The bosses are cheap in a boring way, the experience is just...boring. It's boring and frustrating, which are two things that I don't look for in games.Maybe if I enjoyed this genre more, I'd really be into this one, but it doesn't make any impression but a bad one with me. I didn't want it to hold my hand, but it not only didn't hold my hand, it tossed me in with no explanations as to anything. While that can be fine for some, a lack of explanation on essential features like skills and powers really is inexcusable; all you have is an icon, which doesn't really illustrate what it's for. So setting skills is hit or miss...mostly miss, because you don't really know what's going to be useful.And speaking of hits, the hit detection in this game is really questionable. Oh, something's in your general vicinity! I guess it does damage to you. Oh wait, there's something random that appeared from nowhere! Guess you're dead, time to start the whole level over again. Oh, fun. I adore retreading well-tread paths. Especially when I've done it a dozen times before. But it doesn't really even make encounters exciting or fun, just irritating because you do not, in any way, have the ability to take on any and every foe, but of course they have the capability of steamrolling you, or at least whittling you down until you're so bored you either make a crucial error or just quit the game altogether.There's also attempts at 'bullet hell' type scenarios, which only artificially ramp up the game's difficulty, usually in an annoying way, and it doesn't really mesh well with the rest of the game. The whole experience seems to be a 'trying too hard' one desperately tossing in artificial ways of ramping up difficulty without actual thought given to how to make the game more fun and enjoyable. Because it's not. It's the opposite of fun.If you're into the dual-stick shooter type games, check it out. Maybe you'll enjoy it. But honestly I can't really recommend this to anyone. I paid basically $1 for it and I still regret it. This is just not a good or enjoyable game, and I can't see myself really ever coming back to it."
76561198073344902,Recommended,269210,13738417,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Silencer,Xbox One when ??? :)
76561197960568843,Recommended,269210,13666641,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,205 ! motionlotion,"This game is so frustrating, and yet I can't stop playing it.  Do not recommend for those not into masochism."
76561197993255516,Not Recommended,269210,13823197,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Geata,"Picked up during holiday sale when it was < $3. Also ended up grabbing the DLC for < $2 because it has the multiplayer. Its fun in that ""you could die any second game and all the progress is wasted"" way, but the bugs, crashes, errors, and lack of any defined direction limit the ability to enjoy the game to its best potential.Pros:*Concept is great.*Quite a few classes.*Monster abilities are basically ripped from Diablo down to the spinning laser sentry of doom, so if you are familiar with D3, you'll be familiar with what the enemies can do.*Relic system is a good implimentation.*Stationary sprite assets are well done.*Strategic planning and luring enemies into traps is a great idea.*Controls feel solid and responsive, even though your character moves painfully slow.Cons:*Moving sprites have maybe three or four frames of movement and look ridiculous when walking.*Only tutorial is a button layout when you enter the first world.*No explination on what the blue crystals are used for or how they are gained.*Minion shows up in menu, but actually isn't unless you bought with crystals.*Stats are terribly balanced. One stat point gives no recognized value. Its all about staying alive to hoard relics to give stat/ability bonus'.*Stat tree is lacking in variety.*No type of dash/dodge move that could greatly increase strategy and playability.*Only by trial and error will you remember which projectiles (enemy and ally) will randomly pass through walls or actually stop.*No way to know which traps actually hurt monsters or let them pass unharmed.*Relic list in Stats screen is broken and will often detail a different relic that the one selected.*Achievments in Sats screen don't unlock properly and have no details.*Multiplayer only available in the DLC and not base game.*Online play is in ""Early Alpha Testing"" which you ONLY find out when you enter the multiplayer lobby.*You have to create a 3rd party account to access Multiplayer.*Multiplayer crashes often.*Players in multiplayer will often ""desync"" from host and get killed by something only the host can see.*Players in multiplayer will randomly trade stats and even abilities from map to map. A samurai will have his Marksman ally's skills or vise versa.*Studio admits to having serverly underpowered servers that can't handle multiplayer.*You must manually create a port forward entry in your router to allow multiplayer.*Bosses can cheaply kill in one hit with no warning, such as the Tree with spinning skulls.*Dungeons/Crypts give zero room to move around bosses causing instant death in many occassions, such as with The Tree w/Spinning Skulls boss.*Feels much like an Early Access title that still has a lot of polish.Final thoughts: Good potential, but overwhelming bugs and cheap deaths by traps hidden by trees and bosses sour the experience. Characters need more fleshing out in both ability and stats. Multiplayer is a pipe dream right now and should be considered highway robery that you have to purchase ""DLC"" to even get it."
,Recommended,269210,13453173,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,_Kuubyy is amused,very nice game. bought  it yesterday and im full into it some times a little bit hard but still fair
76561198123085006,Recommended,269210,12972417,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,The Boulder,gg
,Recommended,269210,13243303,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Link,"This is one of the most awesome indie games I have ever played. It gets harder and harder and that is what makes it a challanging game. It is really fun. I would totally recommend you. Multiplayer is in alpha so it has a lot of problems but singleplayer is fun too. However, I found the normal price a bit high so I would recommend you to buy this in a sale."
,Recommended,269210,14987593,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,[ 1CENUKE ],this is a nice game its worth it
76561198195870647,Not Recommended,269210,17588684,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Cell Apoptosis,"Pros:Fun hack and slash actionEasy to replayCons:A skill tree does not an RPG makeStory is almost nothingFeels as if the vanilla game should've been polished more rather than DLC's being releasedTo be fair I have not yet tried the multiplayer, although I did look at every skill tree and didn't see any that suggested cooperative depth. The most dissapointing thing about the game is the unused potential. With some story or more strategy than walk and slash/shoot this game would be very good. Still it is cheap and it's always good to support the indie community, just don't be sad if you end up dissapointed at all."
,Not Recommended,269210,16400694,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Slice,This game would be fun with friends... Except friends can't join me.. it freezes. (yes ive port forwarded) and it worked on gmod and many other games and I did the same for this game and it doesn't work. Game would be really fun if multiplayer worked.
,Not Recommended,269210,16544757,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ethan john,"so i enjoyed this game playing as the necromancer and once i had died and was sick of it it hen went to try out other classes. i played each one and i am appauled because you cant even pass a boss battle because the classes are so unbalanced.-necromancer: good ranged attacks with minions to tank. 9/10-marksman: has a dud arrow every so often and also sometimes doesnt inflict damage when hitting something, weak and does no damage 3/10-pyromancer: you would think somthing with such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ main ability would make up for it with decently strong main          attacks 2/10-pirate: decent trap ability and weak attack 5/10-redneck: if you like roleplaying as someone who ♥♥♥♥s his sisters, be my guest-nomad& viking: you take every hit that is delt to you to the face, no dodging or else you cant hit anything -1/10if you're wanting to enjoy this game either pay 3-5 dollars for the pay to play characters or play necromancer.also the multiplayer doesnt work because you cant make an account they also werent smart enought to put a ""register button on their website. buy it when its on sale, its not worth the full amount."
,Recommended,269210,16507189,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MARSBot,"Best 1 bucks ever spent, took 3-4hours to clear normal but guess whut, 4-5 harder difficulty waiting o.o"
76561198041777129,Recommended,269210,14785693,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Wolfy217,This game is pretty great if you really like rogue games
76561198056692878,Not Recommended,269210,16368330,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Stripperino in pepperoni,"worst♥♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer ever. Had to hardreset router, search the admin passwords and portforward the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my router so i can actually host a god damn game. STILL AFTER THAT WE HAD TO DOWNLOAD HAMACHI SO WE CAN ACTUALLY PLAY WITH EACHOTHER. Multiplayer 0/5."
,Not Recommended,269210,16374108,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kim Jong Piggu,This garbage game doesn't work you can't beat it because someones game will crash before you can grind enough relics to be able to advance through the game.
76561197961364849,Not Recommended,269210,14209387,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Rodrigo,"Wasn't surprised with this game, not to mention that there is a very strong influence from Diablo (even the charm icon is the same as the Diablo 2 small charm)."
76561198058911966,Not Recommended,269210,14214679,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,The Lizard King,*yawn*
76561198046608134,Recommended,269210,19769116,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,KayJoyKats,Pretty fun game I say.
,Not Recommended,269210,20160417,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[StSv] Neth,"The instant some enemies on the second level (wave 7 to 12) can spawn a ground hazard that deals over 300 damage per tick, so basically one shots you, is where a game gets difficult. When champion versions can throw a widespread circle of the stuff, trapping you in a small area with even more of those enemies, is where a game goes from difficult to unfair.I've tried to enjoy it, but at this point its just an rngfest taken to a stupid level."
,Recommended,269210,21847637,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,sana ♥,"BOUGHT 4 PACK WHILE ON SALEA fun game with elements of just hack and slash running around, killing monsters and bossesReally enjoy playing with my friends alot, and recommend you to play with friends.The amount of classes is great, plus the random generation of maps are also interesting.Relics are also very fun to use, and some are completely troll.Potions are all RNG based, unless thosed named that have a given effect, and those which are bad really need to have a function to be thrown away.The only thing I suggest is to add more free Acts, instead of adding many DLCS, despite knowing that it is not really a profit making way.I also don't get about the mana update, it seems fun and normal in general.Final Score : 8/10"
76561198008289670,Recommended,269210,21863539,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,m_ikirt,"o.k.  I like the game.  It's reminisent of Gauntlet at its core.  Run around, kill things, kill spawn points, etc.  So fans of that type of game may like this one.  I only have two problems.  One: What's the point? At least Gauntlet has a bit of backstory as to why and what you're doing.  This one throws you in, and says ""kill things!""  Another problem I have, and while this is kind of minute, is the language.  I don't mind language in games (I play South Park for heaven's sake) but this is language for language's sake.  The foul mouth of the ""demon overlord"" or whatever kind of detracts from the game.  So, if you want hack and slash, at it's basic.  Here ya go.  You want story? Go somewhere else."
76561198121692813,Recommended,269210,28563013,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Goat Momma Toriel,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING, RPG GAME OF THE MONTH ATLEAST"
,Not Recommended,269210,16625660,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Your mama,GAME IS BROKEN IN SO MANY POINTS!!THIS GAME IS STILL IN BETA!!CAUTION!
,Recommended,269210,21784776,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,「」✔「」 Patatakias2#17,"Its a very good game and why is that?...Well is bc the developers did a very great job, i played this game with friends and i recommend it to play it even when the multiplayer sucks xDD. You can spend time killing monsters or dying out for blue stupid lazers and you will rage quit xD and then you will play again from the start until you win all the waves. c:11/10 I'm Done.(You may have to buy dlc too bc some of the classes is with dlc c: )"
,Recommended,269210,21787379,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,mona hlíza,good game
76561197977275837,Recommended,269210,21856560,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ZeFish,Can't stop playing... has just enough depth but still arcade enough to advance even with only small amount of time to put into. It's like a mini diablo.
76561198082300410,Recommended,269210,21779296,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Zadrak,Great game not a boring moment!
,Recommended,269210,28572105,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fotiuca,I like it
76561198143885559,Recommended,269210,16452378,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tenacious C,
76561198069820335,Recommended,269210,23210478,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,willzera,"Its a really interesting and fun game to enjoy it, be it alone or with friends ^^"
,Not Recommended,269210,23801472,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kask,"If you intent to play online multiplayer, don't buy. If you play single / local coop, buy. Play with the contoller.Promising game but it is sad to see that 2014 released game has still so many problems. Has many bugs, especially with online multiplayer. It seems like UI is designed to work with the controller, mouse+keyboard support is poor (takes a while to get used to. For example, 'ESC' key doesn't go back/close window as in almost all other games but 'G' does). If bugs and sync problems doesn't get your hair gray (or you play mostly singleplayer/local coop), you should definitely buy and give it a try.[PROS]- Funny skills, voices.- Seems to have hours of content even if you rush.- Enemies spawn in waves - and you can spawn more waves whenever you want if it is too easy.- Some enemies has pretty hard to avoid skills. You need to keep eyes open.- Dungeons has puzzles which need to be solved to get past.- I like art a lot.[CONS]- Keyboard + mouse support is so sad (especially with the UI). Play with controller.- Inventory system is bit hard to get at first. Might be more controller friendly.- Controllers has sticks, why 4 diag shooting instead of free mode or even 8 diag? Enemies can shoot where ever they want..- Public and P2P server sync problems. Dungeon puzzles, skills, mana.. P2P worked better but had still sync problems.- Enemies spawned on top of you while in dungeon. Sometimes result is instant death.- Some skills you find at dungeon seems to be completely useless. Can't remember any names but for example one which recolored you to red and did nothing else. I wish there would be some tip window which explains what they do.Please fix the online part, make UI to work better with keyboard + mouse and tune the enemy spawn logic in dungeons and this is a 5/5 game."
76561197989405873,Recommended,269210,23802955,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,robertmsrs,This game is so great i cant stop playing it. it's only 59 cents on summer sale. worth every penny. If you like hack and slash rpg's must buy it.
,Recommended,269210,21669098,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,weaponLITE,"Cool game, i love multiplayer it's soo fun."
,Not Recommended,269210,19373625,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Onion Knight,So bugged as to be unplayable. Literally the most bugs I've ever seen in a game. Shameful.
76561198116598574,Recommended,269210,22934343,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Loldog97,it wont worke on my windows 10 pc and i have alot of space and it wont start up it only runs and then it sync and wont start up ? how can i fix it...?
,Recommended,269210,22934371,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,-8Bits R 'Nuff-,This game is surprisingly awesome.
,Recommended,269210,11369508,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ottoson,Fun game. just Alot of bugs
76561198136516138,Recommended,269210,11385183,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sohwagi,"For anyone who enjoys DIablo, this is pretty much an indie version."
,Recommended,269210,16044638,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198073374138,Recommended,269210,10648968,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,toansta,such an addictive game for a low price! would be nice to somehow store the gathered relics instead of losing them all when you die :/otherwise this game is worth the money
,Recommended,269210,10729927,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Saizken,Well how shall I put it? I bought this game for some casual brain dead killing time and this game succeeded in entertaining me.
,Recommended,269210,10801975,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GhettoDubSteppa,"Great game! Super addictive. Super fun. Super hard. Think The Binding of Isaac meets Torchlight (kind of). I bought this on sale, but it's derfinitely worth full price!"
,Recommended,269210,11278457,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ultimate Salesman,This game is a cool hack and slash that is fun to play co op. they are coming out with a online multi player so that should be good. defiantly worth 1.49 wheile its on sale but the 10 dollar price tag is a bit high but if you want i would wait for it to go on sale
,Recommended,269210,11307375,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,a fast boy,This is a great game. I remember first playing it on my smartphone and having a blast! But now that its on PC! Amazing. essentially you fight wave after wave of monsters slowly progressing through the game untill the final boss. Only this i wish was that the online wasnt paid DLC. overall rating 8.5/10 (9.5/10 if online was free)
,Recommended,269210,11314519,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Alkharest,"At first, I thought this game was going to be a rpg-type 8bit Diablo game, but it has some different features. It has the rogue-like feel to it and it has permadeath, but you keep your characters level,stats, and skills. Each and every wave becomes difficult and is very challenging. This game is pretty fun once you get used to the controls and the different classes are great to play. Personally, i like using the Nomad, Marksman, and Necromancer."
76561198064465472,Recommended,269210,11323202,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,GnomeSmurf,Really good. like binding of issac with a rpg twist. All the classes are fun and play different. and the dlc is worth it. this game is worth it.
,Recommended,269210,11371481,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Lynx,"When you open up Hero Siege you get what you see. A very basic but unigue 2D rougelike game. The amount of different varations that the game can throw at you makes for an addicating and appealing replay value. As a personal favorite of this game is the difficulty, most think you can just walk in and beat it, but its not so easy. The only CON of this game is that its an alpha, so yes people everything is not perfect..... cause its not done."
,Recommended,269210,11384762,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[CVG] Aida,Very very fun game. Love the mechanicsand how nearly impossible the bosses are. Highly recommended if you like to play local co-op with your friends. I love it.!
,Recommended,269210,11247801,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,laponte,"addicting game, really recommended"
,Recommended,269210,11309456,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Wilson Tong,Great game!! A must have!
,Recommended,269210,11355645,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DoBetter,"Feels like a diablo 2-D , i was hoping that would give me a different RPG , but doesnt acomplish that , voice work its just trashy , the game after a time becomes repetitve , the screen becomes filled with projectiles ( Yours and enemies) which is annoying , RANGED RESISTANCE MEANS RANGED IMUNITY , Some classes like Pirate , is kinda of useless with the Necro + hunter , not worth 10$ , in a range of 5$ you should get it , can make you lose some time and rage a bit."
,Recommended,269210,11357906,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,PandaGamin hellcase.com,Great Game. Really Fun!
76561198057009009,Recommended,269210,11385684,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,scooterballs,very fun game love it just wish that there was a way to see the unique item after getting them in the main menu and should say what they do
76561198079443991,Recommended,269210,21354826,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kirsten,its ok takes hours to get a good run
76561198052502030,Recommended,269210,19410873,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lavacrush,"Game developers made a spawn outfit for the Demonspawn class. 10/10, would hack n' slash again."
,Recommended,269210,24050500,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tea,Amazing game
,Recommended,269210,12170298,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SneakyPhil,The redneck is ridiculously powerful with his molotov.
76561197976153370,Recommended,269210,10568563,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Psyhcotic Twiddle,"Fun little game to kill time on, although if you are looking for a deep game look else where.As I said, fun little game to kill time on with cool character classes and cool skill trees but all pretty much straightforward. Run away from monsters. Kill monsters. Level up to kill monsters. Get lots of gold.Would I recommend? Yes for time killing, or while talking to the other half."
76561198043286529,Recommended,269210,11236508,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,justintime4u2bu,"This is a really cool game, i got it on sale for $1.49 and was definitley worth. There are some really cool bosses and enemies in this game, it's a low price, and theres quite a lot to do.I rate it 9/10 crystals."
,Recommended,269210,11242398,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,DangerBoy,great time killer.  If you're into rouge like top down slaughter games with smash tv controls you'll enjoy this.
,Recommended,269210,11250663,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,κмc | ıcεɔʟıғε |,not bad
76561197976390402,Recommended,269210,11269777,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Crackers,fun game for a while
76561198141686154,Recommended,269210,11276769,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Anthony,"In  my honest opinion its a great game,I just cant wait for the multiplayer to come out so me and my brothers can play."
76561198003545935,Recommended,269210,11288720,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Salamanderhead,Good game.  I can't figure out what gold is for though. Anyone know?
,Recommended,269210,11290392,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,gargyo,Lots of things happen.
,Recommended,269210,11292501,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,tunari13,Very nice game : )
76561198084845693,Recommended,269210,11350413,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Pigheadedpizza,you have to pay an extra 2.99 to get the full game indirect advertising at its finest
,Recommended,269210,20723652,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Free2Pray,"Once I got into it (Got lost in town for awhile) it was an amazing game, felt like Diablo gameplay with more available classes and random dungeons. Very fun.However I did not get a chance to spend my gold so not sure what that's for there should be a potion shop in town maybe?Great game would highly recommend it for afew hours which is why it is perfect for the F2P gamer, there are cosmetic's too but I did not bother with those P2P elements."
,Recommended,269210,20729887,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,YoshiBoy023,I actually find this game pretty good even with the updates.
76561198045244712,Recommended,269210,20739934,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,"The 10,000 Year Old King","Yeah, I just posted a good review post Mana-Update, sue me.But to be frank, I can see why alot of fans are upset about the Mana update. It wrecked ALOT of people's characters due to the new mana stat, causing their skills to be rendered useless. And yes, the new inventory is sloppy, and poses problems.But you also need to know that the devs are still working on this game, unlike Loadout. Maybe they will stop later, or something, I dunno, but at the moment, they are definetly still around working on the game. I mean they posted something on the 22nd, it's not like their last post was 2 years ago.The game itself is fun. You have a bunch of classes to pick from, each has their own skills, you can give them a cute little hat and name them suger♥♥♥♥♥♥if you want. You run around a big plane with a few obsticals, and you have to kill wave after wave of monsters, and fight a boss at the 6th wave.There are problems, like the many insta death hazards (acid mucas and spikey bouncy balls of death), and the inventory is clunky, but besides that, at least in my opinion, it's still a fun game.Just be warned, don't grow too attached to your character. Updates in this game can easily ruin them. I'm one of the few people who don't mind this, and are just happy to watch as bosses are eaten alive by my skeletons and demonic arm babys. I'm sure there are people really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that their level 80 character was ruined by the mana update, but to me, this just isn't the type of game to get attached to a character you've been building up. But really, this game thrives on Rogue-Like elements, while also letting you build up a character. When you die, you lose all temporary stat changes, and relics you found, rendering you to a soft weakling with only your base stats to defend yourself.But that's also a part of the beauty of this game, when a character's stats are lost, ore lost entirely, just build back up again! The leveling is fun and diverse, and there's enough classes to try something new if you're sick of always playing as the same class.If you're new, you might wanna buy it. I mean it's six bucks, what do you really have to lose? Three bags of Lemonheads? It's a fun game, all things considered! Burning sh*t, poison, playing as a flying pygmy demon from hell, if you like RPG's, you might like this.... Also I've never did the multiplayer, mostly cause I didn't want to make an account on some website, but I hear it's broken to f*ck.... So yeah.... Also the voice acting isn't great...Overall, 6.5/10, could use alot of improvment, but still a fun game in the end."
76561198039331475,Recommended,269210,20881696,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Styku,"If Diablo and The Binding of Isaac had kids, Hero Siege could easily be one of them.Perfect for casual playing, lots of fun for all fans of hack'n'slashes.The game is fun to play, it's not exceptionally hard, but at times demands a little more attention. One of the greatest flaws is little variety in combat system. Only few active skills and an active item get borring pretty quickly. The other major bummer is the strange difficulty. Normally, the game is not difficult at all - I got past most of the levels by triggering all of the waves at once and exterminating everything simultaneously, with no troubles at all. But then, from time to time, there happens to be a mob that kills me in a manner of miliseconds. And it's not even a boss, just a champion or some magic monster with modifiers. And Bosses, for that matter, are one of the easiest encounters in this game."
,Recommended,269210,20104512,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,sasuke tey tey,"Maneirinho, quem gostou da série de DIABLO vai amar!! sz"
76561198010375826,Not Recommended,269210,31881921,Posted: 21 May,all,Dogemeat,Turd Sandwich
76561198171823789,Recommended,269210,33156781,Posted: 2 July,all,I Miss Sometimes,Its cheap and fun boy this game.
76561198119369910,Recommended,269210,32639313,Posted: 22 June,all,Kachigga mah nigga,Very good indie roguelike!!!
76561198064206605,Recommended,269210,32658895,Posted: 22 June,all,OdinDude,It's an okay game. I would recommend using a controller.
76561198139868883,Not Recommended,269210,30396459,Posted: 8 March,all,Carrot,"Barely worth the 59 cents, I suppose it has potential but it has pay to win microtransactions IN A GAME YOU ALREADY PAY FOR. I would refund it but hell it was only 59 cents."
76561198026025114,Not Recommended,269210,30445788,Posted: 11 March,all,CaptainCocopuff,"Shallow hack and slash with lots of bugs and very simple mechanics. Good time-waster, but no more"
76561198134135233,Recommended,269210,32639437,Posted: 22 June,all,ottoman empire,"its a very very good game for me,i enjoyed it very much,but my English is not good,so please translate this good game into Chinese.这对我来说是一个很好玩的游戏，我十分喜欢它，但我的英语不是很好，所以请官方为这款游戏汉化，谢谢。"
76561198363516735,Recommended,269210,30414148,Posted: 9 March,all,Jelybeanns,How do i unlock the classes for this game? like i want the sameri and the demon lord and all that?also very fun game! knock off of Diablo but with a twist!
,Not Recommended,269210,30416066,Posted: 9 March,all,Sigurd,"You move faster when moving in diagonal directions, and it's made in Game Maker (easy to within there I figure). What more is there to say? There's countless other issues too, but from that proof of laziness I wouldn't touch this with a ten foot pole."
76561198065087040,Not Recommended,269210,23810285,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Arazie,"This game has a lot of bugs. Talking to the mayor causes the game to crash, as well as others.Though the game is cheap it is a dissapointment because it may not even be worth the dollar I paid.The co-op option is problematic with loot not being shared or visable to the other player."
76561198265006038,Recommended,269210,21738567,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,GroovyOmnivore1,This game is so fun. It can take up your day.  999/10
76561198088605512,Recommended,269210,21729181,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ivar,"IT IS LIKE BINDING OF ISAC, BUT A LITTLE BIT♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,269210,22926278,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,:^),quite fun
,Recommended,269210,28710782,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Meow              Farmskins.com,"We need Chinese, machine translation can also"
76561198127737749,Recommended,269210,25858254,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,deadnightwarrior,"This game is awesome, basically an retro Diablo 2. Worth the buy."
,Recommended,269210,22933086,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Neon Tetris,This is a good game and it is fun to Record it check out my channel right herehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmYiVnFNcnNEloAq2m97FQA
,Recommended,269210,17364034,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,wkurwiles golema,Best game ever!
,Not Recommended,269210,16860498,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Itohiro,"Good game. Pretty fun to play with friends, but it can get frustrating, as it still has a LOT of major bugs. Characters are unballanced.Update: They've made the game unpleasant to play with the mana system. Now it is more frustrating than fun. Besides, it is extremelly laggy when a new wave starts, which can easily make you die."
,Recommended,269210,24063584,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,audubon,bacana
76561198014459057,Recommended,269210,24065463,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,gzozi,Playable.
76561198047035752,Recommended,269210,20285679,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Butcherbird,"REVIEW BASED ON SOLO PLAY ONLY.Highly recommended. Purchased for Xmas 2015. For less than a dollar, and one of my better game purchases of the year.For my 89 cents, I got like five different classes. I can unlock the other five or so if I buy the DLCs, and maybe I will. In the meantime, I've already had 20 hours of fun and I'm only halfway through.Gameplay is how I imagine Diablo 1 would be as an arcade game. You level up your character type with goofy skills, like a pirate shoots huge cannonballs and her capstone skill is a stupid parrot that kills monsters. You level up by clearing maps using W, A, S, D for movement and arrow keys for attack direction, spam spam spamitty. There are (dangerous) side dungeons with monsters, traps, and puzzles of the ""step here and here"" or ""slide these pillars"" varities.You keep skills and items on character death, but your relics, which can be insanely OP, are lost. When I say OP, I mean OP, too, like I had a crown relic that multiplied my damage by 100. So death does sting a bit, and if you're into being a true PC Masturacer, there's a hardcore mode on top of about 5 difficulty levels with names like ""Agony"" and ""Nightmare"". I wouldn't recommend it, though, as the difficulty spikes considerably and without warning. I've been one-shot or close to it many times.To go with those spikes, there are other cons to Hero Siege. It's not stable, for one thing. It crashes each time I quit the game, for example, and crashed my computer once. The UI, while efficient enough, is clumsy for me and I didn't find the option to change the key layout when I went looking. And while the character design (including abilities/weapons as well as appearance) is cool, the maps get repetitive and dull-looking.Overall, Hero Siege has a great game formula and I hope to get at least another 20 hours of amusement out of it, making  my expediture an hour 2.2 cents. I know I'm harping on the price, just seems like other reviewers are expecting too much for what this game costs."
,Recommended,269210,20311350,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[RK!!]*Faith-K32,"When game is going full retard,you can only go with it.If you start going againts it,if you start going half retard,you're ♥♥♥♥ing done for.-Johan ""N0tail"" Sundstein"
,Recommended,269210,20612327,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,RandyZie,fun time waster
76561197972680263,Recommended,269210,20779224,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,OnTheonelyRoad,"Great game, but know what your getting. I have about 50 hours in this at time of writing."
,Recommended,269210,20292077,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Vokster,"Great game, enjoying it plenty so far. Only issue at the moment is bosses die in less than a second. Hopefully this will change as I get to higher difficulties.Certainly worth the price it is currently though."
76561198072253081,Recommended,269210,20315085,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chance's our your mooted,"Does this game have bugs you can abuse?  Yes.Does it have other bugs?  Yes.Is the item drop system absurd?  Yes.Will purple slime kill you instantaneously no matter how high-leveled, item-elited, and relic-ravished you are?  Yes.Is this, among other things, frustrating?  Yes.Does it borrow/steal most of its ideas from other games, such as Diablo?  Yes.Does it have Deckard Cain?  No.Is it Diablo-esque?  No.Is it a twin-stick, rogue-like, RPG inspired, arena game with dungeons?  Closer.Is local co-op fun?  Yes.Is the voice acting and sound done with a $2 microphone?  Most likely.Do some sound effects irritate your girlfriend and result in playing in silence?  Yes.Can your 10 year-old daughter draw better graphics?  Most likely.For a $2 game on sale, was it all worth it and would you do it again?  Absolutely."
76561198053078357,Recommended,269210,20351092,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Shiro,"Amazing game with great replayability.The game offers a lot of fun, alongside of it being very hard and complex.The mechanics are insanely difficult to handle for the most part, but the game can be easy enough, if you don't skip through all the waves at once ^^."
76561198195847923,Recommended,269210,20648003,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Hellscream,Awesome and entertaining game with tons of content.
76561198178597403,Recommended,269210,20656040,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,nͫiͤcͫeͤ,This game is extremely fun with your friends. I guess the only downside is you will have to port forward to host a multiplayer game. But when you're server is up let the action begin. #IRektAsARedNeckJason
76561198100068343,Recommended,269210,18789465,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,HowToChoose,I really like this game and if you want to buy this game you should but there is one thing that bother me is that the game cant handle a lot of stuff when you become really OP the game crashes but you need to have 50% of the items or more for the game to crashFinal score 7.5/10
76561198056803805,Recommended,269210,20301123,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pavlov's dog?,"Great game, a lovely 2D hack and slash styled game that makes for a great time waster quickly playing as well as sitting down to play it properly with tons of classes to play."
,Recommended,269210,20335228,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Alexander Gremory,"Do you remember Realm of the Mad God? This a better version of that with a highly upgraded combat system. The only real problem you will have with this game is that your character moves extremely slow. If you hate Realm of the Mad God then save your money and don't buy this, ROTMD is free so go try that out and see if you will enjoy this yourself.TypeScoreArt4Gameplay4Sound2Replay5"
,Recommended,269210,20612972,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,King Koy,"Buy when its onsale, overall fun game and can't wait for the NA servers"
,Recommended,269210,20615537,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Verisar,"A very, very customizable game. If you love farming for hours to become a god this is a game for you.Pros:-Tons of time to waste-Great exspanse on character creation IE Skill wise-great visuals for the game type compared to others like itCons:-You will die, alot-one shot after farming for hours"
,Recommended,269210,20673732,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[KRIG] Dusty,"I have seen alot of bad reviews for this game, and I disagree. For under 5£ I think this is a great game! I see players who dont get good loot without DLC's, but i had no problem with that. Just spent 2 hours on one run, got some great gear, got farer into the game with a lower level character then my previous one did during 4 hours of playtime. I haven't encounterd any bugs so far (haven't tried the multiplayer tho), and I am overall pleased with this game.If you like similar games (binding of isaac, rogue legacy and so on) I say buy it! Especially if its on sale! You get your moneys worth out of it!(I have to say tho, I don't like the mana system, and the inventory thingy is crappy to navigate)"
76561198236667108,Recommended,269210,20665609,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,GingerPop CSGO-SKINS.COM,cool game
,Recommended,269210,20699965,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Xadios,I love this game <3
76561198133512012,Recommended,269210,20707634,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,neshavok,"love this game. it took a while to get to the level i needed in order to unlock to second portal but after I got it I was happy. it takes about 40 levels to unlock each portal but the more you level up the easier the game gets with increase in power to your character. the one thing I don't like is the lack of crystal keys found. I played this game for days , yes days.... and only found one crystal key and the loot wasn't that great...."
76561198040445146,Recommended,269210,20709961,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,kaldausorakle,"This game has really grown on me. I dont like that you lose all of your relics when you die and in the beginning this can be really really frustrating, however after awhile it really makes the game so much more intense and since you keep your xp and your items other than relics it isnt as bad as it first seems. I must say I have gotten really upset when I have worked a while to get a super bad♥♥♥♥♥collection of relics and end up dying from something I never saw coming but since it doesnt take to long before you can get things going agian it is really more of a darn moment than a F*&king moment. Eventually you just have to get to laugh at the absurdity of it all. It is very fun to play and has a HUGE assortment of classes and skills and an even larger selection of weapons items and relics. It is one of those games that is easy to learn but almost impossible to master. It has aspects of RPG, action, dungeon crawler, loot gathering, and while it can be an unforgiving game at times, its not so unforgiving that you rage quit. I hate games like dark souls and when I first started playing I was worried that this game was like that punishing difficulty for no other reason than to frustrate but that is not the case. whimsical and funny yet also deadly serious. It is a paradox in many wonderful ways that ends up creating a wonderfully great game Highly recommended."
,Recommended,269210,20715013,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,JakeWells,"If you want to play a game about waves of  monsters that throw items, buy items and also to raise your level and difficulty, this is your game.I know that some of the people that buy this game hate the updates that came, like the mana for example, but i like it so, if you give it a tried and you like what i said before, for sure your gonna love it like me."
76561198272051360,Recommended,269210,30488292,Posted: 13 March,all,BeatsOfProgeny,"To be honest, I only grabbed this game when it had a 90% discount, however, this is truly a fantastic game. This game is definitely worth the money... and extremely addicitive. I only got it 2 days ago, and have already invested a lot of time into it, at least I think so. If you're one for a game like Diablo but also loves pixel art, this game is right up your ally. If I were you, I would great it. Enjoy!! :)"
76561198075485357,Recommended,269210,25863595,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Tow Mater,"Hero Siege in a nutshell.Opens up game.Picks Archer.realizes you can only shoot four ways.Keeps missing enemies.Gets to level 10.Gets to Act V.Dies over 20 times.Finally gets to gurag.... Dies again...An hour later.Finally beats gurag and moves on..Gets decent gear and good stats.Gets to the Reaper.Wins.Gets to level 30.Rekts Anubis with ease..Gets to level 40.Rekts Damien.Gets to level 60.Buys a DLC.Beats it.Buys another DLCBeats it.Buys one more DLC.Beats it.Achieves level 150.Starts up a new character on multiplayer.Chooses Viking.Dies.Dies.Dies.20 Deaths later finally realizes how to use.Gets to act V and fights Gurag.Dies.Gets good gear.Tries to meet up with team to help lvl.Every one just ignores..Tries to meet up with team to help lvl.. AgainSomeone responds..Says ""No""After 3 hours gets to level 70.They still say they wont help me level.Finally gets to level 130.They still say no.Finally gets friends (in real life) to play with himAchieves greatness.20/10 would get rejected again."
,Recommended,269210,15740324,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Miggarapo,Stickman Steve on duty. My stick is ready!
76561197995285816,Not Recommended,269210,17211674,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,CGamer,Bought this for the local co-op. Why would you ever sell a 4-player co-op game with local co-op advertised and not mention that only 2 players can play locally?
76561198088161846,Recommended,269210,14086157,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,😈JødeFaen!!!!!!!!😈,It is a really awesome game it is like The Binding of Isaac just hella much better
,Recommended,269210,24437440,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,This is a Load of Barnacles,Phenonmenal multiplayer service...
76561198272348889,Recommended,269210,24013698,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[OhMega]TJ,<3 I love this game and its only 47p plus u get the trading cards that u can sell and after that all that it baisicly costis is 20p so all i really have to say is that it is the best 20p i've spent
,Recommended,269210,29323031,Posted: 17 January,all,That Guy,Honestly desgusted... this is a scam. If you are on a mac dont even bother. Whenever you try to launch the game it says that it quit unexpectedly and doesnt launch even though stem says it is running. (Revised) I see now that this is unfixable by the devs because the gamemaker version is not compatable with OSX Sierra. I am sorry for sounding so sure but soon it may be playable. If you have a mac check for OSX Sierra as i said before purchasing and if you have Sierra and would like to purchase and have Sierra keep this on your wishlist because it looks like a good game and i would hate for it to be thrown to the side because of something the devs cant change.
,Recommended,269210,30536371,Posted: 15 March,all,Canadian.exe,"Hero Siege is an extremely fun game that can be very fun to play with friends, its cheap on sale, although, its slightly short without DLC.For a 3 man developer team the game has an amazing feel to it, even if it is extremely buggy. Sometimes the game can be buggy to the point where its unplayable and you miss out on loot.Overall the game is still amazing and i would definately reccomend getting it, mostly if its on sale."
