user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198076495316,Recommended,269250,12604305,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,newageofpower,"My god. My heart after playing this game. This is coming from a man who has watched & played multiple Urobochi works.The story is about a kid who is attempting to enact his dream - to explore Mars - through rapid accumulation of wealth utilizing the stock market. At age 16 he ran away from home, earned 1,000 mools (appears to have 1/1 exchange rate with USD) working, then multiplied it to 72,000 mools through margin trading.While starting off slow - perhaps even painfully so, the story moves towards a powerful, deeply moving (and terrible) conclusion. I don't want to spoil more, so I'll end by saying World's End Economica (in Volume 1, at least) is the definition of the Linear VN archtype, unlike Fate/Stay Night you don't even get to make choices.For those who want some action in their VN, Sunrider (a free game, and on Steam) plays very much like Fire Emblem with a dash of Mass Effect style morality choices.Although I am recommending World's End Economica, it is emotionally traumatizing. Definitely not for everyone."
76561198052214296,Recommended,269250,10031762,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,aquapendulum,"NOTE: This review will only cover episode 01 and therefore contains no spoiler of later episodes. Spoiler of episode 01 is not guaranteed. This review is written from my experience playing the first English version of the game and after a quick technical test of the Steam version.Quick story summary: In the far future, the Moon has been conquered and turned into a self-sustained colony. It quickly gathered wealth and became a capitalist haven. Haru/Hal wants to get rich quick in this Luna colony, so he does so by gaming the system through stock market trading, Episode 01 of this game follows his teenage years, accumulating his first successes at stock trading.My view: The premise may make you think this story is gonna be like a boring Wall Street Journal article, but it really is not. This is really a drama. The game spends a lot more time with the relationships between Hal and the people around him, how they live their poor lives outside the center of wealth of the world, how capitalism affect their lives, how the pressure of a materialistic society pushes them into dark corners, and how the dream to get rich made Hal cynical of his circumstance. This is less Capitalism: A Love Story and more Wall Street (the Oliver Stone movie).I like the character development a lot, although the game takes its time to play this out. I like the relationship between Hal and Hagana, they started out with a misunderstanding (to the point of physical violence) and remained hostile toward each other in the first part of the game. But as it goes along, both of them slowly softens up to each other, and it's pleasant to see this gradual shift in their relationship. I like how beneath the surface, our protagonist is not really greedy as the capitalist bosses that he resents so much. He actually has a noble purpose by getting rich which is revealed in the last part of episode 01. To many, money is their goal, to Hal, money is a tool to serve his higher purpose. I like Lisa and how she acted like a mother/older sister figure to the protagonist. I even like the money lender Toyama in this game, the game portrayed him as less of an one-dimensional loan shark, and more as just another victim of capitalism.Another thing this game really succeeded at is how it engages you into stock market trading, which should have been dry and boring. Even if you don't understand any financial terms, the game explained all of them  in a layman's language, from the basic terms to advanced trading and analyzing technique. And it goes really deep, explaining how the market is influenced, how the stock numbers form a pattern and how the common mentality is taken advantage of (the mentality to always bid at 10-rounded price marks, for instance). This game made me really get it, that thrill of trading stocks and taking risks that might give a big payoff. This is why people are obsessed with stock trading, I really get it now.Yet despite indulging in the stock market theme, this game does not glamorize it. This is ultimately a cynical social commentary about capitalism. We have all seen this before in real life. The stock market ruins as much lives as the lives it paid off big. In this game, it ruins not only lives, but relationships as well. Without spoiling the specifics, episode 01 ends on a bitter note, prompting the next phase in Hal's life in his adult years in episode 02.Graphics: The game runs in glorious 720p resolution by default, but you can resize the the window of the game on smaller screens. As a result, art assets in the game are made in native 1280x720 resolution. The backgrounds benefit from this the most. They look gorgeous, especially the views of Newton City, it's as much of a sight to behold as the narrative described it to be. There is not much variety in the scenes so you will end up getting the same backgrounds a lot of time, but considering this is an independent game, it's still quite impressive. The character sprites look okay if a bit lacking in poses, but they have some weird pencil sketch lines on their neck shadows. If you're bothered by this, do be noted that episode 02 onward no longer have these weird pencil sketches.Audio: There is no voice acting. The soundtrack have some scifi bleeps mixed in here and there. For the rest of the time, they are mostly calming and not very memorable.Technical report: I'll be commenting on technical aspects of this particular version in this segment. This is the 2nd English version of the game. And here are the differences:- Config menu and pop-up messages in the first English version was in Japanese. The whole interface is now in English.- The game now allows you to pick a much wider range of text font.The default font (Times New Roman) looks quite unpleasant. I recommend  the fontFlamencofor this game, it looks really nice.- The original version had some game crashing bugs that occur when you open the About window or try to play a track in the music mode. Also, the gallery and the music mode are bugged in the original version (no images and tracks unlocked when you finished the game). All of these bugs have been fixed in this version.- A slightly new translation. I can't comment on the translation quality, but I can only hope it would be better then the first English script. My experience of the game was from before it received a translation patch and an edit pass by sekaiproject.Also do note that the game is bilingual. The original Japanese script is included, a great resource for language students.Early Access status: Steam integration is incomplete. Steam overlay is not working in windowed mode right now and features like Screenshot is not working either.Release version status: Not much different from the Early Access version. The same issues are still here and the game still uses the same engine. A bit disappointing, but at least the meat of the game is still intact.I hope my review helps you making a decision whether to purchase this game."
76561197984018275,Recommended,269250,10138628,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,[RF]Nordace,"World End Economica. Is a visual novel. And by that, the type of linear, no-choice novel. It is by all practical means a book. A digital book with music and linear storyline.If you thought you'd get to play your hands on the stock exchange, or remembering the words:""The first rule: Never take a loss.The second rule: Never forget the first.""Then you'll be disappointed, there are no ""Choices"" for you to make.So why do I recommend this?Story - In keeping with Hasekura's arguably more famous work of Spice and Wolf which is a series of books and manga I wholeheartedly would recommend to you, the reader. It's as it says on the tin, about economy.But in all the numbers and logics, there's a story. And what a story! It's in this sense, not a game. It is a story, a well-built story with its natural plot twists and moments where you'd want to cheer, and moments you'd be stuck in a well of sympathy or spite depending on your own evaluation.Music - It's got music, and to me i do feel it quite surely fits to the whole setting. Sound really makes a scene deeper, if the music is quite right. This one Is just that. Quite right.Graphics and visuals - As to be expected, there's CGI's which themselves are quite well made. The general playing scenes might be described as if ever so slightly bland. Stemming from the fact that the characters themselves seem a bit bereft of emotions for reasons i'll let you discover yourselves.It is a book, and a quite fine book.But as a game, no it's not so much a game, there's no interaction you do as the ""player"" You are the reader, so in this sense, advertising as a game might be misleading. But nontheless. I do recommend this game to you all, for those rainy days when you'd get a headache playing RTS or FPS games, don't feel like going outside, and just want to sit back and, read something. Good."
,Recommended,269250,14200204,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheManko,"This is easily one of the best visual novels I’ve played on Steam so far. Make no mistake though, it’s aimed at a tiny audience. The protagonist is a stock investor, and the writer went out of his way to make it authentic. It’s to the point where I imagine sections of the story will be impenetrable for those who haven’t read a course or two of economics. Terms like “short selling” are used without more than the briefest explanation.It does a good job of portraying not just the appeal of the stock market, but also the absurdity, and the risks involved with it. Folks with modest aspirations have their dreams smashed by people in ivory towers, who view the economy as a game. The story conveys how stock trade happens, without dumbing it down in any way. Here’s where I think it’ll lose much of the audience. At the same time the story attempts to create a human connection to the people on the street. Those who just live their lives, making a meager wage, who have to go into debt just to pay for education and healthcare. It walked a precarious balance here. The two parts worked for me, but I’ve seen reviews that don’t agree at all. It revels in trading with such detail, that I can see all attachment being lost with many in the audience.When I saw this was “Episode 1” I expected it to be 3-4 hours long or something. But instead it was around 8 hours long. It’s a complete story arc which stands on its own legs. I played it all in a single sitting without feeling the need to stop, which I can only take as a good sign. All the various story threads have good pay-offs in the end, and I felt the tug of wanting to see what happens next. My only problems with it were in the production values. The backgrounds were outstanding, and the music was good. But the engine was behaving strangely. The UI is way too big, and it often looped music incorrectly, and many image transitions were messed up. Apparently this was ported from one engine to another to allow cross platform support. Wouldn’t surprise me if this is the culprit, and that nobody has the will to patch it, as I’d guess it’s at least a hundred little polish problems littered across the game. These polishing issues didn’t ruin it for me or anything.I’m impressed at the effort the author put into this. This was not aimed at a general audience. It’s definitely one of those stories that was written with no regard to mass market appeal at all. And that’s what makes it work! I’m kind of amazed it was made at all."
,Recommended,269250,13150670,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Morg - 紫死,"I was very reluctant to buy this game at first, it says episode 01 and I know there are more to follow. I was not sure how long it would be and if the story will end or just leave me hanging for a sequel that might or might not ever happen (been there, done that in the past).However, I ended up buying it because of steam sales and oh boy was I wrong. Why did I not play this before?The story is great, the artwork is amazing (aside for some secondary areas and backgrounds). This isnota ""choose your own story"" visual novel with multiple choices and paths, this is just a story. Do you like reading books? Do you like getting immersed in good stories? Then you will like this.Do you play dating sims and visual novels with ""routes"" and choices? Do you just want some h-scenes? Then I'm sorry this is probably not to your linking.The story is long enough to keep you entertained  (I clocked 13-14 hours), it is very interesting and at times not so easy to follow so it will require your attention most of the time. If you think you might not like economics and stock trading... well, you might be surprised because this story really makes you want to get more into it. I myself do not really enjoy stock trading but this story almost made me want to get out of my way try my hand at being an investor,it really is that interesting.The ending fits well with the story and provides somewhat of a closure so you won't be left hanging in the middle of the plot only to be told ""yo sorry, go buy the other episodes"". Without spoiling anything, it leaves enough space for the following episodes, but at the same time you will feel content with what you have. Just like reading a good book of a trilogy, so do not be afraid to give this game a go. It is totally worth the money in my opinion."
76561198074498003,Recommended,269250,17203094,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,KZNY,Playing WEE Ep.1I learned~how to invest~how to look at the stock market~how to trade efficiently and gaining income~how to make like 10$ to 100$~how to save money10/10 would learn these life hacks again
,Recommended,269250,10527193,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ailantan,It's a Kinetic Visual Novel - it's a type of visual novel where the player does not interact with the story.And i can't wait for part 2 & 3.
,Not Recommended,269250,32049510,Posted: 29 May,all,yami,"The story is good. MC has an abrasive personality, to say the least.Really want to like it, but the spelling and grammar of the English translation is subpar. The text does not have a natural flow.The poorly looped, repetitive music and unimpressive effects (expect lots of black screens and ppt 2002 style animations) don't make the experience any better.I've been a huge fan of the author for a decade, and I'm glad the developers ported the VN's first part to linux/mac, but I can't recommend it with so many flaws."
76561198082017212,Recommended,269250,32764427,Posted: 25 June,all,Jooji,This is not a game. It is a book with illustrations and music. And that's good.An excellently narrated story that pulls you in with an interesting plot and setting topped with just the right amount of drama.9/11 would go bankrupt again!
,Not Recommended,269250,10942381,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,#!/bin/blankaex,"tl;dr: 4/10, nothing amazing, but not terrible. Cool concept, poor execution - I wouldn't buy it if it's not on sale.Full review:If I had to describe this visual novel in one word, I'd call it amateurish. There were several typos and mispellings, along with duplicate lines due to poor coding (all instances of which I screenshotted to send to the devs). If I paid ~$10 for a game, I'd expect at least some standard of professionalism.EDIT:According tothis announcement, the game has been properly TLCed and edited two months after this review was originally written. Obviously, I'm not going to read through the entire game again, so I can't say whether or not the aforementioned issues have been remedied completely, but at the very least, it should be better. Regardless, the rest of my review stands. /editTo be fair, it was originally in Japanese and I can only assume it was translated to English afterwards, possibly in preparation for the Steam release, since the English version came out two years after. However, a lot of fan translations I've played - koestl's Grisaia no Kajitsu translation, for example - were flawless. A paid translation like this pales in comparison, and if I ever feel up to it, I'll play through in Japanese to see if the game is up to scratch in that department.As for the contents of the game itself, it's extremely dull. The writing style was extremely unprofessional - again, this may be attributed to it being a translation, though I can provide several examples of brilliant translations. The premise was interesting, which was what led me to vote for WEE to be greenlit, but I can't say I'm not disappointed. The story was uninspired and predictable, and although the concept had a lot of potential, the writer didn't really pull it off that well - I found myself bored several times while reading, and I only kept going because I was expecting something interesting to come up (nothing did). The peaks and troughs were in all the wrong places, with little to no transitions, and was uncomfortable to read.Another point of concern is the fact that it's a kinetic novel. I can appreciate the style of a kinetic novel and enjoy it as anyone would, but why would there be three pages of save slots for a visual novel with no decisions? The game could've been far better constructed to allow the player to influence Hal's (who I would've much rather been named Haru in English, in accordance to his Japanese name ハル) decisions regarding which stocks to buy, how to respond to other characters and whatnot. Of course, I'm not asking for a full-fledged stock market simulation, but just allowing the user to decide whether or not Haru should follow through with a commitment and giving more than one disappointing ending would've made the game a lot more enjoyable.While on the topic of saving though, I do recommend anyone about to start the game to set aside about 10 hours and finish the game in one go. The way the story is written, without being divided into chapters or scenes, and without any real breaks or transitions, makes it extremely difficult to find a place to save and stop for the day. Unfortunately, I wasn't aware of this and spread the game across two days, and it made for a rather interrupted experience.The artwork was generally quite nice, but I think I only saw a total of around 5-6 backgrounds and about that number of different sprites, which doesn't really cut it for me and the OST was also nothing really to write home about. The main issue here is the lack of content. For a game at this price, you'd expect the artist(s) and composer(s) to put in a bit more work, but a lot of the time, there was no soundtrack playing, and the screen was simply black with a text box over it. In this sense, I honestly don't feel like the game was worth the money I spent on it.There are no real redeeming points to WORLD END ECONOMiCA - pretty much every aspect of the visual novel is subpar in comparison to most other visual novels. I don't believe my score of 4/10 to be particularly harsh or generous, and if we interperet the ten point scoring system properly, with 5/10 meaning average and not garbage, then I think 4/10 is quite reasonable. Overall, quite disappointing, given the original concept, bursting to the seams with potential. I did say I don't think the game is worth the price, but I don't think it was a complete waste of money - at least I stuck around 'til the end."
76561197993440827,Recommended,269250,15889457,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Finlander,"Now let's see~. My very first visual novel. The very thought of it coming from the author of some renown, and music from group that's been doing some Touhou remixes made me think that it is fine specimen to introduce mine self to the wonderful world of visual novels.It is a nice story with some merit to it, but not without faults.  For instance there are some very fascinating dialogue with such a vivid scenery as empty  black screen and some of the ... hmmh, translation choices seemed bit awkward and even coarse. I do want to believe that it is the handiwork of the translator(s), and not the intended meaning of the author.However my greatest problem was with how the author presents the market. By the time I'm writing this I've been investing in a real market for well over 5 years. So most of the time when I am reading the protagonist going on about the market it made me want to slap him and yell "" this is not how a real market works!"". If things really worked like they are presented in the game I would be owner of the stock market in few years. But someone might argue that it's fictional market, so fictional rules apply. I'd say they are correct in that regard. However I was under impression that they were trying to make a serious financial ""thriller"" in sci-fi context.Oh and lest we forget the juvenile approach with panty shots and whatnot.Put those little jagged edges of literature aside. The art is guaranteed nice. I came for the market  based story and stayed for the emo-tional drama. I enjoyed the senior investor character (can't remember the name) and the ""new frontier"" approach of the story with it's possibilities and implications. Also there's a nice twist I shan't ruin by mentioning itIn essence :Flawed jewel.  I wouldn't say flawed diamond because that would put it well over it's league, but valuable bauble none the less.I will buy episode 2 if it ever reaches steam."
,Recommended,269250,16214167,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,NaviKing,"TLDR; this is an excellent visual novel, though if you're looking for a feel-good ending this is not where you should look for it.Ok, for the detail:Plot: Humanity has thoroughly colonized the moon and many people now live there. Our young male protagonist has run away from home and is trying to make it big in the stock market (on the moon, of course). Unlike other young male protagonists, he actually knows some stuff about the stock market and is doing alright for himself. However, after a close encounter with the police, he takes refuge with a young woman who is also caring for a girl about his age.Pros:+Great story, even with the esoteric vocabulary (in general, it's explained well)+Good length, especially if you read out loud (You could probably do it in 15-20 if you're focused)+Great art: all of the art is well drawn and the characters' looks suit them well (you'll find no exaggerated anatomy here)+Dat OP+Lots of feelsCons:-Minor typos usually do not detract from understanding but somewhat ruin immersion-The descriptions given in the story do not always match the illustrations (HER EYES ARE RED JFC)-Lots of feelsAbout the feels though, I think my partner said it best ""Some stories tell you the story you want to hear. Others tell you what actually happened. This is a story about what actually happened.""Overall: 9/10 please release the rest of them."
76561198025980821,Recommended,269250,19558213,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RawShank,Well that..... was a interesting VN to read.ProsBeginning is slow (almost fell asleep a few times) but it pays off towards the end.Big emphasis on economics and the stock market (felt like having an Economics 101 crash course).Characters are interesting enough to keep the reader interested.Was not expecting that type of ending.The music is relaxing and nice to listen to.ConsA few written mistakes here and there but it is no big deal.Could of used a bit more background art in some scenes.This will probably make me wanna watch or read Spice and Wolf.7.5/10
,Recommended,269250,14084159,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,fleur,"When I picked this up, I did so mainly because I was a fan of Spice and Wolf, and had expected a VN that would be equal parts entertaining and informative. What I did not expect was a fascinating look into the meaning of human relationships in a world where the core tenets of Neoliberal governmentality are so entrenched as to resemble natural law more than social construct. It is, in a way, a vivisection of theHomo Economicusof economic fairy tales (the sort of man who, when asked to pass the salt, would respond with ""What's in it for me?""); protagonist Hal's growth is the focus of the story, as is the intersection of market rationality and human struggle which provides the dramatic force behind the plot.The characters are good, though some suffer from limited development throughout the course of the story - something that I expect may be rectified in future episodes.  The most glaring flaw of this VN lies in the 'visual' half of visual novel - CGs are scarce, sometimes used inappropriately, and the backgrounds are passable at best; likewise, there are numerous audio issues, ranging from inappropriate scoring in some parts to frequent and sudden cuts in the music.Nonetheless, the flaws don't detract much from the experience, and overall, I've got to hand it to Hasekura-sensei, because this is a story that is highly relevant to the modern day, in the wake of the Great Recession, the Foreclosure Crisis and several decades of Neoliberal government. I highly recommend it to any political economy/anime nerds, and anyone else for that matter."
,Recommended,269250,15135994,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,speedycake,"I enjoyed it despite the overly dry topics, if you don't like economics and finance you should stay far away because this gets sticky in the details of these respective fields. For those fascinated in these topics the game is an entertaining take on it and a decent intro primer you can take some information from. The character I see in a lot of negative reviews is has character flaws many readers aren't willing to put up with but I find such characters to be refreshing in that they are so convicing in their written convictions that to invoke an emotional response be it disgust is powerful. You absolutely want to loathe the protagonist but his character growth turns him into a likeable person much different from the brash childish character he is in the beginning. There are a couple odd quirks in how the music loops and the CG stutters in some transitions but nothing particularly irritating enough to make you stop reading. A great read for those who enjoy technical detail but a terrible read for those wanting something exciting."
,Recommended,269250,31332551,Posted: 23 April,all,Draek,"Quick summary: an Intro to Economics class coupled with a rollercoaster of emotions. If you liked Spice & Wolf or even have a passing interest in the world of finance, get the three-part bundle and don't look back.(No spoilers review)So, World End Economica; a VN that showed up on my ""Recommended"" feed so often I felt I justhadto try it, but never did for some reason. Until I finally did, and boy I'm glad.Graphics: 6/10Let's start with the basics: graphics ain't a strong point of this VN. Character illustrations are good, but reused too often; meanwhile backgrounds are simple but *also* overused. CGs are pretty nice and fit well with the artistic style of the VN, but the fact you unlock the CG gallery only after finishing the game is a minus overall. Still, it does its work and it's never distracting.Sound: 3/10No voice acting whatsoever, and the music ranges from decent to downright irritating. You don't lose much by playing the game on Mute, to be honest.Story: 10/10And here we finally get to the chewy center of this VN. So, how is it? in a word, delightful. It's sci-fi, buthardsci-fi; no green-skinned aliens, no space battles, nothing but a space elevator between Earth and its new colony on the moon and the hopes of someday, maybe reaching Mars.To avoid spoilers I won't go into much detail, but I'll say this: the game is an emotional rollercoaster, which will have you on the edge of your seat multiple times throughout the entire volume, with characters that are all flawed, act on realistic motivations, and come into conflict for believable reasons; definitely one of the best reads I've had in years. Contrary to other reviewers, I found the economics jargon simple to follow, and the game offers definitions and examples through the plot itself on the most important terms, like short-selling and margin-buying.Within the series itself, I think this chapter is somewhat self-contained; the plot does have a clear beginning, a climax and a conclusion, so you could buy it and skip the rest if you didn't like it, or found the jargon confusing. It does leave a few plot points hanging for its sequels, obviously, but it's not a complete cliffhanger either.Longevity: 6/10It's a kinetic novel, so there are no branches whatsoever; it's a linear story from start to end. I finished it in around 4.5 hours, but I'm a fast reader so it'd probably take most people around 6 hours of reading; not too long, but a decent length for its price.Still, replay value is high, both to catch foreshadowing of later events, as well as re-reading complex points after you understand the jargon better. Or hell, just for the pleasure of it.ConclusionAs I already said, this is the best VN I've read in years; if you're undecided I'd recommend you to buy this volume and give it a try, but most people should really go for the bundle, install it ASAP, and enjoy the best economics class in existence."
,Recommended,269250,22527833,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Amazing kinetic VN! Storyline was really good, full of details; characters had their own personalities (MC♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a bit but it’s ok, that’s their personality. It was nicely written, it’s not that the character isn’t good — they can be quite annoying when they want, just that. And to be honest, I also disliked their weird thoughts/behavior towards Hagana at the beginning of the game). This is one of the best VNs on Steam, without a doubt.The art style was good, BG was nicely done, BGM was awesome as well. The only little complaint that I have is that sometimes during the narration, the BG/sprites are not there… It’s a black screen. I don’t know if that was the author’s intention, but I thought that kinda “broke” the climax during certain parts. Despite that, it’s a wonderful work totally worth paying the full price since it’s quite of a long story for a kinetic VN. I can’t wait to play the next chapters!8/10, because like I said, MC annoyed me. But well, it’s worth checking this VN if you wish to read a more complex story.The ending might♥♥♥♥♥♥you off tho, since it was quite different…"
,Not Recommended,269250,31750572,Posted: 14 May,all,Nevrmorr,"While I haven't completely finished the game yet, I still wanted to leave a review for anyone looking to buy this game when it's not on sale. I'm really on the fence, and while I would recommend buying it at a discount, not at full price,The story is interesting, the characters are pretty good, but overall the whole thing just feels lazily put together to me. There are only a few sprites per character, a very limited number of backgrounds, and sometimes the visual doesn't completely match what's happening in the story. If they don't have a visual that somehow matches the storyline at that point, they just show a black screen. Given that this is a ""visual"" novel, that feels incredibly lazy to me.Also the translation feels weak to me as well. I don't speak Japanese, but the English translations are sometimes so weird that I doubt they're accurate. One character was ""exuding question marks"" at one point. Yeah, that's not a thing. Again, it just feels like a rushed, lazy translation that kicks you out of the story somewhat.So, it's a thumbs down for me, unless you can catch it on sale. If the devs put in the effort to update the visuals and the translation, I could easily see myself changing my recommendation. But not as things stand right now."
,Not Recommended,269250,31816000,Posted: 17 May,all,bunny1ov3r,"This should have never been made as a VN. Instead, with the writing ability of this writer, it should be published as a traditional (light) novel. There is no voice acting, which one has to accept for a doujin. The background music ranges from very repetitive to barely acceptable. The CG is horrible. I am not complaining about how detailed is the CG. It is about how well it works as visual presentation. It literally does nothing for the story, as I am literally just looking at CGs with main characters (almost same expression) in a stark room. The system is horrible. For example, pressing enter for the next line cancels the automatic reading mode. I would very much prefer a normal book than this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198200819743,Recommended,269250,33037596,Posted: 30 June,all,Iroha's Snackbar,"Thought I was gonna read some sci-fi and chill, but instead, I got the best economics lesson I've received to date. Hal's low grav parkour inspired me to petition for an Assassin's Creed set on the moon. 10/10 would get drowned in the signature bittersweetness of Hasekura Isuna again."
,Recommended,269250,11096784,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,♞ Red [EqtsInvcts],"A dramatic opening to a 3-part bildungsroman of a kinetic novel (as in a visual novel without player choices) written by the author of the Spice & Wolf light novels, WORLD END ECONOMiCA is an awesome, heavy read about a young and naive runaway named Hal (or Haru depending on how you'd prefer to romanize it) trying to make his fortune on stock trading in order to accomplish his dreams of being the first human to set foot in a part of space beyond the Moon. He takes up residence with an energetic Church caretaker, Lisa, and another young, enigmatic runaway girl known as Hagana, who is a socially awkward math prodigy trying to scrape by. While he tries to keep his investing life a secret from his guardian and cohabitant, a series of setbacks in the Church forces his hand, and the stakes of his investing ultimately ramp up to encompass more than his long term ambitions of earning enough money to fund his space exploration where no other human has gone before.It is especially refreshing that it features such a great cast of fundamentally flawed characters against the backdrop of poverty, which is relatable even with the context of the futuristic Moon colony setting. While this first episode presents a complete ~8-10 hour storyline with a proper(? some will argue against it, but I think it's appropriate for a 3-part series) episode resolution, the next two episodes are currently being Kickstarted (and it's already well over the original $22k goal and may even get enough funding for a Vita release; WEE -complete- Kickstarter ends 9 Jul 2014); I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good drama of a VN read, and for the greatest deal I'd recommend you pledge to the Kickstarter for the -complete- (all 3 episodes) for a lump sum pledge of $20 via the Kickstarter athttps://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sekaiproject/world-end-economica-completeto get the best deal on all 3 episodes.It appears the next 2 episodes are slated for a Spring 2015 release. Just coming out of the episode 1 ending, I am especially eager to read this very interesting take on a coming-of-age drama through to the end!"
,Recommended,269250,17711764,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Zoreth,"I had high expectation because Isuna Hasekura's previous work, Spice and Wolf, is a masterpiece. Yet I wasn't disappointed.This non-interactive visual novel is a well written story that goes in-depth to the investment industry in a fictional futuristic world. The minute details of currency manipulation is the same quality you might have seen in Spice and Wolf series. I can easily recommend WORLD END ECONOMiCA to the fans of Isuna Hasekura's style and to those who aren't afraid of ""anime romance/drama"". Haters probably grasp my point?As of now, episode 1 and 2 of this visual novel are translated in English. Episode 3 will be coming eventually, but I do not know whether there's any info about the release date yet. I'm avid to read it as soon as it's out.EDIT: Episode 3 (finale) is finally out and it doesn't change my opinion of the series negatively. I'll give it a solid 5/5 score overall. People who don't like this story are clearly looking at a genre that doesn't interest them in the first place - or have particularly poor taste!"
,Recommended,269250,16021263,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Eto,"World End Economica is an interesting visual novel with a very interesting setting and story. The whole society on the moon is well fleshed out and the transitions between world building and plot development were fairly well done. Where 'World End Economica' really shines however, is with the characters.The main character is refreshingly flawed but quite likeable at his core. All the characters have their stories and the way the main character learns about them feels smooth. Each character has a depth to their personality and it made me really empathise with them. I also enjoyed the development of relationships between the main character and the other characters.However, this visual novel doesn't have any choices that deviates the story and although the stock market explanations were interesting initially. The main gripe I have is that the quantity of art didn't meet the quantity of the story so at times where I was expecting a visual to accompany the story there was simply a black screen. Although the art is quite good.I personally quite liked this visual novel; the length of the visual novel was surprisingly but satisfyingly long and I would recommend this visual novel if you enjoy reading stories with good character development and setting."
,Recommended,269250,11510149,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Lot Creator,"World End ECONOMiCA Ep.1Genre: VN - Visal Novel/Reading StorytellingRating:___________Gameplay:Having played several other VNs where the player can choose the fate and ending of the story, this one is compleatly linear. No gameplay at all. If you were looking for action or plot twists, look away, you will be reading a lot.Rating - 8/10Other - 5/10___________Graphics:Grahpics are okish, capped normally at 1024 x 600 and fullscreened with little damage to the image of the storyplay. Anime style is a diffrence from S&W, more bold and less simple.Rating - 7/10___________Instructions:Need say more? Just click spam or right click to see the image, scroll button does something too, such as text history. No story reversal such as in Sunraider or other similar VNs however.Rating 8/10___________Bugs/Glitches:Despite being on Early Acess for about 4 months, they had several bugs on their story. Sometimes I will notice that a room was not painted dark but a filter was doing it, how did I know? Because the filter was misalined and so I saw that the regular room was underneath. Several english typos are seen throught the story, I didn't take pictures and report those typos because I was reading AND steam photo taker barely works(and when it does, it only works on the main screen). Some other bugs include repetition of entire sentences, it becomes more evident at the end of the story when Hal repeats some sentences over and over meaninglessly.____________Story:Going down to the story (no spoilers I promise), Hal is a enterperneur trying to strike it rich in the stockmarket bussiness. While this does follow the theme of S&W of economy, the economy in WEE is much more larger than it would have been on S&W, which makes it diffrent than it. Story telling is engaging at times, but sometimes it can get very depressingly slow or anguishing at Hal's faliures.__________The ending of WEE is indiffrent for me, I didn't like it, I don't say I like it, its more of an attempt to make it better on Ep.2, perhaps it could have ended diffrently but thats how it was made. The story going more or less reading can take from 20 hours to 10 hours. I have 30 hours because I used to leave the game on for some particular soundtracks, not that many that memorable however.I would probably had wished it had taken a route such as S&W, however it seems it won't be like that. I would probably buy Ep.2 to satisfy craving but meh.Rating 7/10Other 6/10Thanks for reading these otherwise useless pixels and bytes. If you don't feel my review is good enough, search other similar reviews. Thanks."
,Recommended,269250,10781631,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AgentKiri,"This is a visual novel to start with. In visual novels there are some you can make choices and some that you can't. Normally in the ones that you can't has a much more in-dept story. I personally enjoyed the story even though it ended eruptly and left me wanting episode two and three.The game itself is reading dialogue after diaglogue like the screenshots. So don't buy this if you hate reading. The introduction took me about 2 hours to finish reading by itself.  Why would you buy this? This is because it has a very good story and the character development is really good. The music and art is pretty good too. As I warn you though don't buy this if you expect to make choices, play a part in the stock market, or have any influence on the story."
,Recommended,269250,12039087,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,SeriousBug,"The good:The story was well thought, and immersive. The characters are fleshed out rather well, which adds depth to the story. The pacing  keeps you on your toes especially closer to the ending of the game. Many details about the world, characters and otherwise setting is given in a pleasant way as well. All in all, great writing which feels like a novel. It is quite lengthy as well, a bit shorter than 14.5 hours Steam recorded for me.The bad:There were many times when the drawings and music was reused throughout the game, which sometimes didn't even match the story. The music was rather repetitive, and wasn't really enjoyable in my opinion. The effects used through the game were a bit uninspired, to say the least. The drawings aren't particularly memorable as well, though still fine. My final complaint would be the lack of resolution and v-sync options, it would be nice to run the game in my native resolution with 60 fps, rather than 1280x720 and 300 something fps.The ugly?While I don't want to give any spoilers, the story was heartwrenching. Beware."
,Recommended,269250,11993421,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,drizzt6295,"Loved this. The story was very catching. Once i started, i could stop. It had its up's and down's, but overall i would recommend it to people who want a visual novel with a great plot. I greatly anticipate episode 2 and 3. Give it a go, you will then understand how good it is."
,Recommended,269250,33535001,Posted: 14 July,all,PowerOfKappa,"This is more of a review for the trilogy, but still spoilerless. As a visual novel, especially a ""kinetic novel"" with no choices, it's mainly about the story. And, let me say, the story is a damned 15/10. Regarding other technical aspects (sound, graphics) the first episode is a bit lacking, but this improves in the second and especially the third episodes. The three episodes are kind of separate, there is a four year gap between each, but they explain everything well, and the last one is a nice conclusion to the story and leaves no loose ends.Getting a bit on the story, it's mainly about economics. I didn't know much about this so I had to use wikipedia/investopedia quite a bit, especially at the beginning and during the third episode, which is quite heavy on this. Even if I didn't have any previous interest on the topic, I do think I'm more interested in the dinance world now, so the story does a great job here.In short, I think that as a VN it should be judged on the story and you can't get much better than this. Totally recommended"
76561198038593306,Recommended,269250,27872147,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DaPenguinLord,"One of the best visual novels around, if you've ever seen or read spice and wolf it's written by the same man and it rises to that same level of excellence."
,Recommended,269250,14026213,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Pink Fluffy Bear,"This visual novel isn't for everyone, I warn you.You need basic trading knowledge or economic knowledge to truly enjoy it.It consist 40% character development + story, 10% story mixed with trading, and 50% trading.If you're blind or not interested in trading, BIG CHANCE you can't enjoy WEE.But, if you have knowledge of trading / experienced trading / something similar.... You got what you need.My breath stopped at last scene and sha* brix metaphorically.Personal Verdict:8,0/10 I'll wait for WEE 2 for this spring."
76561198074812617,Recommended,269250,32773728,Posted: 25 June,all,WuYiXiang,"A hell of a ride. Took me about 5 hours to read it through. It's not exactly accurate when it comes to the stock market, but the characters really shine in this one. Haven't touched episode 2 yet, though..."
,Recommended,269250,16047683,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Quibber123,"I-it's not like I enjoyed this game enough to recommend it or a-anything!A tsundere filled VN about stocks on the moon. It's a decent length, ends on a cliffhanger, and the ending leaves you unsatisfied.It's not the best VN out there, in fact it's fairly cliche'd at times with some poor character development, but that doesn't mean it's awful and the story, characters, and relationships get a lot more development and depth added to them as the story nears the conclusion. This results in a very stilted feeling with the majority of the content in the last hour or so of the game with the first 95% of it just laying the foundation.Edit after playing EP.2:The poor character development of the main character seems to exist more as a way to juxtapose how the main character was at the start of this game to how he exists at the start of the sequel. All his development takes place in the final sentences of this game, and his growth is seen at the start of the next VN.After seeing how Episode 2 plays out I have to say that this series as a whole is a lot more impressive than I thought it was going to be. I say if you have any interest then definitely give this game a change, but know that if you get hooked Episode 3 won't be out for a while.Overall 7.5/10"
,Recommended,269250,11857593,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,arnoldstrife,"WOW! Just finished it.Highly recommend if you like reading.  There is no options, no choices. Rather I think this would of actually been better as a light novel, but the visual novel isn't so bad. Good artwork all around.I was finish in 11 hours so expect a similar amount of story with a slightly faster default autoplay speed.It does however have a somewhat draggy opening. About 3ish hours is spent with the characters and world building (which may be good or bad per person. Scifi Moon ish isn't so bad but some of the characters take some developing before you get interested). After that it was very enteraining as it starts rapidly spiraling towards the climax. I basically couldn't put it down in the last 3 hours before the end of the story. So much so that it rapidly ate at my sleep time.Lots of economics involved with no requirement to actually need to know the real math or economics behind it to get behind the main character.Without spoilers the ending was very well done and if I did not know there was an episode 2 would of been fine with that as the ending. But with knowledge that this continues I'm very excited for more.Conclusion, If you like reading particularly with somewhat heavy world building; Perhaps a faint curosity of economics then pick this game up.  It has well develop characters, interesting universe, and a good raising action till conclusion."
,Recommended,269250,10038431,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Unravel,"The story revolves around a boy who spends his time reselling stockpiles for a profit on the moon. So if you enjoy getting an additional scrap metal from keys banking in Team Fortress 2, you will immerse in the game greatly and rate it high. Other than that it has an interesting setting with beautiful surroundings, characters going beyond kawaii and uguu, coming from an author of Spice & Wolf ranobe. If you are looking to buy a worthwhile textual adventure on Steam, World End Economica series is easily the one to look into."
76561197992963639,Recommended,269250,25916882,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DE3me,"I will make this short:The game is a Kinetic Novel, which makes it a dialogue heavy book with background und characters drawn out for the reader and some BGM to listen to. The kinetic means there are no choices to be made.The world is quite interesting, the character are well written and fit the story, the drawings look good and the soundtrack is fitting to the mood. If you are interested in a story about the stock market, high frequency trading and the economy in general you are pretty limited to begin with, but World End Economica delivers an above avarage experience in all points (if you like points you could say everything can be located between 6-8/10) and is a good choice.Now to the negative part:There isn't that much here to discuss, but i think the main point is the fact that World End Economica is in fact a kinetic novel, which means that the reader has no influence whatsoever over the direction the story and characters are going. There is still something that makes this a negativ point for me and that is the fact that you can see some scenes where choices would have been in the game and it feels like they cut them out on short notice. While i can understand why they would cut out the choices (choices are a lot of work if you want to implement them in a meaningful way; you have to make sure the choices matter and every branch and decision has weight behind them, which is especially hard when you consider multiple episodes and more and more branching), it is still a bit sad to see them cut the influence a player (instead of a pure reader) could have on the game.But that is my only gripe with the game and if you are even remotely interested in a beginner friendly introduction to any of the topics mentioned above you should check out this kinetic novel."
,Recommended,269250,14687091,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,kazenorin,"Before I start you must understand this 'game' (WEE) is a visual novel (VN), i.e. there aren't any options - in other words, a pretty looking eBook that has music, illustrations and allows you to save/load whatsoever.So if you're expecting some sort of interactions, you'd be dissappointed.But that shouldn't stop you from getting WEE though.There's some spice in the plot, I like it, it not about fan service nor over-exaggerated stuff - things are rational and believable (despite some hiccups which doesn't matter much), with a comfortable amount of humor into it. There's also more than that, and I'll leave that to you to find out - if you're interested.As with Hasekuru-sensei's style, there's plenty of stock market knowledge in it (factoring out the drama, it's fairly accurate, from my personal experience working in a related industry).Good way to understand how the stock market works!ps. the numerous hours of my playtime is meaningless, as I leave the game running while doing something else - one great thing of VNs is that it's not demanding at all!"
76561197992517289,Recommended,269250,22780583,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Pupupupupu! :D,"The story is a 10/10 for me.I really enjoyed the development of the story and the characters are well written. I never felt that one person was doing something only to progress in the story but it was what fits their pattern.Also the setting on the moon and the economic view points were well set and explained.But the overall rating for this VN would be 6.5/10 since the VN lacks on illustration and sometimes the sound was just cut off or there was no music at all.Due to the limitation in pictures they often got reused even though it didn't really fit the situation.I think that could have been easily improved and I hope this will be better in EP 2 and 3.I can recommend this novel to anyone who might enjoy an economical setting in a future world with a great set of characters and a well thought plotline. But if you like your novels to have different endings and were you can chose your path, you should step back since this has a straight plotline with no choices."
,Recommended,269250,10708184,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tzona,"This is the first Visual Novel I've played, and i quite enjoyed it.The Dev for this game is a company which includes Isuna Hasekura the writer of the Spice and Wolf light novel series, which has some elements of economics, like World End Econimica but focused on market and goods trading, rather than stock trading."
76561198173078226,Recommended,269250,28747837,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,weister.liaw,"As someone who has played the whole trilogy, I would say this:If good narrative is your thing, get this game.If an interesting premise is your thing, get this game.If characters being very and absolutely human in their actions is your thing, get this game.Naturally if you have an understanding of the finance world, get this game.If you are looking for a commercial visual novel, absolutely steer clear from this game.It takes a very incomprehensible and unfriendly concept - the financial world - and shows how human it is, and all it's fragility. It's also easy to keep up with, even if you don't understand what the hell all these concepts are (that was me). It's extremely exciting and once you are sucked into it you really can't stop. Seriously. I played the first two parts in one night each just because it was that exciting. I had to be torn away (almost literally) from the computer for the third part, so I finished that in two days.The premise sounds complicated, but true to it's theme, it is simple and universal at heart.After playing episode 3, I started playing from episode 1 again just to experience it all over again - the excitement, the despair, everything.It's a really good story. And for those who do have financial knowledge: this game has its bases pretty much covered. I don't think there will be any complaints about incorrect information. It is after all written by Isuna Hasekura."
,Recommended,269250,17294275,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ul-Fenesis,I care more about these characters then I do my real friends and family.10/10
,Recommended,269250,24913130,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kuro Freakin Serpentina,"Wow...Just finished this game and its a goddamn Emotional rollercoaster.Then again, its Spicy Tails and if you know anything about Spice and Wol, you know just how hardcore they can get with their storiesAnyway, this game is gorgious. Amazing art and sprites, with some amazing musicQuite possibly one of the best Visual Novels on steam and seeing as there is ever increasing number of great visual novels on here, thats saying a lotThat said, its got its own little annoyances. While the music is excellant and at times breath-takingly so, whoever handled the looping needs to be beaten with a twobyfour, cause the music either loops poorly or not at at all. Can't tell you how many scenes I got dragged head first into just for the music to awkwardly stop and restart. Its not a massive issue, more a person niggle which could be fixed with an hour or two more in the editing booth to make sure the music loops into itself properly and I would have no real issues to speak ofThe only other issue I can really find is that sometimes the sprites flail about the screen. But, as I played the game more, I noticed it kept happen in response to high tension scenes and at point thats would indicate movement. So I am willig to say its a ""feature"" rather than a bugAll that said, this is an amazing little game. If you have any interest in Visual novels at all, heck if you just like a good story, pick this up now. We need that episode 3, state!Just a fair warning for those who really get dragged into a story... we don't all get happy endings"
,Recommended,269250,11814997,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Drake_Kurama,"This is a very compelling visual novel, with characters that are quite complex and detailed. It covers many aspects of the stock market, and was very inspiring (because I invest in stocks as well). Many of the techinques, and terms used, relate to the real stock market. Hasekura combined these characters struggles with the ups, and downs of their lives and the market, perfectly.I Highly Recommend this Visual Novel, and my only complaint is that they don't have the soundstrack on here :)"
,Recommended,269250,17510166,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,NoobsDeSroobs,"A great visual novel with fleshed out characters and a believable story. The art is also more than acceptable, but it is not the leading edge in animation.It is not voiced, which I do not mind, and it is not animated, which I once again do not mind. However, sometimes it seems like the game refreshes or reloads assets. The images vanish, leaving a white screen, before they return. The music also resets randomly it seems. My final complain is the grammatical errors that the English translation has. Every now and then you would find mistakes, but they would not be making the sentence confusing or impossible to understand. They are also rare enough that they do not become a problem. More an annoyance every x minutes. The Japanese one was mostly flawless.As for the characters and story development, the pacing is very good. It holds back information just enough that you are at the edge of your seat and sometimes wish for nothing more than for the character to say it. However, that is the great part. You really feel that the characters have their secrets, doubts and troubles. At the same time the story is driven by each character's hopes and goals in this world. They live normal, hard lives and have to make compromises as they go. These compromises and the decisions they face really feel like something a human with their personality would make.The best part for me is that it is not a fanservice, cliché or love story. Most of all it is not a romantic comedy, which makes it heaps and bounds better than most.Highly recommended for the full price, a must for anything lower."
,Recommended,269250,13654416,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BOO!!,"Amazing story.Amazing music.great visuals.no character customization, phyisical or emotional.6/10"
,Recommended,269250,28210365,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Darbee,"Avg Read Time 6 - 9 hours.Another Market story from Isuna Hasekura the author of Spice and Wolf.Only one route that leads into episode 2.Plot overview:The plot sets in the far future on the moon, 16 years after humans have begun to colonize it. It begins on a young man's impossible dream of standing where no man had stood. And to do that he needs large amount of capital that can only be obtain through risky means via the stock markets. -wikiIf you enjoyed Spice and wolf, you will more likely like this VN. Some of the terms can be tricky to understand if you don't have a background in finance. He does a pretty good job of explaining the terms though.Cons- Has a slow start compared to Spice and Wolf7.5/10"
76561197995810377,Not Recommended,269250,18575051,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Cloneofyou32,"The TL;DR Version:The game is mediocre at best with several good moments. However much of this is smashed by glaring grammatical, editing, and technical flaws. I am also disappointed in the fact that this visual novel has no choices or decisions to be made. 3/10.A little bit more:Okay, so you see that playtime above my review. It's fair to say I've given the game quite a fair shake. I will not spoil anything, but I will tell you the absolute truth as I see it.This game suffers from a number of technical glitches. Background transitions are often mistimed and I ran into several intances where the background flashed between two entirely unrelated scenes before settling on the right one. The music, while not bad in and of itself (for the genre of visual novel), is so littered with random, jarring restarts and sudden halts that it really interrupts any chance of getting engaged into the story. Transitions between the various character's expressions sometimes results in the entire text box flickering wildly for a moment. These are all things that could have been solved with a little extra time spent proofing the scenes and should have been before a $13 price tag was attached.Additionally, the writing itself had moments that made my brain hurt. Sentences repeat themselves in places (twice with what is clearly a poorly translated first draft of the actual text) and many places had the text unnaturally split between several windows. I got the sense as I read through the novel that whoever translated and/or wrote it was working without a full understanding of the english language. Many passages feel bland or artifically lengthened.The story itself I shall resist on critiquing. Every artists has a vision and while one might like or dislike their work, that does not make it bad or good. I rather enjoyed a majority of it, but there were portions that could have been vastly shortened and retained their same impact.As a parting note I wish to reiterate to any potential purchasers that this ""visual novel"" contains no actual choices in it. You do nothing but click through the screens and watch what comes up. This is not stated in the game's description but really should be."
76561198032159368,Recommended,269250,10508597,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Belisaurius,"Nice characters and engaging story. However, no interactivity what so ever and a downer episode. I do want to get the sequal though so it's not all bad. Also tells you something about how the stock market rolls."
,Recommended,269250,10584989,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cactus,Great story and art. I played it non-stop for 4h and i love it so much that i will buy the sequels form their kickstarter.9/10 so far from me.
76561198109757864,Recommended,269250,29699330,Posted: 4 February,all,ASTAROTH,This was a wonderful story so good that i tried to do some day trading (not with real money but the app best brokers) and well you can tell how that turned out by finishing the The LN.
,Recommended,269250,19544621,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,InfinitePeace,"I recommend this novel, because I enjoyed it. May not be for everyone, but I enjoyed the previous series of Spice and Wolf and I enjoyed this novel as well.I got it when it was on sale at half price in a holiday sale, so there is that. Good value for the price I paid."
,Recommended,269250,19959717,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AssassinGlasgow,"Well, this is a tricky one. Being that it is part of a three part series, its true ending depends on the ending of the third part (since it's one cohesive work). However...the fact that it's separated means it should be able to stand on its own, right?And, well, yeah, it does, for the most part. The plot in the VN is self contained, and isn't actually too shabby. We follow a boy name Hal on his endeavors to basically use the stock market to get rich quick (as quick as you can with stocks). He lives on the Moon, known for being a huge financial district (think of Wall Street...but ON THE MOON!). Through a series of events, he comes to live with Lisa and Hagana, and forms relationships with them as well as the rest of the poorer denizens of the street. Stocks are made exciting, and there's a climax at the end that I think plays pretty well into the story. The double eged sword I have with this VN was the economic jargon that is pretty much rampant throughout the VN, as I found it added authenticity and made stocks interesting, but at the same time was an incredible chore to slough through (only because I am not THAT huge of a fan of econ).The characters all fall into specific roles, and the problem with this VN is that the development is almost nonexistent. Well, it's actually unfair to say it's not there. It's there, but it goes by in increments. Thus, change can seem to be missing in their character developments. I would argue, however, that the end and the fact there are two other parts means that what you see are their characters on the cusp of their development, and that to truly see how far they've come it's best to read the entire work.Writing wise, there were a few awkward word choices, and art wise the art is OK but definitely improved later. The characters all speak in different ways, making it easy to distinguish characters, which I love. There is romance, but it isn't a big overblown affair and is actually subtle and sweet, though a bit too subtle if you ask me.If you are looking for stories about ambitious, driven main characters with a big ol' helping of Economics and some sci-fi then I definitely recommend this. Just keep in mind: This is the first of three parts!"
,Recommended,269250,22370475,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,A very horny SMUG anime girl,"Is money enough to live a good life?WORLD END ECONOMiCA is a kinetic Visual Novel made by Isuna Hasekura, which is known for being the author of the renowned Light Novel, Spice & Wolf.Like the author's previous work, this kinetic Visual Novel has the economical drive within it's repository, joining in the mix of tragedy and love. Isuna Hasekura's previous work, Spice & Wolf, revolves around trading. This time, WORLD END ECONOMiCA episode.01, revolves around Stocks and it's Market. I am amazed at how the author succinctly mixes different genres in this Visual Novel, much like Spice & Wolf.WORLD END ECONOMiCA has three games, namely episode.01/02/03.However, one should not compare Isuna Hasekura's Spice & Wolf and WORLD END ECONOMiCA, as the former is a Light Novel and the latter being a Visual Novel. Of course the manner of telling the story is significally different, as a Visual Novel introduces music and accompanying CG to maximize the tone of the current atmosphere and situation but with less words to further balance the narration of story by giving the personality to the CGs and sprites, while the words supply the story itself, unlike a Light Novel where the artworks are introduced at the start of reading, but it just introduces the setting and vibe of the story being told, with the descriptive narrative giving most of a Light Novel's shine. Nonetheless, one should not underestimate Isuna Hasekura, and one should know that the author would definitely give a story that is rich and fantastic.PROS:- Fantastic setting and atmosphere- Rich character development- Character personalities are well-developed, and makes them stand out at each other- Nice soundtrack that optimizes the tone of the current situation- Cute and well-drawn character art and CG- Length of the Visual Novel is enough to deliver the story-Made by Isuna Hasekura!CONS:- The opening to the story is a bit bland in my opinion- The Main Character has an unlikeable personality, and makes rash cynical decisions (but this will be remedied later on)- The explanation about Stocks are long and a bit confusing if not understood clearly (Seeing the Visual Novel is about Stocks, I'd recommend anyone to have atleast a very basic information about Stocks and its workaround)- There are very few soundtracks to begin with. And a few of these are incorrectly looped.- This Visual Novel does not yet support Steam Overlay, and its current engine does not yet support Achievements and Trading Cards (However, this will be also remedied later on)-Sadly, there is no Holo-THAT ♥♥♥♥ING CLIFFHANGER!!!Overall, I would recommend WORLD END ECONOMiCA episode.01 to those people who likes Light Novels and Kinetic Novels in general. Please be reminded that there will be an update that makes it compatible with Steam Overlay, Steam Achievements and Trading Cards, though. The stories are long, too. I'd advise you to wait for Sekai Project to release all the episodes, because then they would patch them to a different engine."
,Recommended,269250,11191197,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,yukaio_kun,got it loved it enjoyed itMy rating: 10/10one of the best author i prefer to read from
,Recommended,269250,11960461,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,brownie,"As far as i know, this is the only straight up visual novel on steam that doesn't have any dumb choices/decisions. It's literally just a book with visuals/backgrounds. While there are a couple typos/grammar issues that I would have fixed if I was able to, overall it was very clean and a good translation.  I'd say it's worth a read if you have read or seen and liked Isuna Hasekura's previous works, or are interested in a story with lots of character interaction."
,Recommended,269250,11693027,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,†2DG†,"I'm not extremely far into the game, however so far its plenty enjoyable.There are a few noticeable flaws; like being able to notice that the music loops constantly, it doesn't flow well.Secondly there are some errors in the translation but hey that just happens.Aside from that this is a pretty good story so far and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who seems interested in it."
76561198063053891,Recommended,269250,11252390,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,pettrox,If you liked SPICE AND WOLF you will like WORLD END ECONOMicA
76561198095018759,Recommended,269250,16288569,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PeskyWheel0,"yes, that story, dem arts, de phat beatsiesI Lurv itBut Seriously, I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great visual novel to read, on Steam for some reason. Because Steam is the #1 place to find visual novels."
,Recommended,269250,10607098,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tobby,"A really well written story. The whole story is 3 parts, but it can be read as a standalone. I did not like this ""episode"" ending and would like to have been able to read 2 and 3 right away. The the generally story is very good"
76561198079465117,Recommended,269250,16489137,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,killzonex,Ive played about three hours now and im in love. It gets boring at times but the story is amazing. I would recommend this too annyone!
,Recommended,269250,28797117,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Blackwhole,"So I decided to spent some money to try out this kind of VN, well actually I don't so much hope and would spend anymore money to it, but I was wrong, just like this VN, it's seriously out of my mind or let's just say the story is actually had so many plot twist. I bought Konosora on steam and I regret it deep in my heart and money, but this VN? I have no regret and really happy that I didn't picked the wrong VN again.I just think that eroge doesn't suit well for Steam so I decided to VN that doesn't have any sex scene or something like that, and the result was so great.I recommend this VN for those who wanted play VN where there's no cut off content like sex scene or dirty joke that stupidly getting censored like MoeNovel did.I would complain so much about soundtracks in the early of gameplay and surprisingly the soundtracks getting better but I cannot say the soundtracks is great. But let's just say it's suit for some conditionBut trust me eroge isn't place for Steam, you just waste your money if buying eroge 'cause the content would gone, let's just say that there's a VN that has 30 Hours of gameplay but getting cut off by 5 hours because sex scene?I just wanted people to buy VN on it's full content and this kind of VN had fullfilled itAND THIS VN DESERVE 9/10"
76561198113870579,Recommended,269250,10044431,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Rotcha,看到Spice and Wolf的作者参与制作的游戏非常激动，于是果断入了。  可是万万没想到，这就是一本小说啊（而且入坑），只需要看。  当然等待梦沉抹大拉的同时，买下来这个看也还是不错的...
,Recommended,269250,17871941,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,shunter,"Brilliant kinetic novel. Rich and immersive, collision of worlds. Underlying narrative presents deep moral arguments. Cliffhangar leading into episode 2 is unfair."
,Recommended,269250,31006602,Posted: 7 April,all,Arnax,World End Economica is a very well written piece of art.From beginning to end it's filled with economics technical terms which might push some people aside but the story grabs the attention of the player.One of the most interesting Visual Novels around.
76561198052061638,Recommended,269250,10406770,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Solum,"World End Economica is an interesting visual novel with a very interesting setting and story. The whole society on the moon is well fleshed out and the transitions between world building and plot development were fairly well done. Where 'World End Economica' really shines however, is with the characters.The main character is refreshingly flawed but quite likeable at his core. All the  characters have their stories and the way the main character learns about them feels smooth. Each character has a depth to their personality and it made me really empathise with them. I also enjoyed the development of relationships between the main character and the other characters.However, this visual novel doesn't have any choices that deviates the story and although the stock market explanations were interesting initially, I found myself skimming over the details later (though that might have been because I played it to a late hour and I was a bit tired). The main gripe I have is that the quantity of art didn't meet the quantity of the story so at times where I was expecting a visual to accompany the story there was simply a black screen. Although the art is quite good.I personally quite liked this visual novel; the length of the visual novel was surprisingly but satisfyingly long and I would recommend this visual novel if you enjoy reading stories with good character development and setting."
,Recommended,269250,10048683,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,MyInnerFred,"8/10 Would recommend~The story revolves around ""Hal"" the main character who is a day trader. Story doesn't glorify stock trading and the harsh realities of losing and winning are shown through the story.Pacing is slow and more cg could have been included in the game, especially when they were explaining how the stock market works. Do note the game is not interactable, its literally a straight up novel. There are not options to pick to change the outcome of the story.Looking forward to episode 2."
,Recommended,269250,19990571,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kyouie,"This game has a very intresting storyline although u must be able to understand stocks because this story has a lot to do with stocks and what not. i give this game a 7.5 cause not everyone will be able to understand the full story without understanding a bit about stocks and stuff but the ending was such a shocker, you wouldn't even believe it. It was a good story and i would reccomend this game when it goes on sale.~Kyouie"
,Recommended,269250,21309865,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Archintyeron,"Although it's a bit slow to get through things, there is a great Kinectic Novel.I'm starting to become a big fan of Isuna Hasekura, and I'm barely resisting the urge to buy the second episode right now, but I'll wait for the third one to be released.I don't want to be forced to stop reading this awesome novel again."
76561198016308878,Recommended,269250,22838328,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,demonborntwice,"Let it warm up; you won't be disappointedEDIT: I just found out that I was not actually exposed to any of Hasekura's previous work (i.e. he did not writeMaoyuas I thought he did).  In the end, I took a gamble on this thing based on faulty information...but I'm still happy I took the plunge.Unlike most of the people talking about this game, I didn't come across this thanks toSpice and Wolf, but ratherMaoyu, which I (mistakenly; see above) thought was from the same author.  I've heardMaoyu's more contested quality-wise thanSpice and Wolf, and it does have its issues, but if it's so much worse,Spice and Wolfis some kind of masterpiece, becauseMaoyuwas able to render me full-on bawling for fifteen minutes straight thanks to the climactic speech in the ninth episode of the anime.  It's pretty difficult for me to cry at stuff these days, and this thing had me going harder than the first five minutes ofUp!So, with the kind of anticipation that could inspire, I triedWorld End Economicaout, though I wasn't sure how it was going to be.Lemme just say, it started cold.  Hal/Haru is a terrible trash pile of a person loaded with Social Darwinist machismo and casual misogyny.  His internal monologues left me wanting to throw his laptop into a bonfire.  Credit where credit is due, though, he's far from unusual when it comes to teenagers, so I let the story unfold, hoping that Haru's worldview wasn't being supported by the narrative.I'm glad I stuck it out.The characters developed slowly, but that's fine.  When I wasn't yelling for Haru to take the hint from Lisa and stop being an♥♥♥♥♥ouroburos, I was enjoying the other characters (Lisa especially - she's got the patience of a saint) and the world-building.  It's rare to really get legit hard sci-fi as opposed to sci-fantasy works, and this one delivers on that.  Back to the characters, though; when Haru finally starts to take the hint (thanks to a plot spoiler that had me teary-eyed), things became more enjoyable, and other characters began to open up through his eyes.  Hagana in particular became a favorite.  Her trauma and mental issues spoke to me, and much of my initial dislike for Haru was because of his failure to truly understand what she (or anyone else, for that matter) was going through.Still, by the end, while remaining a flawed person, Haru had me rooting for him in some of the most tense moments I can remember in a story like this, which is a real feat since the combat, so to speak, is largely cerebral.  The stock trading scenes, especialy the ending, had me glued to my screen, hoping as Haru did for a happy outcome.It takes a lot of patience, but I would call this a worthy experience, espcially for fans of hard sci-fi and/or economics.  More than an exercise in world-building, this ends as a powerful story about hope, compassion, and what to value in life.  There are some problems, mostly the rough translation and the lack of variety in artwork, but they didn't interfere too much with my experience.  With interesting (eventually) characters, a strong if slow plot, and a focus on a more cerebral form of conflict,World End Economicastands as a worthy addition to Hasekura's library."
,Not Recommended,269250,22997093,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Zaeteo,"Plodding, joyless. The author puts enough effort into world building (though 'colony on the moon' has been done many times before), but has no idea how to construct a plot. Instead, we witness in excruciating detail every moment of the protagonist's life. (The narrative walks you through instructions on how to move a couch. And how to bake cookies. Seriously.) There's no reason to be invested in the childish, greedy chauvinist of a protagonist; much less follow his every underwhelming footstep. No, no, no."
76561197997554150,Recommended,269250,10656829,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,subnetz,Not only is this a story writen by a fantastic author but it keeps you on the edge or your seat. One of the single greatest stories I have read in a long time. Not only should you purhase this to suppor tthe author but go support the episode in kickstarterhttps://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sekaiproject/world-end-economica-complete. I promise you wont be disipointed.
,Recommended,269250,11679805,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Iclucian Dance,"Pretty decent read. The characters are okay, the story is non-interactive and the music doesn't loop right. Translation quality is questionable though, i.e. ""Haru -> Hal"", ""Risa -> Lisa,"" ""Cerrow -> Serrault"" despite the fact that English names are clearly listed on the Spicy Tails website.I just bought it because F9 sings the ending theme."
,Recommended,269250,11816152,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,ソラ,"Pretty good story so far,  makes me want to reinvest / learn day trading. Although there were quite a few English typos and the music almost sounds cut-off / glitched at times."
,Recommended,269250,11733581,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Aloshi,"If you liked the writing/pacing of Spice and Wolf, you'll probably like this, even though the stories have nothing in common but economics.  This is basically a book with backgrounds, music, and the occasional sound - there are no choices.ALSO WHERE ARE EPISODES 2 AND 3 I NEED THEM."
76561198058641970,Recommended,269250,13603732,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Lancer,"I know Isuna Hasekura is a good author, but this was surprisingly better than I expected. Literally the only downside to this is that the next two episodes aren't out yet. If you're a fan of Spice and Wolf or Light Novels in general, don't pass this one up."
,Not Recommended,269250,33821848,Posted: 26 July,all,Red,"First I should make this clear. I'm a huge fan of the Spice and Wolf series, made by Isuna Hasekura. I own every single SeW novel and I absolutely love them, so I was excited to see a Visual Novel written by her.And yet, I was completely dissapointed.As many have already mentioned, it's amateurish. Almost no images, lots of black screens, repetitive music that loops awkwardly every minute..However, even with those problems, I was kinda enjoying the novel. That is, until the ending.This is the single worst ending I've seen in a Visual Novel EVER.And yes, I do know that there's episode 2 and 3 after this one, but the ending was so damn bad I can't bother with them.I really can't get into details in order not to spoil it for people who want to read this, but to keep it spoilerless, I will only say that the novel that is overall light takes a full 180º, introducing some.. ""conflicts""... at the last minutes and keeping eveything open in the end, with no sense of closure AT ALL.Even though it's just the first chapter, you can't just stop a chapter in the middle of nowhere and call it an ending.(Before anyone talk about my playtime, even when I was with the game open, it didn't show that I was playing it, and it didn't recorded the playtime either, for some reason)"
,Not Recommended,269250,10441862,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Megillot,"World End Economica episode 01 is a visual novel in a sci-fi setting. It is written by author of certain popular anime or manga or novel which I never watched or read, so writer's reputation don't mean anything to me. More important that WEE is a kinetic novel, meaning it have no choices at all - reader just follows the story, enjoying music and art on the way.Hal, the protagonist with whom audience supposed to identify, seems like an extremely poor choice for viewpoint character at first. He's unlikeable, arrogant and cynical, fixed only on making profits, idolizes rich entrepreneurs and despises poor common workers. Thankfully, he undergoes huge character development during the novel and becomes much more pleasant person. However WEE is a quite long novel and reader have to endure jerk Hal for the most of it. Nevertheless the changes in Hal's character are so drastic it's almost unbelievable. In the span of a couple months he goes from having inner monologue likethisto going into coma from stress and overexertion while helping the poor.Unlike characters, writing remains of same questionable quality throughout the whole novel. Two leads are both awkward teenagers and their dialogue is mostly them saying ""what"" at each other. The plot is centered around economics and stock trading but makes a bad job explaining the details to reader not familiar with this, like myself. Most of the narration during the trading parts is done on black background - was it so hard to draw several pretty graphs to illustrate profits or losses? As a result, I quickly lost all little interest I had to economics and just clicked through trading scenes.Visuals are nice; backgrounds are clean, but character sprites have a strange problem - shadows applied to their necks drawn with dashes. This single detail makes whole novel look like an amateur work at times. Music is nice as well, but nothing special.Final result: WEE starts weak but becomes much better during the final parts. Sadly it is not good enough to keep me interested in episodes 2 and 3."
,Not Recommended,269250,18820196,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CARDIOVERSION,It could have been a great VN. Too many black screens. Too many re-used images. Horrible ending. The great characters are the only pro. I'm just disappointed right now. would not pay a million mools for this.
76561198030503061,Not Recommended,269250,22917970,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,GoteRo,For goodThe story in its self is good.For badThe visual part is not that good. Its more novel then visual novel. As in 60% for the time i was looking at a black screen.The caracters are one dimensional but they do have some interesting interaction form time to time.It was a drag to read till the end when it all shined.If you realy want to read this novel i sugest to take it when there is a sale.
76561198115130371,Not Recommended,269250,28530789,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jin0uga,"Good idea but poor execution. When someone who is unfamilar with economics plays this, they're going to be bored half to death most of the time. I'm not sure whether it was the way it was translated since I liked Isuna Hasekura's spice and wolf series, but the story is absolutely dull, and the way things are explained make it pain to slog through the story. The ummemorable characters just make it worse.I bought it on sale but I still feel like I didn't get my money's worth. Bottom line, if you really want to try it out, try to experience as much of it as you can under 2 hours - if you find yourself bored, just go ahead for the refund because in my opinion, it doesn't get better."
76561198035786680,Recommended,269250,10089609,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Geekachu,Geeting that moon money and moon booty
76561198109506569,Recommended,269250,13927684,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Exploits,This is worth the money! I learned a bit about the stock market and I grew to love the characters. I give a 9/10 and I can't wait for the second episode!
,Recommended,269250,13048715,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Royal Hark,Amazing story.  Don't even think about getting this.  Just get it!
,Recommended,269250,13963638,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Mikan Tsumiki,The need for episode 2 is real
,Recommended,269250,16991058,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Hira,I no longer have any hope of ever being happy
76561198079432103,Recommended,269250,10044460,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Feoras,"This is simply just incrediable. I have watched tons of anime and have read at aleast thousand manga in my lifetime, but never have i been so attached as i was. In the first day alone, I probably clocked in about 8 hours worth of reading. Everything is amazing I would recomend this to everyone. The authors and music behind every scene, just fits, it helps you understand the mood of setting. Great work guys don't stop, you just got yourself a fanboy make. I would glady shell money out for quality products like this one. love the story keep it coming"
,Not Recommended,269250,17567206,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Rask Vann,"Game takes to long to start, has pacing issues, ending is poor, backgrounds black out for no reason and screen flashes at odd times. Translation is spotty, names of characters and places change between the different episodes. Music doesn't loop properly. If you don't have a good background in stocks you'll probably be lost in the story.The game's characters and story are between alright and good and I did enjoy myself but the game feels incomplete and rushed. This is improved in the next episode but there is no way ~12 hours of investment is worth that.This feels like a cash grab and without any choices in the game to make, this would have made a better anime, however with production value as spotty as this, it might fail even harder then."
,Not Recommended,269250,19915437,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,kjaydeck3,"This isn't an awful game, but I just couldn't get past the awkwardness of the narration and dialogue. I found myself having to reread things, the flow was just off for me.The concept was intriguing, and the world building overall was neat, it definitely interested me enough to purchase the game and try it out."
,Recommended,269250,14660603,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pudgeinabowl,This game answers all of your questions regarding what happens when some teenagers with too much money speculate on the stock market. The answer? Happy endings all around.
76561198008014355,Recommended,269250,14235497,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,AI Player 2,"""Pity isn't love, obligation isn't duty.""The writing in this series of games is such high quality that even the cringe-inducing line above can gain so much meaning and impact. (Second game of the series)Being the first episode of three, the writer starts off with some heavy world building, which may seem to slow the pace of the story significantly but the pace speeds up to Haru's (Hal's) abrupt end of childhood. The economic jargon can also be a turn off, especially if reading in a language that isn't your mother tongue. Despite these faults the top notch writing and good translation more than make up for these.The first episode ends in a sort of tragedy, but even then I would recommend this to some of the more critical literary readers. Essentially the style of writing that is used in this work is a character game or ""chara-ge"" as the plot could hardly be said to be the main focus, although it is interesting in it's own right. What makes this game shine is the interaction between it's characters. In episode 1 this would predominantly be Hagana and Haru. I'll be honest, I never really liked the stereotypical cold, blunt characters that are kuuderes but Hagana was able to make her way past this prejudice and shine as a character in her own right. The dialogue in this game is nothing short of excellent. Risa in particular has some fairly thought-provoking things to say.I would recommend this game to anyone that likes a good story. Also with the eventual introduction of Elanor (best girl) in the second episode, I would definitely recommend this game to people that like smart, fun dialogue with interesting characters. Readers that prefer a fair amount of moe in their games also might find this series decent, though most of it is more in the background rather than the main focus."
76561198066379129,Recommended,269250,11685908,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Aetherical,What the hell did I just spend money on.
,Recommended,269250,33687061,Posted: 20 July,all,juanduribero,"Fantastic VN, Simply a master Artwork. The music is also amazing :)"
,Recommended,269250,27614335,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Celsius ✘ Raspberry,Great story and soundtrack. :))
76561198072233058,Recommended,269250,16870332,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Big Trebba,Spice and Wolf but I don't have to cry myself to sleep each night cause my freinds think I'm a furry.
76561198025047055,Recommended,269250,20760537,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Flor,"Characters and story: A+Art: A-Sound: B?Production quality etc: CThere are no choices to be made: this is just a story to read about some very different and believable characters and their interactions in a well constructed and interesting setting, with a focus on economics (specifically stock trading) as a topic to bring them together (everyone has to have some relation to money in such a capitalist extreme).Isuna Hasekura's writing style (even outside of VNs) is very dialog + monologue driven: I knew it would work great in a VN and was not disappointed. I got the Isuna Hasekura book I wanted to read, along with some pretty nice art. The story was well researched and impressivly not full of holes: there were lots of times where I expected a plot hole, but for every one of them it ended up getting pointed out and involved in the plot. WORLD END ECONOMiCA did this even better than Spice and Wolf in my opinion, which is really quite impressive (Spice and Wolf pulled it off once or twice a book for me, which is still rather amazing). I really wish more authors had his talent for not filling the world with plot holes, which he somehow manages to do even in areas like economics where its so easy to screw it up.I got what I wanted here: another great book written by Isuna Hasekura. I didn't get a very well put together VN (Lots of free ones have better quality control...), but personally I don't care: I'm here for the characters and story, and that was very well done.The editing of the text seemed fine, as did the translation from what I could tell.Personally I don't find the main character very likable (who would like a 16 year old bratty boy really: I identify more with Hagane), but it doesn't detract from the entertainment value, and the character is very believable. (Note: Having read several of his stories, I feel better knowing the author is writing a sexist character on purpose: this is clear when comparing it to his other works works. If you want a nice example of his skills writing stories from different perspectives, take a look at book 7 from Spice and Wolf: there is a story from Holo's perspective which is a good read and has a quite different feel to it).My complaints below:While the art was pretty nice, it needed more of it, or to at least show it more (too much black screen without even character sprites).The audio balance was a mess (even after trying to correct it with the settings). Large sections (and sometimes little bits in the middle) were missing music and ambient sounds and felt out of place. Not all of the music looped smoothly, the background sound effects were mostly too quite for me to even notice compared to the music. None of it was particularly bad (in-fact it was good content), but it was just inconsistently put together: often well done and often distracting.Several scenes for which they already had character sprites did not show any of them, or even any background, just black (and at least once a lighting effect on the black). Its bad when in the middle of an emotional scene I'm googling around to try and sort out if something is just randomly missing or if its a bug and my game is broken.At least for me a lot of the animations were glitchy (often one frame with a sprite out if place, and many times the text disappeared for a moment while an animation played). There were tons of momentary screen shakes like if you had been hit at totally incorrect moments: either it was a bunch of software bugs, or a flaky job porting to Ren'Py and/or Linux (at least some of the bugs if not all persisted in the Windows build when I tried it wondering it it might work better). Saves did not sync over steam. Most games on this engine (Ren'Py) work far better than this for me (I've never seen any of these issues before)."
,Recommended,269250,21523323,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ssoRD,"It's written by the guy who wrote Spice & Wolf. It's pretty heavy on economics, so a basic understanding or interest in economics would probably be required for you to understand it. It's good though, and not yet more ecchi dating sim ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that seem to make up most Visual Novels on Steam.On another note, a lot of people don't like the main character, which concerns me because I identified pretty strongly with him the whole way through."
76561198000066930,Recommended,269250,21604548,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SF Phoenix,"When I read that this game was from the author of Spice and Wolf, I had to give it a shot, and was not disappointed. The story starts slow with lots of world building, but as characters are introduced, they gain depth rather quickly and the world gets extremely complex with each new character with an underlying theme of economics and stock trading.This is a kinetic novel, where you don't have choices and basically just enjoy the story. There are some points where there will be no backgrounds or music, and though these were probably used to have some sort of effect on the reader, they felt out of place to me. There are also a few typing errors. Overall though, I still very much enjoyed it and am looking forward to playing/reading it's sequel (it is part of a three part series)."
76561198260535830,Recommended,269250,21796418,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,GregoryH20,"PositivesGreat OSTExcellent CharactersStory is Well WrittenNeutralsOccassional Black BackgroundsSometimes No Music PlaysStory Starts SlowNegativesNoneOverall, the story took a while to get exciting, but when it did I was fully invested (no pun intended). It is worth all your mools to buy this ""game."" My rating is 8.5/10."
,Recommended,269250,21146263,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Peaches,good good good
,Recommended,269250,22041323,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Xirele,Worth the read. NIce music. Only thing that I disliked was the somewhat slow start. 7/10
,Not Recommended,269250,20154932,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Calistique,"This was by far one of the worst VN's I have ever played. Half of the time I had no idea what was going on nor cared to know. The story was slow paced and uninteresting with poor dialouge, unlikeable characters, bad visuals and random and constant  black screens. Overall it was not worth even buying on sale."
,Recommended,269250,26410509,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Brosus,its gud.
,Recommended,269250,16607641,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Imouto Love,"Played the game and got to the part where some one says, ""Unfortunately for you, boys younger then me aren't my thing   unless they're holding giant blood soaked sissors""... after that no charictar touched on the subject or even noted that some one had just said that. WTF does that even MEAN, Giant Blood Soaked Sissors, like-edward sissorhands, or the midget from clock tower! just what even, like WHAT!...oh and 10/10 give em your moneys and buy gam"
76561198073526517,Not Recommended,269250,13954610,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Doggiegamez,I dont think this game is worlth the $10 but if you have time the story is great. the only probelm is the times when they just use a dark screen background. it just needs more backgrounds like in the second half of the story.
76561198031043834,Not Recommended,269250,14117427,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Aglar,"I truly loved Spice and Wolf, which heavily influenced my choice to buy; however, I can not recommend this game.The point of the story was lost somewhere in the endless discussion of market trading.  Spice and Wolf also went quite heavy in the technical jargon, but still managed to focus and hook me on the developing relation between the main characters.  This did not pull off that magic.  I feel the characters did not have strong development, and at the end I could care less what happened to them.The artwork is well done and pleasing to the eye.  There isn't enough of it though.  There is a small selection of background scenes, and a small number of poses and expressions for each character.  The characters or settings will also not be appropriate to convey the emotion of the scene because of this.The background music is entertaining and well done, with most music used effectively to help set the mood.I finished in just under 11 hours and had to force myself to pay attention and trudge through it until the end.  I will have to consider at length before picking up any future episodes."
76561198146469054,Recommended,269250,17183906,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Evelyn,This game made me millions on the steam marketplaceI lost it all the next day10/10 would trade again
,Recommended,269250,32949941,Posted: 28 June,all,Maruchi22,Nice
76561197998235957,Recommended,269250,28152725,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pｉｎｋ　Ｓｕｐｅｒｖｉｓｏｒ,ain't dat sum♥♥♥♥♥
76561198083292469,Recommended,269250,12391216,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,the_axses,"as expected from the creator of spice and wolf.make some people who had/ undertake business degree doesn't even understand those economics theories.making people feels smarts if understands it.aside from kinda bad/ glitch in those ost in play mode that i experienced, It is good."
76561198062188469,Recommended,269250,12524163,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,12PcMcB00tyMeal,"I loved it. Highly reccomended for anyone that want a VN with a little intelect. The ending hits real  hard though, right in the feels. Cant wait till ep 2 and 3 are on steam!"
76561197960795824,Recommended,269250,31091355,Posted: 11 April,all,xelloss,"Great story, especially for those who like details."
,Recommended,269250,29410454,Posted: 21 January,all,Flowey,Anime was a mistake.
,Not Recommended,269250,17363246,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,evilimp,"After a couple of hours into the game, the protagonist is unlikable and I'm finding it hard to want to finish it.  I haven't found any options in this game, other than just reading it.  I really don't care about references to one of the character's underwear, either.  The art is nice, but it seems wasted.  If it's just a novel, make the paragraphs on the screen larger, especially when there isn't an image to go along with it.  Having to hit enter or a mouse click so often, becomes tiresome."
76561198088259969,Not Recommended,269250,10686651,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gurgeh,"I don't understand Japanese so perhaps it's just a poor translation but the English writing in this is just very poor prose. Passionless and amateurish. Like some bad fanfic... bad. To be as fair as I can I have to admit I haven't finished this. That said though while there may be considerable, all important character development to come it cannot possibly be good enough to redeem the main character. Said character near the beginning of the game is hostile, whose violence is only contained by his cowardice.Worst of all this character has a distinctly abusive, disdainful, hateful attitude towards women. In one scene early on he contemplates beating up a girl weaker than him, stripping her naked and posting naked pictures of her online, pausing to appreciate how her surly expression will work to his advantage in such an event. He obviously resents women being anything other than submissive, passive, or at best deferential. His recognition of this thought as ""dark"" does not redeem him. You can only write about this kind of abominable @#&T if you are capable of doing it with GREAT and clear artistry so as to serve some good, but there is no chance of there being any semblance of *social* commentary at this point. If it arrives later, that will still be too late, in other words it would be artless.One of the tags is Kawaii. Kawaii my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Where is the age rating?You can't spoil this stuff. Bury this artless misogynistic crap."
,Not Recommended,269250,15834032,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,conway,"Stilted writing, unlikable characters, poor production values.For a 'visual' novel, much of the visuals are just a black screen with text at the bottom. Writing is not enough to carry it.Also the author doesn't do a good job of explaining day trading but that might just be the translation."
76561198024060204,Not Recommended,269250,13822926,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,megiddoknight,"I understand that this is a novel, not a game per se. If the character was not a jerk, then the story may be worthwhile. However, hearing the guy's thoughts make me dislike the whole thing. The story writer did the anime Spice and Wolf, but the creativity did not make it to this game. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,269250,14834887,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,muffin,I've bought the game on sale but i can't even recommend that.The story isn't catching at all and you feel like reading half of a book before the background image is going to change.
,Recommended,269250,12485027,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,loch,"Yeah, it was okay."
76561198025577081,Not Recommended,269250,15163991,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Andthentherewerenone,"Imagine a game based mostly on conversations between a bratty early high-schooler and a girl who is literally autistic, and that's World End Economica.  As much as I've liked certain VN's like Song of Saya and Narcissu, this game is just boring.  It doesn't make it's content accessible to the reader, it's explanation of stock short selling and margins trading is completely wrong, and the characters are dull.It's basically Rainman without Dustin Hoffman, Tom Cruise, or gambling in vegas.  Oh, and it takes place on mars, but you'd never know it because it looks like any other stock japanese VN background."
01234567891011121,Recommended,269250,13024645,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,trucking 4 allah,where the hell is the next episode? 10/10 it was ok
76561198065055439,Not Recommended,269250,14775437,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Krabrick,"Thought it overemphasized some rather trivial stuff, otherwise, WEE is an ok read with some above average visuals.Don't buy it unless its on sale, not really worth its retail price."
,Recommended,269250,12452484,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,aiouh #TF2Center,gucci mane uhyou a cutie still
76561198013114541,Not Recommended,269250,13896169,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Avril Lavigne,"Hal says ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time.Why is this even set on the moon, it might as well be new york with all they do with it.""man i should take naked photos of this girl and post them on the internet"" ~the protagonist"
76561198023270186,Not Recommended,269250,11543900,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BishieFanatic,"Wait for it on sale. : )The art is very well done and it had me going for a little while, until I began to realize there is no choices, just reading. After an hour of playing, the story alone wasn't cutting it for me. Just a lot of talk. :/   My honst opinion would be to wait for it on sale. I wish I bought something else with my 13 bucks. ;.;"
76561198074751147,Not Recommended,269250,14253140,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Heisendinger,"it was okay until the protagonist started fantasizing about beating and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the heroineno, seriously, that happensi wish i could purge this from my purchases"
,Not Recommended,269250,14942234,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Count Talcula,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=409703348
,Not Recommended,269250,12029848,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ChiNEET,The world dosn't end 1/10
,Not Recommended,269250,12507469,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Boxtacular,CLICKING SIMULATOR(Pretty terrible story IMO)(It appears I have rustled some pantsu)
,Recommended,269250,10789526,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Attila the Pun,"First of all, this is a visual novel (technically a kinetic novel, but the difference is minor to most people). This means that if you want a game with your story, you should probably look elsewhere.But for those who want a good story, this is what you will get. Its a pretty beefy visual novel, definitely longer than many others on steam. Its storytelling approach isn't completely in your face, and handles situations that would be used for comic relief or fan service in a way that is mature - something of a rarity in these stories.The only thing that bogs this game down is that, occasionally, the text is a bit haphazard. Some punctuation might be misused or a sentence might not flow properly. It doesn't break the story, but its a noticable thing.If you're a fan of visual/kinetic novels, particulalrly Dysfunctional Systems, this is definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,269250,10833201,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ryuu,"If you liked the economic aspect of Spice and Wolf, it's pretty much just that.  Spends a lot of time on trading stocks and not so much on anything else. Just events to move the plot, but it seriously spends more time on investing than anything else."
76561198035667576,Recommended,269250,10813472,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Aerey,"AHG IM SO MAD RIGHT NOW! WHY WAS THIS SO GOOD? NOW I HAVE TO ANTICIPATE PARTS 2 AND 3. BETTER GO FUND THE KICKSTARTER, GOD DAMN IT."
76561198084871185,Recommended,269250,17089241,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Athose,"World End Economica is visual novel with no choices to make. However, the story is so awesome that it does not matter that there is no possibility to make choices. The story deals mainly with stock trading, but there is also some minor things happening along side the traiding, which adds a nice touch to the story. If you have read and liked Spice and Wolf novels by Isuna Hasekura you will also like this."
,Recommended,269250,16929129,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Potatomancer,"One of the best VN on Steam... for now.+ story, characters+ linux, MAC support- predictable ending- no choices"
,Recommended,269250,17519649,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Talir,"World End Economica episode.01 is a kinetic visual novel. There are no choices to be made in the playthrough. It features no or little voice-acting, some background music and still images with occasional overlaying effects.What it features in spades though is an enjoyable story with very believeable characters from an author expert in human interaction. Although I felt there was a slow start, the interplay between the characters is enjoyable throughout even if economics and stocks are not your main interest.It takes about nine or more hours to go through. Thoroughly recommended."
,Recommended,269250,16969861,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,OremLK,"World End Economica is a ""kinetic"" visual novel (meaning no choices) by the writer of Spice and Wolf.  The writing really takes front seat in this one, as the artwork is limited and much of the story actually takes place over black screens.  If that bothers you, take comfort in the knowledge that the author makes his living writing actual novels which are carried entirely by the text.  And the writing here lives up to that expectation of excellence.Just like in Spice and Wolf, Isuna Hasekura proves once again that you don't necessarily need to understand all the details of the plot to fall in love with a story and its characters.  I have a difficult time wrapping my head around economic concepts, so often failed to understand elements of the plot in this VN.It probably doesn't help that it's merely an adequate translation from Japanese, either.But none of that matters, because the stakes are clear and the setting and characters are great.  The ending caught me by surprise, and I can't wait to read the next one.Highly recommended for fans of story-driven VNs.  Just be aware, although there are hints of romance, this is no waifu-hunter.  There's much more at stake here than only personal drama."
76561198057696539,Recommended,269250,17902059,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sir Loin,+Thank you #Thankulive
,Recommended,269250,17797294,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,glebm,Relatable story and characters. 5/5.
,Recommended,269250,17203877,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Dymonex,Pretty good game. Engine is atrocious though.
,Recommended,269250,17492845,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Re: #fixChickensCSGO,Хорошая ВНка
76561198084731279,Recommended,269250,17563306,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ThedarkLegend0,This book is almost as good as NEKOPARA V.1.
,Recommended,269250,16592827,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ikotomi,"This is written by the creator of Spice and Wolf, so you can expect a lot of jargon thrown at you.There's no real hard economic theory involved other than basic knowledge of how stock trading works in order to advance the story. In fact, I would say that the actual market sections of the story are the weakest parts, as it eventually devolves into hand waving in order to describe things that can't actually exist (a formula that calculates future value of a stock based on past prices).Now if you can suspend your disbelief and excuse the pretension, it is a story about people facing adversity and falling in love, which is the story behind most great written works. WEE executes this well, creating likeable characters that you actually care about when bad things start happening to them. Perhaps what I like the most about this story is the honesty with which it handles the idea that everything has a price, a bit of common sense that people tend to forget too easily."
76561198081262288,Recommended,269250,14252988,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tactical Oppai,"After finishing this, I have full heartedly began awaiting the second episode. I truly hope the studio and the author are working hard to make this a master piece, just like the first one. I wait patiently, for the that this unique little butterfly becomes availible, so I can spend some money on steam, since my wallet is obease right now (not that I'm complaining)"
,Recommended,269250,16405115,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,mudball2,"Very strong start to a very promising visual novel for the following episodes to come. I think like Spice and Wolf, the pacing of the story is something to argue over. I can't say I was impressed in that department, but when the story took off, it was taking off for the best and left at a pretty somber note and hoping for the events leading up to resolution to be good ones. I definitely recommend for it's fantastic art and music and colorful cast of characters. One of the better visual novels on Steam."
,Recommended,269250,18368796,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Reika,"Great story, it really sucked me in!"
76561197997024840,Recommended,269250,18333842,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mamaro,"It'snot a gamebut a really goodnon-interactivevisual novel about...trading stocks on the moon. There is more to the plot that can be seen in the beginning but overall it's more of a slice of life story with it twist. A sci-fi slice of star.Art style is good (and very good if liked anything related to Spice and Wolf) but a lot of backgrounds/character poses are reused. Characters could used more expression, maybe different camera angles would help.Music is solid, but sometimes the tracks are paused and they start playing again. Like the loop is not completed and it breaks.Overall, a good VN. If you want to read some good story then go for it. If you want to play a good game then you won't finding anything here - it's not interactive."
,Recommended,269250,20397937,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Moenisa,"Nice game, should buy the episode.02"
,Recommended,269250,15832813,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DangerOnTheRanger,"Wow. Where to start with this one.A bit of background on the author is as good a place as any, so let's go with that. Isuna Hasekura is really big on economics. If you've ever read or watched his magnum opus Spice and Wolf, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. Technical jargon abounds in WORLD END ECONOMiCA, especially towards the end, so make sure you pay close attentions to the explanations the visual novel gives you, or be prepared to be left out in the dark.The CG (graphics) were pretty nice. My only minor nitpick would be that a couple scenes that I felt were important used the regular character portraits instead of special CG, but again, that only happened a total of about 2 times throughout the visual novel, so it's quite a small nitpick.The OST was great and nicely varied. A couple songs looped pretty poorly, to the point where I'm pretty certain that the audio file just restarted as opposed to jumping to a certain point in the song - it was that bad. A little jarring, but nothing too major.The script was nice, but this visual novel could have really used a proofreader. There were way too many typos and grammatical mistakes, especially considering this work's pedigree. Not that it was Hasekura's fault (it wasn't, by any means), but I expected better from something with his name attached to it.All in all, WORLD END ECONOMiCA is an excellent visual novel somewhat marred by a lack of polish, but again, all things considered, I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a visual novel to pick up on Steam."
,Recommended,269250,15745874,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Andre Jackson﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽cuck﷽﷽﷽,"Good story (which is the most important thing for a VN), but with a very limited amount of CGs. Badly ported to renpy, very buggy with a lot of formatting errors. Will hopefully be fixed with the upcoming port to Unity."
76561197963641038,Recommended,269250,15715981,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Gestaltzerfall,
76561198066049919,Recommended,269250,15860902,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,AstroBionic Cat,"If you like Spice and Wolf, you will enjoy playing this game, which has a similar vibe to it."
,Recommended,269250,14125655,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ThornyWoods,"I wasn't sure what to think about the characters in World End Economica at first. They seemed a bit one note, with the main character's slight crudeness and myopia being contrasted with his co-lead's incredible coldness. While the setting was engaging and detailed, due to the slow pacing at the start I was prepared to put this down to an interesting idea, albiet slightly plainly executed. The characters at least, I'd thought, were not the strong point.Oh how I was wrong. The beginning is slow to be sure, but the subtle tendrils of the character growth slowly worm their way into your heart. By the end of the story, I was sucked by the emotional and character themes that were marched in front of me so many times at the beginning I thought of them as set dressing until they became very, movingly real during the end portion.Absolutely recommended, but with a (perhaps obvious) warning that the story doesn't end here, or even wrap up an arc in such a way that you aren't demanding more. If you're the type who doesn't like to have to wait for a continuation, buy it when the second episode comes out. However, if you're looking for a gripping story arc, You'll definitely find it here.As a last note, if you find details on stock market trading interesting, there's engagement there too, but honestly if you don't care for them, the story will grab you just as well without an interest."
,Recommended,269250,14049155,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,nobukun234,"I wasn't sure if i was getting my money's worth, but i jumped at this game anyway since its by the author of spice and wolf. Mein gott what a ride this VN was.The story starts out rather slow, with the slice of life stuff and the trials and tribulations of a runaway 16y/o and who could forget the explanation of the stock market. I had trouble parsing some of the information but after running thru some wikis i moreless got the jargons. MORE OR LESS. (i went through the same thing with spice and wolf and still enjoyed that too)That did not get in the way of the story when it picked up, i found that it was very hard to stop myself from reading, and as always there's a vanilla love story in it XD. When got to the ending which was very very bitter, i had to lie down after that. I think all of us who have read the VN would agree that we need Epsiode 2 PRONTO.Technical side of the game, i find it to have somewhat of a cheap feel out of it, as in, its not like the VNs i was used to reading, probably because it was on renpy. That did not bother me that much. What bothered me was when you backtrack the script, the animations, transitions, music, and sprite changes alwasy rewinds. I backtrack a lot when reading VNs so this was very annoying to me. The music loop was not done properly, you can hear very obvious breaks in the BGM because at the breaks, it looped back to the start of the song instead of the part where the music is supposed to loop. Imagine listening to a song halfway through and it jsut stops abruptly and loops back to the beginning of the song, it brought me out of the game a few times. I hope the devs does resolve these issues. There's also some typos in the script :/Bottomline, given it's technical flaws and whatnot, it is still a great kinetic VN that most can enjoy, some might get turned off by all the jargons but once you are pass that, you're good to go. Stocks/10#needepisodetwonao"
,Recommended,269250,13980807,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,madhouseromance,...the feels.... it hurts..... >.o
76561197994566736,Recommended,269250,13983489,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Zetro,"The Anime Sale a short while ago put my eyes open and looking. Isuna Hasekura's name brought my eyes here.I can say without a doubt that I would have paid full price for this now, and I insist to anyone that has bought and read Hasekura's Spice and Wolf series, that this is right up your price alley anyway.-CLARIFICATION-This is not a multibranching Visual Novel Game.This is just a Novel, with Visuals.--The length blew me away. Even more importantly, I saw the episode one, so I was expecting the story to end and just about every major plot development. While not an intentional effect...I feel this ultimately added to my enjoyment, even if it's not an easily or sensible reproducable effect.As I felt it important to provide that clarification up there, you may have guessed but I was expecting a multibranching VN game. I was skeptical, because while I trusted Isuna Hasekura's name on any book, I wasn't sure if he could translate from book to game. Certainly, the industry doesn't have a massive success record for such things, albeit I'm still very shallow in the Visual Novel genre, so I speak there with no authority.This is not a concern, as this is essentially, a Book, enhanced. To be perfectly emotionally honest...I feel like this is an improvement, with how well it was used. Certainly it's not for everything, I can't even begin to imagine how Spice and Wolf could be made into a similar format with matching use of medium, but I suppose I'm not an author or a game designer am I?At the minimum, I will always be on the look out in future for Visual Novels that aren't multibranching story games, thanks to World End Economica. Previous to this, I would have thought it defeated the point of it being a Visual Novel. Now, I appreciate the value of the effects and emotions the additional medium power on the table.Potentially Spoiling Insight for the still undecided below:If you loved Isuna's Spice and Wolf series...this is just as good of a story but...in a different direction. The way the two affects your heart are completely different, even if they often use the same tools."
76561198090298806,Recommended,269250,14101258,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ultralight Beam,Good game to play in between Dota queues :d
76561198033156135,Recommended,269250,14355331,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Miro Laaksonen,"World End Economica caught my attention becaue it is written by Isuna Hasekura, the author of Spice & Wolf. Aside from that, I really didn't know much about it and didn't know what to expect.I was not disappointed.Following review is of course spoiler free:World End Economica episode 1 tells the story of Kawaura Yoshiharu (or Hal), a 16 year old runaway kid who excels at stock market. He has a grand dream of standing where no man has stood before, which in his case means being part of colonizing Mars, and in order to achieve this, he has left his home in order to amass money. Enormous amounts of it. Soon he encouncers Lisa and Hagana, two other central characters of the story, and... things will happen (which I wont discuss because they would obviously be spoilers). I will just say that I found the story really quite interesting.Oh yeah, and the story is set in the future, on the colonized Moon.Three central characters, Hal, Hagana, and Lisa are in my opinion all very well written. The protagonist, Hal, starts out as an incredibly irritating brat who only thinks about money, but the character development he receives throughout the story is really good and you can clearly see him growing as a person as the story progresses. Like Hal, Hagana also grows as a character as the story progresses, and Lisa is just all around very likeable character.At the beginning World End Economica spends quite a lot of time doing worldbuilding, which in this case consists mostly of describing life in the colonized Moon. This is something I very much welcomed myself as I found the setting fairly interesting, but it does slow down the story quite a lot at the beginning, so some people might find this aspect of it boring. Stock market as a subject matter might also be something someone might find uninteresting, but the way it is presented doesn't require any prior knowledge in stock market or economics, and despite lacking interest towards those two things, at least I was able to enjoy that aspect of the visual novel just fine.But I must say that as a subject matter, managing virtual stocks is not quite as interesting as (forgive me for a comparison) travelling around and negotiating in order to trade physical goods in Spice & Wolf. But either way, I don't think that it made the actual story of World End Economica any less interesting.I saw quite a few reviews saying that the writing in World End Economica felt bit amateurish. I strongly disagree with that. However, the translation is... well, it's not very good for an official release. There's a fairly hefty amount of typos and some sentences do not always sound very natural. I think that most of the complaints are most likely caused by the translation and not the writing, which I had no problems with whatsoever. The Steam version does come with both English and Japanese versions, so if you happen to know Japanese, you probably might prefer to read that one.I quite liked the art style of the visual novel, but I do have one complaint regarding the visual side of things, which is lack of backgrounds and CGs. World End Economica uses black backgrounds quite often, much more than most other visual novels do, which is a minor issue most of the time. However, there's also some cases where they didn't draw relevant key scenes I was looking forward to, so when there was only black background, I was fairly disappointed.Also, it is fairly obvious that even though the illustrator was not same, character designs were somewhat influenced by Spice & Wolf. I don't mind, I liked them.I don't have much to say about the soundtrack, but I'll at least say that the opening song, World End Economica by Kishida Kyoudan & The Akeboshi Rockets and the ending, retrograde interior by -PF AUDIO- were both quite good.So, should you get it? Well, in my opinion World End Economica is a very good visual novel, and I recommend that you do. However, keep in mind that as it is a visual novel, it is a solely narrative experience and there's no gameplay, so if that is not what you are looking for, you should probably look elsewhere. There's also only one single route and no choices, so keep that in mind if you want something that has those.One more thing, you might be wondering about this whole ""episode.01"" thing and whether it is worth getting before the sequels are released. Well, World End Economica episode.01 does tell a single standalone story, but without spoiling anything, I'll just say that the way it ends is... quite open, and if you liked the first episode as much as I did, you will end up cursing Sekai Project for still not having released episodes 2 and 3.In fact, I think that I'll conclude my review by saying ""Damn it Sekai, where's my episode 2!"" :P"
76561198024637582,Recommended,269250,14527138,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Wynterr,"WOW!!  I wasn't sure whether I'd be into this VN, and instead I have found that I totally utterly love it!!!Having gone through some excellent VN's, and some not too crash hot ones, I can safely say that the same emotional journey I got from Spice & Wolf the anime is well and truly replicated here!  I for one eagerly await the other two parts of this VN - count me in for pre-orders! :DExcellent art style, if a tad bland in some sections (tho it did match the storyline at those points), good choices with music - tho at times the music did get repetitive it didn't feel like it detracted from the flow - and unlike some VN's it matched the mood/feel of the content at the time.Without spoiling things, I felt as moved by this as I did by Eden, or Reverie - my two other all time VN favourites!  Yes, this is linear, but so is a normal book or manga - it's the content that grips you and to me that shows the mark of the content - how much it grabs you and holds you.  Even though this is the first of a trilogy, it doesn't leave you massively dissatisfied at the end - yes, I really really want the next episode, but I want it without frustration if that makes sense.The overall tone/mood will not be to everyone's tastes, nor will the pacing - but for me it's damned close to perfect.  Again the emotional side of it will also not be to everyone's taste, nor will the lack of H content, but if you want those, you likely be better served with other options like Eden Mosaic ed, or Hunie Pop or such like.  I personally love the rollercoaster this has on me - ymmv.Overall, I seriously recommend picking this up now - don't wait for a sale - you honestly don't know what you'll be missing out on if you do!"
,Recommended,269250,14537706,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Vrozaro,"Where do I begin? Kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack, pretty nice artwork, and a damn fime storyline to boot.Lunar stock trading runaway meets a spiritual woman and a smart girl.However: CLIFFHANGERS.I highly recommend any visual novel lover to check this rare gem out, but I also add that you should wait for the last two episodes to come out if you hate cliffhangers."
76561198013896322,Recommended,269250,14539723,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Fedora the Explorer,Contents:Stock market.Character development.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ THAT ENDING.10/10 would VN again.
,Recommended,269250,10496811,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ignisterra,"Stay calm, and read. That's the only thing you will do. No choice, just a story and good pics, what else ?"
,Recommended,269250,14969507,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Jhackler,"I went into this novel really not sure what to expect, and the first few lines didn't seem promising. However eventually I was enthralled. At some points I was so frustrated with the main character and so heart wrenched I wanted to make a decision to whip the main character in the right direction, but none where given. At other points I was worried it would give me one that would be difficult and cause something bad to happen. As it turned out there where no choices here and I was surprisingly fine with that.The reason? It was simply that this was such a beautiful story that was like a wonderful book with the edition of beautiful artwork. Furthermore the music for intense stock trades added something a book by itself simply couldn't, and managed to make the trades exciting. If you love stories that can play with you emotions and leave you deeply considering what it is you value most, give this a go you won't regret it. I am still shaken from that ending, however If you are one to complain because it wasn't much of a game pass it up.Personally I would give this a 5/5 and believe it is highly worth the money."
,Recommended,269250,15287046,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Xanthios,"Damn. That ending though.Great story, great characters, insightful commentary, and interesting dialogue about stocks and trading. I liked it a lot! Recommended if you enjoy Visual Novels that aren't just about romance. :)"
76561198054676991,Recommended,269250,11017491,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Haru,"if your a fan of visuals novels then you will love world end economica, because its an interesting new theme that i havn't seen in any visual novel, anime or manga. what first got me into this game was that i personally like animes, visual novel and manga so that what got my attention but when i started playing the visual novel, i started getting engaged in the story kind off like watching a anime or tv show with a lot of ups and downs. it was a story that kind off made you want to see what happened next at each mouse click. i will say i to be honest i had my problems with sometimes understanding parts of the stocks aspects, really when the trading was going on but i got the gist of it which didn't hinder it at all. don't know if it's me but i did when ever i got stuck go back to try to understand it so i am not blaming the creator, just something i wanted tob mention. the main hero Hal may have sometimes been a little roudy but that is what made him interesting and the same go for hagana and lisa they were all good characters. if your a fan of anime, manga and visual novels i highly suggest in buying this one because it has a great story, interesting characters and what do gotta lose at most is $13 and some time which you would have spent doing something along the line of playing a game or watching anime. thanks for reading my opinion"
76561198044043912,Recommended,269250,11456290,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,bazinga,good !
,Recommended,269250,11153785,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,BestPersonEver the Humble,DAYTRADING ON THE MOON.
,Recommended,269250,12134873,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Nonmelodic,"An amazing visual novel with an outstanding story, looking forward to the release of parts 2 and 3."
76561198079993315,Recommended,269250,11735235,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Welkin,"Now that I've finished the game, I can give a more thorough overview of it.I liked reading World End Economica, and if you want a different sort of tale than usual, you might like it too.There's complaints about the protagonist being selfish. However, once you read past the first few scenes, you learn his reasons for affecting a ""look out for number one"" atmosphere, and self-interest is appropriate in a story about money.The setting is fairly interesting--mankind (or at least its well-off half) has colonized the moon to the degree that it functions as an independent country with its own cities, people, and economy. Hal, the protagonist, has run away from home in order to make a fortune and stand at the forefront of this new frontier. Few people can find prosperity alone, though, and his life of economic self-interest soon undergoes change that can't be measured by money alone.I really liked the world building that went into the setting--details such as water being precious on the Moon and rain being scheduled to occur drive home how different Lunar living is.If I have one gripe, it's that the recent switch to the Ren'py engine introduced a few minor issues; scenes now suddenly appear instead of fading in, the music no longer loops smoothly, and scrolling up with your mouse wheel replays everything instead of just showing your text backlog (though the last one is more of a preference issue than a bug).Some issues got fixed, but it would be nice if the new issues got fixed too.If you're on the fence, I'd try the demo. If it hasn't made its way to Steam yet, you can get it from Kawa Soft's English page athttp://kawasoft.fr/english-information-page/"
,Recommended,269250,11673464,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,twitch.tv/tofutehsurvivor,"I'm just a little way in already, and I can already confirm that this is a better visual novel thanGo! Go! Nippon! ~My First Trip To Japan~.UPDATE:The story seems to be filling out well in terms of character development, and I can actually see this going somewhere that isn't a downward spiral.UPDATE 2:Really enjoying the characters, and I'm totally thrown for a loop. I wasn't expecting this to be very decent, it being a kinetic visual novel and all with no choices, but I'm impressed. I thought not being able to make decisions would hinder it greatl, but I feel like I'm reading a novel that could proove to be really interesting in the end. Excellent, and becoming more so!"
,Recommended,269250,18592456,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Coyy,"World End Economica is about a boy trying to make his dream into reality, but we all know life doesn't go that way that's why Dreams = Crushed.10/10 would never follow my dreams again"
,Recommended,269250,18519725,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[PUG] xthorgoldx,"Every writer has their pet theme. Asimov had his robots and their glitchy laws. Tolkein had his languages and hyper-complex backstories. Clancy had his military tech. They say to ""write what you know,"" since you write better from experience than from academic study; Isuna Hasekura, while no Warren Buffett, is most definitely an economics man. The charm for story conflict grounded in nothing more than fluctuating prices and market intrigue that he snagged readers with inSpice and Wolfvery much carries over to World End Economica, giving us yetanotherseries for which fans must exapseratingly explain ""I watch it for the economics!""An important thing to note about WEE is that, strictly speaking,this is not a game.It is a Kinetic Novel, specifically - a visual novel with no choices whatsoever. While this is a perfectly valid medium and one that offers great opportunity for storytelling (ref Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet [10/10 go read it NOW]), this fact isn't well communicated in the ""game's"" description and might catch you off guard if you wonder when the hell the choices intrinsic to VNs will show up. Just enjoy the story!While the story is good, the characters fairly well established, and the world itself an interesting one I look forward to reading more about in Episode 2, that's not to say this port is without fault. Namely, WEE suffers frompitifullybad technical polish. Scroll up to the demo pictures, one where the text box is up, and look in the bottom right. ""Title."" A friggin'default skin placeholder?!?There's no excuse for that save sloppiness. Bugginess also extends to other aspects of the novel, in rather annoying ways - at times, the text box bugs out, flickering like a damaged VHS on fast forward.The music suffers the most, as the tracks aren't properly looped, resulting in rather jarring transitions that you'll hearcontinouslyfor the entire read. This wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the fact that there are maybe six song tracks total... and the worst loop cuts are in the tracks that play during ""calm"" parts of the story. Again, sheer sloppiness - this is an issue that should've been caught literally ten minutes into the first playtest. It isimpossibleto avoid, given some sections of the story literally won't autoscroll through fast enough to avoid looping the song!Thankfully, gien that this is essentially a novel, the technical crumminess isn't a game-changer (oh, damnit, puns). The story stands on its own merit, and is well worth the read - $12 for a 20-30 hour read isn't that bad (as for my 112 hours, I kinda left the game on. A lot)."
,Recommended,269250,13229386,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Haze,That ending made my brain go wut?
,Recommended,269250,14699227,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zolarion,"Having just finished this visual novel (or kinetic novel as there is no interaction besides getting the next bit of text) I guess it’s time to write a short review for it.The story starts off slow and it took a long time for the characters to grow on me a bit, once you get past the beginning it becomes an interesting read. No surprise given the title, a lot of the text you will be reading involves things about trading stocks. The concepts used are explained relatively well in the without feeling as forced. In the end though, the trading is used in the story, but not what the story is about.  As for the conclusion of this episode, a lot of reviews already contain hints about that, so I’ll keep it short and say it seems like a good start for the second episode.While I like this novel, it does have some week points. The backgrounds are nice, but there are not a lot of them. The same can be said for the character poses and expressions, having some more variations there wouldn’t have hurt. The amount of CG’s is very limited, but the quality of the ones that are there is good. Just as the backgrounds are often repeated so is the music with a sometimes bit to audible loop. However, if you don’t mind a visual novel where you don’t make any choices, then don’t let the downsides dissuade you from reading it."
,Recommended,269250,14860998,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,neozanmato,"While the main character starts off pretty unlikable, what makes the game special is you see him mature and learn about life. Seeing a selfish punk stumble and mature into a young man who cares about others is pretty interesting.Good: Supporting Cast, Main character after first hour.Neutral: Money stuff.Bad: Main character during first hour. Ending."
76561198065256457,Recommended,269250,14043859,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Speedwagon,"This visual novel has a good plot, and many economic shenanigans similar to the authors other work, Spice and Wolf.  However, it is more than a little slow getting started, and contains many scenes that I think should have been cut in order to speed it up a bit.  The ending left a bit to be desired, though there are two more coming, so I'm hoping that those will improve matters.The story follows a teenager on the moon who ran away from home to be a stock trader.  He hopes to make it big and fund humanities continued expansion, and he ends up with a cast of interesting characters.  One or two play on familiar tropes, but the rest are rather unique.I would tentatively recommend this game, so long as you are interested in stock trading or the authors other works."
,Recommended,269250,14319975,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sengo Muramasa,"-coughs up blood-No Economica it's fine, I know you didn't mean to punch my heart straight out of my chest.But really guys this novel is amazing, but very feelsy. I whole heartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,269250,11834425,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Logiak,"""I definitely didn't hate this. I didn't particularly think it was fantastic though""hmm. This is a strange novel of sorts. Based around the worlds economy and stock trading. Most of it is fairly complex. Since there isn't much to describe when it comes to a book with pictures, i'll give you what I can. I definitely didn't hate this. I didn't particularly think it was fantastic though. I had moments where it made me laugh, or thoughts of mine would seemingly match the novel itself. But I don't believe it hit me as hard as other novels have. Perhaps it was the way the protagonist had some strange consistent thought process, that seemed all too focused on giving people genres and ordering people by comparison. But ""The feels"" were not strong for me for this title, unfortunately. Also, quite confusing, and complex. If you don't like those two things. Probably don't bother with this one....5.5/10 Visual novel3/10 game (Not really a game)"
,Recommended,269250,14168013,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,moridin84,"Great story, couldn't ""put it down"".Completely linear, no gameplay, no choices to make or even dialogue options. A novel in all senses of the word.Really wish it did have a branching story, just to avoid that ending. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,269250,14171386,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Inkie,Made me feel sad.Bonus sad points for translation of episodes 2 and 3 are still work in progress.
76561197970347221,Recommended,269250,14022066,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Varma,Entertaining
76561197972103428,Recommended,269250,13972577,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Melchizedek,Such sweet melodrama^_^
,Recommended,269250,14333867,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Paradoxicles,"If you're a fan of Isuna Hasekura's previous work, Spice and Wolf, definitely give this a shot, especially if you're a fan of VNs and fantastic stories. Even if you're not, I still highly recommend it as it's a great introduction to the Visual Novel genre.Unlike a majority of visual novels there are no choices to make that detemine which route you get locked into and which ending you receive. This is a great example of the linear VN: straight story, no fluff; just imagine reading a book, only there's music and CGs included. The length is roughly 13-15 hours, depending on how fast you read.The story is fantastic despite being heavy on the technical jargon of stock trading, though the basics are explained early on. It starts out fairly slow, but after the three main characters are introduced and fleshed out to an extent the story really kicks into gear and doesn't let up. The ending, though being somewhat sad, is satisfying and a great way to wrap up the first part of the trilogy. Definitely cannot wait until Episodes 2 and 3 are released!10/10"
,Recommended,269250,11893972,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,happy family planning,"short VN with a lot of stock market talkdecent read for now, you don't have to make any choices so there's just the story to take inwill update this when the next 2 episodes of this VN get released on steam"
76561197999823273,Recommended,269250,12025705,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Bananoman,A beautiful fairy tale about ugly futuristic world.
,Recommended,269250,11690922,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mihara,"Visual novel of the classic kind, kinetic novel subtype. Instead of being too short, as seems to be the trend these days for episodic titles of this type, it's kind of slow and ponderous (and long) and takes a while to get properly started. Shreds of original Japanese are leaking through, but that was probably to be expected. Using the 'adventure' presentation format for such a story was probably a mistake.The world being painted ends up being more interesting than the characters, I'd say, because I keep wanting to tell them about David Graeber..."
76561197992122242,Recommended,269250,11708393,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,shadowzero0,"If you're expecting gameplay, you'll be disappointed. If you liked Spice and Wolf, you'll like this, though the beginning is pretty slow."
,Recommended,269250,12086665,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,p00m,"I thought this was a pretty good visual novel. The story was exciting even though it's about the stock exchange (which is usualy pretty boring). Some of the times i was anoyed when there was no background picture (this could have been a bug though). But the story was pretty solid with interesting twists and character development.I would recomend this to people who love a good story but do not expect it to be filled with typical action scenes. Also if you dont like economics or bartering, this is not for you. The story revolves around making money.Also it was a decent long read. Not the short stories you sometimes get. I'm a pretty fast reader but it took me 13hours to read through this.Many people prefer to make decisions in the story. Well i'm sorry to say that this is NOT a game. It is more like a book which you read. So if you go into this prepared to make decisions for the main character, dont bother playing it because it's not happening.I came across some typo's or strange sentences but nothing too big in my opinion.I certainly can't wait for episode 2 to see how the story evolves.On a scale to 10 where 10 is perfect, 7 decent, 5 neutral and below 5 bad to extremely BAD. I would give this a 7 due to the black screen backgrounds and the typos. Otherwise it would have been 8."
76561198006891151,Recommended,269250,26330116,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GunSlinginOtaku,It's like Spice and Wolf but in space...Space and Wolf.
,Recommended,269250,26488983,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,GOOFY GOOBER,"Episode 1 was amazing...Finished it yesterday.The ending was quite surpirising!It made me quite sad.Like, really sad...SPOILERS!DON'T READ IF YOU HAVEN'T FINISHED EPISODE 1It really shocked me when Hagana left.The game was filled with emotion.And making that Barton guy backstab Hal, was...Honestly quite a plot twist.I'm around 20% in Episode 2...And man, I really wish Hagana would come back.Isuna did a REALLY good job at this visual novel....Even tho the ""visual"" about this visual novel isn't it's strong point, the plot was AWESOME.Buying this visual novel isn't a waste of money and I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,269250,27255839,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ruby,"good game, gave me emotions"
,Recommended,269250,27999709,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vash,"By Spice & Wolf's creator Isuna Hasekura, World End Economica is yet another marvellously crafted story by this talented author. The story is set in the distant future where mankind is no longer bound to the borders of Earth's gravity where humans have created a prosperous city on the moon. Home to the new stock exchange, skyscrapers, and major corporations, many rich and powerful figures have immigrated to this new world in search of expanding their fortune by playing the stocks and purchasing rights over undeveloped areas within the new moon settlement.The story follows a young boy's attempts at playing the stocks using wits and instincts in order to make a name for himself. Throughout the story the boy encounters a number of different people which completely change his life for good or for worse."
76561198216293708,Recommended,269250,28246496,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,beckyleester6868,"If you have ever played the stock market game in High School, you will identify with this game. I came to love all of the characters (even a couple that I thought would be boring tropes at first). If you like gambling, or playing the stock market, you will love this game as it brings you through the same highs you would get when winning in real life. Although the same can be said for the lows, so be warned..."
,Recommended,269250,17245777,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Anaxagoras,10/10 made me start learning more about stock market exchange and left me feeling empty inside for two weeks after I finished itHagana ;_; why ;_;
76561198032333761,Recommended,269250,27591767,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zangrief,economics is life
76561198064491025,Recommended,269250,28952968,Posted: 2 January,all,Quagsir,"I would recommend this visual novel however; just like Spice and Wolf, this is definitely not everyones cup of tea. The story; ignoring the obvious and fairly minor romantic sub-plot, is highly focused on economics, stock trading and a small amount of personal story for each character. And while I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it, it was really oddly paced and nearly lost my attention at several points; there are a few minor problems in the first half of the story and after that, things remain calm until the latter part, where the story piles all of the major plot points and problems on and it felt odd.The story, in a few lines, is about a boy who has lived his life on the moon after his parents migrated there. Not desiring to live in their supposedly-dull footsteps, he ran away from home to try and fulfill his dreams of becoming incredibly rich and helping to further humanity and he would build his riches by stock trading. In his misadventures he comes across several people whom either help him, or he wants to help. But things take a turn for the worse and episode one ends there. No joke, they decided to end the episode where things turned to crap after all the problems had piled on. But since I fairly enjoyed the story, I don't mind that. However, had I not enjoyed the story that would be the final nail in the coffin to convince me to not buy the next part and I reckon that will be true for a significant number of people.The characters weren't bad but the main character does manage to conjure up some seriously irritating thoughts and questions that make him seem like a bit of a dunce. In the end a final questionable decision rounds off the story for the episode. The main supporting character named ""Hagana"" could probably be labelled as a tsundere but as it should be, she does have a decent amount of depth beyond that. The second supporting character is named Lisa and is the caring adult who has an almost dishearteningly-positive outlook on life because she has clearly had a fair amount of hardships herself. She was definitely my favourite character out of the lot. Besides these three characters you have Serrault, the pervy net cafe owner and Barton, the kind and hearty big-shot company owner. And there are developments involving each one, even some of the minor characters I haven't mentioned. This is one of the few times I would be willing to say that the characters are better written and developed than the rest of the story.The music while relaxing and definitely suited to the subject matter, does not loop perfectly on some tracks. For the most part you can ignore it but it can be difficult to ignore and get damn irritating. The artwork is nothing to write home about. It looks decent but nothing stood out to me.Final words: Nicely developed characters but the story is definitely not for everyone; especially those who tire of hearing about trading stocks or want a more in depth romantic sub-plot. The artwork is decent but the music tracks don't all loop perfectly."
,Recommended,269250,28967078,Posted: 2 January,all,kazenone,"A surprise hit for a game about stock market trading.Set in the future where mankind has started creating megacities on the moon, a story of wealth and poverty. The details of how the stock trading is done were well explained so I was able to follow along without any prior knowledge and get excited along with the characters.This is a kinetic novel, so there is a story to progress through but no choices to be made. The characters were interesting and I felt myself cheering them on as well as being hit by a big dose of feels... Let's see how Episode 2 goes!"
76561197994565624,Recommended,269250,13261046,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Johnny RonBeard,"Review edited after completing Episode 03.World End Economica is a fairly lengthy kinetic novel (non-interactive story) that has a rough start but becomes rather engaging, and through its three chapters has become dear to me.  The fact that the story is about economics is at once both entirely tangential and ridiculously important:  Economics serves as the framework, the catalyst, and the bane of the characters' hopes and dreams.  The story makes dry, complex, or possibly alien financial concepts like stocks and financial crises both accessible and interesting, even while those same take second stage to the characters living in them.  I wish I could have gotten in on the kickstarter for this years ago, but I had no idea at the time how important this series was going to become to me.The characters are engaging, sometimes loveable, and sometimes infuriating but also full of surprises.  They are easy to grow attached to for good or bad.  The mood music is spot on, and some of the artwork is breathtaking, both visually and emotionally.  As education, as literature, as art, World End Economica is an amazing product.It was hard to find words to express how important World End Economica has been to me, so even with my own shortcomings I hope my review has helped you decide whether or not to invest in World End Economica.I hope you have chosen to take the risk."
,Recommended,269250,28999089,Posted: 3 January,all,[MC]SoCoM,The story are very interesting and fun.
,Recommended,269250,29265993,Posted: 14 January,all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,who knew stock trading can be fun to readAnd it actually gets better as it gets nearer to the end
,Recommended,269250,35228813,Posted: 26 September,all,Black Panther,"The Visual Novel World End Economica surprised me quite a bit, it is one of those rare reads where the hero is a businessman that specializes in stocks, he is a master at reading stocks and companies. He lives in a city on the moon which is a nation on its own, but where government have almost no say in anything, it is an economic free zone, it is a bit like early US, and Hong Kong used to be and to some degree still is. It tells his story his downs and ups and about his dream, and how he works towards his goal using his brains. There is some religious elements thrown in there, but fortunately they are minor. The focus is on the hero and how he fights to achieve his dreams and for what he believes in using his brains. Towards the end I expected to be majorly dissapointed, but was positively surprised. Do not want to say to much in case one are interested in reading it. But for a non Objectivist book it was a pretty great read, and a fresh breath compared to all the other out there were people such as he are always the bad guys."
,Recommended,269250,34509321,Posted: 26 August,all,Elles,"Length : about 13 hours ?Is it a good novel ? Yes. Though there's a lot of technicalities that went over my head.Is it a good Visual Novel ? Nope.First, it's a kinetic novel, so no choices, just a story to read, which is not bad per se; I bought this knowingly.Most of the game was just black screens with text. Yep, no background image. And a few times the background wasn't corresponding to the actual action.The musics are looped incorrectly, they just repeat themselves but don't loop seemlessly.(Well, one of the scene was powerful because it had no music. But then again, it would have been even better with voice acting too...).So, it was a good first part story-wise, but the package was handled very poorly.So, do I recommend it ? Yes, for now, and at a discount. Since it's one long story rather than 3 separate ones, paying full price might be much for some.Edit : The second episode corrected all the technical issues of the first and no longer feel as amateurish. Nobody's perfect but a proofreader would have been useful to correct the few mistakes I spotted."
