user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,269310,24879605,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Eizo,"""WALL OF TEXT OMG! No, PLEASE, give me the short version!""-Ok, here goes:Infectionator : Survivors is a game with lots of potential but sadly doesn't deliver, it's says it's released but plays like it's still in early access. Easy to master, quick to finish, lacks replay value.I bought this game on it's release day, it's full/gold release day. It had been in early access for quite a while before that and been on my wish list for almost as long. So seeing that it was finally completed pleased me, so I bought it.The game is good in many ways, great even. It has nice pixel graphics and a fitting soundtrack. It is also fun to play, for a while.The first reef barrier you hit is the frustrating random no-control insta gibs of one or all of your survivors; when on the strategical map, now and then when you move to another city block you get a prompt telling you that your team of survivors has encountered this or that, like a car on the street with boxes spread around it. Now you get pick between two choices, either leave it alone or examine the boxes.The results? Well, it's either, A. nothing of value, B. some lesser valued stuff like twenty rounds of ammo and two food supplies, C. something valuable like a weapon (really, really rare, only found one once), or D. for Death; one to four of your survivors die, with no chance to revive, heal or mitigate damage. And the D. result happens quite often, I'd estimate about 20-25% of the times. So, you learn fast not to examine any boxes, open any doors, or doing anything besides leaving text events alone. The risk is NOT worth the reward, not at all.But it doesn't end there, no no. Sometimes you don't get a choice. Instead, the game simply straight up tells you that one or more of your survivors have died, because ""Hey, tough luck!"". Could be ok if survivors in this game were like lemmings in Lemmings, or soldiers in Cannon Fodder but they are not, they are more like the soldiers in X-Com or  adventurers in Baldur's Gate.Dieing in a hard game, a survival rogue-lite because you make mistakes, misjudge or just plain isn't skilled enough is one thing. But losing because of random events you have little to no control over isn't fun, especially not when these events are text based in an action oriented game, no booming explosions or goory pictures of zombies gorging on flesh, only a plain sentence telling you that ""Mike didn't make it"".Good thing that you can press Alt+F4, restart the game and get a new random seed. Mike is alive!So, how is the ""actual"" game then, when the random text events are finally handled? It's fun.Well, for a while.If your survivors live on long enough (more than one day), either because you chose not to take part in any of the texted events, restarted the game to get a new seed or just got lucky (I don't like this kind of luck, unvolontary russian roulette is not fun, only frustrating), you will  quickly find all you need for your team while you are out exploring the city.Sure, you can craft alot of things in your base, like weapons, armour, grow and cook your own food to make supplies and rations, but there is no need for it really. Because you will find everything you need while you are out exploring, even food. If you have the slightest amount of brain power you will quickly find the optimal tactic to win the action sequences, whether that be the tower defence-like scouting missons or the more free-roaming exploration missions.And then you win the game. On my first successfully completed playthrough I had owned the game for three days, played a little each day. I beat the game under nine in-game days, which there is an achievement for. You start out with a fifteen days limit in which you must repair your car and escape. That can be extended to thirty days if you spend tickets which you earn by completing runs, winning or losing.So, after beating the game, even doing so on less than half of the required time, do I feel like play ing it again? No, not really. I mighth be going back for (some of) the achievements that are left, but I don't feel too excited about them since they are mostly ""grindy"" ones.Remember how I wrote that that you don't need craft anything, because you will find everything you need? Well, guess what, several of the achievements are for crafting lots stuff. Others are grindy in the hoarding sense, either kill things in the thousands or collect ammo in the tens upon tens of thousands, or loot a couple of thous... well, you get the idea.These ""grindy"" achievements might have been ok if the game had any kind of real replay value, which it doesn't. Sure, you can unlock different teams with your tickets, instead of stomping koopas with Mario you can flatten koopas with Luigi, or you can beat M. Bison with Ken instead of with Ryu (ok, maybe this is a bad analogy, ...yeah it is).Point is, there is no replay value except for grinding out achievements; there are no special endings, no leaderboards, no functional endless/survival mode, no actual new things to explore or discover.Apart from this there are also bugs, glitches and genereally unbalanced and unfinished elements in the game. This game left early access too early. Which is sad, because it could be a great game, and I really want to enjoy it.Perhaps it will become updated and finally become ""full"" some day, I surely hope so, and that that day comes sooner than later. If so, I will update my review."
,Recommended,269310,9821493,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Life is Strange™ fucked me over,"Infectonator : Survivors , Small Review by Santo98I would just like to start with this game being within Alpha and I can not go full blown with this.Pros:- The Music gets you pump'd- The Scavange System is nice- Movement system is nice, you can either click and drag or just click- For being in Alpha, there is a nice amount of weapons.Cons:- After Completing a Mission, you are only greeted by a sentence saying you've made it, at least something visual- The price of healing, I think it could be lowered to atleast 30 or 35 coins, 50 coins is quite a lot- Your ability to reload, automatic reloading between waves would be niceOverall though, I'm enjoying this game so far and hope the best for it and all of it's future updates, being a fan of the series."
76561198026495561,Not Recommended,269310,32351888,Posted: 11 June,all,DragoonExMachina,"It's a low-quality phone game with deceptively decent pixel graphics, stuffed chock-full of 'features' designed from the ground up to force you to spend real money on in-game purchases in order to make the game even vaguely playable."
76561197976425190,Not Recommended,269310,29715048,Posted: 5 February,all,Isebrand,"Like others already wrote, i had to say its not easy to downvote this game:+lovely retrolook+""survivors"" from other games or youtube+a few mistakes and you die+random maps+you get boosts and other teams for new gamesBut the bugs still wasted hours of playtime:-sometimes unavailable questitems (you have to start a new game...after hours)-sometimes the game doesnt save (without any warning...2 lost hours was my max)-some ambushes broke so I often have to restartSomeday I will return to this game and vote up, if the bugs are gone."
,Recommended,269310,9819117,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Chappie,"Pretty fun little game. For an early access game, it's pretty enjoyable. Very difficult at times. If you expect it to be like Toge'sflash project ""Infectonator"", you'll be dissapointed. It has the same art style, but this game is much more than what the original flash game was. There's still some room for work here, but like I said.. Early access, so it has time to become something huge."
76561198044971829,Not Recommended,269310,12918550,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,dark_matter_mobius,"This game is a tad bit fun. It might even be worth your hard earned monies. But not at the price of 12.99. This is a 2 to 3 dollar game at best. I can easily, off the top of my head, list games that are in the same genre and beat this game hands down: Project Zomboid, Fort Zombie (even with all the bugginess), and rogue survivor. What I expected, from the description of this game, was Fort Zombie+UFO: Afterlight-lots of things due to it being alpha. What I got instead was essentially a more spiffy web browser game (even the graphics reinforce this notion of the game).Pros:+Solid semi-fun mechanicsCons:-No challenge (you don't even need turrets half the time and you would be hard pressed to lose any survivors)-Limited tech tree-Oversimplified mechanics (for a zombie game that's 12.99)-Unintriquing story-Pretty much no content that justifies the current price even for an alphaThis may all change as the devs continue to release material for the game. However, until they do I highly recommend those of you looking for a rogue zombie game to check out Project Zomboid, Rogue Survivor, and even Fort Zombie if you are considering this game. If you haven't played Rogue Survivor it is FREE to download and play, and it offers a good challenge for those who like games in the rogue genre. On the other hand, if you want a good rogue-like game that combines RPG, strategy, and tower defense there is also Dungeon of the Endless which is absolutely fantastic (and very challenging).More in-depth analysis:I recently replayed this game. While the tone is much more apocalyptic many of the issues I had with the game haven't been addressed. Primarily, the issue of getting me hooked and wanting to continue to play the d*** thing. I'll divide this up into several sub-sections.1. Failures on the zombie survival game level.Again, if you're looking for something to fill the void of being eatten alive by the undead (wait, what?) there are plenty of other titles out there. This game fails on this premise simply because supplies are too plentiful. It is too easy to acquire absolutely everything that you need to survive. Most zombie survival (and rogue-likes) turn every move into a time vs ammo vs hunger sort of mechanic. IE, if I engage that horde of zombies how much ammo do I waste to get the supplies they're guarding? That simply isn't the case here. The issue becomes simply one of finding enough food and resources, which are too plentiful. But that's partially due to design. Because you *have* to clear each level there is no room to design the levels around players making strategic decisions (rather than just tactical ones).2. Failures on the level of tower defense.The towers/turrets are still just over-simplified fluff. I didn't get to (and I didn't want to either) play long enough to see if we see towers/turrets evolve. Are they even really necessary? Well, they could help someone who doesn't know how to manuever characters in the middle of combat. I could see that, but I still don't feel that we need them. At this point in time they're just feature creep.3. Semi-successful on the management side:With getting rid of the rest period between fights we actually do see a useful element of management occuring, however this is undermined by the fact that the game is still way too easy. In a 1-2 hour play through I ended up with enough characters to both send out into the field and to research/build stuff (and I choose a 2 character start). If the devs manage to make the game challenging the current management part of the game might become more important and less feature creep.4. Still just a way too easy RPG tactical:We still don't see the game improving to the point of really having much promise. It is mildly fun for a 1-3 hour play through (though boring to come back to). While the devs talk about a lot of exciting improvements none of the changes they're proposing will actually fix the main issue with the game: Making people want to (continue to) play it.I think what has to absolutely be addressed is either developing a decent story to make us want to play through the cities or to ratchet up the challenge (preferably both). The later of which doesn't necessarily have to come from overhauling combat, just rebalancing how players get resources. Specifically, redoing drops from zombies and forcing most of our resource gathering to be from scavenging the mission sites. This might make both turrets (as a way to deal with really difficult waves) and management (as a way to balance injured personel) more important and less feature creep-ish."
76561198105073227,Not Recommended,269310,28396156,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,montieth127,"I really want to like this game, I really do. But the mechanics are bad, and the luck factor is completely imbalanced. One game you get 5 car batteries and 6 fuel on your first run, the next you get neither after 4 raids, making winning virtually impossible at that point. The swarms are overpowered and random, your characters are idiots (run through the toxic slime or just stand there dying for no reason!) and there is no sense of balance in the gameplay. It's a great idea and a setup that really should have worked, but it doesn't. Don't drop your money on this one. You'll just be rage quitting again and again after hoping ""this time"" the potential will pay off."
76561198069524134,Recommended,269310,14945206,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,bwekfust,"The game is really good, but I have a couple of suggestions:- I think at the moment it's way too easy. I'm able to hold off a block at ""Dangerous"" level including a boss zombie with only 2 survivors with no problem at all. I now have something like 15,000 ammo and 300 supplies and an insane amount of weapons and building material. Also, I don't know about anyone else but I've never had the need to build turrets.- Going through blocks that you have already cleared is incredibly tedious... you're needed to hunt zombies in the building even though you have done it already? I don't see the point in having to do it a second time, especially if there's one zombie left and you're out on a wild goose chase to find it is pretty agrivating. Maybe after a random amount of days those blocks can become repopulated with zombies again?- I really dislike that you have to always return back to your HQ in order to save progress. I think there should be an option to set up camp at the block that you have just cleared, maybe have a limit per in-game day that you can do this.- I hate that you can switch equipment mid-clearing. It should be that the weapons that the survivors are already using to shoot zombies just stay that way until it's clear.- Just a glitch I've come across when clearing zombies in the merchant block. I headed to a merchant block that I had already cleared and found that there were two merchants?? I couldn't talk to the second one or anything, it was just his playermodel standing there. No guards, just the merchant.- It'd be great to see more variety/customisation in the survivors. Maybe like weapon specialisations, such as rifles or shotguns. Or even talent trees.All this being said, the game is really good and would recommend playing this game, and any other Infectonator games, it's just a couple of things that I think could be improved."
76561198040639297,Not Recommended,269310,24847878,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Aemar Canderin,"This game is almost good. I enjoy the survival aspect and the resource gathering. However I do not like how you cannot assign a character to rest. He will just stand around ""tired"" for hours. When it comes time for a mission he is tired and will walk slowly for all the missions you under take that night. There is not a way to strategically avoid this. It is a dice roll to see who is tired and who isn't. It is a strategy game so that is frustrating.When you need a particular resource it is not more abundant or more likely to be found at any particular destination. If I need fuel I am just as likely to find it at a church as I am to find it at a gas station. This removes the strategic nature of choosing your missions.The game also appears to be free onhttp://www.miniclip.com/games/infectonator-survivors/en/#t-sd. Perhaps it is an older version of the game with less features but it appears to be the same game. I paid for a free game. I feel like I have been hoodwinked!"
76561198196527501,Not Recommended,269310,27948550,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr.Kartupelis,"I used to love this game, I played it back when they released the Demo back on Kongregate, I remember commenting ""I'd buy this for $15"" And sure enough, it was around that price. I happily added it to my library, and built up my fort, I was a force to be reckoned with, and then...... After 24 hours of work...... When they updated the game..... It deleted it, all my work, gone, an entire DAY sunk into this game, that I was never getting back, I was furious, I ended up leaving this game to collect virtual dust for months, and then I returned thinking ""Maybe I can just restart, it was fun, after all!"" And what I saw was just plain horrible. It was so scarily bad, that you could've sworn that it was the Halloween Update. They brought back the ""Escape the city before it got nuked"" thing, and if I remember the Demo, some of the top comments were asking if that could be REMOVED, and for a while, it was. You may think ""Just play survival"" But as far as I know, in order to get passes, you need to do Campaign. That IS just a guess, BECAUSE THEY DON'T TELL YOU! Now, as a lot of games do, it starts you out with the cruddiest team, and forces you to get the previously stated passes, this would be bearable, except A: It doesn't tell you how to get passes and B: IT USED TO BE FREE. They stripped away content, just to shoe-horn in passes. That's just plain scummy. I don't even know if it gets worse, I could only endure a bit more of the new gameplay before feeling the need to write this. This is a minor complaint, but I think the goop thing should be an extra ""Pass"" feature, as it just feels annoying, not difficult, annoying. So, overall, I'd give the original an 8.5/10, and the New version 3/10."
76561198055224834,Recommended,269310,14492912,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lucifer Blade,"At the first look, this game looks like any other better flash games. It might be true but it's pretty addictive and funny. Soon enough you'll noticed that you spend quite some time on it. With each update you see more and more stuf which brings more tweaks to the game, making it even more interesting.Game is quite simple. You fight zombies, look and scavenge for materials, upgrade your gear and your characters, explore town, fight bosses, find survivors, fix your car, get some fuel and travel to next town. Even if it sound quite boring at first you end up playing the game for few hours and only then you notice how much time you spent on this ""simple"" game. I myself ended up playing from the begining like about 30 times just because I didn't want to see my characters dead haha... After spending more time you notice that some areas become harder to deal with and you end up constantly healing your characters or trying to find a better strategy how to fight off zombies. Turrents, reminding you tower defence games, help you a bit but they need quite some supplies and they stay at that place, unless you dismantle then. Of course, no matter what you're doing zombies sometimes get to eat raw brains and you end up losing a character which might or might not be very important for you because of it's stats, gear and/or anything else :PI spent some time on this game and I'm pretty happy with it. After a while you notice that it might become more interesting with more stuf, but for that we need to wait for more updates. I really recomend playing this game even if only for a short time."
76561198059965225,Not Recommended,269310,24896260,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,royama00,"Please Remove the 15 day Time limit. There is so much here, but i can't enjoy any of it because i am racing a very close deadline. As a result, I ignore All forms of crafting, side quests, population building, and anything else that isn't growing/cooking food or getting to quest markers. That means that 90% of the game features are wasted. Just give us a sand box mode. it'll be nice."
76561198207584641,Not Recommended,269310,29368491,Posted: 19 January,all,deckion98,It is kinda with a heavy heart that I have to rate this bad. I played it when it first arrived on armor games and fell in love. (fun fact this was actually my first steam game) However over the last year it has gotten worse.Overall: I liked the game but it has since gone way downhill and I really hope they can update or fix it to be amazing again.Back in may I had 14 survivors 100+ food and made it to town 4. It was ablast and I was constantly pushing further.This changed however after a few updates that did not improve the game.First thing is (like everyone else) I do not like the acid. It does way too much damage and pops up way too often.Another is that one of the starting survior groups that you could choose (Mar and pewds) are no longer selectable.The quest system is also very confusing. Unless you are writing it down or have a really good memory you will forget what each spot is and will waste time.It has lost its original feel of stockpile and try to survive. It now has changed to: How lucky am I this run?
,Recommended,269310,9824734,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,stadi0,"I played the flash version, loved it. I was excited for this early release and have not been disappointed. This game is simple, addictive, and (surprisingly) thought provoking.Pros:-Weapon range-Character builds-Random events-Research system-Characters actually loose life when they don't eat-Weapon knockback feature-ReplayabilityCons:-Reloads and/or heals not completing on level transitions-Map navigation makes portion of the game slow and tedious-Level length (would love to see some 3 or 4 transition buildings to add to difficulty)-Supply/Weapons are never obtained where they should be (gun store/police station never have any guns). Would be cool to know exactly where to expect to find certain types of items. Would make map navigation more strategic.-Supplies are maybe a little too scarce (while I realize this meant to be a zombie survival game, 2 to 0 supplies per building make it almost impossible to keep the basic 4 character team build from starving each round after a while). If you want to have more than four players to focus on research, forget about it. I very rarely keep more than 6 players on my team for this reason.-Not being able to walk and reload at the same time. increases difficutly, but not very realistic.Best Feature:The ""random events"" system at the end of some levels is what completes the game for me. After a few hours, the game can become fairly stagnent. Difficulty increases, but if you get the hang of weapon combos (2 ar's, 1 shotgun, 1 melee) and creating choke points, you can breeze through most of the levels with little difficulty. And then, once the game starts to become mechanical and get boring, it throws an uncontrollable  wrench into your system: ""You hear moaning behind the door...A zombie horde is onto you, you manage to get away but now all survivors make it."" All of a sudden, you loose your best weapon, you loose your best player, and you have to completely reevaluate your approach.. Do I need to go find a merchant?. Do I need to go find a survivor?, etc.. BRILLIANT game mechanics to spice things up in a no-going-back zombie game.  I would love to see further development in this portion of the game.Worst Feature:My biggest complaint about the game mechanics would have to be with the map navigation. As the cities get bigger, only being able to move to adjacent buildings makes the game progression very slow and tedious. At certain points in the game, you just want to move across the map quickly, especially when you have alreayd cleared 98% of it. It would be nice to be able to move to any building that you have already occupied, no matter where it is on the map or how far you are from it. This would expediate th e most tedious portion on the game and let you get into the core gameplay quicker.All-in-all, a very good game. For the price, I would recommend it."
76561198109112656,Not Recommended,269310,24834933,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Qualtain,"At my first playthrough when my characters came back to HQ from first nigth exploring, got an automatic random event telling me one of my four characters on my team died due to a zombi ambush and fatigue.Not a fun mechanic on a survival / management game.Anyway this is not a bad game, just too much grind for my taste and cheap deaths ruin the fun."
,Recommended,269310,9821736,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Zolamee,I loved the original games but this is quite different but its not a bad thing it is still highly adictive once you get the hang of it I simply love it :D
76561198266248645,Not Recommended,269310,25132419,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,amne,"I've played countless hours of Infectionator II, and this game seems to be a great follow-up, however in my experience it is not.Pros:+ similar 8 bit still graphics, making the game optically enjoyable+ killing zombies+ crafting items is funCons:- Not very polished. The map just shows ""quest"" or other markers on certain buildings, but not why (is there a person in distress? Fuel? Supplies?). You just have to go there to find out, which is annoying if you return to a game you played a couple of days ago. In general there are a lot of things that could be improved in terms usability.- ""Permadeath"" and staminaIn combat you may lose a character permanently if they die and you don't revive them. Maybe you played too risky or had bad planning - it's OK to lose someone. Except for the fact it can be easily solved by closing the game and reloading the last autosave. That's not permadeath at all.However, if you are not in combat, and you run out of stamina (or use the retreat button), someone might die in a text based event. This can not be avoided by closing the game. Oh wow, I didn't properly count that I need 8 stamina back to the house and now I've lost half my team. That was exciting. NOT.What makes it even worse: Some of the quest houses are so far away you cannot reach them even with maxed out stamina without running out of stamina and subsequently losing team members. Again, this is not connected to skill, good planning, or to the stats of your team members (at least i assume so), but simply the game killing off teammembers.- green acid gooIf you kill a zombie, sometimes a puddle of green acis goo will remain in its place for some time. If you touch it, you will lose health.This is probably even more annoying than the text based deaths. Sometimes the goo will make you chose another exit from a room because the first one is blocked, hence acting as an element of chaos and chance, but in 99% of all cases a green puddle of goo will just be in the way, blocking the only entrance or exit to a room and annoy you by being there. I really don't see how this makes the game more enjoyable or interesting.- Low replay value.1st game: Lost entire team, quit game.2nd game: Figured out how to fight and how to find items. City got nuked after 15 days.3rd game: Managed to escape city4th game: Started with other characters, managed to escape city. Quests were slightly different, but began to feel boring.5th game: Meh.Overall it's a nice game, but the annoying things are a real dealbreaker."
76561197987931648,Recommended,269310,9889691,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Boomwolf,"This game is addictive, fun, and challenging! A good mix if strategy, tower defence, and rpg, in a wonderful pixel zombie apocalypse!"
,Recommended,269310,9821345,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,kesadisan,"Early Access Review 4/15/2014First time playing it I died at tutorial XDSecond time playing it realize the game is generating the map all the time, which is pretty good to consider the game won't be boring, quite intense at time, but sometimes confusing in the way to control the character, also the tutorial is still vague enough (Understandable, but not quickly understandable).I end up died at Day 5.So basically, a good start on alpha, hope to see more of this game.P.S. I don't know why, the steamworks overlay doesn't work here :/"
76561197970903359,Not Recommended,269310,29972207,Posted: 16 February,all,Ravix,"I'm a great fan of the original Infectionator game and the theory behind this game was cool. Unfortunately, the exploration becomes quickly tiresome and boring and your party can be overwhelmed in a rage quit inducing instant. I *really* want to like this game, but I keep coming back to this conclusion. Sooo much potential, but sadly, I can't recommend unfortunately."
,Recommended,269310,33025496,Posted: 29 June,all,eastpaw,"This game has been getting a bit of hate lately, but it's really a pretty fun little roguelike RTS.+ RTS-style combat (move your people and they will fight on their own)+ RPG-style character development+ Base building+ Strategic exploration of world map+ Charming retro visuals+ You will recognize some of the characters in the game- Game is too easy to beat if you play carefully- Base building options are limited- Characters max out at level 5- No hotkeysHere are some tips for struggling players. But beware: the game becomes super easy if you play this way.1. When Exploring a location, first make a full circuit around the outside of the building. This is safe to do, brings you very close to Fully Explored status, helps you get a handle on the map, and - most importantly - starts off your killing spree. The noise you make from combat while making that circuit will bring zombies, and killing those will bring more, and so on. This saves you the trouble of having to hunt them down and greatly lowers the possibility of you getting trapped in a room when you move inside the building later on. If the zombies keep coming, you can keep circling until the flow slows to a trickle.2. Actually, once you have slightly better weapons (say, an MP5, desert eagle, and 2 shotguns), you can just park your team somewhere rather than keep circling. Just put your survivors into a tight square against one side of the building (or in an outside corner of the building if one is available), then go read a book or something. When you return, your team will have killed most of the zombies on the map and gained a lot of ammo in the process. Just make sure you are at least 2 squares from doors/blind corners on either side and that the map doesn't contain a boss (or you have already killed the boss). Incidentally, you can do this even with weaker weapons if you park your team farther out towards the edge of the map: the zombie flow rate will typically be low enough there for this to work out.3. If you have Vic in your team, give him a sawed-off shotgun. His x2 reload speed gives him ridiculous DPS with this tier 1 weapon (78 vs the usual 48.5), and his ability to reload on the move means you can easily kite a boss to death if you have a Speed stat of 80. Just keep moving the team to stay a couple of squares ahead of the boss and you can kill it and its surrounding zombies in a matter of seconds and without taking any damage. When you have enough Desert Eagles for everyone else, upgrade Vic to a Desert Eagle as well (new DPS 90).4. If you face human enemies on a Scouting/Ambush map, your best bet is to quickly build a turret near the left of the map and then head right. If you have breathing space, build another turret near the right of the map and then huddle in the middle of the map and wait out the fight.5. If there are human enemies on your Exploration map, do the circuit described in point 2. Whenever you come across a swordsman, stand at range and let him come to you. You should rush into melee range against gunmen though (even if you don't have a melee character) - this allows your entire party to get into range as quickly as possible.6. Don't bother Scouting locations. This costs a full stamina point, yields very poor returns, and can result in a team wipe from zombies getting past you if you are extremely careless.7. Place the characters with the highest Search stats in the first slots on your team. This makes it a bit easier for you to move the team as a whole and still perform search and revive actions. Also, in case you didn't know, whenever you select a single character, that character is designated (temporary) team leader. When you have the whole group selected, the current team leader is the one who responds first to any single-person command you give (search and revive, usually). If the team leader is busy, the first non-busy person performs the action. Therefore, sorting your people by Search makes it a lot easier to loot a building or recover from character death.8. Make sure that your away team members are well-rested before missions. Either don't assign them any base jobs or make sure to free them up by 4.30 pm or so every day so that they will go get some rest (automatically). Tired members take quite a hit to Speed, slowing the game down and making tactical retreats difficult.9. Always expend all your stamina points for the night. Plan out your route and try to hit as many marked locations as possible each night. Despite the scary sounding warning when you choose the Retreat command on the world map, retreating is mostly safe. By the way, it's generally safe to push on a little further after you are out of stamina, though I wouldn't recommend taking this too far.10. The very first thing you need to research in your base is Extra Rations in the kitchen. The more Stamina you have, the further you can go each night. Always level this up the moment you get the chance. (You will need to upgrade the kitchen to unlock higher levels of this research.)11. The next thing you want to do is to upgrade your farm plot as high as it can go. Afterwards, look at the best recipe you can cook in your kitchen and stock up on those ingredients. Cooking takes very little time (you can complete cooking tasks multiple times a day), allowing you to quickly save yourself from starvation if you get careless/unlucky.12. Speaking of food, try to keep your supply level at x2 your daily needs at the least.13. You can only find a weapon or item you are able to craft, so it is helpful to perform weapon/item research once you have enough Stamina and Supplies. The highest DPS weapons in this game are, in descending order (DPS most characters / DPS Vic):AA12 Shotgun (333.3 / 400)Lightsaber (200 / 200)SCAR-H MG (142.9 / 166.7)Benelli Shotgun (132.4 / 155.2)SAW MG (124.1 / 141.6)SPAS-12 Shotgun (97.5 / 111.4)The best sniper rifle you can get is the Barrett .50 with a range of 5.5 and DPS of 88.2 (101.7 for Vic). Because of their range and pierce-through capability, sniper rifles are better than they look on paper against bandits and against large groups.There is really no need to do much weapon research though: I completed my 2nd playthrough in 7 days using only Deserts Eagles, which I believe are available either without any research or after 1 level of weapon research.14. Incidentally, don't be afraid to use fuel to speed up research and building. Just keep 7 fuel (5 base + 2 for loss due to bad events) and you're good to go. Don't waste it on cooking though.15. This is a bit of a cheat: if something goes very wrong and you are about to ragequit, just immediately quit the game instead. This will effectively turn back the clock and restart that map. Of if you aren't allowed to quit at that point (e.g., a bad event happens on the world map), just Alt+F4 to close the game. But really, you shouldn't need to do this at all if you are careful. As for bad world map events, those really do suck, but that's roguelikes for you. As roguelikes go, this game is very, very kind, to be perfectly honest."
,Not Recommended,269310,29938066,Posted: 15 February,all,DJ Paradroid,"Unfortunately I cannot forgive the game.While it's charming and does a lot RIGHT as far as a Rogue-ish survival goes it works well.Where it fails is somewhere simple. If RNJesus decides you've visited places in the wrong order you CAN NOT FINISH THE GAME.This happened to me while I was streaming their game and saying how much I enjoyed it.This is a known bug.So if they refuse to fix a game-breaking issue then their game is not worth supporting, regardless of how well it shines otherwise.Sorry, Toge."
,Recommended,269310,9825643,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Moist Towelette,"If you liked the flash games (Infectonator: World domination, Infectonator: 2) then you will love this game too. Instead of playing a scientist hell-bent on ruling the world with zombies, you are killing them. Aswell as surviving. Meaning you need to keep watch on your food, fuel and the state of your survivors. The game may be in early access but it's already a great game.And for you L4D fans you can play as the characters from L4D 1.Great fun, Good mechanics, Can't wait for more to be added.                           What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,269310,12616465,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Zeddy,"For $13, I'd say that so far I've gotten my money's worth. The game is in Alpha, and is receiving updates at a decent pace as well. As I've played it, there have been a few things that I feel would make it better have they been added, but the game's still Alpha, so long as they keep working on it, I can only see it getting better.Pros:-Excellent music (one of the main things that brings me back to playing it at times)-Good variety of weapons along with tiered progression-Decent variety of survivors to find, and an okay amount to pick from to start off the game with-Plays very well on my laptop, minimal lag and such, so it's a solid experience that isn't interrupted by FPS dropsCons:-It can get repetitive after a while of playing-Entirely Single Player at the moment, no idea if they plan on some kind of Co-op or something-Obviously Alpha, so there may be a few bugs here and there (many of which in the past have been successfully patched)Well that's about all I can think of off the top of my head at the moment. It's a pretty fun game with excellent music and it's an enjoyable way to spend a bit of time. As of this moment, I'd say it deserves an 7-8/10, it's fun, but breaks should be taken every so often to not tire it out (like many other games of course), and it's still in Alpha so we don't necessarily know exactly where it's going from here. (Also I might update this every so often as the game progresses, maybe I won't, we'll see)."
76561198096695200,Not Recommended,269310,28674872,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ABritishOrc,"This game used to be really good, very promising, and not as unfair as it is now, what the hell happend to it? It is so frustrating, you start to think your doing well when you get to day about day 4 then the game decides to take all your ammo off you and half your supplies that were running short of anyway. then everyone dies for one reson or another. Such a shame that this game went down hill i have been following this project for a long time now and its upsetting to see where its gone, please fix it, unless it was there plan to have an extreamly difficult and frustrating game."
,Recommended,269310,16179498,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Spookstar25716,"Gonna keep it short and sweet.Pros-Easy to use HUD-Great Game mechanics-Even Better Gameplay-A Variety of Decisions to make-Various ""Back-door"" Schemes to get what you need!-Permadeath-Randomized ""dungeon-ish"" if you may-A save featureCons-Low Res.-EXTREMELY tough area's for some beginners-Rare Occurences-Various Glitches and Bugs concerning movement and ScavengingThis is what i've dreamed about in the infectionator series. I always thought to myself ""...What happens to the people I don't infect, but still beat the city/town/urban-area?"" Well, this is the answer. The fact that you control from 1 up to 4 survivors to try and protect them as if you were their ""Guardian Angel"" and lead them into the dangers of the infected populi is one of the best things Toge could've done. This completely flips the tables from the Virus Spreader, To the Virus Survivors. The wide variety of weapons and gear avaliable was intense, but the tricky part was finding them. I couldent help but laugh as i found a lightsaber in a cardboard box in a mall. The controls and movement can get tricky or glitchy (when trying to scavenge ""Sparkley"" objects it would close out of the decision boxes, and the character) but it is fun. The permadeath was a nice feature so the pressure was on. A little Glitch i couldent help but take into my own hands in the alpha version was before i died to exit out the browser, but they fixed that, by making the full version on steam. For anyone who played the infectionator series i recommend this to you."
76561198121648352,Not Recommended,269310,24803812,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Cthulhu Rises,"I had higher hopes for this game upon release from early access. I just couldn't quite get into it. Perhaps with an open workshop and additional play modes it would be enjoyable, but I really didn't feel like I would enjoy grinding and dying several times to get the xp required to make a real run of the game. I wanted to like this game but as is I requested a refund @ 30% off."
,Recommended,269310,24788998,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mag309,"Not sure if too much changed since leaving early access, but bottom line is its a good game.It reminds me of the zombie survival flash games I played as a kid.I defnitely have enjoyed the game enough that I want to beat it and beat it again.Here is a list of pros and cons as well as a video of game play.Pros:+Good graphics, art, and music (a solid 16 bit theme)+solid mechanics and balance+good longevity and replayability(every time you play will be a little different and different starting options)+mechancis are straight forward(all stats are very apparent about what they do)Cons:-early game can be botched by chance(all my rations stolen twice and everyone starved)-funky tiredness system(no way to rest your characters during the day, they do this automatically, and you can only rest them by wasting a night which you need to be scavenging on)-unbalanced end game (game breaking strategies)-its too easyhttps://youtu.be/jIx_7jT2hfM"
,Recommended,269310,32729778,Posted: 24 June,all,Cartof,"For 2.49 euro this game is pretty cool if you manage to bad squad control and auto walking..Nice old school pixel art and okay music. I like the upgrades, the team setups and the exploration with quests."
76561198018245661,Recommended,269310,9829456,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Stefluva,"The game a really good game for it to be in alpha. Really a review wouldn't be best because the game is not done yet. I do like the fact that there is no pity for you, you die... that's it buddy. start over try again. I will say that aloccating one person to search and the other three do do the heavy work will get you through a match... the game is shaping up good. just needs a good story, the merchant should come around more often, and if you can get the dog later on in the game as a pet to help you in the matches it would be awesome!!!!! great job tho! Also it would be nice that after you complete a zone, and you want to go back a second time there are more stuff to search/better rewards so you don't waste your resources trying to complete a lvl 100 precent and run out of supplys!"
76561198111190049,Not Recommended,269310,34028710,Posted: 4 August,all,NayrZaBear,"""Lets upadate the game with a different and faulty rendering system with the ability to not work with previous builds. and lets top it off by saying ♥♥♥♥ you deal with it when people bring it up.""When i played it it was about a 6/10 but ♥♥♥♥ these Devs man."
76561198347607131,Not Recommended,269310,28181653,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,fltrns,"I mean, I like it.I played the original flash game and bought this, hoping there'd be more (meaningful) content. Turns out I was wrong. Still nothing past the travel, and there's seriously no point to the game (it's extremely easy and many parts of the game are relatively meaningless...)I do regret buying the game, so as far as recommendations go, not much."
76561198116787190,Not Recommended,269310,28301926,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,navypeter,"Game is fun, but after you beat it once, there is no point anymore. It would be fun if you could keep leveling up, surviving, scavenging, and looking around town.Thats what survivor mode should be, not how long can u last with bad guns on 1 map. Which is usually under 3 minutes.What would be fun if added:Unlimited explorer mode. Zombies must get harder though.Button to send waves in EARLY!!! Waves on top of each other, mulitple waves. Not how it is now"
76561198002819606,Not Recommended,269310,28943603,Posted: 2 January,all,Taffy,"This game WAS fun when it was first introduced, but now the RNG is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, meaning your choices, skill and tactical knowledge don't mean a damn thing.ACID! You die from acid, get revived only to die for the acid BECAUSE IT PERSISTS THROUGH DEATH! WHAT A CONCEPT! Maybe I'll wait it-OH LOOK HE DIED AGAIN!WHO TESTED THIS, IF AT ALL!?COME ON, DAMN IT!STOP SCREWING AROUND YOU SCREW AROUND TOO MUCH!"
,Not Recommended,269310,25208428,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Engel M.,"This is theGreen Gooperfect example ofLootersa developer taking Early Access feedbacktext-based deathsand completely disregarding itgrindingto fix whattheyfeel is a ""problem""horiffically unbalancedand add things that no one asked for.Back when you just had the wave-based TD to go through the game was fun. Exploration? Good too. Crafting? Ehhhh kinda weird.Now you have:A needlessly tacked-on character ""tiredness"" system that only serves to waste the player's time.Stupidly unbalanced zombies including: Cop Zombies that take way too many hits to kill, Hazmat Zombies that takewaytoo many hits to killand explode,and thestupid freaking Dad zombies that leave puddles of Acidic Goo that last for 2 hours.Tangent: Why the ♥♥♥♥ was this added? All these zombies do is waste the players time and cause them to take cheap damage. The goo puddles are hardly noticable, and deal way too much damage. If they just made impassable walls for the player's units that would be fine, but NOOOOOOO. They gotta damage you for 10 health a second! Because why not?!This isn't even mentioning the fact that you can find Looters very early on in the game who will swarm you with number rivaling the zombies and outrange you as they sit in areas you can't walk into and take pot shots at your units.An incredibly random item drop system that makes crafting a complete joke. Want to build yourself a Gun? What about Armor? Well good luck ♥♥♥♥inggetting the materialsto craft that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Because instead you're going to find 40 bottles of ♥♥♥♥ing brandy, when all you need is a single ♥♥♥♥ing bottle of water!There's needlessly cruel, and then there's how this game turned out. Everything is built to play against the player. This isn't the Ghost and Goblins or Castlevania type of ""against the player"" either. In those games you at least knew that it waspossibleto win. That, if you worked hard enough, you'd achive a result.In this game, unless you manage to find 2 medkits on your first mission, you're destined to fail! And of the 20 something runs I had that happenedonce!Do I regret buying this? No. Despite everything, Toge is one of my favorite indie/Flash developers. I had a lot of fun with this game before it's full release. But this is the perfect example of why they should stick to strategy instead of Roguelikes.But would I recommend it now? Unless you cantoleratethere's no tolerating that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tmod out the looters and Dad zombies, and fix the random drop system: No. Go play one of the better zombie survival roguelikes on Newgrounds."
76561197972971244,Not Recommended,269310,29037090,Posted: 5 January,all,Udyrfrykte,"My biggest complaint for this game is the acid left behind by some zombies. This acid damages you and stays a good while. It's an incredibly, incredibly stupid mechanic.I understand the intent was probably something about having the player change tactics, but it's so incredibly annoying. Sometimes you get trapped in a room for a long time because these zombies keep coming at you, and unless you wanna run through zombie goo you gotta stay put.I explored and area with no acid zombies (only fatties and normal) and the gameplay was good, nice. With acid zombies I keep gritting my teeth all the time.And the RNG could be a bit less RNG."
76561198025988825,Recommended,269310,23481905,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BlackJacketWasp,It's a fun game but it's still pretty buggy. You may encounter a black menu screen which that breaks your game. You can't continue from there no matter where you click or what you press. :/ Well it's still early access. 4/5
76561198047357494,Recommended,269310,9871461,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,noobkiller358,This is a very good game but it needs a lot of work. if you want to try the demo this is the linkhttp://armorgames.com/play/15768/infectonator-survivors-alpha
,Recommended,269310,12743121,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rawsome83,"Pretty good and ""cute looking"" survivor sim, for lack of a better word. It's got some depth to it, as you've got to scavenge supplies, ammo and food to stay alive. It's pretty harsh at first, atleast with a full group, as supplies can run dry faster than you'd like. But once you get the hang of it, it's pretty easy to survive for a longer period of time. It is a roguelike in the sense than you squad can die, and they will remain dead. You do have a small window of 10 seconds to revive them when they fall, though it may not always be the easiest thing to do since by then you'd probably be swarmed with zombies anyway.Repetative but ok retro music, sweet pixel art graphics, lousy crafting and item variation sadly, some replayability. Even thought it's got it's flaws, it manages to make me want to play some more.. But in short bursts.Also the storepage needs an update, as all the screenshots are of a completely different version of the game (maybe even the flash version?). And the storepage claims to have Achievements and Trading Cards, none of which it has... which is rather iffy to my. I take that kind of stuff serious, misleading customers. It doesn't sit well with me.PR is not this games strongest boons, especially when I read there are people copying the entire game and selling it on IOS appStore.. Copyright claim perhaps? Anyway..For what it is, I give it an 7/10 for now. It's a totally okay Z-survival micromanager. If it gets better, I'll re-review it."
,Recommended,269310,9834841,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Kenny Log-ins,"Really fun! The content is a little light (it just went early access after all) but the systems are all there and they're really strong. Fast-paced, tactical, addicting and rewarding. And hard as hell.A couple notes because I'm not sure where else to put them and I feel like constructive criticisms are an advantage of going public early:I think survivors should get XP from working on projects in the garage. Not as much as from a battle of course, but I think it makes more sense to have one person man the garage than have people constantly taking turns being the mechanic so they can rotate who gets XP.I know it's like a satire that the only girl in the game (not counting Zoey from L4D) is just called Blonde Girl and has no background of note, but until there are more girl survivors to choose from I think you should give her something compelling. Having survivors with backgrounds and proficiencies is always more interesting and I feel like you're alienating people by having the sole representation of females be a sexist joke.A little more time at the end of a round to finish scavenging would be good. It seems intentional to keep up the pace and difficulty, but it strays from real world logic a little too far for me. Maybe have a place you move to to complete the level instead having the survivors leave automatically?That said, really fun game! Can't wait for updates with more events and characters."
76561198138549272,Not Recommended,269310,33426461,Posted: 10 July,all,mattmccurry1,"The game starts off on a good foot, but quickly becomes repetitive. Even winning once, I feel that I have seen all this game has to offer."
76561197971915197,Not Recommended,269310,23741263,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,beelzebug,"I had fun with this game when it first came out, but I feel like it's fallen victim to project creep. What started out as a fun little tower defense style game has ballooned into this psuedo-RTS monster, which isn't really that fun. The devs seemed to have a million ideas, but weren't able to implement most of them in a way that I found enjoyable. Oh well."
,Not Recommended,269310,22832396,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,✨ Hatty ✨,"I like this game a lot.However its really difficult at times.The past few times I played I have died within the tutorial page.Like literally, I feel there should be a way to change difficulty.The graphics and gameplay are fun, you can select all people at once or one at a time, you can change weapons from melee to far.It's fun, but the car was bugged for me so I couldnt progress, and I die a lot unfortunately.I think changing the difficulty and giving more options to heal are important."
76561197974049809,Recommended,269310,9840218,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Leon.BackGD,"+ Just in Alpha stage, but the functions it provides are quite complete, no bug found so far+ Simple but intense strategy gameplay+ Average graphic and sound, but good enough since the whole game is smaller than 100mbOveral, although it says to be in alpha, it already plays like a fine game, a little bit too simple though. We will just have to wait the developer adds more features to it~"
,Recommended,269310,9837841,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Plant,"This game is great!! I love it how they mix at least 3 different games into 1. The only problem is the game pretty much start out tough and only gets harder. You are going in raw pretty much due to the fact that no area boost your chances of more supplies. The buildings with zombie heads is boss fights and the one with exclamation marks this--> ! means you will find a survivor. When you start each round make sure you got good placement in mind because your survivors do not heal easily. Little tips cause i had no clue at all when i started, Great game needs more fixing and polishing but other then some minor things it is great! I like to write a guide on this game if anyone likes the idea comment or something message me."
,Not Recommended,269310,25234875,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BananaMonkeyTaco,Even though this game is out of Early Access it still needs a lot of work with rebalancing and adding things. The fact that you can make a decision in a text based scenario and immediately have a team member die is baffling. Along with the fact that some areas are impossible to reach without running out of stamina even if it's maxed out. The survival mode is also a joke. It's survival in it's most primitive sense of only being in one map. If that isn't your cup of tea then all you have is a timed campaign mode. For anyone wanting a more lasting campaign there isn't a chance of that happening.
76561197988950014,Not Recommended,269310,25120749,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Leaf Ninja,"There's a lot to this game, and it's made to be hard and to try again and again. However, I don't really enjoy the puddles of green goo that appear when certain zombies die. They stay around too long, your characters will not path-find around them, they just suck to deal with, and are always around. Plus the survival part is weird, because bullets are everywhere but medkits are not."
76561198015251141,Recommended,269310,24383058,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ThePossibleJerk,"Hay! So, this game is awesome really! I would recommend you to try it! There's a BUT though...Being in its Alpha, there are still bugs and errors that might occur, bugs and errors of the kind that either freeze the game or force you to hijack it exploiting the "" idle"" screen in order to reload the scene.They can hinder your experience as you progress through the campaign and that's bad because the game seems already so much far with its development that you really have the impression it's finished, if it wasn't for these errors.So yeah, it's so good that you can't tell it's an early access, but as soon as your heart starts growing attached to your save file, an error kicks in and blargh!!You've been warned: play it, but don't freak out if the save file gets screwed up!"
,Not Recommended,269310,32915016,Posted: 27 June,all,国王国王国王国王国王国王,Dont buy this game..Its not worth it guys..I been this game over Since full release of it (its like before it's release the game*)No matter the game is look cool and okay..But..The game haven't update over since the full release.Thats along time ago.The game system and movements is weird and make you guys stress outAlso the game is about luck...Yes its LUCK* GAME...I wanted to make sure this game dosent get any better since that last update..Also The Developers making Infectonator 3 (Which currently they secretly making it without telling us*)
76561197970889680,Not Recommended,269310,27587709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,D00MF157 J0N35,"Give it difficulty options and maybe some sort of automatic pathing, so your people dont just walk into the acid and just stay there. i'd be happy if i could keep my main dudes for longer than half a day. they all end up tired in the first mission and someone always lags behind... Please please please do something about it, because i really want to like this game, but i rage quit every time. I'll change my recommendation when you update these things."
76561198193765898,Recommended,269310,24975112,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,cjleyden5,"I've had this game for a long time, and now that it has been fully released it's time to write a reviewI remember when I first played this game. I didn't have Steam, so I was playing it on ArmorGames.com. I found it so fun that I showed it to all my friends, and most of them didn't have my feelings for it :(I bought the game on Steam because I enjoyed the other infectonator games, but this one stood out the most.This game is probably the best zombie survival games I've played. I love the pixel graphics, soundtrack, and quotes by the characters. I might only has a couple hours on Steam, but I have had LOTS more on browser websites. I really enjoy the updates and how they haven't ruined the gameThat's all. If You are reading this, buy the game, You won't regret it"
76561198063080162,Recommended,269310,21801560,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SoduhMan,"I reviewed this game during early access and while I found it to be fun to play, I decided I wouldn't want to recommend the game in its current state.  Now having found it outside of the bars of early access I decided to re-review it to give an updated view of what I think of the game.  I'll probably reference older features they improved upon or removed altogether and how that change adds or possibly detracts from the game.  My only real complaint with my original review was the unfinishedness of it, which now ought to no longer be a flaw with the game.  So I'll be playing the game and then come back to update this review again later.Update:So the game's finished, it's polished up, it's found what it wants to be, and the flow of the game finally works.  I can't really say too much about the game outside of that.  The core is there and it's just improved.  Other than a play by play of what's changed then there's nothing much to offer.Glad I was able to help so many people with my early access review but it seems I've also lost the will to play through this game with the same fervor I had for the first 90 hours.  I won't try to force it, but know that it's a good game and definitely worth it now."
76561198309074110,Recommended,269310,24184726,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SamTheFireDemon,well then did not thougth the difficulty would rise as your levels would rise....starting with to much zombies to start with on TUTORIAL and my third missions was a boss...  nice very excelent hope it gets as good as i progress more highly recomended
,Recommended,269310,9824307,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,parampampammmmm,"First of all,this game is in Alpha,so that means that i will make another Review.Infectonator:Survivors it's a very addictive game,but sometimes you can make big rages.You need to play the original Infectonator! series to know a little more how the game worked(PS:This game is a spin-off)but the game itself it's very simple,but dosen't mean that is easy,i recommend to those that like different things,this game is very very innovative,with his TD with RTS is like any other game that you has seem before(PS: I laughed a lot when i looked at the Worker new art.LOL)"
,Recommended,269310,26577103,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Reester,Great game but latest update has made this a lot more difficult.Can barely get past a week.. Acid zombies are still extremely annoying..(I'd imagine beginners hating the game after first couple tries)Overall: 7/10
76561198001541916,Recommended,269310,23929023,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,robitusinz,"I've been a big fan of the Infectonator games since I first played them on Kongregate way back when.  Toge Productions showed a lot of promise and potential with their games and ideas.  I like what I see so far from Survivors, but it's obvious that the game still has its flaws and feels incomplete in a number of places.  In no particular order, I'm just going to pinpoint some notes I had while playing the game.1.  Experience - It appears that my ""travel team"" never really gets experience.  As I bounce from location to location in the map, my efforts are not reflected against my team's experience.   Only when I get back to base does XP appear to be tallied, and even then it appears that I only get credit for the last fight I was in.  On the other hand, if I stay at the base and use my guys to plant or build something, then they get experience for doing those activities.  In the end, spending 10 minutes fast-forwarding time while planting veggies and other things granted my team more XP than the hours upon hours I spent going through and collecting tons of items across a long expedition.2.  It's a little difficult to determine what you're supposed to do when a location has a symbol over it.  Do I go into Scout mode or Explore mode to resolve the issue at the location?3.  In the begining while trying to build the car, you can use one of your quest items to build something else, thus losing that item forever  (the electronic module seems to also go into making advanced turrets).  Be careful with this, it sucked when I had to restart my game.I'll add more to this as it comes to mind, in the hopes that it will help the devs with feedback.  I think this game is definitely one to keep track of and watch for any fan of Greenlight games."
,Recommended,269310,26642099,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JasonSteak-umm,"After purchasing this game apprehensively due to the recent reviews, I am glad to say that I am enjoying my time with this game. I just finished my first campaign and I didn't have to face-desk once. There is a rather steep learning curve initially but once you know what to look for, how to survive and how to play the game, it's addicting zombie killing fun. Take the ""Mixed"" recent reviews with a grain of salt. They're probably people that forgot how games used to be challenging. This game, is NOT IMPOSSIBLE as the reviews make it seem.The art style is very cute and makes light of a typically dark genre. Audio is what you would expect of a pixel style game, it's not mind blowing but it works. Reminiscent of old SNES games.A couple of caveats however. I rather dislike the ""text based deaths"" in this game. Occasionally there are ""pick your adventure"" style text scenarios where if you select a certain action, it ends up killing one or several of your characters. So characters WILL die. It's not like Fire Emblem, where if someone dies you can just quit and load back in. I strongly advise you to not get too attached to your team. Other than Sydney and Mike, i've lost all of my original crew.<<EDIT>> I've discovered from another member from the community that you CAN exit the game and reload just before the encounter you are in. So... YAY!Also, in the community hub, there is a pinned post where the dev talks about future potential features in what seems to be a kickstarter campaign thread. To include a mod-tool and character customization. However, after the official release of the game there has been no major updates to the game. So it's very likely that what you get is what you get and we may possibly not get any future support from the dev(s)."
,Recommended,269310,24816649,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Yawnmachine,This great indie game deserves more attention from the public.
,Not Recommended,269310,32974549,Posted: 28 June,all,Jon.Topps,"It's a good concept (which has been done by hundreds of games already). Wander a city filled with zombies, trying to find resources to bring back to your base, in hopes of escaping the city. It's a lot of fun at first, but then it gets super lame as the problems start setting in.- Broken achievements. There's a REALLY grindy achievement (you just sit there waiting for waves to pass, then move to a new level, to watch waves pass, literally dozens and dozens of times). I did this, and didn't get it... Who knows if the other super grindy achievements work now. I have no motivation to 100% this anymore.- It gets incredibly repetitive. You wander around, auto-shooting, clicking things to search, and you just keep doing that for hours and hours.- There's a really blasphemous moment that's totally unecessary, so if you're Christian, I wouldn't give this dev your money (and if you're not Christian, you obviously don't care).Basically, the first few hours are fun, but now it's a horrible grindfest, trying to get achievements that are most likely not even tracking progress.I regret playing this."
,Not Recommended,269310,25894175,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,The Rainbow Cultist!,"I have played this game for quite awhile (despite the hours it displays). So why do I not reccomend this? Here's why:While the game used to be great in MANY ways (while it was in early access), I'm afraid the final product is actually worse than the original. The game got WAAAAAY to difficult since the previous version (I can only survive 3 days now!). The soundtrack and graphics are great. However, some ideas the devs implemented make surviving this game unforgiving. There is a free version somewhere that is close to my favorite version (missing some features). But overall, they REALLY need to tweak the balance of the game."
76561197966679128,Not Recommended,269310,24789091,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Speirs101st,"Edited 8/13/16There was an update that really helped to fix the game. It's plenty better now. However, I still don't think I can recommend this game and here's why. Once you get further into the game, you have to move farther and farther out from your safe zone, you are also limited by the number of spaces you can move per night. That's controlled by the number of your stamina points and you can upgrade that, however as you progess further with your goals you will consistently be ambushed by zombies when you move to a space which in turn forces you to use one of your precious stamina points. Once your stamina points hits zero every additional move after that damages your characters. And it's quite a bit of damage. And that will continue until you return to your HQ. I've noticed, that the game is almost broken at this point because you can't possibly get out far enough and make it back without losing characters just to these stupid 0 stamina points and ambushes EVEN IF you do really well and your characters take little to no damage while exploring, this ridiculous game mechanic can completely ruin your game and experience.Original Review 8/9/16At first this game reminded me of the South Park tower defense game, but after playing it for awhile it just became another game of micro-managing your characters' base, health and supplies. Most of which are incredibly difficult to come by. I was never able to find the parts I needed to fix the vehicle, I was never able to keep my team alive and I was never able to recruit new survivors. The best strategy I could find was to honestly never stop clicking the mouse and moving. THAT GOT BORING AND TIRING! I think for a person to buy this game and who is completely new to it, the game is WAY to difficult. It's not forgiving what so ever in the early stages of the game. The moment you lose a person, you minds well quit. My first time playing, I lost a player in the ♥♥♥♥ING TUTORIAL!!! Yes, you read me. While I was trying to learn the game, I lost 1 of 4 people and that completely crippled my ability to do much after that, except start over. I'm giving this game a negative review, until several things are reworked."
,Recommended,269310,22491339,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Jemi,"Wow this game is fun, dont mind those negative review about this game is free flash game onarmorgame.com, that free flash is more like trial version of this game.You get more for you paid for $9still alot of room for improvement regarding this is still early access, more survivor or other zombie type will be nice, but becarefull for picking character dev; i dont want you get trouble for character license (like marvel character for example lol)Please dont neglect this game if in case you have other project, keep update this game!! we ♥ it.Mantaph bos, lanjutkan!!!!"
,Not Recommended,269310,29366225,Posted: 19 January,all,Grover,"The game was really good when it was under development and you could see improvements.  Now it is not worth my time to play when: random zombies drop acid for no reason, the drops from searching are terrible now, the day/night thing is not well thought out (as a survivor, why would you only go out at night?), the 13 day timer to complete the car and get out is dumb, and the other survivors you find are worthless and get you killed for helping them now. So little is balanced now."
76561198042446636,Recommended,269310,24985104,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Heretical,"Hard but AMAZING, it's so addicting that I forgot about the fact that i was restarting so many times. It's brutal, look away or make the wrong move and one guy gets killed and you have to decide to rescue him and risk getting the whole team killed or leaving him to die or deciding you cant make it any furthur without him so you risk it all anyways."
,Recommended,269310,25795963,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Groovy Spine Syndrome,"I really enjoy the game, but the Survival mode kinda sucks, like if they made the survivor mode like the campaign but without the need to evacuate, cos id spend literal days playing that mode, but a part from that, i really enjoy the game, reminds me of a more interactive version of Rebuild."
,Not Recommended,269310,25026063,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TziTzi,"This is a great concept and a fun game, but the frustrations it gives are just too much for me to recommend buying it.  Either you play on the scout/TD mode and it gets a bit tedious and repetitive, or you do some exploring and watch your team die because you get 15 seconds to revive them but your team can't kill 3 zombies in enough time to even get a revive off.  Needs updates and some work, this game would have been a 10/10 if they'd gone turn based with it."
76561197976482497,Recommended,269310,26524919,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sharif,"Not bad, I 'd recommend it if you are looking for a fun little zombie romp game, some of the controls are a little iffy and a pain but overall had a fun experience."
,Recommended,269310,24126081,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Elisa Smith,"It's a really good game! The gameplay is simple and exiting: enough of risks, many weapons, lots of updates."
,Recommended,269310,9952524,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Splipp,"Extremely fun towerdefense game.It gives several fun hours of play as it is now, and i belive that with continous updates this game might just give hundreds of hours of gameplay! :)"
76561197970271746,Recommended,269310,9826344,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,MichaelJ,"Some element of self-training is needed to get past the lack of a full tutorial (in particular, you have to figure out for yourself how to best position your surivors to make it hard to get hit). Once you get past those first couple missions though you soon will be challenging yourself to do as much as you can with skeleton teams of one and two as you race to collect as many supplies as you can while still leaving room to fix your ride and develop the latest generation of zombie-killing weapons.I personally chose to back up my save file each turn in my first playthrough to avoid the permadeath mechanic but it was somewhat of a moot point after day 4 or 5, once my team was well-equipped.A recommendable effort as-is, albeit with a few rough edges. I look forward to any future balancing efforts (ex: Turrets seem expensive @ the current 250, vs the 100 I thought I spied in the videos).Should buy."
,Recommended,269310,9894768,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,The Pomegranate,"This is a great game even though it's in Alpha. If you like games where you don't quite have full control over your characters and you just use strategy, it's for you. It's also a fast paced game so if you like taking your time with everything it's not for you."
76561198043828545,Recommended,269310,9882339,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Dill Boy,"Although this game represents the original Infectonator, it is vastly different, and A LOT harder. This game is actually incredibly fun, but it is sometimes impossible. It takes some real practice, and it is near impossible to keep everyone alive... Personally, I'd buy it again."
,Recommended,269310,9858281,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,The_Lone_Mercenary,"I love this game to death, no pun intended. I get so attached to my survivors that it makes me sad when they die. I do have one little problem with this game and that is lack of supplies and that after one day of being without them injures the survivors. I completely understand that this is early access but I hope they fix it in the future. Love the game and I definetly recommend it and for its price, I think you would be a fool to pass it up."
76561198080857212,Recommended,269310,12474301,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SaltyStu,"This game is already showing GREAT potential! I am already hooked, and have only played for less than 2 hours. The music is great...other than it sounding like it is from an old nintendo game (which I like), it's got like a Michael Jackson Thriller type feel to it which I think adds to the apocalyptic zombie infested survival feel. I love all the upgrades as well as different party members and overview map. It offers a lot of freedom to the game and just makes it all the more addictive. If the developers are reading this - Keep up the good work! I would love to see how this game improves on its already fun gameplay."
76561197990994295,Not Recommended,269310,28914458,Posted: 1 January,all,Lhetre,"This is a flash game with all the limitations of a flash game, developers did not take into account the expectations a PC game should answer. The flash version is a good time waster, because players do not expect a polished or finished game. After the terrible console ports period, we entered the terrible flash game ports period.your team stays on the last project they were assigned to, even if it is finished, ""auto assign"" doesn't send them to a new projectmelee fighters are the slowest, always at the back of the team, they are uselessexploding enemies do not damage your teamteam has no formation during movement, and they change position when they stop, you can't decide who is in front, no tactivs hereteam member suffer from fatigue, they move more slowly, which doubles the time needed to explore, making exploration more of a chore, but can't send them to sleepmission info does not update : ""this place is filled with weapons"" written just under ""status : depleted""missions shown by an icon on the map, but no way to know which mission is which - where should I go for the merchant? where should I bring back the orange box?caustic pools were added, but no pathfinding for your team, they can't avoid walking on these pools, even worse : they stand exactly in the middle of the pool and take damagelots of micromanagement - pathfinding, limited time to do research and no sleep button, useless intermediate screens to confirm dialogues without optionsmerchants dialogue is worthless : ""Ok, I'll do the job"", what for? either you do it or you fail the game""dialogues"" are perfectly uninteresting and unecessaryrandom events are shown on one screen too many, as if they needed the player to lose time on useless mouse clickingyou may choose the leader of the team (the person you need to search for ex.), but it is forgottent between maps and you have to select it again (micromanagement again)if you want to keep your weapons charged between assaults you'll lose hundreds of bullets, handguns cost 20 to recharge event if they have 8 bullets, and you have only shot 2, DO NOT recharge your weaponsyou have a set amount of stamina to visit the town - good idea, but movement + encounter + scout + explore = 4 stamina per building, which means 3 buildings at the beginning, and 4 at max stamina, OR you decide to avoid scouting, if your group is strong enough, however you risk losing the survivors you want to save during the encounteractually you have enough stamina to go to the edge of the town, but not to go backintro video is a heavily pixelated diaporama you can't skipvideos on the store page DO NOT correspond to the actual game"
,Not Recommended,269310,30464497,Posted: 11 March,all,Akasha,"Poor tutorial and a second level where all mobs had guns, this game needs play testing."
,Recommended,269310,9818368,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Huehuehue,"Early Access review 04/14/2014.If you like the web-based game ""The Last Stand - Dead Zone"" by Armorgames, then you'll probably like this game due to the similiarities in terms of gameplay.I've only played for a short time, so I don't have much to say at the moment. But it's a good tower defense/survival simulation/RTS where you need to scavenge for supplies, fuel, rescue other survivors, etc.The only downside that I noticed is this game uses coins and ""gems"" as the currency, though I don't know for sure,  and I could definitely be wrong, this game might have microtransactions. If that's the case, then it's a huge turn-off for me personally. Other than that, all good.UPDATE:Turns out that gems are the end-game currency when you get a game over(win or lose) you will get gems.This game's is quite hard, got wiped out on my first and second playthrough. You need to carefully plan ahead at every stage. Going to try again tonight."
,Not Recommended,269310,24789445,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Pixelica,"It could be a great addictive game, but at the current state, not really.Game difficulty really need to be rebalance. Atm it's like the game force you to have a quick death no matter how hard what you do to survive."
76561198116866397,Not Recommended,269310,12094310,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,edmek55555,"For an early access game it is very playable. However resources are a little more limited than they need to be. It seems less like a challenge and more just kind of unfair. I can go to 3 different locations and search everything and sometimes never find supplies.Also, building a farm currently does nothing unfortunately so it is a waste of research atm. It also doesnt feel especially random. The game starts the same way every time and you always have the same hq on the same spot in the map with the buildings varying slightly.That being said it is still a very fun game especially for alpha and the tactical combat is pretty enjoyable. I think this game could certainly benefit from letting you create your own characters and making the experience a little more varied each playthrough but so far it is coming along.Cant whole heartedly recommend yet but some small tweaks could go a long way here6/10"
76561198051934081,Recommended,269310,9825134,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,grim mechanic,"great game, with the tower defence, random events, traveling system, different kinds of weapons and a merchant that could show up and save your life.AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,269310,9888116,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Soko,Really fun game! Devs talk and have answers alot of questions on the community section of the game as well. The game has alot more to come to it I can feel very fun game in such an early state.
,Recommended,269310,9832632,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,PhoenixRyan,"Anyone who has seen my reviews elsewhere knows my opinion on Early Access games, but heres a quick recap for those who are first time readers/viewers:1. Early Access games that charge money should be considered a finished game2. Content missing at time of review is still considered content missing, regardless of ""promises to put it in""Simple enough, right? Let's move on to the review.I like this game. It has a particular charm that tugs at my nostalgia strings and panders to my every whim. A zombie survival game with a cool soundtrack, featuring old school stylistic visuals and RPG management elements. What the game does well, outweighs where the game is currently lacking. The most annoying feature for me is the inability to select multiple survivors for movement, you have to panstakingly move each survivor one at a time, and there is no pause hotkey button, although the game can be paused by clicking the options tab on the top right of the screen.I think more hotkeys ingame, for example a reload, heal and search hotkey, rather than having to click the appropriate tab when under attack. Although I like the idea of a randomised world, it can cause situations that are impossible for the player to rectify, for example - if you start next the game next to no trader and find no supplies in the tutorial map, your party will begin starving after the first day, which then makes the game very difficult, throw in the fact that you can only move to an adjacent building may cause issues when resupplying, unless you were lucky at the beginning. I also don't understand why I am given 3 mortars if I enable tutorial, but get nothing if I switch it off. The player should get consistant equipment before day 1, whether they want to on screen help or not. Also, a few events don't work properly (at time of writing) - such as the bandits attacking survivors, you offer help, you jot down on the map the location...the event ends. No bandits, no additional supplies, no extra map, nothing happens. Also, the character portraits of certain characters are not present, my researcher doesn't have a character portrait, just a black box. Some of these issues may be restricted to myself, but after playing through the game with and without the tutorial more than once, this is based off my experience.Also, I've noticed the game doesn't like me right-clicking, makes the screeen freeze for split second. I also don't understand how easy the game becomes once you've acquired a level 3 weapon, like the SAW, I can literally let 1 survivor run through a map with just the SAW, letting me cover a minimum of 4 maps (well, not counting the builder because of his poor aiming ability).I believe a better tutorial would go a long way to making this game more enjoyable for people, but so far, I've enjoyed it.Most of the issues I have do seem to revolve around things that may be patched in the future, let's hope so, because so far, I've thoroughly enjoyed this experience with a few features missing (perks)."
,Recommended,269310,9862584,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,TiltedPanic,"With amazing gameplay, wonderful 8 bit graphics, and so much references *cough couch* Douge. You have to get this game."
76561198090745574,Recommended,269310,22698406,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rushing Problem,This game is really fun and I would give it a 10/10.
76561198006553629,Recommended,269310,22531057,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Skadush,It may look like any other 8-bit zombie game out there but the game play is just something else.The game plays great and works how you think it would. just wish there was a survival mode that gets rid of the 30 day time limit
,Recommended,269310,18274909,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gigilo,Search Simulator 2K15
,Recommended,269310,33224879,Posted: 4 July,all,ShiroNeko,Nice Game
76561198025867392,Not Recommended,269310,24904825,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Poop Smoocher,"Bought this game as a full release, but feels like early access.Plenty of bugs and problems keeping it from being a great game.To name a few problems:- Everything requires multiple redundant confirmations. (Open backpack? Loot item?)- Collect everything in the area? You're still forced to run around an empty map exploring it for no reason.- Many things are unclear and/or seem to do nothing.- It seems very difficult to last more than a few days, due to the random nature of supplies you find. You could find useless ones which makes your squad starve to death early. And if they are starving, you can't make good quick enough to save them, etc.For a game about building a squad, they can get wiped out very easily forcing you to start a brand new save file. Roguelikes are supposed to be quick games where you can get a bit further every time. Not a game where you can develop a full party, craft things, get further to a goal, and then have your entire save file essentially deleted when the randomness of the game fails to give you items you need to survive.I love a challenge, but this game just feels unfair, unintuitive, and as a result, unfun."
76561198036214229,Recommended,269310,11757895,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Gravity Muffin,"Alright after 6 game over i think its safe to say ive seen the game.I like the idea and i can't wait for more content. I am a huge fan of Survivor Squad and this play like it. Survivor squad is a bit surperior though. Purely for the fact that you get alot more survivors, You can build bases and defend them.My major complaints are this. I have never been higher than 4 survivors. The game just refuses to give me more. That's why I always play the convict and swat. They to my opinnion are the best.The hazmats should have little to no hp. They are exploding zombies. The fact that they take a full turret and like 2 clips is way too much. They also make melee weapons useless on them. They explode on death which has resulted in me quiting and reloading many times. In my hoenst opinnion, they can keep the explosion. Thats what makes them dangerous but cut thier hp by atleast half.My only other complain is the lack of supplies. If you play with 4 survivors. I can never find food to keep them all and it results in very quick deaths. Before anyone say ""its the zombie apoc"" I say ""It's a game, Games don't play by logic""For the +, It does require you to move your survivors and kite. I like that idea, A pause and order would be a nice feature but it not entirely required but would be a very huge + if they added that.all in all, Its an alpha. It's still fun even if it has crushing difficulty.How crushing? A little under Dark Soul."
,Recommended,269310,9820828,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,pixl,"I've only played 15 minutes, but i can tell that the developers have put a lot of work into this. It's really awesome. The permadeath adds a sense of fear that you'll lose one of your members that might be really important. I highly recommend it!"
76561198331533113,Recommended,269310,34297562,Posted: 16 August,all,Zoey|pvpro.com,Awesome game but really needs a new update
76561197991203992,Not Recommended,269310,31303044,Posted: 22 April,all,Kamikaze,Stupid mechanics in the game such as the ♥♥♥♥ing pool of acid the zombies leave and when your walking around your ai doesnt know not to walk around it and just sit there and die with your not looking and if you revive them while they aare on it they instantly fuciking die
,Recommended,269310,22398359,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Shinylatios,fun tower deffence / survival game challenging  has random events.
,Recommended,269310,33873509,Posted: 28 July,all,applebaps,"Infectonator: Survivors is a great game.  It's also a game that, when you list its surface attributes, sounds like every random piece of garbage flooding Steam.  It's an indie pixel tower defense game where you fight zombies and craft your survival, and I recommend it way more highly than that description would suggest.The game loop cycles between the HQ, scouting, and exploring.  During the day, your (hopefully-growing) team of survivors works on various projects that take up time: researching items to craft, growing food, cooking the food into useful supplies, calling out on the radio to other survivors, or working on fixing the car that is your way out of the city.  You only have so many days in which to do this, before the government nukes the whole place.These projects take special materials to complete, as well as a great deal of time.  You gather these materials by leaving HQ at night, taking a hand-picked team you equip as best you can to face the zombie hordes.  The city is laid out on a grid (more or less), and you move from location to location, looking for sparkly things to search for materials, supplies and fuel.  Scouting puts you in a small, narrow series of maps.  You fight waves of zombies, carefully positioning your survivors to maximize their weapons' usefulness or protect the weaker members of your team.  These maps vary in requirements (just killing all the zeds, or keeping them from getting past you, for instance), and have turret mounts you can use to build guns to help your survivors fight.  These scouting maps are also used when you get ambushed while walking around the city.Exploring an area puts you in a large map, usually a building with a series of rooms, and spawns in waves of zeds, tasking you with exploring 75% of the map in order to progress while fighting on the move.  Exploration potentially yields a lot more supplies and materials, and gives you the chance to run into other recruitable survivors, merchants, and other encounters.Once your night expedition runs out of stamina, you'll want to be back at HQ ASAP to nurse your wounds and work on more projects.  It's a satisfying, simple, fun little loop, and it's deceptively difficult to manage everything successfully.  As your survivors level up and you research more weapons and equipment, more tactical options become available to you, and there's so much to do and so little time in which to do it.There are some elements that stick out to me as indicating that Survivors was originally intended to be a mobile game, but thankfully they're stripped of the usual mobile game impediments and pay-to-win models of design.  The game also features a straight up survival mode where you face waves of enemies until you die, but I didn't find this nearly as interesting as the campaign mode."
76561198014724823,Not Recommended,269310,11475653,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,redtieguy,"Wait until the developers get their stuff together before buying this game.The idea is addictive and I love this as a great time-killer.  The problem is the developer puts updates 3 weeks apart and they often don't make sense.  Ideas are half-implimented, such as one updated created a glitch where there was no obstacles/cover.  Would you like an update where, in L4D, you suddenly were in a big empty field too big to cross without a horde coming?And it is out of order.  They impliment a search feature which isn't complete yet, a perks feature hinted at, and armor which doesn't completely make sense.The problem with all of this is the game features perma-death, so deaths by glitches and bugs and empty maps are permanent.  Weapon and character lost.  You don't create a game, update to feature a half-completed shotgun, and say ""hey, try out this weapon!  It's really cool, but doesn't actually reload, but we're working on that!""  No, they didn't say it like that, but it's how the updates sound.Also, there's a pirated version around, so they may not actually get the will to try to earn a paycheck from the legit Steam one.  A real shame as this game would be awesome in better hands."
76561198139772568,Not Recommended,269310,15340860,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,qwizx,"Awful. This game shows so much potential, and generally these guys make great stuff, but this game is just awful.The bugs here make the game totally unplayable, so save your money and wait until it's finished.First there are the general glitches that are understandable for a game still in development: randomly dying for no reason, getting stuck inside walls, clunky mechanics, etc. Worse though are the major ones: your progress gets recorded totally haphazardly, so you can spend 5 hours playing only to come back later and have to start all over.Very disappointed. Mostly because there is so much potential to bean excellent game, it's just hidden behind so much rage inciting problems.The finished version will probably be excellent, but for now, save your money and play it on armorgames."
76561198049961216,Not Recommended,269310,20285831,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GodEmperorTrump,"I've had my eye on this game for a while and decided to pick it up during the Steam sale. I had a lot of fun and the perma death kept killing me over and over. After a while of playing it though I got a hang of the rythm of things. To bad the game kept crashing and ruining everything. In my 7ish hours of playing it crashed about 10 times. And because the game doesn't save after every battle I had to do everything all over again. I would honestly, after having played it, would pay full price for it but all these crashes makes it not wirth it. I'll change this review after they fix these bugs cause honestly its a pretty solid game."
,Recommended,269310,33624658,Posted: 18 July,all,orange,"A few years ago I used to play ""Infectonator"" and ""Infectonator 2"" so I didn't hesitate buying this game even it has many negative reviews. After playing it for a while I have to say I love it very much. Maybe most of the negative reviews are for its previous releases. This game has the same graphic style as the Infectonator series which is attractive, but has a different game play. Now you have to lead a survivor team to improve the headquarter, fight against the zombies and escape the city. There are lots of characters, items and weapons so you can always try different combinations and different strategies to win the game. Some people say there are bugs which block the game progress but fortunately I didn't encounter any. The only thing I think which should be improved is that the game should have more help texts so people can understand the game system more easily.Rating: 8/10"
76561198118764367,Recommended,269310,24814431,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Master Tigress,>start game>plays through 12 days>gets good armor and weapons>boss and 2 zombies appear>i can do this>boss kills my tank in one hit>deletes save10/10 would invest time in again
76561197973135554,Not Recommended,269310,24793621,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Hanti ᕕ( ͠° ͜つ °)ᕗ,"This game gets boring fast. No randomized survivors. They always have the same perks. Melee weapons all have identical stats, almost no need to switch to a new one. Guns are okay but there isn't much variety.The gameplay itself isn't all that good either. There is scouting, which is sort of a wave based RTS. But not really. You place your melee guy in front, your 3 gunners behind and then click next wave untill it's done.Then there is exploration mode. You select all your guys, right click all over the place untill you discoevered 75% of the map and leave. That's all you do over and over and over again.Between this 2 things there is your base phase. You basically make food to heal and repair your car to win the game. Nothing more but a ""click here and wait if you have the ressources"" phase.Good things about the game is the art style. The sounds and the music. But the gameplay itself is lacking everything."
76561198287483401,Not Recommended,269310,28815290,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Witlock1,"not worth it as it is, too much focus on luck and not on player skill and positioning, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,269310,24537172,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,A.C.C. The Limper,"This game SEEMS simple enough.......until your face is getting chewed off by zombies.  I enjoy the gameplay but there needs to be a LOT more explanation as to WHAT EXACTLY you're supposed to do first.  Yes, the tutorial says useful things like ""assign survivors to do this or that"" but without having ANY clue as to what is what it's a lot of trial and error when you first start.  The gameplay is fun especially the scout missions but the exploration missions are.......imbalanced?  I really feel like this could be fleshed out JUST a bit more with explanations but I also SEVERELY believe that a difficulty setting should be an option.  Not everyone is the micro managing god.  Perhaps also adding a ""tactical pause"" feature?  Definitely a good game though but also still needs work.EDIT:  After playing a few more times I have come to the realization that this game should have been broken down into two different games.....I believe the developers ""over-extended"" themselves and have tried to make more content.  The problem is that it's almost two different games as the scouting missions are one type of play and the exploration missions are another.  They just don't mesh as well as could be hoped."
,Recommended,269310,12870739,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,[TG] Thranx,"Great little game.  One that will no doubt have a load of replay value.  Progression, decisions, combat, progression... repeat.  It's very good at what it does.  Currently (11/9/14) has a good balance of difficulty, reward and risk.  There's enough information given to the play to roughly gauge risk pre-combat, but not so much that the player can meta game a given level completely.Worth the $13 in early access even if it never gets another update, but looking forward to those updates and I expect I will not be displeased with what's ahead.  :)"
,Recommended,269310,10301467,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,gay,"its too easy for survivros to die in the VERY BEGINING of any playthrough. and when they do, it just throws you off completely.theres definitly a spot for improvment >.<otherwise bugless"
,Recommended,269310,24979011,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Willie,very fun and entertaining
,Recommended,269310,24796738,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,наdос,Fun but don't buy it if you are especting a shooter like enter the gungedon it is a movable towerdefence game.
76561198007462283,Recommended,269310,24804554,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Jestor,"very fun love it. definately not the easiest game but i love the challenge, you have to play smart pick areas of the map your going to defend for a while until you thin out the number of zombies. very fun game."
76561197995827407,Not Recommended,269310,16560163,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stuff0815,"I wanted this game such long time...Now I bought in discount, and I am so happy Steam offers a refund. It is really boring.Looting and something like TD. Just in a way that it is no fun. So many zombie games are out there, where you need loot like crazy, but here it is not even any kind of fun...Weapon store looks the same like a family house, and same like the police station. Same loot too..."
,Recommended,269310,24832248,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,AlbertMelfo,"Fun game with tower defense and RPG elements. Can be brutal sometimes until you get your legs under you. I'd say it's not for people that want a simple drop towers and wait kinda game, cause you will actively need to move your units around and gather supplies. You'll lose a few times, just be okay with that and you'll have fun."
76561198095085752,Recommended,269310,11321340,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Blockmanz,"Just like the first two Infectonators, this game just blows me away. There's just something about the game that makes you want to keep playing it. And that's what's been going on with me. I just can't stop playing it. It was a bit challenging at first, but I learned how everything works and now enjoy playing it a lot.Some ideas:The materials that you collect in-game could be used for modifying weapons. Different attachments/customizations increase and/or decrease weapon stats. If possible, there should weapons and/or gears that can only be obtained by building them with materials. Each of those custom weapons should have something special about them. Like, for example, high damage, high fire rate, large magazine, etc. Or they could have a perk or effect, useful for dealing with zombies. Like ""Slows down zombies,"" or ""Chance to score critical hits on zombies,"" or ""Slowly heals the Survivor holding this.""Also, on the missions menu/map, I'd be helpful if it just tells you where all the merchants, survivors, and bosses are located without having to be near them.In-game, when a survivor(s) gets killed, you can search their body, just like sparkly objects, to obtain whatever weapon they were holding.I deeply thank Toge for making this game, and i hope they will improve Survivors and keep making more games."
,Recommended,269310,23884016,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Alice,It's been years since the game was put on Steam and they're still rolling out little tweaks and fixes every now and again.It's been one of the early access games where I haven't regretted buying it.Do be aware since some of the updates wipes your progress though.
76561198035484602,Recommended,269310,10890569,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sierra Zulu,"Love this, so addictive, could be a potential great"
,Recommended,269310,11820483,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Zack,"This is a really fun game.It is about trying to survive. you can pick from 5 teams of survivors the beginning survivors, a thug and a swat member,the people from left for dead,freddie.w and the pwnisher and my favorite,pewdiepie and cutiepie Marzia. 9/10"
76561198049183091,Not Recommended,269310,28825623,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CanisLupus4285,The balance for this game is extremely poor. You could very easily die on the first expedition all of a sudden. There is no difficulty scale and there are too many things that make it too difficult very early on when you have only your four starting survivors and basic weapons. Also I have no idea how to unlock the other campaigns and the passes system is annoying and feels too much like a mobile game.I really would not recommend this game at all
76561198041163905,Not Recommended,269310,28816670,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,trampingaround,"This has all the elements that I love in an indy game, but unfortunately it is thwarted by poor AI coupled with bad play control.--Poor AI in that my characters do dumb things all the time trying to avoid one another due to collision that I can't avoid even when I micro the crap out of them.  See other comments about the sometimes unavoidable acid pools that are nearly instadeath early game.--It requires way too much micro to get your characters to line up in a way that allows your melee characters to be on the front line, as well as getting your squishy characters away from the front, particulary because of the collision element (see above).--The game is just no fun imo with the constant micro particularly when it frequently does no good.I really like the concept, and truly would love to see an improved version one day.  I picked this up for cheap on sale, so I can't complain much, but still getting only 2.5 hours of game time before rage quitting for the third (and final) time is a little shallow."
76561198086741676,Recommended,269310,10246761,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Bloods,Looking forward to future developments on what is an already great game.
76561197970554819,Recommended,269310,10156524,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Yogurt,I wanted to make this game.  Kinda zombie FTL.  Pretty cool
,Recommended,269310,10399613,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Seraph,Fun little distraction with added urgency via permadeath and being forced to push your sometimes less than stellar group of adorable survivors to their limits.I look forward to seeing more.
76561197981937154,Recommended,269310,10780506,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Avenger,Awesome game still improving mechanics but quite enjoyable.
76561198001854882,Recommended,269310,10480194,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Stranger,"This game's in alpha but it's already quite fun and playable. It's got a very user-friendly tower defense style gameplay, and the graphics are very crisp, nice looking pixel art. I've already got about 2 or 3 hours of fun out of it, so it's pretty good value for 7 dollars. There's many more updates to come as the developers flesh out the game and add more content and refine the gameplay."
,Recommended,269310,22542473,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Redheaded Ruffian,Best top down dynamic tower strategy hybrid you will play for a long time. (Very original)
,Recommended,269310,25013146,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,lynnkaede,very enjoyable!
,Recommended,269310,9957421,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Lauren Jamilah,Good but not as good as the iOS version.
76561198017063239,Recommended,269310,18164987,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SealfaceSexton,"I liked this game a lot, I only found 2 bugs so far and they didn't kill my game, the only problem i got with the game right now is needs more stuff i mean they got a good amount right now but they could use more, anyways Good game is good so buy good game and have happy moments"
76561198069812759,Recommended,269310,22756529,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,DarkRecon234,"Like this game. Even at this point of time, for an incomplete game, it's shaping up to be something special. Or at least, that's how I see it. I can understand why some wouldn't like this game but I guess it's an aquired taste of sorts. Still, I'd recommended it at least.It's far from perfect though. There is the occassional bug. One I just found is when I started playing the game with team Left4Dead. Things were running ok till I fixed the car and traveled to the 2nd area of the city. While exploring area's, I found the ""police officier"" survivor along the way but when I checked another area with a ""?"" mark...well. My guess is that I was mean't to find a survivor during the ""encounter/scout"" phase but when the map panned to the right for the next area, I briefly saw Fransis running around like a found survivor then suddenly disappar off-screen. Not only was I handicapped to a team of three for that weird reason, it glitched the game when I made it back to HQ since the ""auto-save"" feature locked up mid-save on the status bar, forcing me to close the game.Bad luck on my part perhaps but I guess the game gave me a survivor I already had and was in my active party for whatever reason. Probably not the best place to report glitches like these but I don't have access to proper forums for this.Despite this though, it is a good game. It just needs some more work but I'd give it time. To me, it'd be worth the wait for the full game."
,Recommended,269310,33374961,Posted: 8 July,all,۞A۞b۞a۞n۞d۞o۞n۞e۞d,Pretty interesting take on a towerdefence-esque game. Only buy on sale tho cause this game will probably get u less than 10hours of playtime at most.
76561198002092843,Recommended,269310,33408454,Posted: 9 July,all,Shatter,"I don't see why this game is poorly rated.  The game is rather fun, although it does have a steep learning curve to it.  There's a few things that the game doesn't explain very well, and you have to learn on your own how things are done.  Not to mention the grammar errors and syntax, but that's really nothing.  The pathfinding for your characters could use some work, but it's managable.  People complain about the acid.  It's rather avoidable as long as you don't move your surviors in a group.  Because if you do, one will invariably walk through it.Just a few tips if you do decide to get the game.SCOUTING IS YOUR BEST OPTION.  Seriously.  I know people's first reaction is to simply explore and that's a big mistake, primarily because of the surroundings and the number of zombie waves.  The scout option forces the zombies to stream down only a few number of paths, making the survivors last longer.  Scout an area enough and there won't be any nasty surprises waiting for you. Also, any turrets you've constructed will still be there should you decide to continue scouting.  Once the survivors research a turret upgrade, it becomes a smarter option of Ammo to build turrets and let them to the heavy lifting, as the zombies do not attack them and have to move past them.Another reason to scout is to determine exactly WHAT is at a location with a ""?"" above it.  It's easier to gain a survivor through scouting a ""?"" area than exploring and hoping to God you get to them in time.  On the other hand, the survivors in scout mode are paste eating morons, running around the battlefield, forcing you to situate your own men around them just to keep them alive.  It will also show you if there's humans in the facility, because that is what will attack rather than zombies.Also, the more scouting you repeat at a location, the LESS WAVES you will have to fight in the location itself.ADVANCED WEAPONS AREN'T ALWAYS THE BEST OPTION  That hunting rifle is sure nice, and can pierce through zombies, but it only has 6 shots and costs nearly 3x that to reload.  When low on Ammo, use SMG or high power handguns.  Failing that, Send out a mixed team - 2 HTH and 2 shooters.  That way, while the gunsels are reloading the bruisers will keep the zombies off their backs.SLOW AND STEADY WINS THE RACE Patience is a virtue in this game.  When exploring, patrol the fringes first.  This serves two benefits.  One, you'll more than likely find cars to loot and the zombies, when not coming in on a wave, tend to stay in the center of the board.  Two, it raises up the exploration percentage without putting survivors into harm's way.  Stay in a defensible area and wait for the zombies to wander to you.  Then, when the waves stop generating, move into the building and do a slow sweep, making sure you loot every single thing you can.BE MINDFUL OF THE ABILITIES OF THE CHARACTERS The cop survivor can reload while moving, the others can't and need to stop to reload.  Other characters are better in HTH or researching, use them to the fullest and you'll be all right.This game's rough around the edges, but it's a gem through and through."
,Recommended,269310,18157611,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,kingking408,This game is getting better and better by the weeks that go by. I mean srs dont you want to play as PEWDIEPIE. but any way back to the point this game is one of the best 16 bit games ive ever seen for now and its growing. and there will be exclusive rewards to people who buy the game early so please help this game and give it a chance. who know this will maybe be your favorite game. Cant wait till next update. For now its just play and have fun.
,Recommended,269310,27584157,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shinde,"First time playing.Scout an area before exploring, figure I should know what I'm getting into.Overrun by thugs with guns and swords.Everyone dies horribly. Complete massacre. Corpses everywhere.Well, I guess it's better than being zombie-chow?"
,Recommended,269310,18020439,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐ 🐸,Gut!
,Recommended,269310,11839431,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Mulle Meck,this game is great though critics says its copi- WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ am i doing like what am i doing i don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this being ilegaly copied those who say that are either Stubid or should be killed so i recomend this game for those who don't give  a♥♥♥♥♥♥aobut ilegal copies off rip offed games
76561198046701207,Recommended,269310,34005536,Posted: 3 August,all,r0jer0,Whats great about this game is the simplicity of its presentation. There is some strategy to be had but it also requires so little time to get back into the game. People who mostly buy games from Steam have to understand the root of what they want and what the publisher wishes to convey. I believe the publisher did an excellent job and this game is fun for what it gives. I enjoyed it very much.
76561198082890636,Recommended,269310,33664565,Posted: 19 July,all,M.s.k .feat. Freeman,Well it is definitely harder and much evolved than the updated Alpha-Demo Version and Luck indeed is a very important factor in this game. You might even find it unbeatable when you have just started playing this game but you can beat the game if you play your cards right and keep eye on you resources and Stamina. Overall a Good game for the ones who are into flash games and want to play a challenging zombie apocalypse game.
,Recommended,269310,24832000,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Slidey Slime,"This Is One Of The Best Management GAmes I've Ever Seen. Supplies Are Common But You Have To Search Survivors Are Great! The Only Problems Are That You Haven't Added Any New Survivors, Or Guns."
76561198034444064,Not Recommended,269310,15122335,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,罪,"good game ... bt the ""ZOMBIE FINDING"" at the end of every stage is VERY VERY VERY IRRITATING INDEED ,WHICH IS FAR MORE THAN ENOUGH TO KILL ALL THE FUN AND NICE PART OF THE GAME !!!try it guys ~ spend more time finding a single zed than playing thought one whole SINGLE STAGE !have fun :)"
76561197969628949,Not Recommended,269310,12412019,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"So while I originally enjoyed this game a lot, I'm not very pleased at what it has become.  The game feels tedious and I have trouble really getting into it.  It seems like a tower defense game, but it barely gives you any time to set up your characters nor does it give you many options for changing the landscape.  It has elements of a survival game, but there's way too many ""gamey"" quirks for there to be any type of survival game immersion.  And most of the gameplay is, well, boring.Pros+ Lots of areas to explore, lots of items to farm and craft+ Gun sounds are well done+ Randomized maps and items make for a lot of replayabilityCons- Not enough tower defense elements (you can set up turrets and that's about it)- Boring gameplay, nothing to keep you interested- No real sense of accomplishment for surviving- Environments are boring- Maps are very small- Game price is too highThe game tries to be too many things, and the elements don't mesh well together.  Might be worth buying on sale but I don't feel like it's that much fun.  If you're looking for a good zombie survival game, you can do better with 7 Days to Die or State of Decay."
,Not Recommended,269310,21403473,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Vaikesh,"CONS:* no difficulty settings of any kind whatsoever* zombie defence while inside a motherbase is way too hard since u cant control the survivors (would be nice to add some doors to the base instead of just gaps in the walls, especially since Scott tells us to 'lock the doors behind' at the start), also while or after defending the base characters step and stay inside a goo and just die there... thats just sad..* while in the field - mid game bosses appear at the 1st 2nd lvl, when i still have tier 1 guns.. wipes whole team..PROS:everything else is just plain gold :)graphics, music, sounds, etcPS will change to Recommended after fixing aforementioned negative things"
,Not Recommended,269310,20934018,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Google Chrome,"I paid for a free game10/10literally no differences, go play the online one"
,Not Recommended,269310,24361230,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Vindsvept,"Fun game at first, but when you finish it, that's it. You got only 30 ingame days to do everything. All sidequests, and quests, finding better gear, weapons and loot and other survivors.Crafting takes too long in one single day or to farm etc.When I finished my car and decided to drive off, the game just said ""Game over"" with survivors died.I thought that my game got 'carried' over to a new generated town with more difficult enemies and new quests.Survival mode is boring and too tedious. You just walk around until your people die. That's it.4/10. I wish I still could refund this game."
76561197961315946,Not Recommended,269310,24797218,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Notomo,Could be a fun game but with no tactical pause it is un-playable.
,Recommended,269310,24803645,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr. Toast,"At first this game is very frustrating if you dont know what to do, but as you play it begins to make sense and you start to do better, you will grow confident in your team, and they will prove to be excellent at what they do. I made it to the very end with my team of crack-shot survivors.Then my game crashed with 1 day left and I lost my save data10/10"
76561198180667602,Not Recommended,269310,21863709,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,chriswise2882,Every file I've created crashes or destroys my save.  Waste of time and money!  This game has so many bugs it's unbeatable.  No really I want my money back.
76561198062345117,Not Recommended,269310,22134858,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mason of All,"I love games from the bottom of my heart. For about a year and a half I loved Infectonator Survivors mainly because of its play-ability on my low-tier laptop. In 3 weeks, I will probably forget all about Infectonator and Toge Productions, as I will have a much better computer, and it will allow me to play better games. Infectonator Survivors is by no means outdated or outclassed by other prettier games, but it loses in responsiveness as an early access game that claims to be headed towards completion. When I say that I had a great time playing The Organ Trail, that is my genuine review of hours of satisfying gameplay of a retro game that has had someone's care and attention given into it's development. Respectively, for Infectonator Survivors, what I have taken away from many hours of gameplay is also drawn from various other aspects and small details that I've observed. The conclusion I've come to is that the developers do not care to fix the bugs, bad english, small details or mechanics. Honesty is a big part of success, but naturally people are afraid to face others objectively and they lie, just like how the developer who relays updates to players can't honestly say that updates actually take 3-4 weeks on average and continue to insist that they'll be back in 2 weeks with another update. Personally, this trend has made me have doubts in the back of my mind about how serious the developers are about  fulfilling the promises that they have set forth and even leaving their own mark on the game industry. I feel that the sheer heart that other developers have toward their games will outpace Toge; when you then add graphics and inspiration to a passionate developer, the disparity will become even more noticeable, until everyone notices that the developers behind Infectonator Survivors is not as responsive as other teams.As of August 6th, 2016 my opinions has gotten better with recent changes. However, on August 4th, a new announcement was made in the in-game ""new game"" screen. Despite there being no new content, the past 10+ hours of progress are simply gone. I don't know what to think, but I know that I won't invest anymore time until the game is complete."
,Not Recommended,269310,22919984,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Weber,Its been a year now since I bought the game. The games store page said trading cards and achievments. Little did I know these weren't actually in the game just planned. 1 year later nothing.  Not even a reply to the multiple threads in the discussions about it. False advertising by shady devs.
,Recommended,269310,24787317,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jokur,nice pixel art. weird game play. okay music. thought it was more like death road to canada.REFUND WORKS!
,Recommended,269310,26394682,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,drone110266,Interesting game with fun mechanics
76561197972854743,Recommended,269310,31870742,Posted: 20 May,all,lam30007855,"is a fun game for a while, 1 of them games i will do a few hours on every now and then, i do feel they could of done more to explore the tower defence part of it, since its almost non existent, tho i guess the characters are ur moving towers, but the actual towers u can build on some maps are largly pointless.but still i had a blast with it and i do hope it continues to be updated"
76561198091740020,Recommended,269310,22571033,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,76561198091740020,"Fantastic bloody game. A few bugs, goo is annoying as all hell and it can get repetitive after a few hours but I always find myself comming back to this game. Highly recomend a buy."
76561198283388625,Not Recommended,269310,22117809,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Riu,"Trust me dont buy this game. I played more than 10 hours and start over 3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥times because this game have incomputable bugs.The stupid  developer seems already give up this game.  And the same ""fixing car"" bug happeneds everytime♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥time when you arrive a new city.Dont waste your time on this game. Trust me , for real."
76561198034354695,Not Recommended,269310,18885795,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,LordWecker,"I love the concept that this game is going for, and I was excited to see regular monthly updates to this game, so I bought it, tried it out, and am pretty disappointed.  Yay for steam refunds!I'm all for forgiving glitches, bugs and crashes for early access games, but I think that this game is pretty unplayable right now, and for only one simple reason:  The user interface is super unresponsive.  It's like the game was optimized for touch screens or something and doesn't register half of the mouse clicks.  I'd click character 1, click their movement destination, they walk to the spot.  Click character 2, not realize that it didn't do anything, click movement destination, character 1 now walks to where character 2 should go.  Click back on character 1's destination.  Repeat until zombie wave comes and since it's a tower defense game and none of my people are in position, watch them die.  I would try to get the wounded guys into the back, but that usually just resulted in the guys in the back walking in circles as I frantically try to select the guy getting his face chewed off.I could probably try to get into the habit of quadruple clicking on someone to select them, but it was getting much more frustrating than fun."
,Recommended,269310,25452263,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Poptarticus,"I've loved the Infectonator Series.And this by far, is the best.BUY IT."
,Recommended,269310,17835425,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Deathwishr,"Through the patches I have survived it has become a great game with udderly Horrible people and not in the rude way the discussions you can see alot of people complaining and alot of smart people giving ideas for devs but all in all if your not terrible its a fun game and I personally like to listen to some creepypasta's on youtube in background but turn off game sound (which is just a bunch of gunfire anyway ... and sexual zombie moaning) or if i run out or creepypasta to listen to ill just look up scary stories and then listen with autoplay ... well the list is endless of what you could listen to like podcasts, or just even music, or, well stories in general"
76561198080887817,Recommended,269310,26898200,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hunion,A very fun game with zombies 10/10
76561197965872525,Not Recommended,269310,33294466,Posted: 5 July,all,bmj666,"Don't buy this game! It's not worth it at all!I played it far more then Steam suggest (offline not counted hours), bought it when it was still in beta. I regret it. The beta you could play in a browser was a real tease.The different versions over the years always ♥♥♥♥ed up your progress, but added some content, added bugs and glitches, removed them again,... it just never got much better.So many bugs bugs bugs....> just revived someone with 2 supply, went on mission with him. he simply isn't there with the other 3, but dead for no reason.> another character disappered when resting> save a character by protecting him for the rounds. runs into acid and takes damage (kind of a minor issue, but still stupid)> either your survivors are -50% speed on a mission or notthere's more..."
,Recommended,269310,29347879,Posted: 18 January,all,pecky-pete,its not too bad.
76561198015302651,Recommended,269310,24905206,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,crist555,"Played the flash version while ago. Like the 8-bit graphics, cute characters. Like the weapon and item.Some part is still confusing and not-documented. Like, how can I use the kitchen? How does the stamina recover?It would be a great game when a better help part is available."
76561198156215092,Not Recommended,269310,26307321,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Neo Blitz,"If zombies ate my neighbours and left for dead ever got drunk in front of the fire place together this would be the result!  Great game as much as I want to recommend it I can't currently because if there is 1 thing I despise about gaming it is losing on a technicality and in this game you will lose because of acid since you have no defense really other than avoiding it which is easier said than done, don't believe me, try it you'll see why I say this."
76561198006723728,Recommended,269310,33578086,Posted: 15 July,all,Minsk and Boo,"This is for the devs. If I didn't care I wouldn't post so take this as you will. You could print it and use it for TP while laughing maniacally. All good.This almost has the feel of Fallout about it... almost. I catch a whiff of the apocalypse and the BoS, but then it's gone under a mass of Plants and Zombies and pointless, timed clickety-click and combat that distances me from control of the action (Hi, Shelter).The game rewards you for playing in a very boring way on missions, then manically rushes the base building section. Also, controls... you know what I'm going to say here. Space-pause on missions would make for a much more in-depth strategy game. Auto-pause in base menus would make for a straight up less pointlessly stressful experience.As with many 'immature' games I've played recently, this game front-loads the difficulty. You have to ease in your players, guys! They are vastly less skilled than you at playing the game. A region where players can get ~5 or even more gimme missions is not a bad idea. Saying ""Hey, they have 5 total wipe restarts"", just isn't facing the reality that people will feel disempowered and betrayed. Let them move on from milk runs when they're bored and they solved your balancing problem for you. The initial experience of this game is just plain unpleasant, I suspect leading to a lot of refunds and 0.6 hour negative reviews. There are *your* 5 total wipe restarts.I got past the initial pain, but ultimately I felt this was too shallow and casual for a 'real' strategy and too pressured for a chilled whack-a-zombie. The pacing is just 'off' for an enjoyable game. Either it's snoozefestville or so fast you really have no time to react meaningfully. That commits the ultimate sin: robbing the player of agency. Every loss should be deserved.I wouldn't refund it, value is fair at around $1/hour (horrendous progress-loss bugs aside), but there are a few design choices I'd make differently."
76561198066825846,Recommended,269310,25020174,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Reias,"Party Wipe Simulator. Expect some frustration, as this game has a steep learning curve, and even after you get the basics, the game will continue to ""surprise"" you.Still fun though."
76561198012568270,Recommended,269310,30110580,Posted: 22 February,all,[M13] Juanma,Very fun and addictive. Must have for every zombi-retro fan.
76561198157894712,Recommended,269310,31758745,Posted: 14 May,all,anthony.ly24,"I ran into this game on armor games webpage which has an alpha version. It was so much fun but had some really buggy controls. I may be biased on my opinion but when I got the steam version I saw all the improvements they made since alpha and it’s so much better. What bought me though are the cameos that appeared in this game.It’s like a squad/tactics game that runs in real time and has a few RPG elements. As you explore the city you will find ammo, supplies, and occasionally other survivors whom you can add to your roster.By the end I was left wanting more though and would love to see more characters and game references. It’s a fairly short game but lots of fun. I would love to see some DLC for this game. I recommend that you don't take the game too seriously and just enjoy the retro experience."
,Not Recommended,269310,15372934,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Yuki-iSM,"Snoozonator: Where's my coffee? As it states, Alpha. Great deal of good concepts when it first came out, and have been progressing to this day. Sadly, at too slow of a pace. The developers are hinging on the fact that you the community are the game testers and providing feedback. There has been only three notable additions since April of last year, that's perks, a new level, and modding. Sigh.Mechanics are simple to those of survival type games, scavenge for resources or die trying. There is no end-game, yet. You'll need supplies for ammunition and food, fuel to progress to a new zone. As for what you can do at base, nothing really. You are able to place manpower into upgrading/inventing while sending out the remaining survivors to scavenge. There isn't much to upgrade right now and the base expansion system isn't in place other than a shell concept. As you progress, survivors will obtain exp and can level various stats. Perks are half implemented and only available on select characters.Gameplay is really straight forward and easy to pick up. When going to scavenge for supplies, the game plays a bit like a tower defense style game where you encounter waves of zombies. Replace towers with survivors. The new addition is that after defending against waves is hunting down zombies. There is a set number you will have to hunt down and honestly this is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest idea ever, the game goes from fun action pace to a drab tedious man hunt. You scavenge the hell out of the map only to spend like two minutes hunting down the last zombie, like really? I should have just scavenged and left already man.I'm glad they enabled modding because Infectonator is at a point of defecation and decay. Hard to stay interested and hopefully the community will carry. When I read the curators and ""reviews"" I just wonder how high you have to be to recommend this. In it's current state, it is worse off than most Armor Games. It's fun for like a couple hours before you see an empty husk Infectonator really is."
,Not Recommended,269310,20396705,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Johnnyclueless,ok i like this game but it has alot of problems like the bug seriusly too many bugs and dont get me started on game breaking bugs /:( but thats the only bad thing just bugs everything else is solid works fine except because of bugs i suggest wait until they fix most of the bugs so i dont reccomend this game in its current state but i will when bugs are fixed
76561198049736719,Recommended,269310,12439188,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,horrid,"the game is great survial simulator, tower defence and rpg"
76561198103774938,Recommended,269310,10312436,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ice_age_ninja,good gAME
76561198048022701,Not Recommended,269310,13799289,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,aslightlyburntflamingo,Im going to start off by saying I WANT TO RECOMMEND THIS GAME. But some simple flaws ruin it. The game is lacking and contains many bugs. The price if this game was free it would make it a million times more worth it but as is the game is lacking
76561198046491083,Not Recommended,269310,18360609,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The Dark Lord,"This game gets really easy very quickly. When you get snipers, machine guns and everything else, life loses all meaning and it's time to just stop playing the game."
,Recommended,269310,11930150,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Scary Doggo,id suggest letting pewdiepie start with a bro fist mele waepon it would be cool
,Recommended,269310,11777086,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,SSJHill,by far my favorite game on steam! :]
76561197976615963,Recommended,269310,12355337,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Irene Ryan,"Glitch encountered: Sometimes when the game is supposed to switch areas, the layout will change but the textures and sprites will remain stuck, effectively rendering me blind to what's on the battlefield. When this happens, the zombies also become invisible."
76561198058180699,Recommended,269310,10050532,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,barryhunt22,"Lost everyone but the scientist on day 1. Decided to just chill out, do some research, and starve to death. 10/10."
76561198117326030,Recommended,269310,12817832,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dweest,"Pretty good little time killer, still in early access so there's a lot more to come.For me it's like a cross-over between games like X-Com: Enemy Unknown and Rebuild, only it's less tactical in the fighting aspect and you don't reclaim tiles, but if you like these sorts of games then I'd recommend it for you."
,Recommended,269310,12754806,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,"Infectonator : Survivors, a  Randomized Tower Defense Strategy game that is sure to keep you on screen for some hours. I enjoyed kill the zombies and leveling up my survivors so they could past the hordes of the undead. I also like the tower defense system where you must defend your post for a certain of time. But, sadly to me the tower defense part could use a little work, maybe like increasing the amount of opitions you can use to defend yourself. The game is still is in its early access stage so i hope to see some new features and game improving. Other then that i'm enjoying my time trying to keep what's left of humanity. ^__^"
76561198058665930,Recommended,269310,12794711,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Veridas,"What to say about this game.Despite its' simplicity there's an undercurrent of planning and forethought that is all but required. Squandering supplies or fuel is death, and if one of your Survivors is killed, their weapon, equipment, levels and skills are lost with them. Every Survivor is an investment.Yet things can go wrong so quickly, and without warning, that it feels unfair at times. Survivors can't reload and move at the same time, so prolonged waves of zombies all but require that someone take the fall. They can seldom be outran or outmaneuvered in the landscapes.In addition, while the lack of anything other than autosaves makes the game seem unfair, punishing small mistakes with the abject loss of considerable time and effort by killing off your last, desperate survivors as their guns click dry and they find themselves faced with a horde, it doesn't offer enough opportunities to refill those numbers, and when your survivors are dead, there's no ""game over"" screen, it just returns you to your most recent base camp, and sits there. You have to exit the game yourself. As if being defeated isn't bad enough, you must exit the game manually, erase the save file that now contains nothing, and start over.The game has potential, and I've enjoyed the previous Infectionator titles, but I feel this game has a sense of artificial difficulty that keeps nagging at me. If you give your survivors the best weapons, then they quickly run out of ammunition. Apparantely it costs more ammunition to reload a 30 round rifle than it does a 30 round submachinegun. If you give them more modest, economic weapons then they are swamped, crying out their lack of ammunition.The roguelikes elements are extremely well done, the skills management is effective, and levelling up is just difficult enough to make each skill point seem valuable, yet I feel the game could do with a tweak in the difficulty curve, particularly given that there is only one city, and yet the maximum level of difficulty is not impossible to find in it.Recommended, but only for those with time, patience, and a voluminous vocabulary of colourful language."
76561198300502920,Recommended,269310,24906251,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pingu The Penguin,so much fun always wanted it when it came out! so good you guys should try it.
76561198028220239,Recommended,269310,28160344,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,cheok soon,Great game to pass your time but not much replayability.
,Recommended,269310,28935878,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Pretty awesome game ever!
,Recommended,269310,29694250,Posted: 4 February,all,marcusrobertson,"If you're employed, have kids, heavy study load and wanted something light and enjoyable to play with a sprinkling of zombies and just enough action, building management and group management mechanics, I would highly reccomend this game.I takes only a few minutes to learn and you're rewarded for each playthrough regardless of if you win or lose."
,Not Recommended,269310,21303399,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,duhL337ed,Not fun.
76561198046480019,Not Recommended,269310,21164668,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Brainz,"I can not get past stage 2 no matter how many times i try.I have been patient enough, the issue has been ongoing for some time.updates are released but they dont fix anything of value.For that reason, and the fact this developer believes he cannot replicate the bug that affects many people i am not recommending this game"
76561197983801874,Not Recommended,269310,17134564,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,naveadsmes,"This game would be nice for $5, but the quality of what you get isn't worth anywhere near $12. It's EXTREMELY monotonous and even though it's been out for over a year, the developers have made VERY little progress as far as improvements and debugging goes. I've had the game for an entire year and I STILL haven't been able to escape the city - seems every time I decide to fire the game up there's bugs with fixing the car. 10/10 would have returned if the Steam refund policy was what it is now back then"
,Not Recommended,269310,14261991,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gommie,"As of 31/01/2015, bugged. Fun concept, feels like a table game ported to PC, but the moment you see another survivor, game game 100% bugs out, you loose control etc.Hoping this gets fixed, seems like it would be very fun."
,Not Recommended,269310,14154059,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Backspin,"This is a really tough game to stick with through updates, particularly because one of the updates changed the game from a tower defense-esque style game, using survivors with limited mobility, to a top down room exploration/scavenging /crafting (limited implementation on that last one) theme that draws out gameplay unnecessarily. Between the implentation of crafting, perks, base building, surviving and traveling to the safe-zone (as per the original storyline, which seems to have all but fallen out of the more recent updates) the game seems to be spread awfully thin right now.PROS+zombies are all the rage+weapon/tactic choices+devs are relatively activeCONS-introduction of filler gameplay-lots of reports of bugs/no starts (personally i've been fine)-for a survival game, resource management plays a minimal role-you're paying $12+ for a game that is two steps removed from being free on Newgrounds.4.5/10 although a few updates could make this game a 7 or 8"
76561198034810354,Not Recommended,269310,18686420,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Andy S.,"Slow-paced, dull, repetative. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,269310,25425807,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Phucked,"cute idea but it should be a $2 app on the appstore, not a game sold on steam at full price..."
,Not Recommended,269310,14686928,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sir Berus,"3/10, Strong moble tower defence elements, Roguelike now (unfortunantly)The game so far is ever changing, i've owned it since day 1 - and it is pretty funHowever, The developers suck at updating the game, but last update was definantly worth the wait.There turning this game into some IOS♥♥♥♥♥♥instead of a computer game, its eventually going to show up on the app storif you have a touchscreen computer this game is FUN AS ♥♥♥♥, a real gameplay enhancerThe community who backs the game is a bunch of fanboys who will protect and defend any flaw you findeven if you try and make constructive posts, expect to get hurrassed by people who have no idea what there talking about.UPDATE: FOR CURRENT VERSIONThe developers dont release content fast enough, it feels like the game is getting minimal love."
,Not Recommended,269310,12962778,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ciepo.com,"still too early for a $10, seriously."
,Recommended,269310,24840950,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,HoneyI'mHome!,:) gh
76561198134049765,Not Recommended,269310,24862489,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sazeg,nope
76561198047207013,Not Recommended,269310,9862663,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Gatorbait,"This game is for smart phones, not PC.  I'm really not liking this trend of smart phone  games  not only showing up on Steam but being sold for 10 (or more)  times what they're worth. Pass on this and what for it to show up in the app store or google play for $1."
,Not Recommended,269310,25430350,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SherlockK,"controling sucks, they always stand in the wrong place and get eaten by zombie, so hard to control where they should stand."
,Not Recommended,269310,28580385,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,IWI Negev,waste of money and time
,Not Recommended,269310,20861194,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,NoBody,"Ok, but it comes boring at some point..."
76561198053229074,Not Recommended,269310,24797841,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,-_-,poorly balanced
76561198120443204,Recommended,269310,12358208,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Corona Heaven,"Personally very hard, but hey.. zombie apocalypse should be hard. Wish there was online coop on it but still fun single. I give it thumbs up."
,Recommended,269310,12722872,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,baconprison,okay this is a GREAT game but with some flawsthis game is very very good but it needs some minor work and balencing first of all i feel it needs random events at least different or more of them and i feel like the game is to easy first try i end up with 50 supllies and im already nearly done on the car at day 6 with 18 fuel i thought this game was suppose to nearly kill you every turn and would if you not smart about it and finally movment i could only move on sqaure every 5 hours which was somewhat annoyingbut otherwise music is good gameplay great and what it fouces on is goodfinal score 9/10 needs modreate blanceing
,Recommended,269310,28613807,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jonny Overload,"I once had a girlfriend who liked headbutting my♥♥♥♥♥♥ After playing this game, I long for those moments."
,Not Recommended,269310,17773183,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,56cool7,Game diffculty Its over 9000!Listen i like hard games i play nuclear throne and dont starve but those games let you get more far if you do everything OK This game says what this guy is about to die and no zombies are around lets save him! NOPE lets throw about 30 zombies? that way he cant live he will die for sure toge stick to the orignal infectonator that one is funPs:there is a free flash version which is the same! atleast i can refund
76561198092557953,Not Recommended,269310,13063565,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,rgpass,"This game is a lot of fun, but there's a major bug: games are not being saved. Just had an awesome game where I got TWO Dragnov's + SAW + AK in the first 10 days. Saved the game and exited out for the night. Came back and it was gone.Will change the review after this is fixed."
76561198011827366,Recommended,269310,12668544,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,will,i like the android infectonator also.
76561198019862767,Not Recommended,269310,26455622,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Twice Baked,I cannot get anywhere due to its brutal difficulty.  I have been wiped out by bandits with machine guns on the very first day.On my best run I had everyone decked out with mp5's and half of them in Leather vests. On day 6 the bandits with machine guns and ninja swords show up and insta wipe me.I cannot recommend this game due to this insane difficulty.  Six hours and at least 15 attempts later and I have only made it to day 6 the one time.  I usually die around day 2 or 3.I bought this game at something like 80% off and I still feel like I was ripped off.Stay away.
76561197997170430,Not Recommended,269310,24788434,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Essedus,I should have used the money to get a # 10 from Wendy's. Would have been more satasfying.
76561198204602509,Recommended,269310,30518663,Posted: 14 March,all,Bob123,It is a great game. Please keep it up.
,Recommended,269310,12536260,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Waskom,"Pretty fun game, get it on sale though, as a high price might not be worth it."
,Recommended,269310,24836921,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[Weed] Shelshocker,i enjoy playing this survival game...i play a lot and die so many time too. can play again and again tho xp
,Not Recommended,269310,23441449,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,amrree,Too short - i bought this game but it says its a demo...
76561198027845400,Not Recommended,269310,30417310,Posted: 9 March,all,Shuffleblade,Very badly designed
76561198086577753,Not Recommended,269310,32545141,Posted: 18 June,all,Danatz,This game is the reason why I'll never support any early access title ever again.
76561197972523293,Not Recommended,269310,24736979,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sdspecter,This game is mediocre at best. I guess I was just expecting more. Kind of a cross between tower defense and an old school rpg/adventure game. I wish that I could get my money back for this one.
,Not Recommended,269310,24787192,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,AlphaPhoenix,"I Don't like the way of this game, cuz your charactors have instadeath on day 3, even you doing everything right, you getting out of ammo, and they instakills you. Second, there is no way to do easy mode or hard mode in this game, in fact it putting you on hard mode, wich is hard for me, because I losing all ammo... Third reason is, it cost normal amount of money for me, because Im not using dollars in my country.. Fourth reason, when you getting lots of stuff like 5-10 fuel surviving only 3 days killing lots of zombies, and have guns over 25 it giving you a C, a fricking C for this all hard work for me, Im not noot on it, but it don't have easy mode to change.. for new players. Fifth reason is, when you doing tryhards on campain like 20 times, it giving you less Exp to get more points, and this is insane to get them, in here is no P2P thing, cuz I don't like the way of all those 3 charactors, but not Left 4 Dead, (Im never gonna get it...). So I would buy this game for free of reasons there is nothing updated, and not added new things for players who can't play game on hard."
,Not Recommended,269310,9863360,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,1stReaper,"altho its a good game, seeing that its free to play on game sites likearmorgames.comand a few others...im a tid bit annoyed at the fact that the games free to play on the sites but yet you got to pay to play it on steam,,,(found this after i bought the game, when i was wiki'ing how to find more survivors, and the first search come up armorgames)..."
76561198024485368,Not Recommended,269310,26449227,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Draekz,"Game way too hard lol. its alright but too much to do at once, seems impossible to win. so meh"
76561198341895347,Recommended,269310,28438544,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,COOLWATER2047,LOVE IT I SAW THE DEMO
,Not Recommended,269310,23722459,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zut0s,please dont... just dont...
76561198013754918,Not Recommended,269310,12262474,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Caspar,The game does not safe my progress.
,Not Recommended,269310,24784415,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Teemo,"kinda hard... there should be an easy medium hard, like systemNo way to customize controlsSome glitches such as text not showing upNot much explaining on what you are supposed to doCharacters die too fast for you to do anythingThe ""tiredness"" is hard to deal withresearch/building things at your base takes way too much time early on"
76561198124343881,Not Recommended,269310,25813222,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,altayaphoenix,♥♥♥♥ing stupid game waste of money the old free to play version on amour games is far better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,269310,31543366,Posted: 4 May,all,xxxColinxxx,Game is good
,Not Recommended,269310,24718003,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Cheerilee,it's good game but it need worki love it but it sucks right now
,Not Recommended,269310,9822016,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Pirate Software,I went to run the same zone a second time thinking it would repopulate materials and I was met with increased difficulty and no reward.  I then ran out of food and was forced to move to the next zone with less than half hp on each survivor.  I like the idea of needing to manage my resources but being able to run a zone a second time without any reward in store is a very damaging experience for a first time player.I really dislike having to control each survivor individually.A group move option would really make this less frustrating especially in high danger situations.
76561198123336727,Not Recommended,269310,9927561,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Red,this game is less then meeh 3/10 only get this if your real fagen boed
,Not Recommended,269310,31319988,Posted: 23 April,all,Cacti,bad
,Not Recommended,269310,31873575,Posted: 20 May,all,Eminem,do you know what isnt good. this game
76561198114802509,Recommended,269310,10757394,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Goldoa Dragon,"It's tough to thoroughly appreciate a game when it's still in Early Access, but the fact that there's nothing preventing you from playing continuously (as there's not now, nor do I ever think should be an official ""end"") and amassing incredible stats and weaponry, is extremely telling. This game was complete a few months ago when I purchased it, and it's added a lot since then. It's simple to pick up and play, and it's tough to master (especially when you take a break for a month and come back to new game mechanics!) which is a great feature of this game. The developers are trying to get the updates out, and usually focusing on major, imperative facets.Slight things have happened since I purchased this game (not the least of which is an increase in the price!) so there are bugs to occasionally look out for, but they've been dutiful in weekly updates (it'll be bi-weekly now, but I don't see that as a problem) and even updating in-between when bugs are noticed.The developers are taking notice of what the community wants and responding by prioritizing that, and actually returning the feedback with in-game changes!It's a very complete game, despite there still being a lot to add. And I don't see a reason not to purchase it, unless you want to truly wait until it's released.I can't see the price going down much, though, so you may want to purchase it while you can.Pros:-Motivating soundtrack-Fun micro-management system-Beautiful blend of tower defense, base-management and zombie-hunting-Great graphics-High replayabilityCons:-Overly harsh difficulty spike (wait two days in game and everything becomes infested)-No ""lull"" in zombie activity--once high, always high, so if you wait too long, you're probably never going to have a chance-Repetitive music-Random car moving scene is unnecessarily long and not skip-ableIn my opinion, it's a great game, worth buying and playing, especially because one game at the beginning is 10-20 minutes, but when you're good can be upwards of an hour, and there is motivation to get good, because who likes dying to zombies??I'd recommend this game to anyone looking for a refreshing change of pace, but still wants a challenging, strategy game. And also to support a development team that actually cares about the fan-base."
,Recommended,269310,10812638,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jaaslet,Can't wait til this game get more content!
,Recommended,269310,13416260,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Daim_66,Ths game is freakin addictive. I've already lost 2 teams and now I'm making my third walkthrough and I'm not bored. This is an early access so I'm counting on more things to craft and different maps. But at this point game is worth of playing.
76561198108804364,Recommended,269310,14397628,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BLACKHAWK9999,"I really don't like how sometimes no character can hit a particular enemy, its almost okay when you have for guys and only one for some reason can do damage, but if you're playing through the first mission with just a two man squad and neither can hit an enemy, that kinda breaks the game. Running the default 4 man crew would be fun if they didn't die so fast, there are times I have to issue a revive order 5 or 6 times before registering a response and they end up bleeding out, same thing with looting minus the bleeding out. Its fun, and I'm sure one day it'll be really good, just gotta fix those game breaking bugs."
,Recommended,269310,9882917,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,KillerOfLight,You can find a Lightsaber.10/10
76561198129515260,Recommended,269310,15920199,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Eli_Shane,"Infectonator survivors... is a pretty good game! The price is about right, and the only issue I have with it is the fact that it gets REALLY hard. REALLY hard. The level of realism in this game is incredible and that's what makes this game so hard. All in all, I recommend it."
76561198136571522,Recommended,269310,16542241,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,John Wolf,this game i dont know what to say its just so freakin funits so fun becuse the game is challenging
76561198028694057,Recommended,269310,16373296,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,xJunkSciencex,can anyone explain to me why i cant get past level one. it seems to crash?
,Recommended,269310,16367609,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kain,"Simple and fun, so far so good. If you are still in doubt about buying it, just check out some youtube videos."
76561197976096599,Recommended,269310,16089152,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Douille,"Before you buy this game, checkhttp://armorgames.com/play/15768/infectonator-survivors-alphaYou can give it a try before putting money on it. It is not exactly the same as it is not the same version but it will give you a great idea of if it is worth your money or not."
,Recommended,269310,15589377,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,BudLeiser,"Summary: I enjoy this game but this is clearly a work in progress. If you were hoping to buy early access to an almost finished game than these aren't the droids your looking for.Pros:♥Well designed 'toy' concept♥Can scavenge for parts and guns♥Good use of ammo as money and well ammo♥Level up system with stat points♥Variety of characters and guns♥You can see where they are trying to go in terms of design and it's good, just isn't there yet.Cons:♦Crafting system is more like a 'research' system because it takes forever even with 4 guys helping. Seriously from a design standpoint this should be broken down into 2 seperate things and crafting should be more instaneous and item based. Researching should be more time and skill based. Example: I spent 1.5 days learning (researching) how to craft armor. Why does each additional armor take 1.5 days, why not just take my materials and make it instant?♦There are some tough spots that might kill you, but right now it's very 'grindy' without much tension. If you go play their ArmorGames flash version I think that version had better tension.♦Item variety is very meh, a gun is a gun is a gun♦Not much use for turrets if you play ""right"" until later levelsTips as of v0.54: Start waves as a fast as you can, spam where the button appears even. This will help you build up 4000+ ammo. Don't wander too far from base, just go out 1-2 and then do 1-2 more buildings on your way back. Goto buildings with (!) above them, rescue the guy and then put him to work on the crafting table. Level up 4 guys as crafters and 4 guys as scavengers. Give lots of HP to the scavengers.Have fun and good luck."
76561198023420475,Recommended,269310,16435120,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Paranormalcactus,infectionators survivorswhat is this: to be frank its a zombie survival tower defence.now before you♥♥♥♥♥♥your head and go oh god not another one read onwhat do i like about this game:the gameplay.the randomization.the characters.what dont i like about this game:zed hunts can get annoying as you hunt for the final zed.14$ might be a bit high for this title.the fact that this is a tower survival defence when past infectionators have been infect the world games (but props for trying to innovate)what do i desire from this game:given in the past you got to play as the virus and infect the world i would like some kind of mode where you play as the zombies and infect each block of the city until its under your control then move on. (essentially a mode similar to the old infectionators)a killing floor crossover.more teams to play as.more zombie veriety.co-op there are 4 survviors per team so why not let another player controll the other survivors?multiplayer verses perhaps one side gets to be humans and the other gets to be zombies?would i recommend this game? hmm tough call some may like it some may not its all up to you.
76561198223115916,Recommended,269310,16670950,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Cybermatt,"This is a fun and a good start to a amazing game. I would recomend In later updates play online, find other grops of surivors, special modes and more ways to finish."
76561198130838563,Recommended,269310,18421456,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,mcozzy81,"Its been a great game from alpha to now. its more strategy then defense game. Music is ok and fits the surroundings, graphics get better as they update. for the price even as is, is good and it will get better. Not a good person to review lol. check out what everyone says. :)"
,Recommended,269310,18229339,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,N4,"I had a problem with the game, they fixed the problem with the game.Buy the game.The game is good."
76561198179832710,Recommended,269310,18440607,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,GF|Shanwezt,KEren
76561198049904958,Recommended,269310,18242006,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,BluE HeaVy`,This might just be the forth best game ive played with half life in front of it. But playing as the survivors for once in a infectionator. And the only bug i found is when shotgun bill faces north east and relaods his legs disapear.
,Recommended,269310,18518453,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Private Parts,Fantastic game - check out armor games dot com for more by Toge'
76561198016499013,Recommended,269310,18567045,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,BOUND 4 GLORY,"good game, but i would really like to see the full version on armor games as well....why? because i can't use steam on my chromebook, and because the demo version is unfinished, and is very boring to play the demo. so toge plz give us the full version on armor games?"
,Recommended,269310,12318806,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Cosmic Castaway,"Ive been playing Infectionator for quite sometime and Im glad to see it make its way on to steam. Its a great game, room for improvement but one of the better zombie survival games ive ever played!"
76561198007481306,Recommended,269310,12331314,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,rohamtaro,"I didn't hesitate for a second and bought this game because I always enjoyed Toge's flashgames.Once again I was not disappointed. Although in an early stage the game design is outstanding.The game in its current state is addictive, challenging but never unfair.Great for those who like me who like to game while listening to a podcast."
76561197970683114,Recommended,269310,12337588,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Watumba,"Funny little game for people who like tower defense compaired with some RPG-elements. Its pretty hard, like FTL or Desktop Dungeons. There are some bugs (I can't save the game) and there are non-implemented features (perks) but the game runs smoothly.You begin with a group of survivors equipped with weak weapons and every day you can choose between fighting through two tower-defense places or upgrading your equippment. If you are strong enough or have enough survivors, you can do both in one day (3 guys fighting, 2 upgrading, ...). The tower-defense places grow stronger every day and there are merchants where you can buy weapons. After collecting items (during the tower-defence part) you can repair your car an drive to an other destination. Simple, but addictive :-)"
76561198029695499,Recommended,269310,26719997,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sancor,"please devs, add an easier mode, a more casual approach, I like the permadeath, but more days before the bomb, and easier explore missions at the beginning, I cant understand why even though I scouted a block, then on the explore mission, got so many zeds."
76561198246594606,Recommended,269310,25681711,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,John the wolf king,WOW I'm enjoying this so far can't wait to see future updates! They shoud add a sound track that you could buy on steam.
,Not Recommended,269310,24969871,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ChilledJester,This game crashes too much.7/10 Just because they have the L4D characters.
,Recommended,269310,24975079,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AshleyWolf,"Okay, maybe I've been harsh on this game, it's fun to say the least,even though I'm still not keen on the diffeculty, it really add's up to the challange,depending on how many survivors you rescue.Besides, I just free roamed the last few days after I repaired my car,and rescued all 10 Survivors as the L4D crew. So, I'm going to recommend this game now. =)Also, I'm wondering why the Traveled points are ""0""? Can you travel without ending the game?And are there going to be more characters? Cause that'd be nice to see. Have a good one~!"
,Recommended,269310,17753125,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Vexa - The Man You Love To Hate,"As updates have arrived, I can change my review from not-recommend to recommend.This is a good game, and will no doubt continue to improve."
,Recommended,269310,33564401,Posted: 15 July,all,Neko Plutia,"its mean't to be a challenge and survival is based off luck so don't complain with the statement ""its a luck based game"" think of 7 days to die, it has luck involved when you search stuff the games not gonna hand deliver it on a silver platter so stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing and try to master the game not ♥♥♥♥♥ in the reviews"
76561198117156515,Recommended,269310,14073019,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,trollczar22,"they should add markiplier, wade, bob, and jacksepticeye"
76561198011836189,Recommended,269310,13650894,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,goal4843,"Decent game, updated periodically. Fun way to kill some time and oddly fufilling,Easy when you get the hang of it, but once difficulty increases and start running into stronger bosses can go down hill for you quickly"
,Recommended,269310,21655759,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,snkiis,"Ok so, when they added the survival mode I thought it was going to be awesome, but it wasn't, challenging yes, but for the gameplay not so awesome. I'm pretty sure if they took their time instead of just thinking it up and slapping it on there you probably would have got the game alot more attention... who knows.I have 10 things that would make the survival mode kick serious♥♥♥♥♥1.Add more weapons, instead of the piece of junk pistol2.Get rid of the unnecessary loot that you find in objects.Like jumper cables,batteries,tires etc.3.Add health packs and guns that come from killing more difficult enemies4.Add more characters5.Make the characters have special abilities6.Add an upgrade system that goes with the survival mode. Example lets say the weeker enemies are worth 5 points and the harder ones are worth 10 to 15 making the bosses worth alot more, with that make it like every 500 to 1000 points to be able to upgrade the character7.Add online gameplay8.Make different levels for survival mode in addition add a level editor so people have the abbility to create their own levels and play them online with their friends9.Add a sells person in a random spot to buy guns and other things from10. This is the big kicker! Add dual wield to some of the characters or all of them"
,Recommended,269310,21682528,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,orangejuice,"This game is addicting. While it still has a few bugs, the gameplay is solid and sports multiple elements. It's managed to mash together RPG, ""Rouge-like"", Time Management, Strategy, 2D Top-down Shooter, and Exploration - all while never focusing too heavily on any one element."
,Recommended,269310,21224552,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TheFatalEagle,This game is very fun and there is alot lot of action plus the music pumps you up.If you like shooting zombies i think this is defintly a game you should play IGN-10/10 would plays agains
76561197983162222,Recommended,269310,20495900,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Trice_Doomed (T4Z),This game is a great time waster for it still being in the early stages of development. Hope they get the funding they need to complete the game.
76561198019156789,Recommended,269310,20549528,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Capt Von Trapp,"I like this game, but I want to love.  From the description, this should be the perfect game for me.Tower Defense,I love them.Strategy, sign me upZombies, yes pleaseCrafting and RPG elements, Heaven babyThe game does these things and it it does them well, it is just a little grindy right now.  Perhaps that will change moving forward, but i can't see coming back for dozens of hours to what it is right now.However, for the price, even with my complaints, I think it is a great buy if you like the same kinds of things I listed above. I personally look forward to seeing it in its final state.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKBKkXNZWyw"
76561198151263383,Recommended,269310,20608239,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,butterwolf711,"I love the game and how it's come so far, I know this game is a perma-death, but it would be cool if there was a very rare item that could revive someone. I would also like to see pets, like dogs would help fight while cats search stuff around you. Or maybe while not in a mission, pets would heal people faster, by like 5-20%. Last, can you guys add the L4D2 crew? L4D1s crew is there, why not L4D2? And yes i would recommend this game. Thats all for now."
76561198274258861,Recommended,269310,20509586,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Alboss,Overall good game but it needs some twitches.
76561197969621512,Recommended,269310,20210260,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NexusOmega,"Nice little zombie game, which at times feel unfiar, thanks to the random out comes of events.The combat is well done, if a tad simple.worth a few hours of your time."
,Recommended,269310,17100427,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,asian juggernaut,love this game and all but there are a few thigs it needs.........for example could you add a project to fix equipment or make a bigger vehicle and currently there is a bug that doesnt allow me to fix my car even though i have the necessary materials so please keep my requests in mind on the next update[edit]even when the full game came out it was great you guys added tons of things and polished it a bitbut.....but you guys made hordes almost impossible to fend off with the green goop and the overall game felt rushed and a little short also where's the dlc?!?!
76561198069629842,Recommended,269310,28123574,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bwg11,Great game played 14 hours so far.Day 1: Killed zombies and found a kid with a pet dog.Day 2: Started exploring and found a church went into church and found Felix Pewds.Day 3: Everyone died from starvation.
76561198220523797,Recommended,269310,24176004,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,pixel-master64,this is a really good game but did found some bugsi wish there was a setting to block sweringthis game is really good try it out for your self
76561198028681899,Recommended,269310,26252801,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,JTSiege,"Great game, is definately like a more detailed version of rebuild. The rougelike elements are solid. the only real problem that i have with the game is the survival mode, if it were more like the campaign but endless I would definately put days worth of hours into it. but other than that it it definately woth it."
76561198075668544,Not Recommended,269310,28996538,Posted: 3 January,all,gandalfalfa,"I'm not good at writing comments so I'll just write my experience.First try - didn't know what I should research/craft and you can't pause the game so I just sat around wasting time and I didn't explore that night because all of my characters were tired from trying to reaserch/craft. Eventually I died because there was a boss and I didn't notice one of my characters was dead so I just sat there like an idiot trying to seach an object. Then I gave up because that was a stupid way to lose a character and I thought I'd just quickly restart since I wasn't very far anyways.Second try - I got a distress signal on the second night (the first night that you can actually do anything) and it was only two spaces away so I explored the spot before it and scouted the area. There were people with guns instead of zombies and I died in the second wave because they shot me at the same time so I couldn't physically kill them without putting my own characters at risk. To be fair, I thought that it could be a trap, but I didn't think that I had no chance of winning. Since it happened on the first night of playing. Maybe if I had better guns or equipment I guess.Third try - Everything is going great I've scouted and explored 3 areas in the second night (first night you can do anything) I've gotten a bunch of resources and weapons and my characters are barely injured but I head back just to be safe. Right before I get back to the safe zone one of my characters is killed by dialogue from a random event. I would've been fine with an ambush or something where I could actually fight back and if I did die it was my own fault but all I got to do was watch as my character died on top of the safe zone. I had the option to not explore the room I guess but I didn't know that it would insta kill my character. She wasn't even the injured one. We had already cleared the place of zombies.I'm going to keep trying because I've had fun with this game before and it still fun sometimes.Edit*Fourth try - used the radio to find a survivor since it's apparently extremely difficult to not lose all of your characters and I got an answer. When I got to the spot I started searching a nearby car but then I heard gunshots and startd getting money so I panicked and ran to save the survivor but apparently the entire horde was in the next room so two of my characters were knocked down and I apparently started reviving them too late so they died anyways. When I finally managed to drag my two remaining characters to the next room the survivor was already dead. In hindsight I'm not sure what I should've done, maybe I could've gotten there a few seconds earlier but I didn't know the location of the survivor until after he started shooting and that was when I started moving, or maybe I should've automatically known that I wasn't strong enough to save both my characters and the guy and I should've waited a while to explore the place. After that it took me the whole day just to make 3 supplies and I needed 4 everyday so I had to explore other places and I got killed by a boss.Edit**Fifth try - human bandits again only this time they were right next to the starting point so ♥♥♥♥ me I guess. I actually built a turret that time and I was reviving people as soon as they went down but then 3 of my people died at the same time and while I was trying to save even one of my other characters the last enemy killed me.Final EditSixth try - almost beat the game I made it to night 15 and went out for the final time and I got the last item that I needed to escape but I died anways. I'm not sure why that last night was even added in if you can't finish the car. The game is decent if you figure out the ins and outs but there's too much that's based on luck. By the end of this run I had saved 15ish survivors and had over 100 supplies."
76561198097470899,Not Recommended,269310,28994307,Posted: 3 January,all,walsetmd,"Ok -So this is sadly my first review. I normally don't take the time to write these. Bust sadly chose to do so for this game because it was the first game I'm going to uninstall, because I have zero plans of ever coming back to it.I usually love games like this... FTL, one of my all time favorite games. Kingdom Rush: not a favorite, but solid. Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten: SUPER good! So... I was really dissapointed that this game didn't do it for me. I'm also a Zombie fan. Talltales Walking Dead, the best. Dead Age, decent.So what is wrong with this game.#1) It took me only a couple hours to see how this game turns into a nasty grind. You're required to ""explore"" areas, which I was all into in the early stages, but quickly turned into let me just walk around the edge of this map so I can get out of here.#2) The RNG is nasty. The game works like this. Go Explore Squares... You have a very limited amount you can explore at first (You need a game mechanic of ""Stamina"" to go exploring. Once you get around 33% you have to head back to base. Each time you do that, you lose a day. You have to complete the game in I believe 15 Days.). Based on your Exploration you will randomly find componnents to ""Beat the Game."" The game gives you no indication that you'll find all of the componnents.#3) Coupled with this grind is a nasty system of upkeep. You need ""food"" or your people starve. This component is not bad actually. What makes it annoying though is it being handcuffed with #1 and #2.Do not reccomend this game. Sorry."
76561198110734809,Not Recommended,269310,13774613,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BammSaidTheLady,"I've been playing this since it came to early access. However it has balancing problems and a worse luck system than destiny at release. The enemies with guns are way too hard and most zombies are way too easy. Most of the fun came from early access when you got to see the game grow, and to be honest it was better in its first week than the finished game. It feels like there was no play testing done, and many mechanics leave a lot to be desired. It had potential, but was thrown into the toilet instead.Don't waste your money and play their original infectonator."
76561198006958327,Not Recommended,269310,24809720,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dark Chocolate Lover,"I played the first infectionater games since the early days and loved them but I have mixed feelings about this one. The presentation and sounds are great but the difficultly justs seem OTT, does every game nowadays have to be like Darksouls?My last game survived zombie hoard and human ambush at the minimart then returned to base only for it to have rained so heavy that it washed my food away. I suppose the team forgot to picked up some beans or something from the minimart levels previous,  So by day 2 I didn't die due to zombies or armed assault but because the rain managed to disolve every piece of food in a fridge in an enclosed building and my people hadn'rt eaten for 24 hrs... HARSH!  Also when you find a survivor is it possible to stop him flailing around like an idiot and charge directly towards an oncoming zombie hoard??? Maybe build in an action to hit the person with the butt of the gun perhaps? I recommend purely for your previous titles, presentation and if you like Darksouls difficulty..."
