user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198074861760,Not Recommended,269690,17640706,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Atlas's_Wrath,"Well I have given this game 2.2 hours via Steam timer and I can honestly say that I cannot recommend this game. Some people may say that that amount of time cannot give a game a fair shake I think it can. I made it about 5 minutes into chapter 3.Pros:- The music is wonderful and quite relaxing for my tastes.Middle of the road:- The visuals are decent. While I found the background and resource collection objects unique and very well done, but your ship and floating resources were very crude and uninspiring.- The voice asset in the game were in my mind very well done. I do not know if it is a fully synthesized voice or if they had someone reading lines and then ran it through a mixing board.  That being said the actual dialogue/diaries entries were written like a 16 year old trying to be deep, like Jayden Smith's Twitter deep. Some will find it endearing, I do not.Cons:- The game-play just feels mediocre to me. All I have to do click in the direction that I want my ship to go, dodge some obstacles and that is it. But that is all you need right? In my mind no. A person needs challenged, they need to be drawn into the experience. There is no depth with this game-play. I feel that they could have done much more with the IP they created.I think I can see what they were trying to do here and I applaud them for their efforts. This game is not my cup of tea, but it may be yours. Give it try if you feel that the points I brought up are not important for your experience."
,Not Recommended,269690,22233021,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Anzhou,"I sincerely wanted to like RymdResa. I did find it enjoyable, initially, but the latter part of the game is filled with questionable gameplay decisions that detract from the experience significantly.RymdResa is an atmospheric, space exploration game with a somewhat charming aesthetic. You are alone in space, and the story is trickled to you in sporadic pieces of poetry. You have no weapons at all, and your health and fuel are one shared resource, which is pretty unique in a space game. It features decently accurate Newtonian physics, which is a rarity in games. The biggest criticism I can level against it mechanically is that you travel faster when moving diagonally, because your velocity is capped in X and Y directions independently.There's a standard RPG progression mechanic, with experience and levels, and progression is generally preserved across deaths. There is also loot and an inventory system, which can be transferred across different ships. There is a sort of currency, called spacepoints, which you can spend on new ships. You use the ship once, and if you die you have to repurchase it. Equipped items are preserved across deaths, but are not shared between ships.The game itself is broken into 3 chapters. In the first chapter, you have to visit 9 different points on the map. If you die, you have to start over from the beginning. It eases you into the game, and has decent pacing as long as you don't die too often. In chapter 2, you gain a central base. As long as you're able to get back to it, your progress gets saved. It introduces an entirely new progression mechanic, which keeps the game interesting. However, chapter 2 also introduces multiple ways to regenerate health, which makes it significantly easier than chapter 1. There are a few instant-kill events that are 100% RNG based, but that's acceptable in a rogue-like game even if frustrating.The final chapter is where it all goes downhill. You once again have to visit 9 different points on the map, this time to gather keys. Fortunately your progress is saved between points, because you will spend 10 or so minutes playing Asteroids betwen each point, except in this game you can't shoot back. The story snippets begins to grow bland and, by the 4th or 5th point, the game becomes a chore. What's worse is that you have 'boss fights' for the last 3 keys.The boss fights are a simple frustration mechanic. The bosses are space-god psychopaths, and you beat them with the power of dialogue. You are given sets of two choices multiple times. One is right, the other will get you brutally mauled. Sometimes the answer is obvious, sometimes it's obviously a crapshoot ('left' or 'right' is a choice you have to make multiple times). Unless you consult a guide, it is highly unlikely to win in under a few tries. Combine that with the amount of time required to get back to the boss, and you have at least an hour or two artificially added to the game for no value whatsoever.To be honest, I would recommend skipping the last chapter entirely. It introduces no new mechanics, unless you consider attempting to empathize with psychopaths as such. The ending is extremely underwhelming, and frankly disappointing. And the story snippets begin to feel like you attended a poetry reading for longer than 10 minutes.The first two chapters of the game are actually somewhat pleasant. But when judging the game, you have to consider it in its entirety. The last third of the game gives no new mechanics, and offers very little payoff for a lot of frustration.I cannot recommend this game at full price. Even if you are genuinely interested in the premise, you should only consider getting it on a major sale."
,Recommended,269690,23402715,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,EdenStarGazer,"Space Voyages are fueled by Stardust and space diaries are the only conversation, in this Interstellar RPG.RymdResa translates to “Space Voyage.” If you enjoy poetry and philosophy with your journey through the stars, then this minimalistic asteroid drifter game might be for you.Story: Castaway in SpaceThe narrative begins with the destruction of your world by an asteroid, which is played out in front of your eyes. Then you are left adrift in your rocket-ship among the stars to recount your angst to the darkness of space. The story is wrapped in poetic devices, which are discovered in pieces as you explore various anomalies on your journey. Events are sad, joyful, lonely, and splendidly beautiful in turns; and so goes the poetry to match.I bought the game on release day, as I had been waiting for it early for the poetry. Though the achievements were not popping then, I continued to play for awhile for the relaxing music, exploration, and poetry; which was what I was there for to start with. I had been surprised to find the danger element, I guess, considering the relaxing nature of the exploration. But, it all makes sense when you consider the goal of the game is to experience the angst and solitude of being a castaway in space. In space, it has been said; no one can hear you scream. What did I expect? Did I actually think I could float around in space perfectly unharmed? I mean, seriously. Well, I noticed they’ve added a sandbox for just such dreamers like me. But, in returning to the game today after not playing for some time, I noticed the achievies have been fixed. So, though I have progressed no further than the first chapter to date, I look forward to exploring the “rest of the story.”Game Mechanic: Rhyme without ReasonI hesitate to use the word mechanic here, because in all honesty there is little mechanics of control allowed the player. You point your little ship in the direction the Sentry is aiming. What follows is an amalgam of random events: chance and luck, with a small bit of skill. You navigate carefully around space, only able to exert thrust or not. I’ve tried using my Steam controller to no avail here. The keyboard controls are mostly a complete waste. The best option is to just use the mouse to pilot the ship; left clicking to thrust, and right clicking when you come up on a random anomaly to explore. The random anomaly may kill you instantly or offer you a choice of bonuses. The bonuses may kill you instantly or give you goodies.Collectables include stardust, which is both fuel and health, consumables which offer special abilities and are accessed at will with the number keys, and spaceship parts to upgrade. The upgrade screen has a neat little interface that lets you click and drag found parts onto your ship. But, if you play in a skilled manner, you will probably feel frustrated from the random nature of both the objects that come at you and the luck of the dice roll that the exploration uncovers.Pros:*Poetry*Enjoyable soundtrack & Lovely digital art style*Simple mechanics*Large freedom of difficulty choiceCons:*Minimalistic Graphics*Random Events*Little player control*Screen Resolution both limited & buggedI recommend RymdResa for gamers who enjoy philosophical poetry and random event exploration in the stars. If you are in it for the game itself, and not too concerned with a rush for the achievements, then you will find the time in space well spent for drifters."
76561198100377995,Not Recommended,269690,30405546,Posted: 9 March,all,lebarondeplatypus,"A hopeless mission: a lone man sent out into the abyss looking for salvation. The longing for a new place to call home drives him deeper into the void. Hints of life still remain, yet nothing in this empty universe can replace the utopia he was forced to leave behind.That isn't the plot of the game...its how I feel everytime I think I've stumbled across a spiritual successor to FTL. Rogue-like space exploration, ship customization, an original concept, and choices that matter, all of these promises convinced me to give RymdResa a chance.I give credit to what seems like a genuine artistic attempt. Slow safe travel emulates the solitude of a long solo space mission, while rocketing forward into the unknown represents the urge to discover, to explore, to hope. The art style fits, as do some of the game mechanics, all of these shades of blue and grey traveling through spaces on their own axis make your lonely little ship seem like an afterthought. On the surface I see endless potential...the existenial trappings of films like 2001: A Space Oddyssey or Moon.Too bad the game is as empty as its space theme. Gameplay is more or less Asteroids minus a gun. Motivation to explore dissipates as soon as you realize choices dont matter. At all. Fly til you die, every experience feels the same.Then there's the poetry! I get it, poetry is hard, and while RymdResa delivers decent (albeit rather brooding) prose, it also rambles. Endless. Pointlessly. Shut up, spaceman! Get out of my head! I know these are ment to be the musings of madness from a man who has spent years in solitude, but I don't need it sprung on me every 3 minutes. Just make these into ""logs"" available from the main menu; I'll read them if I'm curious. Supplement my gameplay, dont interrupt it.Upgrades ultimately mean next to nothing, a meaningless point in a stat that barely matters. Fly slightly faster to nothing in particular! The deeper I try to go, the more shallow this pool seems to be. You, RymdResa, are no contemporary to my dear Faster Than Light. You are simply a pretty face with an empty soul.And so for a brief moment, I thought I had found a new flame, but alas, she is cold and superficial. The spark fades, we drift apart, and once again I begin my hopeless mission. The next FTL is out there. It has to be. But not here. Not like this. Prehaps I will find it in my next life. For now though, I press on into the unknown. Godspeed. *mic drop*Nevermind. I'll just smash into the sun again. I hate you, Poetry Slam Spaceman."
76561198039153010,Recommended,269690,18754816,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Solid,"You captain a small space ship.  As you go through space and things come up like FTL in real time with random outcomes.  The thing is that your ship's fuel and life are effectively the same.  Additionally gravity has a random and huge effect on you.  The result is you floating through space without the resources to really control what you are doing or what happens to you.  Sometimes you get pulled toward your next objective.  Sometimes, often, you get pulled toward certain death.  One time I spawned, went places, randomly found some really good research, got a bunch of XP, and lived a long and fulfilling life before I died.  One time I spawned, got pulled toward two massive stars, used a lot of fuel to boost away from a gravity pull I could not normally overcome, and instantly died because while boosting you lose all control and can't avoid asteroids in your path.  One time after 10min of play I randomly came upon an event that took away 1000 fuel/health instantly with no real warning (max starting health is 300).  The only constant is the poetry of a spaceman who is dead inside and will soon be dead outside.I like this game because I believe it attains it's own goals; becoming art.  However it also has the habit, for better and worse, of taking the player's time and throwing it away... into a vast endless hypnotic void."
,Recommended,269690,17637363,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,scotchkoreanguy,"The poetry of the diary pods is beautiful and often thought-provoking, and they very effectively capture the essence of solitude and desolation. This is not merely a game about wandering through space, this is a compelling story about a cosmonaut who shoulders the responsibility of finding a new home for mankind, and who struggles with a profound loneliness along the way. The voice acting brings the diary pods to life, and adds an emotional power that could never be felt if they were only read. This is immersion done right and it is storytelling of the highest caliber. The diary pods, to me, almost single-handedly elevate this game to the status of art, not simply entertainment.Not to mention that the game looks gorgeous, and proves to be an enjoyable challenge. I highly recommend this game if you're in an existential mood."
,Recommended,269690,17666186,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SoulDriven,"RymdResa has been described as the world's most relaxing roguelike. That descriptor was enough for me to one, raise an eyebrow and two, quickly see what it was really about. Having started my first run, relaxing wouldn't exactly describe this experience. There was a sense of urgency, lack of control and, a surprising air of hostility. I died within a minute. I tried again and even when taking a more cautious and slowed approach, an asteroid still barreled right into me. I tried again and died within a menu from a pre determined hit to my resources. That's when I realized that the statement was true. It's relaxing if you make it so and go at your own pace but you won't make much progress. It's the peaceful tranquility of a lone existence yet the acceptance of a slow death. That's what this game does so well, it creates an atmosphere of loneliness and quiet contemplation, accentuated by the initial soft piano and stirring audio logs.But who has time to think when you suddenly have to reverse course in a instant and wrestle with stopping to avoid that space rock? The game comes alive when you're boosting straight through the gravity well of a sun because you couldn't pull back in time and in doing so, crash through a field of asteroids. Your ship is damaged but you're alive. How about when you're cruising along and suddenly an object 25 times your size comes into view a little too fast for your liking? If anything, the objects should be bigger because it's the most thrilling rush of the game and leads to some awe inspiring moments. It breaks up the banality, you must be alert and pay attention or you're dead.The point is space is cruel. Not by design but by nature. Nothing is actively aware or trying to kill you. The point is you have a mission and no matter how hopeless or bleak it seems, it's better than just a-waitin' 'round to die. As a diary log says, just do. The poor guy has suffered enough and no one wants to drift around in a circle for 65 years."
,Recommended,269690,28481187,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Audish,"I never thought there would be much overlap between the roguelike and chill-in-space-and-look-at-things genres, and yet here we are. Rymd Resa is by far one of the most relaxing roguelike-things I've played, with a lot of drifting through the cosmos and collecting star stuff. That's not to say there's no death, or frustrating ends to promising runs, but it doesn't take much to get past that and into the soothing embrace of eternity.Rymd Resa starts pleasantly enough, with a rogue asteroid annihilating your homeworld. Stuck on your dinky starship in the vastness of space, it's up to you to find a new home for yourself and maybe unlock a few secrets of the cosmos while you're at it. The gameplay is very familiar Asteroids-style jetting about but with several extra layers of resources, stats, and items to keep you busy. Most of what you'll be doing at any given time is seeking out and exploring objects in space, while avoiding dangers like rocks, mines, and angry suns.There are three chapters to the game, each with very different goals to tackle. The first chapter has you following a trail of signals across the universe, while the second tasks you with finding resources and returning them to your base. The third is a mix of both, with objectives to locate in deep space while also bringing back materials for upgrades. A helpful coordinate system and objective marker (which is actually a small companion ship) keep you from getting too terribly lost in the void as you putter about.You're still going to get lost, though, because space is vast and ever-changing. The heavenly bodies of Rymd Resa move quite a bit, with some drifting lazily in the sea of stars and others streaking off into eternity. They're a lot of planets and nebulae and asteroids but also derelict satellites and stations and stranger things like kittens in F-14s. I should say now that this isn't a terribly immersive game, and it gets a lot more mileage out of its chill atmosphere than simulating any sort of actual space.Getting near a safe object prompts you to explore it, at which point several different things can happen. You could get Resources, which serve as both your hit points and fuel. You could get Spacepoints, which are spent on unlocking new ships and abilities via research. You could get a bit of poetic dialog that presents you a choice. Or your exploration could fail. Any of those outcomes can also produce a random item, either a consumable that helps you in your journey or a piece of equipment for your ship. There's a pretty broad spread of items to find and equip, which helps give the game a bit more longevity after you complete other upgrades.There are also levels to gain and skillpoints to assign and audio logs to find, and these are all welcome additions to keep you exploring space. You'll have plenty of reasons to putter around the stars, exploring and collecting to your heart's content... and then a bit of space junk will come out of nowhere and annihilate you. Rymd Resa has one big flaw, and that's how easy it is to die, at least at first. I mentioned your Resources are your life and your thrust, and the base ship can hold up to 300 points. Well, a rogue asteroid is going to do well over 100 points, so if you've been out exploring for awhile and drift too far the wrong way, or just happen to be in the way of a comet, that run is over. You can even bite it from a particularly unlucky exploration that saps your Resources with no recourse.I had a few moments of intense frustration as lovely space journeys ended abruptly and unfairly, and it's all due to how weak your starter ship is. You can unlock better ships with 600 or even 1000 Resources to run with, but this costs Spacepoints and it's NOT a one-time unlock. You're buying that ship for your next run, so you'd better hope it's a good enough run to earn all those Spacepoints and more back. Items and research upgrades can also mitigate these issues, so by the end of the game you should be back to drifting happily through the void. It's just that first hour or so that threatens to disappoint.Hopefully you can get past that hurdle because Rymd Resa is an excellent chillout roguelike full of wonders to discover. The simple, high-contrast graphics and the synth soundtrack are perfect for your treks into the unknown, building upon the strange and solitary atmosphere of your quests. There are some pretty poetic audio logs and text that might annoy you if you often find yourself deriding things as pretentious, but I found they added pleasantly to the offbeat presentation. In the end it's a relaxing journey in a colorful, creative galaxy that I find myself just as strangely drawn to.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
76561198014473461,Recommended,269690,27507559,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Genghis Pawn,"This game has got so much depth to it, and between the music, the diaries, and the vastness of the distances you travel, it really evokes a sense of the solitude of space. If you're looking for a shooter or a ship-builder or an traditional RPG, it's probably not for you. But if you want a game that will make you ache in your bones and reward patience, it's sick."
,Recommended,269690,17638931,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: A strange, relaxing, poetic, journey-based roguelike about a lone traveller in space and his mission to help humanity.  Simple to play, RymdResa manages to be both challenging, interesting, and set a wisftul, lonely mood all at the same time.  Worth it for fans of rougelikes, journey-based games, and people wanting something unusual and atmosphric.RymdResa is a bit difficult to describe.  It's a Space Roguelike, where you gradually build up a ship and a pilot (and more) to take on adventures (through much permadeath).  It's also an artistic, moody, journey based game about one lone traveller with a poetic soul, facing the void and a mysterious mission.   An atmospheric roguelike if you will (that's my current term I'm sticking with).You start out in a lone ship after the loss of earth, following vague signals to search the galaxy for particular locations.  Your ship is supported by Resources, which you can find by exploring various worlds, ruins, and artifacts or using abilities and equipment.  Running out of resources means death, and as using your engines or hitting a danger (helpfully outlined in red) costs resources, you want to keep them stocked up.Travelling will result in random locations coming up, occasional obscure choices, and your character's own poetic observations.  Time passes as well, and every year you may get a new poem, or an incident that changes the game a bit.Your character also gains experience and equipment, both of which carry over between games.  Research pods let you add new features to your ship - and in an intersting rule twist, require time to develop, so researching something simply requires you to play or wait.   Eventually you can construct your ultimate pilot and ship - though it's still going to be tough.Adventuring also nets Starpoints, which are spent to respect the character, to purchase new and better ships for that mission only), and so on.  Starpoints also carry over between missions, thankfully.Fiinally the loss of a pilot may let you purchase temporary boosts for the next game - use them well.The game is divided into three chapters, each of which has different goals and requirements - on top of assorted side quests you can do.  Your strategies and experiences will change as you explore and upgrade  and encounter more of the mysterious tale.The game's atmosphere of isolation, drifting, and speculation is maintained by its music, the character's occasional musings, and the strange and surreal universe the character voyages in.  You may encounter a piece of poetry or a few words hanging in the void, or a space station with tentacles.  One area of space may be interted, another with a background of a pulsing star.  RymdResa is it's own surreal cosmos.The developers, as of this writing, are also supporting it with new content and quests.  These people really care about their game.The simple play, the many options, and the atmospheric presentation combine to make the game both relaxing and challening, both strange and familiar.I will note the difficulty curve is going to be different for different players.  Having seen other people's reaction to playing the games, it seems some people take to RymdResa and its easy - for others challenging.  As a guy with a near-supernatural ability to run into things in this game, I was the later.Is RymdResa a good game?  Most definitely, it shows true artistic craftsmanship, it's easy to pick up, provides depth, and can really reach you.  I've enjoyed piecing together the story behind my ever-returning lone astronaut - or perhaps I'm just making one up from the pieces of poetry.  The game also has a certain compelling element to it that draws you back.Is it for you?  Well, no, it's not for everyone.  It's best for:* If you like Space Roguelikes, flying around and exploring - but also want to relax and not have huge amounts of combat or complex trading routines.* If you like journey/travel based games but want something more, something to prod you.* If you like experimental games then this is definitely for you.  RymdResa achieves a certain ""something"" that's worth exploring.  There's something compelling about it.* If you want a game that mixes challenge and relaxation in the right amount - but doesn't hold your hand.So make the call.  Perhaps you'll join some of us in the stars, ever-returning, reading cryptic poetry in space as we try to save humanity and ourselves."
,Recommended,269690,29123396,Posted: 8 January,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"There is something about the simplicity and zen-like nature ofRymdResathat I just love.Essentially, this is a rogue-lite title that is best played with a controller from the couch.You navigate a spaceship through a fairly simple gravity-based physics system in space. Don't hit bad stuff. Collect a 'star-like' currency. Upgrade your ship. Unlock better ships meta-game style with the currency. Collect weird poems and just figure the whole thing out.Pros:+Fun little zen-like space game that will have you playing in short, yet still engaging play sessions.+The artwork is certainly original and is very nice, in my opinion.+The universe all has a ambience and feel to it.+Metagame unlocks.Cons:-Yeah, it's a bit pricey.Another little indie gem that is certainly worth it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,269690,17631157,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,φ,"I thought I was waiting my whole lifeTo go into space. But,space was waiting its whole lifeFor me"
,Recommended,269690,17790031,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Radny,"God if this isn't the calmest, most difficult game I've ever seen. Beautiful in every way imaginable, from the custom soundtracks for each ship you can fly in, to the backgrounds of the space around you that shift when you pass through different zones, this game is literally art. If you're a poetry fan you'll like the fact that the only voice acting is read poetry from the pilot, which also helps unravel more of the plot as you go along. Very calming besides the fact that, as any good rogue-like will have, it's nearly impossible to progress the story for a very long time. For instance, i nearly completed the first chapter when i got a gift from the game for travelling through space for 8 years: a wormhole that puts me all the way back at spawn point. But besides the unfair RNG, one of the best games i've play in a while.tl;dr this game makes me want to ♥♥♥♥ space and you should too."
76561197970320868,Recommended,269690,17696369,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,sizer99,"A very strange little game - drift through space, try to collect resources, try not to die. Things attack you, but you can't attack back, only avoid. There are different zones with different 'weather' and things to find, and somewhere lurking out there are berserkers...It's definitely a rogue-lite. I died within 15 seconds of starting my first game. But then you learn what hurts, and can go longer and longer - at this point it's very relaxing since I never die.You may wonder why things are so weird, well there does seem to be a reason:It seems to be an examination of crippling depression and loneliness after a traumatic event that I won't spoil even in the spoiler section, but should become obvious.A couple tips: 1) If you find a Research Zone, /scour/ it for all the research info. These are relatively rare. 2) At first boost your resource stats, but eventually boost your item finding stats - a good shield will really pay off, 3) recycle items you can't use - do enough and you get a recycled item - some are crap, but some are amazing. 4) Steering is INERTIAL. Once you get up to full speed do not keep holding down the accelerate button, or you will burn all your resources fast. 5) Once you hit max level, reallocate your pilot points - at that point you need much less survivability, much more exploration."
,Recommended,269690,17828615,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,lazZer,"Ok this game is going to need pros and cons because not everyone will enjoy this game.Pros:- Very cool retro graphics. The atmosfere is amazing. It perfectly represents the loneliness of space.- The diaries are really cool and adds to the atmosfere- The physics are really realistic.Cons:- This game can get really boring. This game is not full of action and pew-pew's like other space games because it  represents loneliness. There is the eventual asteroid crash.- Unexpected death. I know this game is rogue-like, but sometimes you unexpectedly get to an asteroid field, and you crash into asteroids before you are able to escape and you are dead. It's especially annoying when you have a lot of materials and you lose all of them.This game is good while you watch some shows on tv."
,Recommended,269690,17651383,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,leitmedium,"Super relaxing and atmospheric space exploration roguelike. Needed about 15 minutes to fully understand the game. Afterwards dying became rare and I just enjoyed sound and graphics. Think, if you like science fiction movies likes ""Moon"" this might be a game for you."
76561198084938205,Recommended,269690,17941373,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,☆~Starstone the Brave~☆,"I'll spare you explaining what the game is since so many reviews have already done that and you've watched the trailers. I've put roughly 6.5 hours into the game and have a decent grasp on it's everything. If you are looking for a relaxing, casual rogue-like and poetry that adds the ambience of being alone, this game is perfect for you. The price tag reflects what you will get out of this game. That being said, you will kill a lot of time trying to collect eveything despite this game being easy.Pros:-Unique-Addictive-Simple-Price reflects what you will be gettingGray Area:-EasyCons:-Lack of story (3 chapters total. Each one will take 30 minutes at most if you don't blow up in a star, crash into an asteroid, hit a mine field, get GGpew-pew'd from another spaceship, etc.)-I feel that leveling takes a bit too long past 10. Max level is 40. A minor complaint I guess."
76561197999760879,Recommended,269690,19143984,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,LushSlummer,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Is it unfair at times? Of course. Is it vague? You betcha. In a sea of top-down rogue/like/likelike/lites, this isn't really anything that would stand out immediately. But like the rest of us clamouring for this strange combination of game and vague poetic existentialism, it is just that. I bought it at whatever hour of the night and literally played it until 10am the next morning. I honestly did not notice the time that it stole from me. For some reason, like FTL and a few others, I was invested in the futility of my continuous attempts. This is not a stand out review, I know others on here have said basically the same vein of things. I can only hope that you would get drained into it as much as I have, but I suppose there's only one way to find that out."
,Recommended,269690,24146313,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Boat Chan,"This is one of the best games I have played. The art style, mood, and internal rhythm of this game were spot on for me. This game relies heavily on its art style to charm the player. The game mechanics themselves are not extremely innovative. For that reason, I would not expect this game to appeal to a large audience. If the trailer makes you think you would like this game, I would go for it. You may end up with a very positive experience."
,Recommended,269690,17735153,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,theaustinpundit,"A beautiful game that values slow, contemplative enjoyment over quick, mindless thrills. RymdResa's perfect meld of tone and gameplay results in an experience that is both hauntingly hypnotic and mercilessly addicting."
76561198026046115,Recommended,269690,31208849,Posted: 17 April,all,monkeywithstick,"Beautiful, peaceful, haunting and very very retro sci-fi. Love it to pieces so far, hooked me in in 5 minutes and just kept me hanging in the ether listening to the music and the in-character nostalgia."
76561198117861731,Recommended,269690,18360313,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Reyadh.Rahaman,"A space exploration game that is vastly different from the rest.Instead of blasting your way through the galaxy, RymdResa gives you a chance to cruise through the cosmos and explore the way real astronauts would if they had the technology.The music is amazing and suits the tone of the game very well, expecially since it adapts to the current area you are in.Visuals are minimalistic, but accomplish much. There's not too much to see in space, unless you're looking. And if you're looking, you will find it.The multiple stages all have their own goals and with 8 different ships and an untold number of ship parts, you can play how you want. You cant speed around scouting co-ordinates far, far away or you can use a beefy ship and cruise along at your own pace without fear of getting wrecked by a single asteroid.The one problem I have with this game is what happens when you deliver a full-cargo bay's worth of resources. Instead of being unloaded in one go, the resources trickle out of your ship one at a time, which is ridiculous considering your ship can hold over 1000 resource points. It literally took me10 minutesto transfer my resourcesEVERY TIMEI filled up my ship. ThatNEEDSto change in the next update.There's alot to experience in this game despite how it will initally look when you begin to play it."
76561198001418172,Recommended,269690,17668513,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Kosemartin,"Pretty chill game. Nice and relaxing gameplay, although the poem-stuff feels a little bit 2 pretentious 4 me.Protip: Dynatron - Escape Velocity fits this game well."
,Recommended,269690,17741480,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"I'm just at the beginning and i will update this review soon, as a beginner i find the game tricky and quite difficult, died many times, and began getting a bit bored of it, but while completing few achievements and improving my undecent skills i began tasting the depth of the game, the words that you find around in space and the thoughts, actually i love space games because sometimes they are so suggesting to inspire my intellect, and i found myself in many of these thoughts spread around the game...I'm excited to proceed and see what's coming next, but honestly i'm a bit bothered because i die often and it is not possible to zoom out a bit, at least not at the beginning, maybe there is a chance to upgrade your ship in the future with a zoom function, i don't know, at the moment i'm enjoying it and hoping to enjoy it even better in the future."
,Recommended,269690,17816167,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mike_Trekker,Very relaxing game nice if you want something to chill out with and kill time
76561198080157426,Recommended,269690,17680945,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Nazar,"1-Open the game2-Enter to Options/Audio ->Set music to 0 sfx and voice less than 303-Open your browser/ Youtube4-Search ""God is an astronaut"" /Set playlist5-Play the game"
,Recommended,269690,19101223,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mudpuppy,Superb! More of a rogue-lite than a rogue-like this game is relaxing and sounds wonderful. Great yet simply game play well worth it's price.
,Recommended,269690,22345319,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Capt. D Jones,"Get it on sale. Elegant design, but not enough content to keep me entertained for the full price."
76561198084193814,Recommended,269690,22248904,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,bLOSSLE,interesting and mellow. fun to pick up from time to time
,Recommended,269690,22133743,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Squire Ned,"If there's one game I have felt a desire to recommend this year, it's RymdResa. It's kept me coming back in a way that some large AAA titles just haven't.RymdResa is a roguelite, but it actually falls pretty close to a roguelike; it's fairly complex, although it eschews complex control schemes for ship upgrades and a procedurally generated galaxy with scattered messages and text. Normally I'm not a huge fan of the genre (I played roguelikes back before roguelites came along, and I bear a small grudge about the shift in direction toward simplified mechanics and so forth).The real victory that RymdResa achieves is the sense of scale and the wonder of exploration; it has a solid progression mechanic that persists across games, but the real draw of the game lies in the wonderous awe of the stylized universe. Poetry and philosophical musings punctuate your exploration, and while there's a heavy lo-fi filter over everything, there's a coherent thread of design that ties everything together."
,Recommended,269690,22132237,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,estetica,I felt like I'm sitting between Major Tom and Arthur Dent.Now I should read The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy again while listening Space Oddity over and over again.Great game.
,Recommended,269690,22209999,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"If I had been looking for a game like this I'm sure it would have been satisfying, but I gave a little too much weight to the mentions of FTL in various reviews and bought this based on that. Playing it wasn't at all what I was expecting - it's not that it's bad, it's just that it's a really differently paced and designed game than FTL. The only real similarity I found is randomly generated events, as a thing. There are indeed randomly generated events in both games, and their outcomes have an impact on your run, but the gameplay's just really different between them and I wanted a slower paced game with less action and more strategy.That said I still would definitely recommend this game to someone looking for a rogue-lite where you pilot a spaceship around and try not to run into stuff while story bits trickle, trickle, trickle into your repeated attempts. It's more action than adventure and gameplay basically involves flying around in a top-down view, with some conserved momentum (spaaaace), without using up all your fuel. You collect some stuff that shows up, and avoid other stuff that shows up, in real time. More Asteroids than FTL."
76561198020441057,Recommended,269690,17823022,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Kimono Kurt Russell,Pretty good. Worth the wait.Simple. Stylish.
,Recommended,269690,17637606,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,DystopiaGuy,"Neat little explorative space game. Similar to Astroids in movement mechanics, but nothing like it beyond that. Took me about 4 hours to complete any% and I certainly hadn't seen everything. (Ex. 4 out of 12 research pods)."
,Recommended,269690,17740213,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,PunchclockHorrors,A relaxing game about traveling about and exploringUp until you run into a star's gravitational pull as you get sucked in and melt simultaneouslybut yeah otherwise a pretty chill game.
,Recommended,269690,17747564,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Rehab Submarine,"If you are on the fence about purchasing this game, you probably should purchase this.  However, be aware that this is a passive game.  Ships will shoot at you, but you can not shoot at them.  You must navigate around obstacles in order to get additional fuel and resources to advance through the game, while listening to poetry of varying quality.  This is not a game you will be playing for tens of hours, unless you wish to attempt to get all the achievements.All that said, it’s an indie game at a fair price and I felt I got my moneys worth."
76561198050305216,Recommended,269690,27681226,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ErnesTron,"Rogue like explorer, I really like the Haiku-eske poems the cosmonaut spouts from time to time, it fits the game aesthetic and pace, kind of whimsical.Don be fooled tho... It gets hard and frustrating from time to time."
,Recommended,269690,20335114,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Roman,"Loved it, awesome graphics"
,Recommended,269690,23485997,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,lbsa71,"I just finished playing RymdResa. This is one of those things that swings between unbearably frustrating and deeply satisfying; the paradox being that while the first countless hours was spent building up a frustration that I realized was entirely in tune with the idea of the game, the last hours felt too short; once you get to a certain level, completing the game is done in a fraction of the time it toook to get there. The game has its own internal poetic logic, so the final bosses weren't that random or even hard, really - but you have to vibe with the game. 8/10 for sure."
76561198070197890,Recommended,269690,19532494,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zerxos,"Serene and relaxing...Mostly.Roguelike, RPG elements and a procedurally generated world. The aforementioned terms help but do not quite manage to classify RymdResa, a game that is an oddity amidst the vast and ever expanding ocean of games. An oddity that manages to convey certain emotions that very few other games managed to.RymdResa is a space odyssey, a journey through the vast cosmos undertaken by a lone astronaut who lost his home planet to an asteroid. Resources are scarce and a few coordinates is all that he has. His goal and therefore yours is to find a new place to call a home.The game does not offer much vis à vis gameplay in fact there is no combat. Instead, the main focus is exploration. From the haunting fact that is the infinite universe in which you are thrown to the mechanics, exploration is incentivized. The cosmos of RymdResa is colorful and filled with interesting things to see. In addition to the main objectives that obviously differ from chapter to chapter which amount to a total of three you can investigate various sites ranging from planets to abandoned satellites, collect items which you can use to upgrade your ship and research new tech for the same purpose. Some interesting encounters with boss-like entities and peculiar sites are part of the package.Rather than investing in depth, RymdResa embraces the poetic side of itself via a brilliant combination of quasi minimalist art, well written text and great music. Rather than being a game about combat in space and killing aliens, it is a mesmerizing meander through space. Serene and relaxing yet it manages to convey solitude, desperation and melancholy.RymdResa provides an amazing experience and is definitely worth your time if meandering through a vast cosmos is a thing that you crave."
76561198064244026,Recommended,269690,20389629,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Soldierost,"A very deep and relaxing game that's fun to play just for a chill time alone or while talking to friends. It can be quite challenging, and it is partially a rogue-like (some of the mission progress carries over from game to game), but I find myself rarely frustrated when playing this game. Overall, a very fun and relaxing experience with great audio and visuals."
76561198182192711,Recommended,269690,23669451,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,c_skrepetos,"This is a 2d overhead space-exploration/rpg mashup, with flat graphics and a pretend retro style.The colours are almost monochromatic - shades of blue or grey, with pops of colour in red or nice background changes in shading to indicate areas.After initially finding it hard to get a handle on the game, once I sat down and gave it a good go, I got into it and I was hooked - it might best be described as a ""walking simulator in space"" - it has the same quasi softish-RPG/aimless wandering/survival kind of game mechanic, with some power ups and levelling up through a bit of grinding and simple resource collection, required to survive but not really the aim.There is a story told in chapters, and also a sandbox mode. There don't seem to be any other NPCs in the game (well, none yet that I've found, anyway) - merely artifacts and ghosts of fallen civilixations. There are some rather poetic little pieces of prose that pop-up on in-game anniversarys, and some events that will kill you, randomly and without warning - from being sucked into a large sun's gravity well from which your puny ship cannot escape, to a fast asteroid that obliterates your ship - it can be frustrating, but part of the Zen feel is merely accepting that it all may end without warning as well.I am thoroughly enjoying this game, and would recommend to those players looking for a slower paced, lone-RPG in space."
,Recommended,269690,24347268,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Solra Bizna,"This game turned me off from the very beginning. I resolved to play a single hour and then see about getting a refund.In that hour... something changed.I still don't really understand why, but now I really like the game. I find myself compelled by the atmosphere and story in a way I have trouble explaining to others.I just wish it didn't frequently dip into low framerates for no reason."
,Recommended,269690,24361469,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,nothingpants,"Short review:Chilled out exploration game with interesting narrative and enthralling graphics. Heavily RNG-driven, built around dying and restarting frequently with gradual permanent progression allowing you to get further. If that sounds good to you, I highly recommend this game.Long review:You pilot your ship around exploring stuff you come across which triggers events. Sometimes you get rewards, sometimes you get bad results, sometimes you get insta-killed. Sometimes space debris or suns or mines will kill you as well. Your ship's gear will persist through death, as do the stats you get for leveling up, and you can earn one-time buffs for your next playthrough.I still haven't beat the first story chunk and I'd say the most frustrating thing is the amount of repetition that seems to be expected - you're often thrown into unwinnable scenarios like instagib random events or too much stuff on screen to avoid. It seems to me that the only way to get through those types of things is by leveling up your stats and gathering better ship gear.I'd find this much more frustrating if the game's general atmosphere (story and art) wasn't so cool in an eerie sort of way. I'm also looking forward to unveiling more of the story by actually progressing a bit. I've been playing on normal but I'll probably start playing on easy instead.If this sounds like a game that interests you, definitely check it out."
,Recommended,269690,18913378,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,mckinst87,"I drift through space.........I almost inevitably die horribly..............I can't stop going back. This is a damn fine game, especially for the price."
76561197971877162,Recommended,269690,17637947,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"Do you love space exploration?Do you love rogue-likes?If you answered yes to either of those then pick this up.  RymdResa has an amazing score that will immerse you into its world.In RymdResa you are a colonist trying to find the next planet Earth after yours was wiped out by a meteor.  The game consists of three chapters.  Each chapter has different gameplay mechanics.  This game is a rogue like because every time you die, space around you changes.  You also get to keep your upgrades after death so this is more of a rogue-lite than anything else.Rymd doesn't hold your hand either. Although there isn't really much that you have to understand here.  You fly to stuff in space and press the action button to explore it.  The gameplay is pretty basic.I did have one complaint and that was there was no in game tutorial to discuss the basics.  There is an in game manual you can read however, you just need to look for it.  My other complaint I thought was that the gameplay was a bit basic and gets boring after a time but after listening to the score I dismissed this complaint after about 90 minutes.Definately give this one a go."
,Recommended,269690,28961212,Posted: 2 January,all,Straxter,"I generaly don't like these low graphic games, but I though I give it a chance since it is about space and I love space.  And I have to admit, all around it's a good game in that it keeps me entertained, always suprised and intriuged."
,Recommended,269690,18166911,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kind Buddy,"I should say before I post this review that I've only made it to the second stage (out of three) on this game. I'll mainly be reviewing the gameplay. As far as other parts of this game go, I will say that I find the soundtrack particularly calming, and the audio cues convey their meaning quite well.The gameplay to this game is rather simple. First, you get in your Embla Colonizer (or a better ship if you've saved up points), and you engage your thrusters. One important thing to note is that your ship will continue to travel in whatever direction you push it unless something is close enough to exert gravitational force on your ship; usually this will be either a star (deadly), or an interactable object.Your fuel/health are the same ""resource"", so generally you try to achieve a desired speed, and then only use thrusters to avoid trouble. You will feel the pull of gravity from objects along the way, until you interact with them. You can gain and/or lose either points or resources from doing so, and earn xp. Some things you interact with will drop items afterwards; if you're particularly lucky, you may even find items adrift in space. Use these items to upgrade your ship, or scrap several of them to make new items.The only things I can think of that hinder the gameplay are a lack of interface options, such as being able to zoom out (while reducing the saturation or hue of objects further away so as not to give away danger zones), and having a map that has last seen locations/headings of interactable objects.Overall, I've enjoyed this game, and at a little over $10, it's not too expensive. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone that's a fan of space and roguelikes."
,Recommended,269690,17665806,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,phannDOTde,Such a beauty - I've been following the games development for a while and so happy to see it is finally here. Loving the atmosphere and it is quite a challenge to pass the first chapter - after that I really enjoy exploring things in this unique universe! Great Job! Loving it! GO get it Pilots!
,Recommended,269690,17670499,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,ritch.liz,"It's been only a few hours but anyway I'd like to drop some lines.I'm loving this game!SO... IS THIS GAME FOR ME?Well, if you like the idea of being alone in space, travelling during years, trying slowly to complete your missions, and exploring... and you like some poetry and retro-inspired graphics... relaxing and beautiful music... I'd recommend this game for you.You don't explode stuff, you don't conquer galaxies, you don't have a crew to command. It's just you, your ship and the inifnite.I wanted a game like this for a long, long time."
,Recommended,269690,17665305,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Carl Poppa,"This game is beautiful and a lot of fun. It's pretty easy to just dive right into it and start exploring space. The ship variety is good and it was extremely easy to unlock all of them quickly.Each chunk of gameplay takes a bit of time, so it's not a great game for hopping in and out of. And it's not really ""roguelike"" besides the fact that there's permadeath, which is what people mean by that these days. However, the permadeth doesn't remove any acquired items and there is a persistent pilot level with passive bonuses that carry over from game to game. Also, any improvements to ships persist after death. So really, it's just procedurally generated levels with ""permadeath,"" meaning progress in quests is lost, but not items. If that's ""roguelike"" enough for you, hop in. If ""roguelike"" is something you usually shy away from, don't let that be a factor in deciding whether to get RymdResa or not.People will talk about the poetry, I personally like the bit of space madness and apocalypticism involved, but that's just me.Worth it at $10"
,Recommended,269690,17963713,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,agentmith,"This game is a very unique and refreshing experience. I assumed it was going to be a ""roguelike"" in the same vein as Rogue Legacy, and it's not far off from that from a gameplay perspective. You make progress with each game which goes towards future playthroughs, in short. However, what makes this game worthwhile is the setting contrasted with interwoven poetry and ambience that attempts to capture what it would be like alone in space. It's kind of a unique mix of fast-paced, almost twitch gameplay with a slow ambient artful experience musically, visually, and in story.I thoroughly enjoy seeking out unique games regardless of genre, and this is definitely unique. I haven't made it very far yet and I can't speak on behalf of the long-term gameplay, but for now I'm very much enjoying myself. I can see others who are tired of rehashes of the same game over and over doing so as well, especially those big into video games as an artform.This is a good example of what a game can be like when artistic vision is followed through to completion without seeking input from crowd-sourced game design, like how many early access titles seem to be doing. It's like people vote on what they want to see next and the majority wins. That's not art, that's just attempting to appeal to the masses, and you can't make everyone happy. Just look at the forums for Darkest Dungeon after an update. It also loses that something that makes each game special when developed that way too.TL;DR: This game is delightfully melancholy."
,Recommended,269690,18649100,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,shunter,Good stuff. Pretty relaxing. Good point is that it works in 5760*1080 resolution and is amazing. Bad point is that you get heavily penalised if you prefer many short sessions over fewer longer sessions.
,Recommended,269690,19293580,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,LordTeflonV,Super relaxing game where you can just turn yourself off and fly around crazy universe with many different spaceships with many upgrades and not bad leveling system.
76561198025732064,Recommended,269690,28460446,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MrYourMum,Pros:1. Music2. Atmosphere3. Overall gameplayCons:1. Bugs2. Utterly idiotic boss fightsOverall: a must-buy if on sale.
76561198184889814,Recommended,269690,17685904,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,galactus615,"I don't usually write reviews but I decided for this game I should. I really like this game, I'm not sure what exactly draws me to it but its highly addictive and I find myself playing this over new games like Elder Scrolls and Shadow of Mordor. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,269690,17685682,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Constable Plarnax,Pretty fun! I like the style of rogue-ness of RmydResa brings (some forward progress is kept but the world is re-generated on death).A patch came out the day after release that fixed many of the small bugs I encountered and seems to have rebalanced the game somewhat to be harder.
,Recommended,269690,19205221,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ken Sanders,"Picked up RymdResa for the steam sale, and I can say that this is the most fun  I have had playing a game in a long time.Pros (+)-Permadeath-Challening-FTL esque-Random gneration-easily 40+ hours of gameplay-Amazing soundtrack-seamless controller intigrationCons-When you die its rageworthy"
,Recommended,269690,25953943,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Alex2life,"Cant recommend this title enough.You traverse space in a small craft, explore different space-stuff, get new equipment, unlock skills and lots more. The game has chapters which have their own kind of goal. In the first one you have to explore x number of things and in the second you do something else. Would rather not say what since the discovery of it is a great part of the game.This is going to sound irrelevant but I'm tired of permadeath games where you spend several hours, then die and now you've wasted your entire evening. In Rymdresa you can choose between different difficulties which decide how hardcore it is. I play on the regular one where you have some progress thats kept between runs so I always feel like I accomplished something.On the higher difficulties you dont keep any progress so its ""proper"" permadeath.I love this because it makes the game appealing for different kinds of players."
76561198025482086,Recommended,269690,27337661,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Siry,It might not be the best game but it delives perfectly on atmosphere. It really gives the feeling of being alone in space.
,Recommended,269690,29371470,Posted: 20 January,all,Late Game Wonder,"RymdResa (Space Travel) is one of the most interesting titles I have ever come upon.This game could be described as a mixture between ""Out There"" and that old space game from back in 70's.You have a space ship that you must navigate through space to get to your destinations all the while exploring debris of space techs from the past and space anomalies and planets that you come across.This game some how manages to be one of the most atmospheric games out there with its way of presenting the game and expressing itself.All in all the gameplay system is simple yet difficult to master, the story is deep but easy to grasp, the sound design is a mixture of 8bit sound effects and some very soothing soundtracks that help the game's atmosphere and presentation to reach an even higher level of greatness and the graphics are simple, very simple and yet some how enough to help the game to get to a point that you can easily consider this game a work of art, a true master piece!This game might seem simple and empty at the first glance but give it more than 10 minutes time and it will surprise you.If you are a fan of space and space travel this game is for you."
,Recommended,269690,26226458,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,centaurianmudpig,"""There is plenty of stuff to explore and collect in the game.  Consumable items, to aid your exploration and help protect your ship, research items for permanent upgrades and equippable ship items to enhance the performance of your ship and pilot abilities.  Diary pods are poem entries conveying a feeling of loneliness.""Read the full review on Christ Centered Gamer:https://www.christcenteredgamer.com/index.php/reviews/pc-mac/6301-rymedresa-pc"
,Recommended,269690,29075865,Posted: 6 January,all,eggtown-usa,"This game is beautiful, and quite theraputic.Cons: This game must be done slowly, because even with recent updates, there are many dangers that you will face abruptly. The boss fights can be tedious since you need to travel back to them each time if you die. There are elements of exploration, and while they are crucial to the start of the game, at end game they aren't really necessary.Pros: The soundtrack, storyline, and narration truly sell this game. If you are not interested in these things, the game isn't likely worth picking up. The game is fun and can be challenging. It has several different difficulties for the storyline and a sandbox mode, which allows you to float through space freely and explore without the risk of dying.The story mode will take a decent amount of time even if you don't go for the achievments or all the missions."
,Recommended,269690,20832729,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Goldfish Gerontologist Oceanhahn,"A Contemplative Searching-For-Your-Keys-In-The-Trackless-Wastes-of-Space SimulatorA game which elegantly combines the strangeness of other peoples' abstract poetry with the curious thrill of stumbling around, searching-- sometimes lazily, other times frantically-- in the dark, for something-don't-know-what, you-won't-know-why-'til-you-find-it. Sometimes, you find the thing immediately, and move on to the next challenge. Other times, you smash your shin into a coffee table, stop, cursing and bleeding, regret for a while, but know that, again, in time, you'll have to pick up and carry on; searching, stumbling, finding.And you are always finding.There are many who won't appreciate this experience-- the thrill of an unexpected victory; the aggrivation of unavoidable defeat; the humbling sensation of an experimental tactic gone horribly right. But if you aren't in a hurry to be anywhere, RymdResa can give you a lot to think, or at least, to feel about.Asteroids, inverted."
,Recommended,269690,23352366,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Valkerion™,"Had me hooked from that intro video on the store. This game has such an amazing atmosphere and I have enjoyed all the time spent on it, collecting, exploring, and dying. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for some more space sci-fi awesomeness."
,Not Recommended,269690,22347978,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,chewfeather,"It's awful.I guess the game's strengths are supposed to be related to its atmosphere and aesthetics, but the graphics all start feeling the same after about five minutes, the text is uninspiring, the voice acting is of negative value, and the game's aesthetic first conveys the infinite vastness  of space as you float in it, and then the infinite tediousness of space as you float in it, in that order.The main strategic choice you have to make is whether you will travel at high speed toward your destination (incurring higher risk of crashing into a random obstacle and dying) or whether you will travel at low speed toward your destination (and be bored out of your mind). The next most strategic choice you have to make is whether you will actually choose to interact with the objects in space so that you have something at all interesting to do, or whether you will wisely refrain from interacting with the objects in space so that they refrain from randomly killing you via a dialog box informing you that you have just taken damage equal to some multiple of your ship's maximum possible resources, or (more rarely) randomly killing you without any explanation at all, leaving you to ponder whether you just died due to a bug or a feature, and whether in the end it really makes a difference.I kept coming back to this game believing that there had to be some redeeming value that I just hadn't experienced yet, but there are so many more worthy games on Steam, and I can only make a fool of myself by giving this game another chance so many times."
76561198007822217,Recommended,269690,26013927,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,cordinia,"This is a very interesting game.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but after the first 15 minutes I think I have a good understanding.  You are the last (?) human in the universe after a cataclysmic event that destroys Earth.  You are spared due to being on a spacecraft at the time of the event, and are left to spend your remaining time wandering through the galaxy in your ship.  You do need resources for fuel, and you consume that fuel by using your booster engine to move either towards objects to explore or away from hazards.  Much of the time I felt like a pinball since large objects have a gravity well that will alter your trajectory and speed.  There are basic missions to accomplish, but they are basically go here then there (at least so far for me).The game itself is very ""zen"" in that the music, simplistic but not simple graphics, music, and poetry work to very effectively create a mood that, in my experience, is calmly fatalistic.  Some of the sessions were over in about 15 seconds, while others lasted 15 minutes.  There is carry over between games so you don't feel like you aren't making progress, even if you die very quickly.  There are upgrades for ship components that you may find, as well as points that you acquire to level up your pilot to either gain more resources or get better rewards for completing missions.  There is even an element of crafting in that you can research some upgrades, but it is very light in substance.I really like the aesthetic of the game, though your mileage may vary.  If you approach this game as a kind of walking simulation in space, whereby the journey is the experience, you may find yourself really enjoying it as I did.  If you are on the fence about it I would say go for it.  I think most people will know whether they like it or not within about 15 minutes - well within the return time.  This one is definitely a keeper for me.Tl:Dr An atmospheric exploration game in space with a zen vibe."
,Recommended,269690,26093708,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Dim,"Nice game, nice sound track and nice game play.I love FTL, SPAZ and now.. RydmResa! its a very great game!For Indie game is 10/10 (not for the price without promotions in brazil)"
76561198002840441,Recommended,269690,28352580,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Angstistenz,Great game.
,Recommended,269690,25977309,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Chadicus Maximus,Slow relaxing rogue like that has you drifting through space avoiding asteroidsEverything but mission progress carries over so you never feel like you're wasting time playing the first few minutes again
76561198025060621,Recommended,269690,29914454,Posted: 13 February,all,Use the Force Harry - Gandalf,"The controls take some getting used to, but I really enjoy a little zen time coasting through endless space to some relaxing music. If you play it slow, it really can be quite peaceful."
,Recommended,269690,23422754,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mr Dungeon Master Sir,Love the atmosphere. The gameplay and voice acting are lacking but that doesn't deter from the feeling of loneliness too much.
76561198032390695,Recommended,269690,31397559,Posted: 27 April,all,johberion,"You are very much alone in a cold and uncaring universe and you have no home to return to. No one is actively trying to kill you but since you are tiny and insignificant, anything the universe does might kill you in a very random fashion. Your best bet is to try to stay out of trouble and always keep enough resources for an emergency FTL jump.8/10 Would ponder the frailty and insignificance of human life while avoiding space debris again."
,Recommended,269690,34372517,Posted: 20 August,all,The_True_Meller,"Oh, what a beautiful and tranquile game of exploration belies within after the first minutes and stages of confusion, when you've blasted few times in the space engines full running and crashed into something very lethal and thus spectacularily died. After realizing that the key to success is in subtle, slow and considerate boost use and the receipt for survival is stealth and evasion, since you do not have the luxury of blasting the dangers away with lasers or missiles, you start to feel the poetic power of empty space. You will start to appreciate te success in survivalism, since the space is vasta nd hostile. You're not going to dominate this environment. It will dominate you. Still, life in the void feels pretty easy once you get the knack of it.And then it all changes once again. In stages 1 and 2 things were pretty peaceful, with enough consideration I was able to float past scorching suns and deadly debris pretty easily, nice and slow. Now it's stage 3 and it's getting hectic again. There' s mines. There's tons of scrap flying around. There are hostile aliens, some content with blasting past and cracking few potshots at me, some trying to follow me and bombarding me with their missiles. The quests are getting longer, the environment increasingly hostile every step. And I'm just a peaceful guy, trying to scrape by, unable to shoot back!As frustrating as it can be to experience once again being blown away in cold space, it is also highly rewarding when you manage to haul one enormous cargo of materials to your mothership, to find something useful in spcae, to upgrade your pilot or ship one small notch to survive just a bit longer next time... These are the moments that keep me playing on. That, and the constant unending feel of exploration, the gift of finding, the beautifully desolate and dryly nihilistic but poetic blurts of machine voiced astronaut that is me speaking out his feelings once every year I have drifed in space.In its own way RymdResa is merciless as any roguelite. On the other hand, it gives you much leanway by not stripping you of your labour's fruits (namely levels and items you've found) after your death - unless you want it to by activating difficulty levels above ""normal"". Most of all it is nearly zen-like in its nature of slow and tranquile space exploration, and I love it for what it is. For me this is some kind of equivalent for meditation, the way to escape the hectic real life into something slower, but not dull. I give this little big game my heartliest recommendation."
,Recommended,269690,21845826,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DolgVlaPet,"It's an interesting idea, but it's just that, an idea. The gameplay wasn't that enjoyable. It's mostly dependable on resourse managment... Not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,269690,24665467,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,clickbait,"yes. this, a lot of it."
,Not Recommended,269690,30383310,Posted: 7 March,all,Dangerous Beans,This is just annoying.
,Recommended,269690,26118618,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,doctorjuta,"Одна з кращих забавок про космос. На фоні чюдного ембіенту гра створює атмосферу порожнені, холодних безкраїх просторів і самотності. Однозначно варто спробувати. Плюс присутні деякі спроби зацікавити гравця навколоастрономічними знаннями."
76561198018513798,Not Recommended,269690,17734255,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rompcat,"Medatative and docile, RymdResa is one tick toward Asteroids! from Out There!.  A bit plodding, it is clear what kind of time you will need to sink into this not-as-poetic-as-it-wants-to-be game as you drift from destination to destination, picking up items that, while from different categories, are just the same thing in a different inventory slot.A game is interesting when it forces the player to make interesting choices or learn a skill.  This game doesn't do either, and is not dense in terms of rewards.  Worth what I paid to drift for a couple hours through the authors' mindspace, but O cannot recommend this game to most."
76561198061844476,Recommended,269690,29422320,Posted: 22 January,all,SAGI,I feel so lonely
,Not Recommended,269690,19888263,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,fljared,"Asteroids: The Game.Explore for twenty minutes: See nothing because you're going at zero miles an hour.Go at any speed besides ""♥♥♥♥ all"": Die because you can see all of three feet around yourself and can't see the asteroids coming in at 500 mph. Get hit by an asteroid. Lose half your health. Hit a thing that bounces you like a ping-pong ball. Lose control, hit another asteroid, die. Repeat.Be very careful, get to cool thing: Gain a tiny amount of resources because there's a cap on resources, get hit by an asteroid in the gravity field, die.I need a none asteroid mode to make this otherwise chill game not conniption-inducing."
76561198077116023,Recommended,269690,23367883,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,blockof,"this game tries so hard to be deep and all but it simply doesn't work, it sounds like an edgy art student talks about how ""hurt"" he is.why am i so salty ?because of the bloody undogeball flying asteroids or whatever the name it is.why do i like this game ?i don't know why, but i know i do."
76561197994703250,Not Recommended,269690,26156109,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,rastilin,"The idea is brilliant, and as an RPG it would have worked very well. Unfortunately as a roguelike it means that you will die from things that you could not possibly have seen coming or prevented. Take note, Rogue was a good game because there was generally never a situation where you were out of options; even when you died, there was something you could have done differently that would have saved you. Here there's no such option, the game is pretty, but the controls and randomness mean that you're completely at the game's mercy."
,Not Recommended,269690,19949051,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Doctor Benway,"I was sold on the supposed solitude and lonliness, but in the actual game itself is frustratingly punishing in ways that might be more frustrating than other openly action oriented games in the loose rouge-like genre. Also the art design is of two minds and is distracting. The low-res photo aesthetic is brilliant, but then we get to minimal effort sprites that are jarring. Not to mention that monochrome color pallete is really painful to look at in any game.I don't regret trying it, but it feels I didn't play the same game that people made it out to be."
76561198035559989,Not Recommended,269690,29435543,Posted: 22 January,all,Qwerty Yerty,"This game has some significant issues.For the slow pace of the game, it you should be able to see more of the map than you do.  Otherwise the game turns into a absurdly slow crawl as you avoid running in stuff.  Until you do.  That's not so bad on easy and normal where you can eventually unlock competent ships.Also, the starter ship is next to useless in this game.  Its only useful purpose is getting star points.  If you can't accumulate star points (or frequently lose half of your starpoints), it becomes very fustrating, and not in a good way since your not making progress.There is a bug on expert mode where you only get 50% of your total points instead of 50% of the new points plus your old points.Expert level should allow you to keep items and all your previous stars.  Otherwise the game gets boring and fustrating on the first level since it's not practically possible to unlock anything.  Near- impossible difficulty should be saved for hardcore mode, not expert made.In case I didn't make it clear, expert mode is just like hardcore mode, and it is not satifying to play on that difficulty.If your planning to buy this game, wait until it is less than $5 on a steam sale if your willing to play on the easy and normal modes.Also, the controls are not the best.And the dialouge gets repetitve.The music also gets annoying after awhile, so I've been playing this game on mute.Also, I'm not getting anything close to what could be called story.  Its a bunch of snippits of dialouge.  Like a splot painting, the story is whatever you want it be since the snippets and dialouge are all you get.  If there is a story there, its not grabbing my attention."
76561198105822510,Recommended,269690,31437511,Posted: 29 April,all,HollerGetDollar,"Rymd Resa demands more patience than it may deserve, but there's still charm in the concept. I would recommend it for fans of small atmospheric games, but with warnings of the final chapter being quite disenchanting. Get it on sale, as the standard price is cosmic injustice."
76561198035448621,Not Recommended,269690,28750886,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Khan,"Follow the arrow without crashing into stuff you can't shoot. (arcade without the fun)Then make an encounter and gather some♥♥♥♥♥♥ (space exploration without the fun)No layer of ""poetic"" blah, or so called ""atmosphere"" can make me want to play it.Wrong choice. Go play FTL."
76561197991936173,Not Recommended,269690,20690384,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,eKestrel,"In a word: Tedious.For a roguelike, it's both too hard and too easy. Death can come quickly for a while, but then after a while you may want to die rather than play the tediousness any more, as you have enough equipment to survive. Once you see that you can make the camera stay centered, much of the artifical difficulty of no forward view disappears. There's no way to zoom out your view, so that sucks, especially when you run right into a sun just offscreen. The designers did this, though, because half the time the game ""procedurally"" generates stuff as it's coming into view. Really poor design.Want spacepoints? Grind. Can't afford a higher-level ship? Too bad. Get research? Oh, that's random, so early level stuff might not appear for you until chapter 3. You also buy research with the same spacepoints you get ships with. See a planet? Press a single key and hope the RNG gods favor you. Even when you have choices, 95% of the time comes down to luck. Want achievements? Well, congrats, because the ""beginner"" achivement requires that you get level 25. Out of 40. You'll hit halfway through chapter 3 before you get level 25. Want to access those science events? You get to pour 25 points into a skill that has no use until chapter 2, so you'll neglect it until you realize those events are the only way to survive.There's no save and leave feature, so I have hours and hours of ""play time"" when I left the computer for work or sleep. And since I didn't want to lose an expensive ship for no gain of spacepoints or ""legacy"" (which sucks), I idled the game for easily 85% of my ""play time"".The poetry sucks, so I turned it off. After playing for a while longer, I realized that reading (or at least clicking past) the sucky diaries gives you points. So, back on it went. And I grew more annoyed at the ""depth"" of a teenager's lamentations of loneliness. The voice was just as annoying, so that left as well. The music was decent, but tied to a game wholly undeserving of it.Don't buy this. Go find something else."
,Not Recommended,269690,25461948,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,democles_pl,"Look it's ok. The thumbs down is for the price for what it is. Buy it at 50% off.RNG and mechanics are really basic and are either brutal or easy. Not much of a story. Doesn't take too long to finish. As far as I can tell there really isn't any replay viability or any real reason to use the multiple ships available, anything but the basic ship is what you want."
,Not Recommended,269690,29449710,Posted: 23 January,all,Emrys,"It's a♥♥♥♥♥♥game with a♥♥♥♥♥♥performance written on NodeJS (or it seems to be, at least. Why. Just why). The settings don't do anything, the only button that works is ""return to default""On my laptop whole 5 minutes passes before the game even launches. On my gaming PC (i7, gtx 970) the game chokes when there are more than 10 asteroids, even though there's really nothing to render, it's just flying sprites, and a silhouette of the ship. Literally, nothing else happens in this game, ever. You fly around, then the asteroid comes out of nowhere on full speed and you die. You fly around some more, hear ""poetic"" monologues, you press boost button, fly into a bunch of asteroid on full speed and you die.There are good minimalistic games. This is not one of them."
,Not Recommended,269690,24697786,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Beaker,"Litterally fell asleep on this.Developers shouldn't call it a roguelike cause all it has in common with other games of that genre is procedural generation. The soundtrack is good and the still images sure look nice, but that can't even out a complete lack of gameplay or interesting backstory."
,Not Recommended,269690,28484237,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zim the Vixiepie~ <3,"This is a very pretty game. Very calming, but... perhaps forcefully so. It forces you to take things slowly, very slowly, because despite the fact that it gives you the ability to boost, because at any moment you might find a star trying to suck you in, or an asteroid wheezing towards you. And sometimes they do a tiny bit of damage. Sometimes they take more than half of your health. I lost forty minutes of time when an asteroid did just that.So, ugh, no. Don't play this game if you don't want to waste your life."
,Not Recommended,269690,26277101,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"Can't recommend this game. The first chapter is much harder and less interesting than the next. There are almost no choices for you to make and progression is mostly randomized. There are instant and unavoidable deaths.Once you make it past the first chapter it does start to get good, items and skills allow new strategies."
,Not Recommended,269690,17651886,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Neraren,"This game is not a rogue-like. Your pilot and equipment persist through death, as does quest progress. Randomly generated areas are fine, but a rogue-like has permadeath. This is a rogue-like-like, like Rogue Legacy."
76561198086716742,Not Recommended,269690,23405269,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,VHS,"Pros:+ Amazing soundtrack+ Nice pseudo-retro graphic+ Solid melancholic atmosphereCons:- Pretty anal RNG- Lots of bugs- Pretentious diary notes (is my pilot the edgy high school girl?)- Weird gamedesing:1. fixed camera and no zoom2. instagibbing random events3. meta-resourse wich one you will lose in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ random events for no ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason4. most of consumables are useless5. most of ships are useless too because just starter and two ""tanks"" are only viable in condition of the anal RNGRymdResa is just another one pretty (but terribly raw) game want to be hardcore in this ugly way,"
76561198012650618,Not Recommended,269690,22224612,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,felix_draconis,"I hate this game.  I hate the constant death.  I hate wasting hours floating around trying to collect resources, only to lose it all to some pointless meteor that comes out of nowhere.  Or an alien ship zooms in and shoots me when I have no defenses.  This happens so often that the entire game is an exploration of futility against space.At first it was delightful and contemplative.  Now I only have anger and a wasted weekend.  This is not fun.  It is just bad game design wearing the mantle of 'roguelike' to justify itself.Play for the experience of space.  Enjoy that.  Then run away as fast as possible.It never goes back to being delightful again."
,Recommended,269690,26961474,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Harkon,"No words, just play and see for yourself"
,Not Recommended,269690,22317832,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,OldSnakey,"Not fun, dying didn't feel ""fair"" in the first 10 minutes, and I realized this game just wasn't for me."
,Recommended,269690,26977240,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iamdoug,Always with the flying and the turning and the more flying!
76561198050225810,Not Recommended,269690,18086140,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,X_Y,"RymdResa is an attempt of making a ""poetic game"". So in place of conflict and challenge as in most other games, it's trying to bring the player inner peace and mindfulness.The devs have been working hard in that direction, obviously. The artworks, visual style, music and poems are well fitting together, and the mood is well set. However, the game design fell short and ruined the whole experience.So the biggest problem is, the game is not really calming.Your ship is drifting through the space, watching space objects floating past and the sectors changing from one to another, and your mind is somewhere in a higher plane. And KABOOM!!! From nowhere, a piece of space rock smashes right into your ship, immediatly taking 97% of the resource with it, leaving you to die, in space.You have to be on high alert almost all the time against sudden and deadly annoyances, it's like a bizzare marrage between poems and cheap jump scare flicks.The gameplay elements are not nicely tuned either, e.g. I see no point in taking anything else other than the ""tough"" ships. The items seem pretty useless most of the time too.So in all, it's a nice concept lacking proper game design, which ruined the day eventually."
76561198109198210,Not Recommended,269690,26065517,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,xenon001,"Its boring. Really boring. It trys so hart to be ""artsy"" that it just failed to be entertaining.  Jättetråkigt!"
76561198067227433,Not Recommended,269690,29001154,Posted: 4 January,all,courtepattes,"A pedantic asteroid-smashing simulation.Pros:+ Different difficulty levels+ An overall consistent and efficient aesthetics+ Space atmosphere+ There is probably a lot of stuff to dig out further in the game+ Rogue-lite progression (at least in some difficulty levels)Cons:- Pedantic (chunks of poetry appear among disperse stardust; why is there poetry characters floating in space?)- No sense of real exploration (everything looks the same)- Inertia controls the ship more than you do- You can die instantly by crashing into an asteroid- Very slow pacing; nothing happens until suddenly a field of asteroids pops up and by the time you wake up you're dead- Hard to dive into the story (if there really is one)- When you purchase a new ship with rogue-lited money, you keep it only for one try (specifically annoying if you have saved for a few games and then smash into an asteroid after one minute)- Almost nothing to do (at least in early game) apart floating in space from place to place (this is your main objective in Chapter One). No fight, no quest, nothing.Verdict: Chapters 2 and 3 are probably a lot better than the first one. Yet it's the one we begin with, and it's boring. Permadeath has no use save from being frustrating. Without any real sense of control, it just feels meaningless. As the said chapter one requires a lot of trials to complete, it's a repelling barrier hard to overcome."
76561198169358900,Not Recommended,269690,25374186,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,jhatou,"The game won't even start - just keeps running in the background somewhere, doing its own thing, with nothing to show for it. Too bad I've purchased it a while ago and tried only now, so no steam refund for me ha-ha.I wouldn't risk it."
76561198115829784,Recommended,269690,25983211,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,frank2351,Better than No man's sky
76561198038892067,Not Recommended,269690,29051678,Posted: 5 January,all,kaay,"Case 1. when developers try to make a good game, players will bash them for the shortcomings and failures...i understand.Case 2. when developers try to make the dumbest most idiotic and not fun piece of junk like Rymd Resa...lo and behold, players praise them for the success.I guess there is some logic to that, in the first case developers failed to reach their goal of making a good game, so they get bashed.In the second case the developers succeed in reaching their goal of creating a laughable piece of trash, so they deserve the praise, especially since there are a lot of coprophage players on Steam who feed on this kind of excrements and call it a profiterole.Oh its sooo poetic, so deep, sooo entertaining to play Rymd Resa, about just as poetic and deep as farting, and judging by the reviews to this game, im sure there are people out there who would find farting to be poetic and deep.Rymd Resa is a game highly recommended...if you are a coprophage.Rymd Resa is a disrespectful game whipped up with minimum effort and it shows.There is the start menu where you have several options that cannot be used until further in the game and are only there because of lazy design.Then there is the ugly big pointer in the middle of the screen next to your equally ugly ""ship"" (the wannabe designers couldnt think of a different solution to point the way except a big fat pointer thats bigger than your ship).Ive seen minimalistic graphics before, but this game gives ugly a whole new meaning. Minimalistic can be ok when its well done, but Rymd Resa looks like made an effort to be as ugly as possible.While not all rogue-likes are lazy games, most lazy games are rogue-like. The rogue-likes are the saving grace of many a lazy developer."
,Not Recommended,269690,32358658,Posted: 11 June,all,anh chàng vui tính,"This is.. not fun. Imprint-x, which is like 4 bucks is way better than this, which is 12 dollars. The asteroids or whatevers hitbox is too large, and going next to them takes your resources away. I feel it could be explained better too.."
76561198071421958,Recommended,269690,26156114,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,eternal jape,It's ok but it's pretentious as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,269690,34851429,Posted: 9 September,all,Behemoth,"More of a poem about space than a game.Still, a good time killer."
76561198013289149,Recommended,269690,35078473,Posted: 19 September,all,Zinn,"Such a weird experience. I can't say I recommend it as a gaming experience, but if you want to try something quite different and unique-feeling this is worth checking out. A lot of time is spent just floating around space, doing nothing special really. And it is oddly relaxing. But it's not even a game for chilling because you can be killed in a matter of seconds, meaning you always need to be on alert. Definitely one of those things that needs to be played to understand."
,Recommended,269690,35094474,Posted: 20 September,all,ClockworkSinger,"This is, hands down, the best depression game (TM) ever. Play it when you're feeling down, lonely, or even just contemplative. It delivers a soft experience nonetheless."
76561198126610501,Recommended,269690,35392333,Posted: 1 October,all,valkeera,"This unconventional game describes itself as a “space rogue-like”, though it’s more action oriented than you’d normally expect from a rogue-like. At a glance, the game looks like any other 2D space game shooter, with one marked difference – your ships actually don’t shoot. You get to fly through “space” (essentially a 2D grid divided into sectors) in eight different ships, explore planets, nebulae and other objects, gather resources and experience. The game is divided in three chapters, where apart from mere surviving you have to complete missions to proceed forward. The story is somewhat minimalistic, and so is the graphic, but the music tracks (though only just eight of them) are really good. Gameplay is quite engaging, and is guaranteed to last for many hours of fun. Good for achievement-hunters."
