user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,269650,15733145,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,d00d3n,"I spent the evening playing the game. It is good. I initially thought that the game had buggy edge detection for grabbing ledges, but it turned out that I had just missed that you have to press the up key as well to grab on.The game is difficult. Two enemies with guns can kill you easily. A gun + melee combo can also be a challenge. Towards the end of my session I came across a warehouse filled with enemies and turrets that seemed impossible to take on. I spent all my skill points unlocking persuasion and lockpicking, so I guess this was the game punishing me for not investing in aggressive hacking or combat skills. In this regard the game reminded me more of Alpha Protocol than Deus Ex - it takes your skill choices quite seriously and will gladly border stuff off if you come unprepared. There is also no quicksaving to manipulate conversations, although you can back up checkpoints as you enter new areas (just like AP).The story has been okay so far. It is typical cyberpunk fare with hacking, ais, megacorporations, human augmentation and so on. After the short introduction, the main story seems to be on the backburner, leaving you to explore the city and do sidequests.I recommend the game. Fans of Deus Ex, Alpha Protocol and VtM:Bloodlines will probably have a good time with the game."
76561197983011932,Not Recommended,269650,15757717,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mattrex,"This game is a bit tricky to rate; If I could give it a ""thumbs sideways"" verdict, I would. It has a lot going for it, but the execution is far, far from polished and even the first hour of the game is more an exercise in frustration than pleasure.First, the good:1. The writing is very good. It's clear that someone with a lot of talent put a lot of heart into the script. Bad writing is one of the perennial, almost universal hallmarks of video games, but this game deftly avoids that pitfall.2. The voice acting is phenomenal. Just like the writer(s), the voice actors portray their characters with passion and fluidity, and their performances are convincing, rather than ""video game voice acting"". There are AAA games with worse voice acting than this game.3. The visual aesthetic, while nothing exceptional, is solid and convincing. The game looks good in screenshots.4. The concept underpinning the game--2D action RPG brawler--gets my blood pumping. One of my favorite genres, and one that I think is underserved.5. The game is fairly forgiving of mistakes and death. You always have the option of restarting from the beginning of the screen you died in, although this turns out to be a double-edged sword as well (see below).And now for the bad:1. Remember when I said ""the game looks good in screenshots""? It does, but it looks awful in motion. The animations are stiff, with few to no transitional frames between sprites, which gives combat a jerky, unfinished quality that looks like it's still in the conceptual stage. Even simple movement gives the impression that the characters are skating or gliding rather than walking or running, as animations are not precisely keyed to movement speeds of characters.The game also has almost no visual feedback for events, even ostensibly important ones. For instance, during the opening tutorial-like sequence, you are instructed to perform a task in AR to seal a door against men coming to kill you. Visually, the entire sequence is greatly underwhelming, almost no animations accompanied the task (destroying a firewall around the door controls), and initially I did not even know I had accomplished the task because there was no visual indicator that it had been finished aside from a portion of the AR node disappearing (not fading, not fizzling, not exploding, just pop, gone).2. The audio is almost non-existent. What music there is is good, but there isn't much of it. There are very few audio cues for actions or events, which combined with the lack of visual feedback makes playing the game feel like you're an incorporeal ghost floating through the world. Walking through a jet of superheated steam inflicts damage to your character, but does not so much as elicit a hiss from the game. Enemies don't make noise as you fight them, and impacts in combat lack any sort of punch or weight because there is next to no audio feedback when they land. When you die, you fall over soundlessly.3. It's a good thing that the game is forgiving of death, because the game punishes you severely for making even minor mistakes. There are many bottomless pits promising instant death, and I guarantee that you will fall into them sooner rather than later, because they are poorly demarcated and there is no good way to distinguish ""pit that I'm not supposed to jump into"" from ""pit that I'm supposed to jump into"". Environmental hazards are savage and even a few seconds in one is good enough to kill you in many cases. This would be more palatable if those same hazards were more clearly visually identified: steam jets are easy to see, but toxic gas is mostly identified by the fact that your character suddenly starts taking rapid damage.4. But it's not all great that the game is forgiving of death. It's not only possible but very easy to place yourself into a situation where you die or take damage immediately upon entering a room, and if you die in that room, guess where you restart? That's right: at the beginning of the same room. I hope you had an earlier save. What's worse is that the game loads you from the beginning of the area (essentially loading an autosave), it doesn't keep track of environmental variables. That trap puzzle that you worked through to get to where you are? Turns out that's a one-way trip and you don't have a way back except to take massive damage. Oh, is your health too low? Hope you had an earlier save.The last item in particular is what made me stop playing the game and what will probably prevent me from continuing to play it. I want to like the game, but it's clear that for all of the loving care placed into the script and acting, the game's GAME parts are untested and ill-conceived, leading to pretty egregious death loops and lost progress. Which might even be excusable if the combat had more weight and punch to it. As it is, the gameplay feels thin and hollow because the game makes it look and sound thin and hollow.It's a good start, and I expect that the developers will be able to produce a sequel or remastered version that have more punch and more well-considered level design in due time. But I'll be waiting for that version instead of playing this one."
,Not Recommended,269650,15735473,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,MyLittleTony,"I really want to like it. The world is immersive and large. There's a lot to do, lots of quests and dialogue, and the setting is cyberpunk at it's finest. The world really holds true to it's cyberpunk roots, and that's what drew me in initially. However, the game itself though is just too buggy.First of all, saving the game doesn't save all of the information you'd assume it would, so you end up losing progress every time you re-load the game. Apparently there's a forum post on how the saving system works, but that just proves my point. Overall, the save system makes you feel unassured that your progress is safe, which was enough to drive me away from playing any more.To add to that, there have been multiple instances where I've been in combat and entered a cinematic, but combat went on behind the cinematic and I died, while the cinematic was playing. There were also some abilities that I was able to activate, but I couldn't pinpoint how I was activating them. I later learned that these abilities were only supposed to be available after upgrading your stats upon level-up, which proved that the upgrade system was bugged and broken. Too many bugs.Edit: I didn't realize so many people would be reading this review, so I've elaborated a bit!Edit 2: I'll update the review once I've play the latest version."
,Recommended,269650,19575801,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Widerstand,"Dex is a 2D science fiction action roleplaying game that might seem linear at the first glance but is full of surprises and will eventually make you consider your choices, once you face the consequences. Needless to say, from the Storytelling perspective, it will punish you for mistaking this game as a sidescroller. It is, in fact, a roleplaying game and a proper one, I might add. - Oh boy, I have no idea where to start. This might take a while and a bit reading.Dex combines many elements from different genres together and does it quite well. At least this is my opinion, since I've felt exactly like I'm playing a damn good, well put together, professionally written RPG. Therefore you get a set of interesting approaches to playing the game; while the character progression will allow you to improve your abilities, and they will actually improve how you play the game as you progress on different skills, your interaction with the environment will heavily be affected by the choices you made - not to mention that the implants you're going to get will seem optional but the game will continuously itch the urge to upgrade your augmentations and/or install new ones in order to avoid various obstacles that are not necessarily mandatory for the main progression. Yet you will run around for more quests, more experience and more money to get implants, buy softwares and progress on side stories, because you will be having your fun.The main story, however, is relatively short. This is true if you take the side quests as optional activities. But, believe me, they are not. The progression you will have on side activities will greatly help on your main course and will actually affect the future steps of your progression. - For example, before going on a main mission, completing side activities and talking to people who you have done jobs for in the past and learning about your main quest will end up in several side quests that will not only make your main quest relatively easier, it will also end up with more experience and more money you earn in return. - This approach alone should tell you that Dex is not just another attempt to recreate what has been done in the past, but a product of the good perspective what we call ""if it ain't broken, break it and build something better"" - it is exactly what has been done in this project.Now, it is to be expected from a cyberpunk theme that hacking should exist in such games. Dex's hacking is a minigame that is affected by your character progression. As you progress on your hacking skills, your minigame will become easier -of course, the damn black holes are there to torture our bloody souls- but there's always side progression to it; software upgrades can be bought and there are also usable items while in Augmented Reality. - This also is a huge help while in hand-in-hand combat, because you can just go into AR and hack into your enemies' implants and stun them for a while, which is also a part of the stealth system. - and, oh yeah, there is stealth. You can takedown your enemies from behind, you can get into cover, get invisible for a while. But there's also using enemy turrets against them and letting the tools do your dirty work.Implants are a bit dull, unfortunately. Nothing actually that interesting there. But who cares, you can jump higher, regenerate health, become invisible, change your field of view, detect enemies etc. - Fun little things. They do greatly affect the gameplay, however. So It wouldn't be wise to say they aren't mandatory, but aside from the jumping the rest is pretty much optional; Things like an inhaler and immunity to electricity are quite the quality of life improvements.Before getting into the story and the characters, I have to point out some notes. - There are some sound design flaws. Character Voices and Background Music sound levels have certain problems. However, I played the game on GNU/Linux, which shouldn't be a problem at all, but after experiencing some launch issues on almost every DE and hearing sounds overlapping, I had to guess that there are problems somewhere between ALSA drivers working poorly with the engine and unpolished state of the game. - Now, I have to point out the elephant in the room, Dex is an unpolished game. No, it is not an unfinished game, it is an unpolished game. I don't know why this is the case, but you will encounter some ugliness. But will this affect your gameplay? No. Not at all. In fact, you will easily forget about the problems like words overflowing the dialog screen, or pretty much every menu content running over the menu textures and things like inconsistent scrolling.Again, these are minor problems. Doesn't affect the game in a great way. So, they didn't really bug me at all.Voiceacting is outstanding. Actors did gave life to every single one of these characters - a professional approach of narrative. Infused with lovely, extremely good animated cutscenes and the well written lines describing the heavy atmosphere and the reactions of characters, the quality of the production does speak for itself. There's nothing more to say about this, really. I loved every bit of it. I listened every bit that characters had to offer and loved every line. Dex, truly is not a wasted potential. In fact, it's a perfect begining for an independent team.Of course, you might not be into such artstyle. Which is completely understandable.Karel Antonin did an amazing job with the Soundtrack. - and Dex's Soundtrack Album became one of the Soundtracks that I wanted badly. A good friend of mine acted way before me and gifted me the album, for that I am really, really thankful. Because make no mistakes folk, this is an extraordinary work for an Independent Game - actually, forget about the Independent label, Dex's Soundtrack is an artistically accurate approach to this game and I salute the people who put the time and effort to compose and release this piece of artwork. And, you know what, if anything; I highly recommend buying the soundtrack. It does worth the price. I, kid you, not.Now the hard part, the Storyline. - Well, Dex takes place within a futuristic society and you play as Dex, a woman you hardly know anything about. Has absolutely no skills whatsoever, just trying to stay alive. At this point the narrative is so strong that while you're running away, the music, the background the jumps you have to make, in the very first ten minutes, the game makes you feel like you're living these moments from her perspective and you literally live for her. - and then, you find yourself on an elevator, going down, you see the logo with a beatifully composed theme. You are living in the movie, you are experiencing the game. - and believe me, as someone who has experience in the industry, this art direction, this story driven introduction is pure professionalism; it is idealism. For that, I very much so in love with everyone who's involved with this project.From that point forward, Dex has to meet with a couple of others who has been driven into this corporate level series of conspiracies and she has to make vital decisions, with consequences. - Her character is in your very hands.Dex is one of those well-written hidden gems with great design decisions and a product of sincere endeavour. If you are into science fiction; if you love cyberpunk theme, this piece of art is here, waiting in the shadows, glowing. All you need to do is to take a look. You will see the potential and you will see the artistic effort. - Support these people. Believe me, they will deliver more and they will deliver better.Note - I wrote this review at 4 in the morning. So, I'm terribly sorry about the typos."
,Not Recommended,269650,23732735,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kippu,"The game tries to do a lot of things but doesn't really have much content.Tries to be like Deus Ex but doesn't give enough utility to stealth or charisma and doesn't allow for nonlethal takedowns.  Weapons are limited.Tries to be a metroidvania, but has limited exploration.The story is *incredibly* short for an RPG and very generic.Looks pretty and handles well.  I like how combat works for the most part.  Would prefer a way to upgrade takedowns though."
,Recommended,269650,32280467,Posted: 8 June,all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"This is a cyberpunk side scroller game. It has RPG mechanics but largely revolves around punching and sometimes shooting various 1980s inspired cyberpunk thugs. Your can pick locks and play a camera or turret hacking minigame that you can upgrade to even hack your opponents. The art style is beautiful, it has good voice acting and the music is excellent. For some reason I thought this was an adventure game but it seems to be closer to Mark of the Ninja. I'd recommend it for anyone that likes the cyberpunk genre as this is a good catch."
76561198057276193,Recommended,269650,15772806,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,DanglySpaghettiRiderTaperosc,"Are you one of those people who don't want to read a ♥♥♥♥-ton of text describing the mechanics  of the game? Then i'll keep it simple.Dex is great game that is hard to recommend despite it being so good.It has so many issues, as well as some baffling basic design oversights, that it would easily turn off so many people from the very start.However if you dig through the dirt, mud and other various amounts of filth, you'll find something that truly shines with a LOT of potential, especially in comparison to what's currently on Steam as of late.The melee combat and shooting all packs a punch and is very enjoyable. The RPG mechanics are varied, robust and are tailored to how YOU want to play, as well as the story and world the devs created being extremely interesting and a unique take on the genre.Thing is you'll have to dig a through a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥to fully enjoy it. Dex is a bit like Alpha Protocol in that regard. Lot of potential, but is so bugged up the fudge hole that a person suffering from Crabs would cringe. It all depends on how much you can suffer through.For those wanting a proper review there's more after the break...//////////////Alright, time to go balls deep into Dex.If i had to describe what Dex is to someone i'd say this:Dex is a third-person, side scrolling RPG that has a large emphasis on a unique hacking premise with some shooting and brawling and even some basic stealth mixed in for good measure. The game is set in a original cyberpunk world where augmentations are all the rage and hacking is a good way to rack up some cash, this is all drawn and animated in astounding detail which creates a very interesting aesthetic.It's a little like if the original Deus Ex got drunk one night and knocked up Shantae & The Pirate's Curse, nine months later this red headed, freckle faced mix of both games pops out as an indie game available on Steam for twenty bucks.That Deus Ex comparison isn't unwarranted either. Dex is a full blown RPG with action elements, instead of an action RPG like Deus Ex Human Revolution. You suck at everything until you level that skill up, or get a specific augmentation to enhance it.For example: Do you want to carry shotguns and SMGs into battle and fire them with pinpoint accuracy?Better save up your skill points then!Want to be able to lock pick almost every single locked door in the game not problem?Grind your exp and then level the ♥♥♥♥ up!Want to be able to coerce pimps into lending you their fanciest male hookers for a kinky bang-time at a discount?Level up your charisma, pick the right choice during dialogue, and have fun you perverted freak!Speaking of which, yes there's a dialogue system in Dex! Even if you have maxed out charisma you need to pick the way way of coercing someone at the time. Some people respond to threats, others respond to bribes, and others respond to flattery. Pick the wrong one, and you'd best reload a save and try again buddy!It works well, and always keeps conversations tense as you need to always pay attention to what they say.The writing itself is very well done and descriptive, kinda reminds me of the old cRPGs of yesteryear. The dialogue is also voice acted and...... here's where Dex starts to fall apart.The voice actors aren't bad at all and always suit the character and role their playing, but the actual voice direction itself leaves something to be desired. It always seems like they took only one take for each line and it can sound extremely amateurish and awkward at times. You can turn voices off in the option screen of the main menu if you wish, but then during cutscenes they'll be completely silent except for the bombastic (and rather nice i might add) score blasting over stock still images.While we're on the bad side of this i'll also add that some sound effects in general just seem to be completely ♥♥♥♥ing missing or non-existent! For example during the game you can sneak up on some unaware thugs and choke them to death, giving the same amount of exp for little to no effort as well as avoiding any possible injuries, but they make no sound! The chick you play as just dry humps them for a moment and they fall dead, again with absolutely no noise to accompany it, not even when the body falls down.If i sneak up on someone and snap their bloody neck in a video game, i expect to hear a sickening *CRACK* to go along with the action, it's just plain unnerving when it doesn't.Another thing wrong is the control scheme for both the controller and the keyboard and mouse. Some keys are just in a weird unnatural spot!'Q' to dodge during melee??? Who was the pants on head retard who chose THAT brilliant key placement?And i have never played a game, that had these few actual commands to input, that has forced me to use the '~' key.Also the jumping has some weird form of gravity that drops if you don't hold in spacebar until you fully finish the jump. If you let go too earlier be prepared to drop like a sack of bricks.The devs have patched the game so that you can rebind keys, so props to them, but this should have been thought out more clearly from the start.There are also a few visual glitches here and there, and some that really hinder the gameplay like the journal getting confused and ♥♥♥♥ing up.I guess it sounds like i really hate the game, but it's the opposite. There is a brilliant game here buried underneath some confusing design choices.While stealth is aggravatingly basic (walk behind someone and press a button to insta-kill) the actual melee combat is simple but satisfying and deep, with a basic one two punch combo, dodging, blocking, and special moves unlocked the more points you put into the fighting skill.Plus if you don't feel like getting your hands dirty you can always pull out a great big ♥♥♥♥ing magnum revolver and empty it into someones cranium as fast as you can pull the trigger. Skill points in the guns skill also unlock more weapons that you able to use, as well as reducing accuracy, recoil and stuff like that.Like previously mentioned there are other skills you can upgrade such as:EnduranceHackingLockpickingCharismaand a few moreHacking plays a key role in the story of Dex, and as such, has it's own mini-game dedicated to it. Without going into it too much it's fun, encourages thoroughness and skill, and never gets tedious or unwelcome.There is also an abundance of side-quests and the most that i have encountered are well done, with good writing, always worth the effort for the cash ( or other bonuses reward ), as well as having some various options of how exactly to complete them.I won't go into the story as i generally believe that the story in a game can fall apart if you know too much beforehand. Believe me when i say it IS worth your time.All in all, Dex is worth the time of any patient RPG fan. Especially those with a massive throbbing hard-on for cyberpunk such as myself, and ESPECIALLY those who are looking for something akin to the original Deus Ex. Even with all the problems i mentioned.Is it perfect? No, Mia Khalifa isn't perfect either but you can bet that if she was willing i'd jump her bones like a starving hound!Worth every penny."
76561198027994280,Not Recommended,269650,30821343,Posted: 29 March,all,Ismaru,"Dex has a pretty great atmosphere, a good story and I like the graphics, but it wasn't the game for me.Pro'sCool cyberpunk theme which sets a great toneGood main storyline with multiple endingsGood soundtrack and voice actingDifficulty level is quite high, there's no hand-holding. It's pretty hard to get into in the beginning and the quests make you use your brainNice looking graphicsConsCombat played out pretty poor. In melee when you strike/kick, you move forward a little so you can ""pass through"" an enemy and suddenly not be hitting them anymore. Also when you stun them they get an invulnerability window. So okay, it's not melee friendly. So I tried ranged combat. The aiming system was responding very badly, and as a result you either aim too high or too low. I used a controller so maybe it's different with a keyboard/mouse combination, but it essentially came down to both melee and ranged being worthless for their own reasons.The hacking minigame isn't actually a minigame in the sense that it's mandatory to use often, but is yet designed as a minigame so it's really simple in its nature. After hacking a few times it just got boring.The game seemed like a really vast world, but I was done with the game in less than 8 hours. I even went back to check if I missed things but it didn't seem like it.This game's trailer really points out all the great assets the game has to offer. And it's really not that bad at all. But if you're expecting there's more than what you see in the trailer you'll be dissapointed. It was an okay game, but not so great that I would recommend it to others.Was this review useful to you?Please also check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,269650,11714563,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,wolfomat,"This game is worth to buy it.It's an early alpha#1 build - and i don't expect to much from this.now at first to the bad things:- serveral bugs  (gun reload bug, gun won't shoot bug, items dissappear in inventory)- no main story line- the quests implemented are cool to play, should be side quest- the abandoned chemical factory: there is a place where i can't jump further - i always die (it's really tough) [need some screenshots?] UPDATE: this wasn't a bug - it was because of a my character which wasn't build enough to survive the place!!!)to the good things:- really nicely crafted animations and graphics- music is great- i like the settingMaybe the ""bad things"" list is bigger then the good things; but just keep read the summary!Summary:Dex feels for me like an Deus Ex : Human Revolution with mixed part from the game ""Flashback"". I really love those two games and Dex re-defines those two genres. I like it!I'm looking forward to the progress of this game.Hopefully with a story line (main quest) and the possibility to talk to ""useless/other"" NPCs - with some infos to the story, or even just chickchat - like an RPG ;-)"
,Recommended,269650,22454617,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Burn,"I just loved the aesthetic of this game. Dex proves that you don't need a game to be all grey and brown to show a gritty setting. Once I understood the mechanics of the gameplay (combat and hacking) it was tons of fun and very satisfying. This game reminded me a lot of Deus Ex Human Revolution - not only by the cyberpunk theme, but also the way you can complete missions (through combat, hacking, stealth or talking). I think the game captures the cyberpunk feel perfectly. The art, oh man, the art is truly superb. The character sprites look great, and the environments are very colorful and beautifully done. A must buy in my gaming books.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=666698621http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=605370233Unlocked all achievements!"
,Not Recommended,269650,16024362,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,simALITY,"I want to like this game.  I tried to like this game.   Truth be told, I don't *dislike* it but, I also don't really like it either. ""Thumb sideways"" is a good way to describe my feelings.  Since that's not an option, I give it a thumbs down because on balance I do rather regret the purchase.   I'm too broke to buy games that I can't return and don't enjoy.The main story is fine, the side quests are playable (or you can forget about them without penalty), the world is believable, the graphics are....well you get what you pay for.The problem is that the game play itself is almost a grind right out of the gate.  Your base fighting options are limited in the extreme (punch, shoot).  Your weapon choices are equally limited -- five guns and a taser.  You can't walk and shoot.  You can't even turn and shoot.  You have to stand and shoot.  There is no option to run and hide either.  Once the enemy spots you, you're spotted until you're dead or he's dead (the enemies are uniformly male).As for the hacking, it is -- if anything -- even more limited. The whole thing reminded me a game from the 80s.   There is a grand total of ONE puzzle.  The very thing that drew me to the game ended up being the thing I liked least of all.Not that there aren't good points.  Far and away the strongest point is the dialogue.  The scripts are well written and at least 75% of the time the actors don't sound like they are acting.  Instead they sound like people.  There are also moments where the ""right"" course of action wasn't clear and times where it wasn't desirable either.  For someone (me) who naturally gravitates towards the simon-pure ""good"" side of the good/evil continuum playing a game where I was A-OK with wanting to do something ""evil"" was a novel experience.YMMV."
76561198112492261,Recommended,269650,13362926,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,pawel.fertyk,"By far this seems to be a good game, especially for cyberpunk fans. Works good on Linux (a big advantage for me). The graphic is great, and so is the music. I cannot wait for the main storyline and other features (like hacking and armors).As for feedback, it would be really nice if a character could shoot and run at the same time (would really help in battle). Also, when you browse your augmentations, you should see a number of slots left/available (currently you can only see it while buying augmentations)."
76561198016761471,Recommended,269650,15735556,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Rykar,"15 minutes in: I've run into several bugs, some graphical, some audio, and a gameplay bug or two. Also, combat and stealth are just... not explained.Okay, okay, I like it... mostly. It's a spiritual successor to Deus Ex in _every_ way, both good and bad. Yes, you can do anything. Yes, there's a variety of upgrades. Yes, you can sequence break quests and then leave yourself confused.Stealth is confusing and hard to use.You will get shot to pieces.What am I really supposed to DO with AR?Why do none of the ""convince"" options actually _convince_ someone.However. It is a cyberpunk game with choices, flexibility, a non-linear path, and OPEN ALL THE DOORS. In my book... worth it. Ish."
,Recommended,269650,15809241,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Lilia,"Want to see gameplay before you buy?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kWtBoDMBUEThis game is a refreshing mix of a lot of my favorite things! I love the combat and the art style and there are lots of areas to explore and you are rewarded for it, which rocks!I love it so far and I'd say its worth the money."
,Recommended,269650,23254375,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dash,"Awesome game. Loved almost every minute of it.Had only two problems:-too short-sometimes way too easyOther than that, great game, Story is excellent, and the artwork is amazing."
,Recommended,269650,17056707,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TripleThreeTwo,+ Solid Cyberpunk Theme storyline+ Detailed character and background art for a 2d game+ Excellent Voice Over+ Flashback meets Deus Ex
,Recommended,269650,28571114,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sutorei,"Dex is a good example of what an ""open-world RPG"" should be. It really shines at the most important aspects and avoids typical pitfalls of the genre.It needs to be said though that the game is somewhat short: completing the main story and almost all of side quests (I think I missed a couple), plus some general screwing around took me about 12 hours. Well, that's what you get when you have a small dev team, but they did their best to maximize the amount of unique content in the game.First of all, the game's world is well developed. It includes a fair amount of areas with a distinct look and feel: everything is carefully drawn, there're lots of interesting - sometimes funny, sometimes grim - details, and almost everything is unique and rarely gets reused in other locations. This world is really open - you can go anywhere right after the intro sequence, except for a couple of plot-important areas, which are located quite far from the main map - no invisible walls here. Of course, some paths are blocked by environment, like poisonous gas or high walls or electric hazards. You'll need implants to pass them, and you can get them pretty early in the game.This world is filled with lots of NPCs, each with a unique portrait, sprite, and voice, and most of them have some problems you can help them with. These side quests vary in difficulty, and most of them rely on exploration of the city and asking around; even if there's no visible connection of a character to the story, they still can know something.Another aspect of an RPG is money and items. I like the balance of Dex in regards to these: if you go for real lengths in getting every available penny using any means necessary, you still won't get filthy rich and you won't be able to buy out every shop. However, a reasonable amount of time spent on side quests and exploration will net you enough money to buy all the necessities and buff Dex with powerful items and implants for comfortable gameplay. There's no need to grind, and no real possibility to do so, too, as there're no respawning enemies and repeatable quests.There are a lot of implants of sorts to modify your character, but the tricky part is that amount of implant slots is limited and you can't uninstall or swap them. Choose carefully.Combat. Well, it stays more or less the same throughout the whole game. You can learn some tricks that make brawls more lively as you level up your melee skill, but there are no weapons besides starting inventory of gun shop owners and a couple of special pistols tied to the plot. Sadly, you won't get those huge and stylish guns that are drawn on the gun shop walls.Still, the combat system provides you a good and interesting challenge for the bigger part of the game: almost always you're outgunned, and your enemies are not cannon fodder. So you need to plan your encounters, and sometimes even get stealthy to avoid dangerous fights. And if you really max out your combat prowess with skills and implants, you'll get a satisfying experience of being a Terminator incarnate, able to kick around even the toughest enemies with impunity.You'll also have to fight in cyberspace, as a part of hacking various systems. It's portrayed as a shooting mini-game, and there's enough different threats that require you to make decisions quickly, especially if you didn't invest a lot in hacking. Don't forget that you can always find a machine that replenishes your Focus somewhere near your target.The role-playing system of Dex is not sophisticated: there are no obscure skills of questionable importance like tailoring or agriculture or shaman rites or what have you, and every investment is described in detail, so your character's development can be planned. You don't need to grind to get enough experience for natural progress, and you can buy XP and skill points from NPCs if you're really in a pinch.Charisma and lockpicking skills are unusual: there're really only two steps at their respective bars. There's no catch, six points - and you have them both maxed out, and for this small investment you can pick any pickable lock and convince any convincable character in the game. It's strange in comparison to a lot of other RPGs, where making a proficient thief or a smooth talker would require a lot of points, potentially crippling your other abilities. Maybe that's for good, because lockpicking and persuasion can be very useful right at the start of the game, depending on the order you take side quests, so you can easily pick them - or don't pick at all and look for other solutions, if you wish so.It's still worth mentioning that maxed out charisma is not a cruise control for success as you'll still have to pick your words right for each case.As for the plot and the music... Well, they're there. The game's story is a usual one, where freedom-loving hackers and runners fight oppressive corporations. No plot holes, no surprising twists. The retrowave music goes well with the atmosphere, but is not very memorable.Putting the pieces back together, we get a game which can be described as ""condensed"": while not big, it's densely packed with content, and overall effort and quality make for a really good product. Dex is well worth its price, and for some reason it went under the radar, so only about 50k people have bought it as of today.P.S. For more hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
76561198090899901,Recommended,269650,32072493,Posted: 30 May,all,ShinraVeteran,"Pretty neat metroidvania rpg in a cyberpunk setting. If you would enjoy a story driven rpg with implants, futuristics suits, hacking(mini-game), cyberpunk corporations this game is right up your alley. The combat can be difficult at the early levels, but the difficulty can be changed in the menu if you have problems. Overall a good 10-15 hours game."
76561198061974601,Recommended,269650,30596327,Posted: 18 March,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"Lovely artwork and nice story, good longevity if you pursue all the achievements and different endings, 'must buy' if you like a cyberpunk setting, satisfying gameplay with melee, pew pew guns and stealth, while hacking into enemies brain a' la ghost in the shell.All saves bugs have been fixed, I've encountered none in my playthru.Thank you devs it was a nice ride, I enjoyed every second of this game and will remember it."
76561198086594064,Not Recommended,269650,15785259,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,javkord,"I really liked the game. Sadly it is not even near to be in a realsed state.  It has a lot of bugs and some can not be ignored.  Some quest are bugged, the scrolls in the reports is bugged so you cant read key information about quests and  I just lost like 3 hours of the game because the save files get corrupted. I am not going to play this for a while and i dont recommend to play it until several patches are applied."
,Recommended,269650,25051458,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tristan,"It's a full-blooded cRPG in the shell of a side-scrolling platformer, which is set in a cyberpunk dystopian universe. You play as a fragment of artificial intelligence in the body of a young woman. The plot may be associated for example with Blade Runner, GITS and Neuromancer, so - as you can imagine - among the main topics you will find: society controlled by corporations, hacking and transhumanism.The majority of quests can be completed in many ways and some of them have an impact on the other. Progression of our protagonist allows both fight stealthy as well as with Rambo’s style shooting and of course everything in between. You can read in many articles that the whole combat mechanics in this game is poorly made, but it's b u l l s h i t, although it seems to me that the aiming guns is cumbersome sometimes.This Dreadlocks Ltd. production has got interesting dialogues and stories sewn into e-mails, fantastic voice-acting, great soundtrack and brilliant atmosphere. I think that only difficulty curve is a huge problem, because at the beginning everything is extremely demanding, but after we install implants and so on, the game gets much easier (fortunately, the story becomes better with our progression). Dex has been rated as average by many reviewers, but in my opinion, it is a true gem that shouldn't be missed by h+ narrative fans."
76561197963643929,Recommended,269650,32227689,Posted: 6 June,all,Luna,"Well, apparently I spent 16 hours playing this game for 2 days straight before finishing it, so I figure I owe the developers a positive review. I went into the game not expecting much, but from the start to the end I was enjoying myself.I felt like the story was well written, the characters were well designed and mostly well acted, and there was always meaningful things to do and places to explore up until the end.As someone who enjoys games with rewarding explorations I was constantly pleased with what I found as I explored the city.I have a few complaints too:A large part of the game is the combat, but I did not feel that it was as fleshed out as it could have been. The opponents will predictably cycle between blocking and performing 2-3 attacks, Dex can block melee attacks, fire a weapon, and initially perform a 2 punch combo, which can potentially be upgraded to 4 punches doing increasing amounts of damage per additional punch, and additionally Dex can sneak up behind enemies and choke them from behind if she remains unnoticed.This all works fairly well when put together to be honest, but I felt that combat could have been more involved than blocking and punching at the right times; additionally the enemies do not really evolve as the game progresses - in the beginning life is very difficult - Dex doesn't know what's going on, but  is constantly hunted, broke, low on ammo and healing items, and somehow has to survive as she keeps running into gang members, but as she progressed through the game it just got easier and easier.Hacking was a similar experience -  at first things were very difficult, but after getting a few upgrades I felt like it got too easy. This was especially so at the entrance of many computers where you have to keep moving to not die, but after the first few defenses went down the remaining oness could be picked off at my leisure.I think the game would have benefitted from a steeper difficulty rampup the further away from the start Dex gets - sure, enemies get incremental upgrades, but for most of the game I felt that it was too little too late, and for the latter half of the game I was never challenged.I would also have liked for there to have been another chapter where the heroes leave the city and go on the offense against the corporations that have been hunting them; at a certain time it felt like the next logical step. The ending could have been a little better too.I consider all of these to be minor points that I hope will be adressed in the developers next game. It could have been better, but what is there is well polished. If you haven't played through Dex already I think you should. I had fun, and I hope you will too."
,Not Recommended,269650,28486811,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,I'm Not Sue,"This game came as a bit of disappointment to me.  In short, Dex is a 2D cyberpunk game that tries to take a page from Deus Ex(D.EX?doho) but fails in execution for both story and gameplay.-Story-The story consists of the protagonist waking up in her apartment, mysterious cyber figure contacts you and tells you to run from the incoming super soldier hit squad, and in her escape falls into cahoots with some hacker buddies to overthrow the superpower organization controlling everything in the gritty dystopian cyber future.  It felt too rushed and escalated far too quickly, going almost directly to the evil-super-controller-group that you have to stop for impending doom reasons.  A lot of the side quests are kind of set aside from this and deal with criminal gangs and corporate meddling and helping out the little guy.  I didn't feel like any of the characters you meet are all that likeable, including the protagonist.  Her voice acting is lacking in the few scenes its voiced.  I think it makes sense why they excluded it as it works the same as in Bethesda RPGs, but that plus the very weak action noises from the VA make the main character seem fairly vapid.  Her dialogue and that of everyone else in the game just doesn't feel right.  Its hard to say why, being neither a voice-person nor a writer myself, but they lacked punch.  Characters express distress without evoking sympathy, curse appropriately but don't feel convincing, get angry but don't seem honest when they drop their temper a second later, and so on.  Sometimes a great story can help carry less entertaining gameplay, but that is not the case here.-Gamplay-The gameplay here suffers from a lack of refinement, and there's no getting around that.  Despite the similarities in presentation, this game has none of the refinement of a 2D Castelvania game in either action or platforming.  There's just enough feeling of clunk in platforming to feel unsatisfying, from things like headbumping on ceilings to missed jumps.  Combat is completely lacking, and is also is a significant factor in the problem of poor game balance that Dex suffers from.  I'll discuss that in the next paragraph.  Hacking is presented as a fairly simple and uninteresting shmup minigame that is never rewarding.  All encounters in it are cheesable and lack any depth.  The world you play in is fairly small as well, giving you barely more than a few screens to play about in any area, and there aren't any interesting puzzles or paths to be found either, but with the lack of refinement in this title adding more length would not have helped much I think.Now down to the nitty gritty - the game balance.  Its poor, and there's a lot of examples of this so I'll go off ranting about a few.Enemies come in a few varieties, and only one is a difficulty.  There's melee gangs members, gun gangers, and giant gang members.  Then, business suit variants of the same.  Lastly, there's armored soldiers.  Every enemy in this gameexceptthe giant and the armored one can be disabled by a takedown from behind or while stunned.  You have an ability to pause the action and 'hack' (stun) an enemy at any time while presumably playing a shmup minigame that in actuality has no meaningful resource cost and almost can't be failed even with no hacking upgrades if you possess any modicum of skill at video games.  Thus the easiest strategy is to run at every enemy (almost always encountered looking away from you) mashing the takedown button, and then stunning each nearby enemy one by one and repeating.  The giant ganger poses no threat due to poor AI and bad hitboxes on his attacks leading to easy stunlocks from your basic no-upgrade 2 hit combo and walking through his sprite.  Just take him out last when in groups.  The armored soldier is easy to stunlock as they don't shoot their gun in melee range and melee attacks in this game can be blocked.  Thus they are only a problem if there's more than one, because they can't be 1-hit-takedowned and chain-stunning is somewhat impractical.  The other problem enemy is gun turrets.  Hacking them off spawns two moderate HP enemies in the shmup minigame that aren't trivial to tackle, but a 3 skill point investment that halves hacking time solves that completely as one of the enemies doesn't even reach you in time before the hack completes.  That is the only situation in the game where any enemy is a problem.  There are some robot drones but they are in a 30 second escape sequence and as such you shouldn't really be fighting them anyway, and they never appear after that.  Hacking to stun an enemy costs no meaningful resource but the player's time as in any instanced encounter apart from the main city there will be a free Focus refill (aka Hacking HP), and in the city there is one that can and should be fast traveled to rather than wasting money on consumables as all the trip to the refill costs is a bit of time.This ties into the upgrade / level up system.  All these above I describe was with no upgrades.  At a point in the game I was floating 21 skill points because I found nothing worth investing them in after putting 3 into lockpicking and charisma each to max them as they add accessibility options for character interaction and the environment.  At the end of the game I began to dump them en masse into combat (never needed), endurance (HP was irrelevant) and a bit into hacking for ease of life by adding an extra shot to your ship in the shmup minigame.  You can also upgrade yourself with implants, and the game recommends that you should plan ahead because you wont have enough slots for all of them.  Its a bit of a throwback to Deus Ex, but ultimately its clear which ones are worthless and which ones are indispensible.  Hi-jump for platforming, gas immunity because the game requires it for a quest anyway, and HP regen because otherwise you have to fast travel back to the doctor over and over again which unlike the Focus refills actually does cost money.  This is a convenience feature as HP restoring items are a bit of a hassle to meaningfully use in action and end up costing a fair amount.  So does the HP regen implant but then you don't have to menu dive or fast travel anymore and can just get on with the game while your HP ticks back to full.  There's no gun customization, but really you never need to use it anyway.  There's a consumable stealth item, but enemies aren't a threat and its too short of a duration.  There's no impetus to play other character archetypes when they cost resources and are more of a hassle to play than  doing hack-takedowns.-Performance-The game ran fine on my PC (i5 6600, GTX 970, 16gb mem), had an enemy slowly fall through the floor once but otherwise there were no bugs.  I played with KBM, and controls are not rebindable though which is an annoyance as some of the bindings are oh-so-slightly clunky.   There's some graphic settings, but this is a pixel art game.  The effects and art in this game aren't high quality enough to warrant meaningful graphics adjustments and the game is not especially pretty to look at anyway.  The game runs about 9 hours of playtime for a first playthrough, doing most side quests.-Conclusion-In summary, this game seemed to try to take a big page from Deus Ex and failed to make something either deep in story or fun to play.  As such I can't recommend it, even on sale.  It just never felt fun or like I wanted to hear what would come next.  Just pass on it, your time would be better spent on something else."
,Recommended,269650,29622987,Posted: 1 February,all,mistersneak,"Dex is an interesting game, and on a fairly short list of side-scroller platforming RPGs. For that alone, I feel it's worth recommending for people who are interested in exploring open-world 2D RPG design as a concept. Dex has a traditional open-world RPG quest structure, but in a 2D package, so that's interesting.It is also a well executed cyberpunk story, so cyberpunk fans should play Dex. It has a few interesting characters, a couple of needless tropes, but breaks convention enough so that it doesn't feel like a string of cliches. Note I didn't really feel this way until the last 25% of the game (I retained my skepticism until then), but that's when everything really comes to a head. If you start the game and feel skeptical about the storytelling, I'd say stick with it.The RPG and action gameplay systems are fairly shallow. Like most action/exploration games with unlock systems, the unlockables which provideunique methods of accessare your highest priority. I don't consider this a spoiler. It's just gamer logic. Anything that can be overcome with skill is low priority. Anything that cannot be overcome with skill is high priority. For this reason, all the 2-point abilities are really the most impactful in the game. Once you have these, you can really experience all the game's content and level up your preferred playstyle.That leads to my next point - this game is really not about playstyle. It's not that kind of RPG where your character build changes how you play. You'll always need combat and hacking. You can neglect melee or ranged weapons, but really you'd just be shorting yourself, not really exploring a unique playstyle IMO.On ""Classic"" difficulty, I found the game to be pretty darn easy after getting some of the game's more powerful cyber augments, and it never really stepped up the challenge to a threatening level again.  If you are expecting to make difficult combat choices, Dex does not deliver, and can be tedious there. The hacking minigame is a twin-stick shooter, and you should know that, because it's required. If you hate that idea, then you have been warned. I like twin-stick shooters so while it wasn't the best abstraction of ""hacking"" that I've ever seen, it was fine with me.Based on gameplay alone, I could see why people would not recommend Dex. It's just fundamentally shallow in the gameplay / skill department. But I think the exploration, art, voice acting, music and story makes up for it.Anyway, the best compliment I can give to Dex is that one of its story choices was so difficult that I quit the game for the night and came back the next day before I could decide. I evaluated my own values (as a HUMAN) to make my decision, and ultimately knew my conclusion was personal and subjective. Most games' writing are not nuanced enough for that, so hats off to Dex.Beaten in about 24 hours, all sidequests complete."
,Recommended,269650,34910648,Posted: 12 September,all,𝒜𝓁𝒻𝓇'𝒹,"5/10There are two games here: The Dex Game which deserves 9/10.And the hacking minigame, which deserves 1/10.Unfortunately, you can't progress in the Dex game without going through the awfully awkward and frustrating hacking parts. It feels like you drive a Ferrari with square wheels.(Written minutes after my third rage-quit/uninstall of Dex in six monthes. This was the las try.)"
,Recommended,269650,23843944,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Eibon,"Dex wears its roots pretty openly on its sleeve: this is a fantastic 2D interpretation of Deus Ex.Perhaps one of the most brillaint aspects of Dex is how it naturally gates its content through very simple means: as you start off with nothing, enemies with guns are terrifyingly lethal. Even after acquiring a simple weapon, you're vastly outnumbered many times, and your profficiency with weapons is probably low.But this changes - you get better weapons, more ammo (so you can use the weapon more readily), you learn to sneak better, and the real game changer: you get augmented. Still, I played nearly half the game (this is including optional side quests) before getting augmented, so you can spend a good chunk of time navigating the world and challenges without super powers to help you.The world itself is also a joy to navigate, as it is a concise, yet densly packed urban sprawl. You can quickly navigate between areas by quick traveling to nearly any visited area (there are about three exceptions, between the sewers, a side quest area, and a main story area), making it simple to go from one objective to the next, even if they're on opposite ends of the map. This is something lots of 3D games struggle with, as you have large maps, but vast expanses of map that serve only to make you spend time traveling, and wind up being fairly sparse on content.Combat is engaging and fairly straightforward: I found myself using melee in most situations, with guns being a decisive way to quickly end a fight; money and ammo is plentiful enough that it would be possible to focus more on ranged combat, however. Weapon handling is more complex than simply pointing and clicking, as further distances reduce your accuracy, and you have to sacrifice speed in order to use a gun. For me, this created a fun, yet tense combat environment, especially as you tried to contend with multiple enemies.To round everything off, Dex features a fantastic, eccentric cast of fully voiced characters (something I wasn't expecting), and each of them plays a part in some part of the game.Overall, Dex offers a rich 2D cyber-distopian RPG, all within 15 - 20 hours (a timespan I can definitely appreciate with ever dwindling free time)."
76561197970910841,Recommended,269650,15781251,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Falaris,"There is a lot of references to bugs, and I've made a few myself, but as of the last patch, the PC version is working perfectly well for me. The only niggling problem is that it uses a savepoint system.The game itself is very, very nice. I like it a lot. Good characters, good stories (BioFarm's subplot was quite well made - especially for the bit where I started thinking 'hey, they're the good guys here... that can't be right.'.).One of my doubts about the game was because it looked a bit like an arcade platformer. It's not. It's definitely an RPG in a 2D side scrolling world, with a few platforms.This sort of game often has a lot of issues because of its very non-linear approach to mission playing and solving. I've run into surprisingly few of those. Sure, it's not perfect, it is sometimes confusing, but it also lets you go (almost) anywhere from the start. I like that a lot. It feels more like a world than a game (once you're let loose in it, that is.).I've had a lot of fun with the game, thanks Dreads. :)"
76561198047518635,Recommended,269650,15832255,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,h0rnyfavn,"I've just finished it.My character was lvl 17 in the end (I didn't buy all +XP items ). Everything was maxed out except for barter (0/2) and range (2/6). I found & bought some +1 skill points items though17 hours total gameplay (I think it's actually less than that coz I was afk several times and left the game running, so more likely ~15-16 hours. And I play games kinda slow.2 quests were still not finished ( antique antics & the bugged one - chemicals and stimpacks)Singularity ending (the one I chose) has a lame cutscene and it looks rushed as if it was made just for the sake of having a second ending.Ranged combat is atrocious. =))Some minor bugs here and here, nothing major afaik.Great cyberpunk  setting and atmosphere. I wish locations were larger ,they are really small.A very good voice over  and writing. Fantastic  soundtrack.The story is engaging and compelling.Anyway, great game not without some flaws."
,Recommended,269650,18403989,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Mr Windblade,"Wow.  What a fantastic game this is.  I thoroughly enjoyed every little bit of it - explored every little nook and cranny that I could conceivably think to find, and it looks like I might've still missed a thing or two.This game is a really well written game.  It performs well, it has just the right amount of humor and intrigue, never takes itself entirely seriously, and definitely doesn't overstay its welcome.The only negative is that the combat isn't the best.  It could use some refinement, especially in the later levels, but a thorough player will find themselves able to power through just about everything in the game.  I enjoyed it, and I think you would too."
,Recommended,269650,24315527,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,icepicknico,Probably one of the best games I played this year. It's an indie game but it has the story arc and the possibilities that many Big Fat Games lack.Try it. Try it now.
,Recommended,269650,33017579,Posted: 29 June,all,Prometheus,"Dex is the best written RPG I have played since Planescape: Torment, although the two games are not comparable in any way except in the efficacy and believability of their writing.I talked a crazy, paranoid conspiracy theorist down from isolating himself in a mine-ridden dump, reunited a vengeful hacker who had my back with the wife he thought betrayed him twenty years ago, and felt tense as a new friend without augmentations fought to escape but lost everything. And that was just the one guy. And it felt real.You should play this game.But you don't get let off there. Although at one point it felt like a lesser game's plot arc would have ended, there's still more story after it. I won't ruin it, but a company like EA would have saved a good part of the game for a sequel. That isn't enough for Dex, where you don't rest until you've taken down the conspiracy behind the plot. And maybe not even then!The big-bads don't employ a bunch of horrible people wanting to destroy society. They like coffee, and preschools, and wondering about the morality of what they're doing like anyone else. And they don't even know the whole picture. And the ones that do have their own goals; they aren't some abstract conglomerate.Dex is a game that can actually make a philosophical statement because it isn't a bifurcated, over-emphasized and over-simplified issue like Deus Ex: Human Revolution's ""Should we be augmented?"" Only one character asked me if I like calculators or tools and only after I expressed some serious doubts. No one's rioting in the streets because they're busy living life - at least one even walks away from his fight - and some of them get you involved in their lives just a little.Also, morality isn't some karmic meter - you can do things that will make you feel evil, and you might even get something better out of it. But you're going to feel slimy when certain characters approve of you.It's a lot of fun, and very rewarding, to do everything and go everywhere. Not many games can say their side paths are more than meaningless items or useless collectibles, but even the ""collectibles"" have personality and a person who wants them.Convincing people to do things isn't just ""use skill, get result!"" You have to pay attention, and you can choose to do or not do some things that feel like they matter.Are there cons? Sure, combat is simplistic, hacking can be monotonous at times, and some of the characters aren't perfectly fleshed out (I would have liked more involvement with Decker, he felt too much like background), but missing perfection isn't a complaint, is it? I still enjoyed all of those things, and the augmentations make the gameplay more enjoyable. Oh, to sit on a rooftop with the fish...Dex gets the right balance between a world that's bigger than you know, and a goal that keeps you moving. But it's fun just to get lost, too. And what other game can you finish with a gross (144) of condoms?Happy running. T-end."
,Recommended,269650,34263575,Posted: 15 August,all,Arbiter Libera,"Looking back on my experience after finishing Dex just an hour or so ago I can't shake this feeling that I approached the game with different expectations compared to what I got in the end. Very much to my surprise this is an even rarer case where this turned out to be a good thing for the game in question. So let's get down to it, my pretties – how does Dex fare in the nitty-gritty department?One thing you quickly realize is how well it nails the cyberpunk sensibilities. I'm not talking merely about the aesthetic either, but it is part of the package with its gloomy and despairing locales contrasted with neon advertisements and jacked up people who think nothing about augmenting themselves with implants. Story? Well, it's cyberpunk. So much is endemic to the genre itself that little needs to be said – corporations are up to no good and you have to fight them. Dex doesn't exactly throw any curve balls in that department and largely plays everything straight... which is perfectly fine considering that's what you're here for in the first place. Our protagonist finds herself on the receiving end after she becomes a target of a corporation called the Complex and is saved by a famous hacker in the nick of time. This sets her down a path of the seedy underbelly of Harbor Prime and beyond as she attempts to piece together what exactly is happening.In a sense this is where some of the game's problems come about – Dex is just a really forgettable protagonist. Not necessarily bad as much as conflicted because story and major characters you interact with throughout the game portray her as some badass almost in the vein of Major from Ghost in the Shell, but really in few cutscenes and voiced dialog lines she has Dex comes off almost as a hipster valley girl trying too hard to be snarky. It's a minor gripe of mine, but it took me out of the game whenever she spoke. Another issue, although justified by the situation she find herself in, is the way she keeps getting dragged into things and going with the flow WHILE at the same time point doing all the grunt work. This results in obvious division between story and gameplay parts, and had at times lead me to honestly forget the main story was even there as I was fooling around in Harbor Prime. Which brings me to...All the other stuff.The way game is structured it wouldn't be a lie to call it a metroidvania of sorts, but only in a sense there are segments of the map(s) locked to you until/if you acquire certain abilities that will allow you to re-visit and explore said sections. These take form in shape of skills and cybernetic implants. Contrary to what you might expect when you look at the game and see something that plays like a 2D beat 'em up or a very basic shooting affair when you throw firearms into the mix, skills like lockpicking and charisma get more than decent mileage for just two skill levels versus the regular six levels your main skills that pertain to combat and weapons. Add things like shops, variety of gear and as well as miscellaneous items and you suddenly have a title fleshed out with a number of moving parts. What also impressed me is the fact how modular the game is whatever your play style might be, and this is coming from someone who combined melee and stealth. Getting an implant that let me see enemy's field of vision and advanced armor which made bullets a joke essentially prepared me for anything end game could throw at me.While they might have you tracing back and forth I found most of the side missions very enjoyable and involved on story level more than I initially expected. I think the dullest one in the entire game is collecting old memorabilia for a certain weapon shop owner, but even in that case you get a tiny bit of history as well as decent reward so you don't feel like the game is wasting your time. One thing to note, so you don't end up looking like a fool the way I did, is to remember game actually has fast travel and you don't have to traverse all the districts of Harbor Prime on foot. NPCs you come across are generally your safe cyberpunk archetypes and they play it as such while clinging to enough new personality to be likable when contrasted with the protagonist herself.Feeding into what I said above about skills and game's open approach it actually took me a while to get into as I thought I was initially doing something wrong. Turns out exploring new locations the moment they become available aka what every sensible person does, might not be the best thing seeing as Dex does not hold your hand. If your character build will let you get there, you can get there. Hell, there are almost always additional routes/information that actually feel integrated into the world and air ducts aren't just there so you can have a stealth route, for example. I can't count the number of times I've come across alternative solutions to problems and, equally as important, info that isn't spelled out as vital but is something you can use. Like how in one mission you come across information a certain character owes money to a bank and with your hacking skills you can do away with it. This is not required for the mission involving said singer, but she'll be grateful and give you a little something regardless. I like these small things and Dex has a lot of them spread out all over the place.Fine fine, have some negatives. There really aren't many when I think back on it. One that persists is how the game doesn't really explain some things to you or how most systems are very basic, but all of these work just fine as individual pieces of the grand puzzle. Another problem I have with the game is the way it ends seeing as there are multiple endings based on your decisions yet one is clearly the “good ending” and gets the attention. In other words, Dex is a game that could be insanely expanded on in the sequel because they have the groundwork right. As long as they keep the stellar soundtrack and artwork, mind you.I expected a simple 2D sidescrolling game and instead got more-or-less an RPG masquerading as former mainly because of technical and financial [Kickstarter origin] reasons. You won't have to ask me twice whether I want to play more cyberpunk games though, especially not when they're as quality as Dex turned out to be. My one regret is putting it off this long."
,Recommended,269650,12376616,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,WillAlwaysExist,"This game has amazing potential. It's Shadow complex meets Shadowrun Returns. Great Music, Amazing Art Design and great gameplay mechanics. I am very excited to see whats to come."
,Recommended,269650,28300080,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Pingster,"This is such an amazing game with great story, and engaging mechanics. I tend to be very difficult to keep engaged in any one game (sigh, more than 150 titles, and haven't touched most of them for more than an hr or two), but this game... I forgot my lunch and my dinner and finished it in one sitting. It was worth it.Highly recommend it to anyone who cares about story driven games.Oh and the voice acting was brilliant."
76561198033617861,Recommended,269650,19776232,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Marianojoey,"This game is one of those rare jewells you can find this days in the big chaotic universe that is the gaming world. It has a solid and interesting story, nice characters, good voice acting, a solid combat system, different approachs to many situations (not all, mind you, but no game ever does).Go pick it up (it's worth the full price, beleive me), and enjoy. :)"
76561198081308399,Recommended,269650,11795501,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,FlingusScramble,"Greate game, esspecialy for early access. I'll start out with the positives.+The few missions there are turn out to be fun and engaging+Combat is fun and difficult, which puts more emphisis on stealth.+Stealth system is greate+Movement is fun and fluid+Wonderful stylized graphics+Very smooth animationNow the negatives-In areas with lots of people or particle effects the game slows down a bit (May just be my pc)-Even if you zoom out(Scrollwheel) Enemies can see you at a greater difference than you can see them-Sometimes it can be difficult to distinguish things from foreground to background-Not any story, and barley any missions.-World is pretty smallOverall, it's a greate game, and totaly worth the money even in this state. With the difficulty level it'll take you at least a few hours, and with a planned release at the end of 2014, I'm sure the world will be expanding shortly, as well as graphics options  in case you have a terrible computer like me."
76561198002124849,Recommended,269650,29915393,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"The closest comparison I can draw Dex to is the Shadowrun game on SNES, if it were played from a 2D-platformer perspective instead of isometrically. There's almost nothing not to like here. Dex is a great heroine, the combat is solid, the world-building is complete and fluid...There may not be anything particularly thought-provoking or mind-blowing in regards to the plot, but everything Dreadlocks attempts to do with Dex, they do effectively and the result is a near-masterpiece.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,269650,32940340,Posted: 28 June,all,Butter_Groove,"I've got pretty mixed feelings about Dex. Overall, it's a pretty good game, but I'm glad I purchased it on a sale. I don't recommend the full price, due to its inconsistencies.The aesthetic is very cool, a sort of side scrolling RPG beat-em-up with a cyberpunk motif. The graphics are good, and the story and pacing move along at a fairly brisk pace. Despite what was one of the most lackluster endings in recent memory, the story was engaging and enticing, even though it rips off Blade Runner, The Matrix, William Gibson, and pretty much every other cyberpunk standard. The voice acting was quite good and there is a lot of it, in fact I believe every single piece of dialogue in the game is spoken, and the script is solid. Some of the voice levels and cadence were inconsistent though, as if certain actors were speaking too softly or without much energy.The gameplay and challenge level is what I had the most issue with. While the game is overall not that challenging, certain areas are pretty frustrating. The beat-em-up segments are mostly bland until later in the game when you can upgrade your character with new abilities. For the majority of the time, you are just running up to enemies, punching them over and over, occasionally blocking or rolling out of the way of their attacks, and that's about it. The biggest problem was the hacking segments though. When you hack a computer, the game switches to a twin stick style shooter. LOVE this concept, but the execution sucks. Twin stick shooters must control very fluidly and you should be able to change direction on a dime and be super accurate with your shots. Not the case here. The movement is painfully slow and not at all smooth, so I ended up dieing and having to redo a lot of these segments multiple times. You also have extremely limited access to healing capabilities for your ""ship"" while hacking, as opposed to being able to use healing items whenever you want during the rest of the game, which is also quite frustrating. The design of the hacking areas is also bland beyond belief. Think of the original matrix sequences for Shadowrun Returns but even more stale and sparse. Enemies are also cheap but generally pattern-based.If you can get this game on a sale and deal with the crappy twin stick shooter segments, its actually quite good. Interesting cast of characters and some fun side quests, plus a nice art style and motif carry it through."
76561197994106088,Recommended,269650,29394164,Posted: 21 January,all,hamooding,"I found this game very strange. The combat is not that interesting, its actually pretty basic. Upgrades and progression are kind of interesting but not that much. Hacking is entertaining but nothing ground breaking.Why I said the game is strange is because the game was amazing BECAUSE of those things. It felt very retro and captured the old game feel so incredibly well. I enjoyed this game a whole lot and felt so very immersed, I enjoyed all the characters and wanted to know more about them, I enjoyed exploring dangerous areas and going there way before I was supposed to, I enjoyed upgrading and buying equipment, and most of all I enjoyed the ♥♥♥♥ out of the story.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,269650,22792943,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Formidolosus,"Do I recommend? Short answer: Yes.A few years ago, for Aprils Fools, Square Enix teased a 2D demake of deus ex: human revolution. And like many people, I didn't actually think it would be the worst idea ever. Dex comes close to being that game. The area you explore is probably not as big as a deus ex game but it's loaded with points of interest and side quests. Play the augments right and you'll have full access to pretty much everywhere long before the game ends and there is plenty to discover as you go along. The plot line is pretty standard cyber-punk, man-or-machine fare and the twists aren't too suprising, but I think the voice acting and writing do a good job of carrying the game. So overall, I'd say that if you like RPG, cyberpunk, and free form gameplay and aren't hung up on having only the shiniest graphics, then you're not going to be sad spending money on this.The free DLC they released also adds some pretty cool tech, so be sure to add that to your account, if you buy the game."
76561198070875710,Recommended,269650,18463894,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Cultefact,"I started playing again post October patch and I have encountered no savegame errors. The game is now stable as any other.This game expectedly takes you to the 90s and makes you realize how good gaming can get.Things I like about it:+ The fluid gameplay that comes out of simplicity, no unnecessarily complex objectives,+ The characters; this game teaches you characters don't have to be 3D to come alive,+ The fast travel system runs so smoothly, glad it is here,+ The artwork for Dex and all other characters, scenery, etc. is lovely except for some areas/models which lack polish,+ The combat systemThings that would make it better:* A longer game with more areas to explore (maybe more cities and a few places outside the city limits) and more NPCs,* A difficulty setting* More melee moves,* A larger collection of implants/augments,* More guns,* More detailed dialogue trees and speech options,* Darker colors to have a noir feel,* Weather - especially rain.After the patch this game got a lot better and made me happy to have supported it."
,Recommended,269650,31475549,Posted: 30 April,all,Karl Pilkington ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"The game is exactly what it says on the tin.My only issue with the game, is that because I loved it, I wished there was more content and stuff to do in the game to make it longer.... but that's it, other than that, I just want to say a personal thank you to the devs for making a cool game and giving me a good experience. Cheers!9/10Highly suggest to buy if you're a fan of the cyberpunk genre."
,Not Recommended,269650,32838533,Posted: 26 June,all,hotscorn,"If this is very much your genre, then play it, it has some bright shining moments that are a lot of fun.Overall this is a game that wants to be a lot of things, and thus spreads itself pretty thin, making no part really great. My biggest gripe was the extremely slow exposition, it took me around 60-90 minutes to get into the meat of what the gameplay would be like. If it were great expositions I wouldn't mind so much, but the dialogue is clunky and awkwardly delivered by the voice actors.The characters are all thinly written, and a lot of times it seems the authors want you to 'get' things naturally that I just didn't get. It wasn't until a cutscene around 66% of the way through that I learned (minor spoiler) that the main male and female characters were supposed to have some romantic tension between them. The pace and motives are also really unclear, that same cutscene, as it was going on, seemed built up to be the end of the game, and then all of the sudden it wasn't and there were 2 more large chapters.All this added up to a story-driven game whose story I didn't care much about. The end always felt just a few steps away, and I wanted enough to know where the story was being taken that I kept on, but each revelation felt disjointed and unsatisfying. Too many ideas were thrown in without a clear message chosen for the narrative. There are lots of subquests to occupy your time, each with their own mini plot, but none of them are introduced in a convincing way. Everyone just seems to know that this new girl in town is the one in whom to entrust all their problems and who will get♥♥♥♥♥♥done.C+"
,Recommended,269650,15810795,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Lats,"+Solid gameplay+Great soundtrack+Very much ""In theme"" environments+Talent choices actually make a difference early on+Compelling Story*-Awkward gunplay (when drawn moving holsters)-Strange hitboxes-End of the game felt rushed, and has a Mass Effect feel to itOverall I enjoyed the game, but the rapidity of the ending left me dazed and not really sure if that was ""it"" until the credits rolled."
,Recommended,269650,24309787,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Gaihun,"Dex is a Platformer, Action RPG, ""Open-World"", based on a Cyberpunk world.Dex have two gameplay styles, one as Dex(the platformer) and one while hacking stuff(Twin-Stick Shooter).I Strongly recommend for everybody who loves Flashback, Neuromancer and Deus-EX.One of best indie video games i ever played.The story is very solid, the gameplay is fine(i used a PS3 controller), and the musical textures sent you directly through the screen as you play.Great game, awesome moments."
,Recommended,269650,33206606,Posted: 3 July,all,Broseph,"I recommend for $5, but the hacking minigame completely killed my interest in playing further. Absolute trash; Space Fury on Colecovision is more entertaining. It's a shame because the setting, art style, and soundtrack are all quite well done."
,Recommended,269650,23939661,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Seph,"Deus Ex in two dimensional form is the easiest way to explain what this game's about.You explore a huge 2D city in a cyberpunk world, trying to solve a corporate conspiracy and finding all sorts of related sidequests along the way. The setting is rather inspired and well executed, with a proper sense of mystery and decay that'll be very familiar to pretty much anyone who already played, read or watched something in the cyberpunk genre.The gameplay is quite simplistic, offering constant combat that's mostly melee oriented, with some gunplay throw into the mix. It's possible to use different strategies as you go through the game, like taking enemies down through stealth, hacking skills or straight down shooting at everything you can see. The shooting is probably the weakest aspect of the game, but it's not a problem per se.There's a wide array of customization options available through cybernetic implants that give you stat boosts, as well as useful skills that complement stealth gameplay. You can also level your character up, which allows the player to spec their character in the way they find most useful (and fun!), and it gives that satisfying sense of progression that people so enjoy while playing RPGs or metroidvanias.Dex is an enjoyable experience that does everything it sets out to do competently. The combat has a few rough spots (and I almost forgot to mention that there's a hacking minigame that's sorta crap and will be forced on you quite a few times), so it's not a perfect game by any means, but it's a pretty good one still."
76561197977407188,Recommended,269650,11849412,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Ozyo,"As a big fan of classic 80's/90's cyberpunk I was really sold on this one from the aesthetic alone. There's a lot of potential in the design but as it stands Dex is still a way off from being the immersive experience it promises.The best aspect of the game currently is the environments; juxtaposing grime and gloom against neon and advanced  technology in the manner genre aficionados will know and love. It's a style which has become curiously nostalgic but it's thrilling nonetheless to see it realised so effectively in the side-scrolling format. There's plenty to explore, climb or break into even with much of the city still closed off and the main story/quest absent at present.Sadly the general gameplay doesn't fare so well; as many have noted gunplay is severely imbalanced at present, with off-screen enemies chipping away at your health bar often making more challenging combat encounters frustrating and unfair. Hand to hand fighting is much better but is still hampered by the imbalances and the fixed control scheme.It should also be mentioned that the experience is frequently marred by the plethora of current bugs. I was stopped from exploring one building completely as I got stuck in the doorway, while I've also had guns disappearing or requiring reloads in-spite of a full clips.Dialogue could use some polish too being riddled with grammatical errors and bizarre wording, it's a small gripe but another area where I find my immersion being broken. If the game is to deliver on its story heavy focus the delivery is key.The bottom line; as an early access title none of this should be particularly surprising. What's in place is looking very good and I'm sure the rough edges will be tidied up in ensuing updates.  I'd recommend it on this promise alone but with the caution that at present much remains to be delivered and that frustration is still a little too frequent for this build to be enjoyable.Regardless,  cyberpunk enthusiasts should keep an eye on this one. I'm sure the support will be well worth it in the long run."
76561197975748684,Recommended,269650,15766228,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dark Larva,"I haven't written many reviews but I decided to with this game. I jumpped on late development because I really wanted a more action oriented cyberpunk game and stumbled upon this one. I have yet to run into any bug that has diminished my expirience and find this game very good in it's creation. One bug though that I encountered is the save bug where if I save in an area and I load some progress in the story did not seem to be saved but it was not like it was hours lost, just a single conversation or so but personally I expected something because this is an indie game. Overall I think it's fantastic and will continue playing it. If you read through the forums you'll find out what bugs people are talking about, as for me I still think this game is worth it and as for those that don't like how the quests are handled. IMHO just shows how sad gamers have gotten with the ""held by the hand"" RPGS I remember a time where you had to go around to find out what to do, that was the whole fun about RPGs, paying attention to the story and dialogue and then remembering where to find the next clue. not being told exactly what to do is what makes an RPG an RPG and makes you think. If you can get over the slight bugs and the fact this game does not hold you by the hand on quests I say pick it up."
,Recommended,269650,25391213,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,genkipro,"OVERVIEWDex is a two-dimensional game played from a side-on point of view, mixing elements of platformers, action beat-em-ups, adventure, and role-playing games, all founded in a great original cyberpunk setting.It's the not-too-distant future. You play the titular Dex, a young woman thrust into an underground world of cyberspace hackers, violence, and retribution. Sounds good, hey?GraphicsThe graphics in Dex are, by and large, very good. From dank sewers, to dingy gang hideouts, to the apartment and bar interiors, the graphics do a great job of creating atmosphere. Busy locations are populated and areas are animated, so there's always something going on. The graphics really do portray the world well.Characters are mostly well drawn and animated. Strangely, I found Dex herself to be the most disappointing character, graphically speaking, as some of her animations and animation blending just seem a bit wooden. There are a few other animation blending issues as well, such as when a rolling enemy is stunned and then one-hit killed by Dex, the animations don't finish properly, but these are very minor.Graphic performance was very good on my five-year-old gaming laptop, with a predictable 2-3 second freeze when entering AR the first time, every time I played, as if the game was loading in resources. After that the game ran smoothly.SoundDEX is fully professionally voiced, with all interactions being both written and spoken. Most of the voices are very well done, too.Music is good, if somewhat forgettable, and sound effects are mostly very good, too. I found Dex's jumping sound effect a bit loud and grating, though, which was a shame considering how often jumping was required.GameplayAt its core, Dex is a 2D action platformer. You control Dex directly, running, jumping, ducking, hiding, and fighting your way from being a hip girl without a clue to eventually becoming an augmented hacker bad♥♥♥♥♥with an attitude.Where Dex comes into a league of its own, though, is by the addition of a great, if mostly linear, plot, a number of well-realised NPCs, and the addition of a number of role-playing game elements, such as character statistics and levels, experience points, inventory management, and a large number of side quests. The developers have elegantly ties all of this into the action platformer mould to create a game that's not quite like anything else I've played.It has full controller support, and I'd recommend using a controller, since it's much easier than the keyboard controls. That said, the right stick control being used to roll I found very hard to get used to, and would have much preferred to use left-stick + B instead. I couldn't see a way to configure this. Thankfully, the combat was easy enough throughout the game that even forgetting the controls on a regular basis didn't stop me from completing the game.After the introductory section, once the pace slows a little and your immediate goals become more complex than just ""run away"", the game falls into a rhythm of exploration, conversation, searching, combat, and completing side quests, as you build up your abilities and cash reserves, and eventually become augmented with cyberwear. After that point, although I continued to enjoy the story, I found that the game lost cohesion a bit: cyberspace became too easy and combat both too easy and rather tedious. But there was still definitely enough enjoyment to keep me going to the end.Steam tells me I've played Dex for 15 hours, which sounds about right. I've completed all side quests except for one missable collectible (and thus an achievement that I'll never bother to get), and I've had a ball. I won't bother playing it again, though, as the story is essentially linear, I've completed all of the side quests, and I can't be bothered going back through it all again just to get that one annoyingly missable achievement. And I guess that's the saddest thing about Dex: it doesn't quite have the replayability that comes with a good role-playing game; rather it's a game that you experience once, and move on.PROS AND CONSPros:+ Great atmosphere, setting, and story+ Very good writing+ Very good graphics+ Mostly very good voice actingCons:- Cyberspace and combat are rather repetitive, especially in the second half of the game- Basically no replayability, and missable Steam Achievements that make that extra frustrating- A few small bugs remain (e.g. animation blending issues, text not fitting in the text window during NPC interactions)- Game controls are not customisable enough, and I never got used to the default controller layoutCONCLUSIONDex is a great action / adventure / platformer game with role-playing elements, and it simply oozes the cyberpunk atmosphere that I love. It has a few faults, but I strongly recommend it to anyone who loves a good Cyberpunk story.I may not recommend it at full price, but it's regularly 50% and even 75% off, so pick it up on special and enjoy!8/10"
,Not Recommended,269650,15766549,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Grandmaster_C,"Story and Art look great.Movement feels awfully rigid and there aren't animations between different movements.Jumping feels really terrible, you stop suddenly, jump, land and then stop suddenly, no slide or roll or short run to slow down.There's not really that many visual or aural cues in the game, it's difficult to tell where toxic gas starts and ends and sometimes steam hits you when it looks like it shouldn't be hitting you.Saving saves the game from the point when you entered the zone from what i can tell, not up to the point where you currently are which is a major pain.If the devs made movement more fluid, added more visual and aural cues and sorted the save system i reckon i'd be able to reccomend it to others but as it stands... i almost wish i could get a refund."
76561198081029931,Recommended,269650,29774930,Posted: 7 February,all,huey.cl,"Do you love cyberpunk? Already played Deus Ex and all the Shadowrun games? If so, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,269650,24790170,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NiceTry05,I enjoyed my experience with Dex.  It has a nice Cyberpunk 2d old school feel.  For $5 this game was definitely worth it.  The gameplay did not get boring at all and the side quests were enjoyable.  A lot of picking up certain items but they were grouped well and I never found that I had to go too far out of the way to complete one.It has light Metroid exploration type  gameplay with a mix of NES Double Dragon thrown in.  The story wasn't anything too special but it wasn't bad and did a good job of moving things along.  The mini game (hacking) was pretty good also and broke up the 2d segments nicely.  Overall I would recommend this game if you enjoyed any of the games that I mentioned or enjoy a good Cyberpunk storyline.
,Recommended,269650,31014791,Posted: 8 April,all,Rupti,"Dex is an open-world 2D platformer focused on exploration, and it does what it aims to do very well. It falls a little short on the combat and stealth aspects, but those do get better with level. About the mechanics:Melee - Melee combat is all about figuering out which moves your enemy has. Block when he attacks, attack when he stops blocking. The combat becomes a bit of a dance that you just do over and over until the enemy dies. Not very hard, not very exciting. If you fight several enemies at the same time, they will attack you 1 by 1 (unless one of them has a gun).Ranged - Ranged combat is probably the least developed. You basically just stand there and shoot. Headshots do more damage. You can't move while shooting, you can't get in cover (for the most part), all you do is stand there and shoot. I pretty much gave up on this option completely.Stealth - There are some ""hiding spots"" where enemies can't see you, stealth takedowns and an invisibilty upgrade eventually. Enemies are pretty stupid so taking them out stealthily is pretty easy. If you're detected, you can just run away and wait for them to forget you.Hacking - Probably the most useful skill you have. Hacking cameras is crucial for stealth, hacking turrets makes them attack your enemies and hacking computers is necessary for many quests. As for the mechanic itself, it's kind of a bullet-hell thing where you travel around ""cyberspace"" and shoot viruses or something. It's nice but gets repetitive fast.The story is pretty good, but the main questline is so short that you don't have enough time to get attached to the main characters, making the whole thing lack impact. Still, the idea itself is neat and the characters are well written and acted.As for the open-world exploration aspect, it was really fun. Lots of places to go and things to find.Character advancement is also very satisfying, with implants and outfits (free DLC required) making a real difference to gameplay.Last but not least, the graphics are very cool hand drawn art. There's a lot of attention to detail and some unexpectedly cool animations.Overall, I very much recommend it when on sale. It would be worth full price, but it's a little too short imo"
,Recommended,269650,30846145,Posted: 30 March,all,Westy,"This was entertaining.  RPG platformer with stealth parts.Story is nothing amazing, but it got the job done; along with the rpg elements kept me interested to the end.  I didn't find it particularly difficult (which is how I like it).$5-10 dollars is probably about right."
76561198199166485,Recommended,269650,16234160,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,encephalon9,"I wasn't sure what to think about this game when I first discovered it. The preview videos showed what looked like a very exciting game, one that caters to my interests, but the reviews were highly mixed. I chalk it up to two possible reasons. One, people might have been playing a buggier, early version, and two I think this game caters to a certain demographic.I played the post-May 22nd version, 2.0.2.4, I believe. While it still has some bugs, they weren't anything too distracting, showing up in only a couple of spots.As for the demographics, I grew up on games like Flashback on the original Playstation. When I saw this game, that was the first game to come to mind. I highly enjoyed Flashback; it's one of the few games that I played through on each difficulty level. For those who like Flashback, I highly recommend this game. It has much of the same mechanics and feel, as a side-scrolling sci-fi with a compelling story line.This game also conjurs up memories of Abuse. The game's choice to shoot with the mouse and move with the keyboard mimics Abuse, but only in cyberspace can you do both at the same time.And, finally, there's Beneath A Steel Sky. These games share themes, and perhaps quantity of dialog.Speaking of dialog, this game's hired top notch voice actors. The woman who voiced Miranda is incredible, in my opinion. Though, there are certain points where the actors didn't know how to pronounce some of the words, and I don't think that was intentional.The graphics are fantastic, if you like this style. It fits right at home with the aformentioned games in that regard. Dex's animations are very fluid. The music is great, and was never annoying. The muisc would change as you got into a combat situation ala Flashback.Probably the thing I least liked about this game was the ending. But, I had enjoyed playing so much that I can't dock it too many points. It wasn't the goal, but the journey that I liked, and that is as much as anything the mark of a good game."
,Recommended,269650,12136625,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Redhotviking,"For those that played Another World and Flashback back in the day can really appriciate the feel this game has, those that enjoyed Shadowrunner on Snes and as a Pen and paper RPG will also enjoy it.I loved this, and cannot wait for it to become a finished product, the only flaws that I can really complain about is the Firearms and how they work. Reload while running would be nice, and perhaps a toggle function on X for the firearm draw function.but I am sure that such things will be fixed before the game is finished. Also a Stealth skill and augmentations would be cool. I know that there are some that reduces noice made and the two innate implants to see sound waves you make and where the enemy is looking, but I would like some improvement to stealth. Skills that reduces noice production, and perhaps something from Alpha Protocol that makes it so that once you are seen you become invisibile for a few seconds to give you time to hide again. Those kind of things would I really enjoy to see, and if camo augments get added the camo augment could improve that ability.Regardless, this game is a true cyberpunk game and I cannot wait for it to be finished."
,Recommended,269650,16559826,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,spice boy,"After playing through the main story of Dex, I felt relieved. I don't know if it was because of the ending, or the game itself. Let's just start with the gameplay.The gameplay handles as well as you would expect an Action-RPG Sidescroller, but then it can shift into some BULLET-HELL STUFF WHERE YOU'RE IN THE NETWORK. Whenever the game shifted into the bullet-hell gameplay, I felt the game was slowing down. I was bored and it was tedious. Thankfully, during the main story it isn't required all too often. The controls however, were a little clunky. If you try to aim straight down below you, the screen would just make a teleportation maneuver and bring you to the side of the screen. Your cursor would stay where it was.The graphics are pixelated, so think Metal Slug, but with a lot more pixels. The cutscenes are still images that are like a slide show. With a bit of animation.The story at the end was a bit confusing, but the game does give a bit of a twist, so hey there's that at the end.So all in all, was this game good?YesIs it worth 19.99 USD full price?Sadly, no. Maybe get it when the price lowers?"
76561197972142968,Recommended,269650,24119539,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chiken_Sammich,"Dex is a very good game.The world seems small for a metroidvania, but does not suffer for it's size.As far as the RPG aspect of it, Dex does pretty well. There are multiple outcomes to quests, which affect things in both the short & long term. & the story is fairly compelling.Combat takes a little getting used to, but isn't terrible. I had a couple issues with it overall. It seems like skilling up mele is the only way to go. And until you get used to mele combat & where hitboxes are. You're going to be throwing a lot of wiffs at your enemies. I could be entirely wrong about the shooting side of combat. I didn't have the courage to level it up for 2 reasons. Steam controller is terrible with aiming in general & using the gun with no points added to the skill, was already horrible. For example - Dex would aim at 11 o'clock. I'd barely move my thumb to adjust the aim & now she's aiming at 8 o'clock. There was hardly ever a middle ground. To compensate I aimed as close to where I wanted as possible & then just walked into position. Again, I may be wrong & throwing some points into the skill could correct the accuracy, but I didn't try & the controller's failings steered me further away from trying.I enjoyed the hell out of this one."
76561198030017791,Not Recommended,269650,34567021,Posted: 28 August,all,LuciferBiscuit,"The hacking minigame is what will kill this game.Hacking is simply way too difficult and tedious to play. If the hacking is so integral to the game(AND A CYBERPUNK ONE AT THAT), you shouldn't have had to be level 4 in hacking just to even stand a chance at hacking simple cameras and turrets, and don't even get me started on hacking main frames. The twin stick shooter gameplay for hacking is incredibly diffuclt and unfair. One can look at NieR:Automata too see how you can handle a twinstick hacking, its simple, its fast, and it doesnt take anymore then 5 seconds to finish it. Here? Every hacking is tedious, the waves doesn't stop coming, the enemies are bullet sponges, all for what? Just to hack a camera? A soda can vending machine?!Rest of the game aren't even worth mentioning, its the hacking that you will quit this game for, its the hacking that you will regret buying this game for, its the hacking that you will uninstall this game everytime you played it again thinking you want to play a Cyberpunk game to scratch that itch."
,Recommended,269650,30599502,Posted: 18 March,all,broadsword,"Yeah, i definitely love that game. I´m a great fan the deus ex series back to part 1.This game creates an atmosphere that comes very close to my favourite cyberpunk game series.Of course it´s not top-notch-frying-your-graphics-card special fx spectacle. It´s more like an animated  comic with really stylish artwork.But what´s most important, besides the great atmosphere, it has a very interesting story, maybe not perfect but it certainly gives you some food for thought. I like the developers love for detail. Sometime you accidently stumble over some, you would have easily overlooked otherwise.Like the NEW receptionist at biofarm tech after having ended a certain quest.C´mon folks, give it a try. Support the small studios. It´s definitely worth it.Finally let me give you a word of advice: Read the quest log thoroughly or you´ll miss to end some quest if you leave the area too early pursuing a major quest.Take care, see you in cyberspace..."
76561198093120771,Recommended,269650,28955963,Posted: 2 January,all,Sinker,"Oh man. This has been in my library forever, and I'm really sad it took me this long to get to it. It's sooo good. Heads up, mild spoilers (and I mean super mild).Imagine a 2d platform-ish Deus Ex? You with me? Throw in a V.A.T.S. like system of pausing the action to interact with everything in cyberspace. Still following? Now add a really kinda interesting story about mankind evolving into network connected beings. Still with me? Why? Why are you not currently in the process of buying this game?All joking aside I had a really good time. There's enough flexibility here that you can do everything like a stealth hacking game, or a straight action RPG or a bit in between (though to be honest if you don't pick up at least a bit of hacking you're going to have a rough time). Plenty of content for a modern indie game (think 20 hours if you do all the things) which is pretty decently written and voiced. I started playing with my steam controller, but honestly there isn't enough real platforming to justify it, and the hacking is way easier with a mouse. Oh, and do make sure you pick up the free DLC there, it does add an interesting bit of content and further character specialization.My biggest complaint? The main character's jump sound is terrible. And you're going to hear it constantly. I think I've finally gone numb to it though. ^_^"
,Recommended,269650,18444731,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Shirsh,"After release of Enhanced Edition that fixes savegame problems, improves UI and reworks ""virtual reality"" mode, I enjoyed play this game and can recommend it:it's an awesome non-linear open-city cyberpunk metroidvania with enormous amount of hand-drawn characters, animations, and locations. Character progression, story line and side quests with multiple solutions included, it allow to use different playstyles and do moral choices, it have hidden places and paths that gave good oldschool exploration pleasure. 4 endings. Surprisingly, it feels like real RPG, even more: looks like it's a real RPG indeed, didn't seen those for years.Full voice acting, nice electronic music, controller support (still need a fix after Enhanced version update: Unity 5 clearly have a trouble with it). Around 15-18 (it was 28 for me, completionist's run with revisiting all locations with search for hidden stuff) hours to complete.Game have some rough edges though and require some time to full sinking: arcade style melee/shoot combat (melee goes much more interesting with skill progression), crimsonland-alike ""augmented reality"" and ""cyberspace"" modes lacks of hints: 1, 2 and 3 on keyboard selects different software, I accidentally found it when had ~70% of game finished. Some mechanics a bit obscure before you get a proper augment, like the way how enemy vision works. Pacifist playstyle hardly possible, there's several places where you can't avoid killing at all. Nothing gamebreaking or anything that you can't learn if you like game though.To activate free extra clothes DLC you need to run it from DLC's store page first (it's play-style flavored hidden hi-tech suits to retrieve in game, DLC also expand some locations a bit).P.S. game video and screenshots on store page still shows old ""augmented reality"", ""cyberspace"" and UI."
76561198012764351,Recommended,269650,29955941,Posted: 15 February,all,tdjones438,I was actually expecting less. Sorta reminds me of a cyberpunk castlevania.
,Recommended,269650,28380896,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Silvarren,"When I first played this, it felt a little janky. That is, there were certain quality of life aspects that were missing. Now, with the Enhanced Edition, most, if not all of those issues have been fixed.Long story short, Dex is basically Castlevania: Symphony of the Night combined with Deus Ex, or Shadowrun. They definitely use a lot of Runner lingo.Combat is... interesting. My playthrough, I went almost entirely melee, as the guns felt a little clunky. Something about the way it seems to read input for my controller, probably. Also, drawing a gun in combat is incredibly slow compared to the pace of regular combat, and it just doesn't feel very natural.That said, melee combat is a bit different than other games. In other side-scrolling platform-y type games, combat is very fast, in the sense that you're trying to get as many hits as you can at once. In Dex, melee combat rewards patience and attention. Blocking is essential, as is being able to lure guys away or hack them so you can stealth kill them.I found hacking to be extremely difficult at first, until I realized how important upgrading it is. Also, because there's a Focus cost to just open up the hacking in augmented reality, I found it difficult to decide when the best time would be to use it. After all, you use the same pool for hacking in AR and your health in cyberspace. I eventually just gave up on worrying about it too much and just started using it whenever.Sometimes, the quests were not precisely clear on where to go, and that's a good thing. Journal updates typically involve stating the current state of things, and the problem you're trying to solve. Sometimes it will provide suggestions; other times, you're left to discover things on your own. That was actually one of my favorite aspects of the game, actually. Often, I would be working on one particular task, but then would come across a lead for another task, which would then lead to something else, and so on. And occasionally, a quest that you had performed previously affects a quest that you may be working on now.The dialogue is written well. The voice acting for some characters is spot on. The pharmicist in particular is pretty great. At times it gets a little heavy with the tech-talk, and begins to get navel gaze-y at the end, over all, I liked it.So yeah, overall, definitely worth the experience / money.For what it's worth, my play time reflects playing the entire game through and doing most quests. I missed a collectible or two."
76561197966124901,Recommended,269650,17099386,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,SeanDrake,"Just completed the game and I have to say I enjoyed it a lot, only wish it was longer."
,Not Recommended,269650,28319483,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,JoeMD,"While Dex looks like it could be the 2D answer to Deus Ex, an absolutally frustraiting hacking mini game and terrible battle system really pull this game down. The hacking is pretty much futile until you've spent enough time to level your character up about halfway and the battle is so dull it's like it was an after thought. Also, the story just gets bogged down in its own self importance. Avoid this one!"
,Recommended,269650,24357161,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Dex is a 2d sidescrolling metroidvania set in a futuristic cyberpunk world where corporations secretly rule over the impoverished masses. Set in a location known as Harbor City, you play the hero Dex, a young woman with latent and mysterious cybernetic powers who is caught in a conspiracy involving various shadow organizations scheming to control the world.The majority of your time in this game will be spent in one of two worlds: meatspace, where you run around on foot and battle with various enemies, and cyberspace, where you move around an avatar and break various defenses in order to hack systems. The meatspace parts of Dex are fairly simple and straightforward and also offer a kind of “hacking” via augmented reality, allowing you to disable opponents and cameras or hack turrets so they fire on enemies instead of you. Combat can be resolved by either gunplay or melee, and both methods are equally effective when done properly. In cyberspace, you have a variety of obstacles to negotiate and 3 special types of attack, each suited for different kinds of enemies (along with a few one-use items that can do things like clear the screen or shield you).Besides combat, you will have to interact with many different kinds of people as you unravel mysteries and complete quests, and the game gives you a multitude of different ways of dealing with each encounter. You can opt for the more diplomatic route (charisma) and convince people that your way is the best way, or just put a gun to their face or use some form of deception to get what you want. Each choice you make will have actual consequences later on in the story and sometimes even immediately afterwards. Exploration has the same level of variety, with different avenues depending on your skill-set such as a door that can be lockpicked or a vent to crawl through.Graphically, the game is kind of a treat with the way it pulls off the whole retro-aesthetic. At first you might feel that it’s kind of deliberately ugly but after a few hours of play it sort of grows on you and becomes pretty in its own unique way. The devs were also not afraid of portraying a believable cyberpunk universe in all its grime, blood, and general unsavoriness. The musical score is catchy enough and the sounds reminiscent of what one would expect from a title in this genre (little bleeps and boops in cyberspace for example).Dex is incredibly well rounded for what it’s worth, I only felt that maybe it could have possibly been two games as the last portion of the game seems almost like it could have been its own adventure. Additionally the sound could use some normalization for the cyberspace sequences, which are way louder than the rest of the game and forced me to reach for my volume dial each time. Overall though, I had no real problems with the game itself and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the cyberpunk genre, especially if you liked (D)eus (Ex)."
76561198005879531,Recommended,269650,15896223,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"Before I played Dex, I never would have thought that cyberpunk would go well with a Metroidvania (I really don't like that word) kind of game.  This game taught me otherwise.A lot of other reviews compare it to Deus Ex.  It reminds me more of Shadowrun.  I suppose there isn't a huge difference between the 2, but it's there.Anyways...  The AR hacking is a nice touch.  It's convenient that the actions “pauses” while you hack, making it a useful tactical option.Combat works well for the most part.  Several times enemies decided to do laps around me while I beat up their friends.  It's always someone armed with a gun, like they're trying to get to a safe shooting range and have a hard time of it.Hmm...  this feels like a crappy review.  Oh well, may as well post it.  The game is much better than this review.  Give Dex a try!"
76561197970662265,Recommended,269650,11924656,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,jody.armstrong,"i have been playing Dex a little over the last day and I can say it's beautiful, really cool world, nice atmosphere.  But...It is WAY too hard, I am no stranger to hard games, I grew up with a Spectrum 48k, but you cannot survive for more than a few seconds against basic 'gun goons'.  This will need to be rebalanced at some point.However, this is a great alpha, just wandering the streets is cool, woudl love to see the concept art for this game.Right, off to watch Blade Runner...."
76561198040249882,Recommended,269650,15852333,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kill Ten Rats,"A story driven cyberpunk romp through a desolate urban sprawl that rewards you for bearing with the game's excentricities by giving you a hearty dose of great quest design, good writing and an art style that's both charming and fitting to the game's overall theme.The developer is dedicated to supporting and patching this game quickly and has managed to iron out most of the kinks that stuck around after the game left Early Access on May 7th. It's still somewhat unpolished and might challenge your Triple A sensibilities but it's a fantastic indie title that is well worth your time.If you're interested in a bit of first hand gameplay, I uploaded the first half hour of gameplay to the Tubes of You.WARNING:Does contain commentary, so if you're not into that, don't say I didn't warn ya!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-29FD9akfiw"
,Not Recommended,269650,15745249,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Holly King,"This game is out of early access but it's still needs a lot of work.  It's a very inaccesible game with poor controls, a clunky interface and a confusing mission system.  There are several bugs still causing problems with combat and quest progression.  Combat itself will be very confusing at first - not so much a complex melee combo system as a weird cyberpunk game of tag.  It looks dumb and does a huge disservice to the amazing pixel art and animations this game presents."
76561198028204613,Recommended,269650,13771250,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Geist,"An excellent 2D Cyberpunk Action RPG. The first Early Access game I paid for. I am currently playing through the Release Candidate version of the game. This is a vast improvement over the initial sandbox version. While that version was fun it was more of a sneak peak at what was to come. Now there is a full story that has several voiced lines.  Dive kicks, while a powerful tool, are not as good as they used to be. The AI has improved and the combat is more satisfying. This game is very high quality and I feel like I got more than what I paid for. I will further update my review once the game is fully released and I have finished it. This will take a bit longer than the betas and I am very happy about that."
,Not Recommended,269650,15766036,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,penguins,This game is one I wish was better.  The writing and atmosphere have been interesting so far.  I like the world but the problems with the game are a bit too much for me to want to continue with it. I would definitely watch the game as if the issues could get fixed it seems it could be a lot of fun.The save system is incredibly frustrating.  The amount of progress I have lost in this game even only playing for an hour has been more than I want to put up with.  I've died a few times to places where I thought I could jump because of the art but turns out what I thought was a ledge wasn't or I miss calculated how far I could jump.  Normally this would be fine but with the save system I go back really far.  I will sometimes have whole quests to go back through.  This by itself is enough that I can't imagine trying to stick with the game until there are some changes (if that is even possible).Also the combat feels a little not quite right.  When I jump over enemies they seem confused on what to do.  Early on at least the fighting just doesn't feel great.  The controls have also not seemed intutive with me having to switch from my controller over to my mouse for a few things like equipping items to my quick item slots (although I'm guessing there may be a way to do this it wasn't obvious how).  EDIT: I tried a new play through with a keyboard mouse set up.  For the most part this felt much better except for I had trouble interacting when using the virtual reality ability in the real world.  For some reason I couldn't use the interact button and had to use the Y button on my controller instead.  Otherwise keyboard/mouse felt better by far for the control scheme.  Things like aiming your gun feel better with a mouse and it was much easier to use quick item slots.
,Recommended,269650,25912065,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Eske,"+Cyberpunk+Metroid style gameplay+Bullet-hell gameplay (Hacking)+Good amount of side quests+Choices have consequences-Short gameVery good game, well worth a purchase, has a good cyberpunk settings which immediately makes you feel like its inspired from Deus Ex, which Search Results definitely is not a bad thing, brief summary would be technology has advanced rapidly, people are now having implants and cybernetic augmentations, and are able to ""Jack in"" into cyberspace which is AR (Augmented Reality) aswell as computer hacking, what makes your character special is you dont need a jack at all, and are able to enter and manipulate cyberspace freely.Which of course puts you on everyone's hit list and from the get go you are being gunned down only to be saved by a group of hackers who ultimately will show you how to navigate cyberspace.Either way its great fun to play, multiple ways to execute your missions from being stealthy, gung-ho or hacking everything to turn against your enemies which is always fun.For the price its well worth a go even if your only slightly interested, I had it sat in my library for a long time, started it on a whim and played it til completion, very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,269650,21140335,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,dnorms,"Dex is a 2D-open-world-point-and-click-adventure-platformer-hybrid with some rpg elements, moderately recommended for fans of cyberpunk storytelling.I feel the hybrid nature of this game is its biggest draw. On the adventure side, the world of Dex is simply stunning. Every character and set piece is beautifully hand-drawn making RPG staples, like the weapon and item shops, ambient and memorable. There are a lot of really creative visual tricks used to make the city feel alive and populated. This alone is almost worth the price of admission. On the action side, the combat borrows from classic beat-em-ups during the Sega Genesis era. You'll use a variety of kicks and punches and a light assortment of weapons to take care of various baddies. It's not particularly mind-blowing, nor is it the main focus of the game, but I enjoyed after leveling to faceroll status and unlocking a few stat enhancing outfits.Alas, the hybridity of Dex also creates numerous challenges the game fails to tackle. The combat is inimical to the rest of the game. It's difficult and repetitive at the start. Like a Zen master who makes potential students wait for days on the stairs of the dojo before allowing them to train, Dex demands sacrifice before unfolding itself. After learning a few tricks, combat becomes so easy it is irrelevant, making the end of the game a drag. Moreover, the open world design betrays the adventure aspects. Often one will run into a random piece of equipment and add it to the inventory with no comment. Eventually you'll talk to a npc who will say something like, ""Oh I wish I could go running if I just had shoes!"" and your character will reply, ""Oh good thing I picked up these dusty old running sneakers two maps ago!"" As if completing a jigsaw puzzle where all the pieces are perfectly square, upon discovering a part, one sort of shrugs and goes ""I guess this will fit in somewhere."" I quickly found myself disengaged from the story and relentlessly smashing the interact button upon every npc encounter.Not to say the characters that make up the world of Dex are not engaging. They all have unique personalities and the game features a cast of more than twenty voice actors. What draws away from them is the banality of the story. I found the plot to be cliched, although it may be appealing to those experiencing the cyberpunk genre for the first time. Poor story telling is not always bad as long as it's sealed off from the gameplay, but I found the lack of innovation in the tale-telling to be infectious. Going the extra mile for secret intel should be rewarding, but most of the private information found through the hacking mini-game are email messages along the line of ""Dear Boss: The SECRET PLAN is going according to schedule, and by the way, I killed all those INNOCENT PEOPLE you asked me to. Regards, John Henchmann"" Story elements and some of the sprites are reused carelessly. It becomes insulting when you enter a base of anti-technology fanatics that is filled with the same cyborg toughs from every other stage, or have to reunite estranged family members for the third time.One thing that is wholly unique in the cliched world of Dex is what I would explain as a genuine female lead. When I speak about a genuine female lead I want to draw a contrast between the major publishers' idea, which entails giving Super Soldier X an optional pair of breasts at character creation. Dex's gender is integral to the story. You'll meet a protective older man, male escorts who are obsessed with their enhanced members, and a pervy doctor who relishes the chance to have an unconscious babe on which to install cybernetic mods. These encounters made me uncomfortable as a male, but are assuredly archetypes of the everyday female experience. The empathy I experienced in these moments, though sadly not gained from the plot as a whole, is something rarely gleaned from the video game medium.If you are looking for a solid adventure game with some combat wedged in, pick up Dex. If you are looking for a competent action sidescroller with a story, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,269650,28910530,Posted: 1 January,all,Bankrotas,"Just finished the game, so kinda not gonna be going for very objective review.Dex is a cyberpunk sidecrolling actiony rpg with platforming and stealth elements. With not too bad artsyle it strikes the aesthetic of rundown cyberpunk world pretty well. Even though animations from time to time look janky, they're practical in what they shot.Music is not annoying and feels ""techish"" enough to pass in the game.Story isn't bad and actually quite interesting. Probably will do another playthrough later on just to go through it again with more confidence on my side. On bright side, it didn't seem that you can really ♥♥♥♥ up your playthrough.Gameplay wise. Combat feels janky at the start, but it comes to it's own as it's an RPG you do get feeling of progression, but it still requires your input, so it's not all numbers. Hacking is ok, it's interactive TUTORIAL SPOILERS and since it's kinda central theme of the game SPOILERS OVER  it's understandable why it's mechanically a bit richer than usual hacking minigames.All in all pretty solid game that I can't really nitpick from one playthrough and it was pretty fun one at that. Characters not too bad, some humour, some dark and light undertones and great experience allround."
76561198025589938,Recommended,269650,19184360,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Corvus Umbranox,"A sci-fi-noir cyberpunk jewel of a game, if a little rough around some edges.Very nice game with a retro-2D-style. I realy liked the story, even though it has some foreseeable / cliché twists.The graphics are practical, but charming, the sound (music and ambient) is sublime, the voiceover is very nice (with some exceptions).The gameplay is fun with challenging combat and / or sneaking, there is an interesting hacking system.For everyone who liked Deus Ex, System Shock etc. and can do with a platformer-style gameplay.I liked it so much I bought the soundtrack just to support the developers, even if i have little means of listening to it when I'm off my PC."
76561198169783003,Recommended,269650,17189975,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,gyllen,"First of all, a lot of negative reviews are related to bugs. I'll be the first to admit that you might still occasionally run into them - for example, every seller I interacted with stole whichever item I had in the first slot of my inventory. I just put a quest object with no value in that slot and played on, but it did cost me a couple of expensive things until I figured it out. Apart from that, there are no game-breaking bugs anymore, and the gameplay itself is very logical and smooth.The atmosphere is the best thing about the game. The voice acting brings every NPC to life, and it's really good, top-quality voice-acting that you don't often get in any game, leave alone a retro 2D RPG. Open world claims are absolutely valid - I wouldn't say the map is too big, but it feels rather realistic, multi-layered, with a number of hidden quests and locations, a lot of connected stories and feuds you can dig into, and you can explore it in any way you like. I haven't tried a 100% non-lethal playthrough, but it seems possible, as is focusing on diplomacy and stealth, or hacking and guns (guns - not recommended, as many have said before me, but you might need them to break security systems a couple of times, so keep one just in case).The main plot is, as it often happens, a little less engrossing than the city and its inhabitants with the side quests, but it's a decent big cyberpunk story. Don't come here looking for something extremely original - it's more of a love letter to the genre, but well-executed, throught through and with characters you do (sometimes, unfortunately) care about.All in all, very much recommended. I got it with a discount, but felt that I've gotten enough content for my money at the third hour of playthrough, and it took me 19 hours to carefully explore everything the game had to offer."
,Recommended,269650,20239184,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dslucia1,"TL;DR: It's pretty good. The cyberpunk theme is great, the characters are interesting and the narrative is not poorly-written, the soundtrack is lovely and very remiscent of old-school cyberpunk, and the combat, while a bit clunky, isn't expressly awful. If you're into action-RPGs and platformers and dig cyberpunk settings, check it out.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's difficult to look atDexand not think of other, well-established examples of cyberpunk fiction. Harkening back to the old '80s and '90s aesthetic, theBlade RunnerandDeus Exinspirations are almost immediately apparent in both the visual style and gameplay progression thatDextakes and, when it it adheres to its inspirations, it is all the stronger because of that.Dexis a 2D action-RPG with platforming elements and a heavy emphasis on freedom of choice. While not nearly as open as the aforementionedDeus Ex,Dexshould feel familiar to veterans in more ways than simply by name. Punching, shooting, stealthing, hacking, and sometimes even talking are all viable solutions to the problems that the player is presented with throughout the course of the game, and in the style of older RPGsDextakes a hard line at encouraging players to be the master of a single aspect or two rather than a Jack of all trades. While it wouldn't be impossible to play the game trying to evenly level your stats, there's high potential for making things more complicated than they need to be by doing so.The game features both melee and ranged combat, though neither are as refined as they possibly could be. Punching feels stiff and limited as it roots Dex, the player character, to the ground for the duration of the attacking animation. It's fairly easy and smooth to transition into a dodge roll (by using the right analog stick; as I didn't use mouse & keyboard controls I unfortunately won't be able to inform on them) or blocking, but the complete lack of control combined with an auto-step that Dex does while punching makes melee combat take a while to get used to. Ranged combat, at least with a controller, doesn't fare much better, as aiming guns with the analog sticks is an exercise in extreme frustration. It's not something I would recommend trying while in the middle of a pitched fight, ironically, though I have the sneaking suspicion that it would be much easier to do with the mouse & keyboard controls.Hacking is also a central gameplay mechanic. Dex can enter Cyberspace at any time by clicking down the left analog stick on the controller, or into mission-specific networks by finding computers around the game world. While in Cyberspace, the game changes into something of a twin-stick shooter, and unfortunately the control here isn't amazing either. You get a health bar, called Focus, and an Energy bar that is utilized for moving faster or using special attack software that you can find and use throughout the game, not unlike spell books in a fantasy RPG. But, unlike most twin-stick shooters I've played on the PC, Dex doesn't automatically fire while aiming in Cyberspace, and instead you need to hold a trigger button in addition. This doesn't sound like much of an inconvenience, but what seemed to be something like input or reception lag between turning and the fire rate while in Cyberspace made the entire experience feel incredibly grating and tiring. Leveling the hacking stat and discovering the Pulsewave software (switching through different software abilities can be done by pressing Left or Right on the controller D-Pad after you have multiple abilities) were boons for my playthrough and made it much more tolerable, though it also made me wish the hacking had simply been balanced more like that from the very beginning.I won't touch much on the story. It's nothing too new, but it does take a few interesting turns and it was compelling enough for me to follow it through without feeling bored. The characters are all fairly well-realized and given distinct personalities, and near enough every character you can interact with is one who is important for a side-quest. It's worth noting that the game has a large number of side-quests, most of which can be finished as soon as you're set loose on the city or ignored completely in favor of simply going through the (comparitively short) main quest. A few of the side-quests seemingly end without any hard conclusion upon completion, but the game actually accounts for that with something of a time-shift that occurs before the player starts the final ""chapter"", during which time the player can see new incidental environmental effects or follow up on what happened with specific characters. It's a nice touch, and one I wasn't personally expecting.The soundtrack is also worth noting. As with the rest of the game, it pulls a lot of inspiration from older cyberpunk fiction. It's the type of familiar that is just different enough to evoke nostalgic feelings without being something old itself, and it fits the thematic setting phenomenally. Unfortunately there isn't anything particularly memorable, but for the size of the development team it's still an impressive accomplishment (a sentiment I extend to the game as a whole)."
76561198080704090,Recommended,269650,21560579,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Tildy,"I gave this game a shot despite not being much of a cyberpunk person because it had a female main character.Let it be known that this game was what finally got me into cyberpunk.It's so beautiful and plays so well and I got so attached to the characters. This is an A+ game.Or at least it would be if not for the following:1) cutscenes stuttered and fluttered worse than my grandma's parkinson hand.2) the periodic game-breaking bug in the hacking minigames where the avatar (and, more frequently and less game-breakingly, the enemies) turboed so hard into the wall it clipped through and became lodged in the vast unplayable space.3) the one 90s RPG thing they should have left in the 90s... the $@C%ing awful ending. I understand there's more than one, but I honestly doubt the others wrap things up any better.On the plus side, it was nigh-literary and you do have the option to climb on top of a tall building and fling yourself into the abyss."
,Recommended,269650,29017864,Posted: 4 January,all,MTC/LT | Doezer ¬ KFR,"Really cool cyberpunk game, although a bit short and ""static"" (as in limited) in its gameplay. The world feels small and some features lack (as in where do we have to go on the map to advance in a quest). Fast travel is a nice addition.Ending is nice and kinda not expected."
76561198028271942,Recommended,269650,29573520,Posted: 29 January,all,BlackMM,"A nice cyberpunk adventure game. The story is solid enough you won't be questioning the plot and the character cast is unique. The voice acting is appreciated but since there is little animation in the dialogues; reading it seemed faster and more enjoyable.I would categorically place this into an adventure game much more than an action game because the combat is not quite engaging. You will find that hacking is way too overpowered in this game and the combat is a bit exploitable (take down, trip to gun execution op). Mechanics aside, the quests will be what keep you going, definitely not the action. It’s not all a bunch of fetch quests either, and there are typically multiply ways to complete each quest.Overall, if you like the polish of indie games, this one has got some charm to it."
76561198050434471,Recommended,269650,30021048,Posted: 18 February,all,celbrion,"A good cyberpunk game, with excellent hand-drawing graphics."
76561198029646168,Recommended,269650,17202618,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,harry.kovert,"I have just finished Dex, so here is my review. First of all, I would like to mention that I do recommend the game, but I must confess that I bought it a few days ago with a 50% discount (so, it costed me 10 bucks instead of 20). At full price, I really don't think that I would have recommended it.Now, I must start by making some unoriginal statements, that I am far from being the first one to make.THE GOOD:Overall, the story, dialogues, and NPCs, are good.Similarly, the atmosphere is great, and all the backgrounds encountered during the course of the adventure are striking. The art style really immerses the player into this dystopian world wich consists mainly (but not only) of the city of Harbor Prime, and the music is fascinating.The XP system is basic, but fine (it works), and the RPG feeling (multiple endings included) is real.THE BAD:The gameplay is not as fun or as smooth as it could have been (or as one could have hoped it would be), mainly because hand-to-hand combat (which is in my opinion the best fighting option in this game) is not really enthralling. Moreover, gunfights are soooooo boring, and the hacking part is also rather tedious (the hacking mini-game in Sly 4, which was similar in many ways, was far better IMHO).The controls are far from perfect (in particular if you use the gamepad), and unfortunately the buttons on the gamepad cannot be remapped (although it is claimed to be the case -that's wrong-), while this would be reaaally useful.I found that the graphics for the different characters are not all as pretty as the ones for the background, which is a shame IMHO. Similarly, the animations are toooooo clunky (look at Dex while she moves stealthily on her knees, or while she climbs a ladder, and you will know what I am talking about)./////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////All in all, Dex is a rather enjoyable experience. The small budget feeling sometimes bursts in (considering what the game lacks, or what could have been highly improved), but what the games does well is a real pleasure for the player. It has a few remaining bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking (at least, for me -maybe I was lucky, though-).I did have some save issues, but each time I just had to load a slightly older temporary save (the game makes temporary saves fairly regularly) in order to deal with it. A lot of players criticize the save system (which, indeed, may not be the best one around), but you actually just have to get used to it. Once you are aware of the way it works, you can easily turn it to your advantage (to put it differently, just learn how to play Dex as it is; it's not so hard). Similarly, I did not have any crash during the game (I played for about 20 hours to finish the game and see the three endings, since I like to take my time when playing), but, again, maybe I was just lucky. However, it's true that some choices made during the game may lead to inconsistent situations. Here are two personal examples (with spoilers inside!):****** SPOILER ALERT ******1) Towards the end of the game, I chose to betray Raycast, and to reveal its true identity to Hammond (to be honest, I did not believe in Raycast anymore). Then, Hammond's answer was that they would get rid of Raycast. Then I immediately tried to check on Raycast, and it seemed that he has actually been killed or disabled, because I was not able to talk to him or to interact with him. However, when I broke into the mainframe, the virtual face of Raycast appeared in one corner of my screen, in order to ""support"" me... How was he able to do that? No idea!2) When I was in the ""White Room"" (the last room of the game), I tried to use the map of Harbor Prime, in order to see if I was able to use it or not (yes, I sometimes have strange ideas)... And, indeed, I was able to. So, while I was on board of an orbital space station, I was able to teleport to the Earth (and then had no ways to make the trip back to the station)... Interesting notion!****** END OF SPOILER ALERT ******Besides, while reading some reviews, I saw several reviewers saying that they sometimes got lost during the quests, and that there were not sufficient clues in the quests in order to be sure about where to go or what to do next. I usually easily get lost in games, but it never happened to me while I was playing Dex. So I guess that either these players are trolling, or they did not read the dialogues carefully enough.I also saw some reviewers saying that the combat system was penalizing, but I personally found that the game was rather easy (the combo endurance+melee+nanite blood infusion is unstoppable, and I did not even have to use my guns once during the game, except when I tried them to see how they worked).Finally, some people compare Dex to Flashback (the 1992 game), but I cannot agree. I already did not agree when I hadn't even played the game (just by looking at gameplay vids), and I still do not agree now. Dex is an open-world cyberpunk action-RPG, with lots of choices (especially during the dialogues) and customization options, in which the action part is played as a 2D platformer. It has a real hand-to-hand combat system (as imperfect as it can be), you can sneak past enemies, and you can use different types of guns. The platformer part is rather smooth, and you can make mistakes that are not always lethal. Flashback, on the contrary, is a sci-fi (not specifically cyberpunk, just sci-fi) adventure platformer, where the progression is fully linear, with few dialogues, no choices, no customization, no RPG elements, few NPCs, only one gun, no real hand-to-hand combat (you can simply use your gun to hit an enemy when he's close to you). Moreover, the platformer part is highly rigid, and any unnecessary move can quickly mean death. Actually, Flashback is IMHO closer to a puzzle-game than to an action-platformer during these phases. I can see why someone might find some similarity between the art style in Flashback and some (but not all, far from this) of the backgrounds in Dex, but that's about all I can see.For me, Dex is closer to games like Shadowrun (both the 1993 SNES game and the 1994 Genesis game), or -obviously- Deus Ex. Actually, I see it as a blend between these two Shadowrun games (without the Shadowrun-specific features, of course), but where the action part takes the form of a platformer. The adventure and story parts are similar to the 1993 SNES game, while the RPG part is similar to the 1994 Genesis game. Undoubtedly, some features are very, very, very Shadowrun-y (electrical hands, dermal cyber-armor, nanite blood infusion, artificial limbs, mirrorshades implants, respirator, retinal targeting implant, etc.). But even when considering Dex this way, the low-budget constraint casts a shadow -again- (no no-cyber armors, few guns, no grenades, etc.). I also have tried the three endings, and one of them is really cheap (the Singularity ending), another one is slightly better but still too short (""Rule the Complex""), and the third one is just okay (""Destroy the Complex""). This is why, unfortunately, I keep on thinking that Dex is highly overpriced: 10 bucks would have been perfect (making it a 5 bucks deal during the Steam sales, which can attract indecisive gamers), but 20 is way too much. To summarize my advice: I definitely encourage you to buy and try Dex, but wait for a 50% -or more- discount (as I did). Cheers!"
76561198041190711,Recommended,269650,23869264,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SeanMcMahon,"Dex is a surprisingly enjoyable 2D, side-scrolling, RPG with some extremely nice artwork. The controls are very responsive and the world opens more when you get more augmentations. The side missions have multiple ways they can be completed and will keep you busy. The only fault with the game is the cyberspace hacking I found these sections the most frustrating. Over the game was worth the price even if it was a bit short."
,Recommended,269650,15824212,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DarthLukan,"The Good:Stunning 2D visuals and art that really capture the grittiness of a cyberpunk worldExcellent voice acting that portrays the state of humanity that you'd expect in a cyberpunk-themed worldA story that sucks you in and includes sub-plots that make sense given the world your character lives inA strong female lead character with some realistic complexity (heavily assisted by the available dialogue options)A simple skills system that doesn't require a codex to understandHealthy amount of augmentations (implants) to customize your character for your play-style and/or specific areas/missionsA soundtrack that compliments the ambianceDevelopers that respond to feedback and inform their users about the status of bugs and bug fixes very quicklyThe Bad:You're reading this instead of buying this game and enjoying it!Seriously, do yourself (and these awesome devs) a favor and buy this game."
76561197969282546,Not Recommended,269650,15837657,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,nobody,"While the story and dialogue are pretty good, the combat feels really clunky. It's incredibly hard, too; you die very easily, especially against soldiers later on. You have to spam med-kits and other healing items to stay alive, gunplay feels awkward and spammy (you go through ammunition extremely fast) and stealth isn't really an option later on since a lot of enemies are immune to stealth take-downs. The hacking minigame is very simple but gets the job done, it's not fun though. My biggest gripe however is the unfair checkpoints. You can lose a lot of progress, but more importantly progress that was annoying to make.You might want to trudge through the bad gameplay to experience the decent story, but I wouldn't recommend it. Which is why this gets a thumbs down from me. I won't finish it. Too bad."
76561198052725775,Recommended,269650,18361398,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,monstoor,"Beautiful cyberpunk RPG with an old-school feel and an interesting story. Completed this in 29 hours on my Linux system and thoroughly recommend it. My only qualm would be the rather clunky keyboard controls, though they can be remapped.9/10."
,Not Recommended,269650,29373644,Posted: 20 January,all,Synthorange,Why does every cyberpunk game have terrible cyberspace combat? Everything else in this game is passable-fair but the cyberspace portions are a terrible twin stick-shooter type affair.
76561198055771469,Not Recommended,269650,26200658,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,minnow1776,"TL;DR: I don't really want to give this game a thumbs down, but I can't give it a thumbs up. It's a fun little story set in a nice cyberpunk setting, but when it comes to the wire the game just isn't that fun.The good:The setting is interesting (if not terribly unique). Cyberpunk city with huge corporations taking over everything and a heavy handed government that hates internet porn and Stephen Colbert. There are a ton of quests to do, and from what I could tell there were usually multiple ways to finish them. The skill tree caters to different play styles, and you'll be rewarded for what you choose. Hacking provides a very real challenge, and when it is done well (because there are times when it definitely was not) you feel like you've actually accomplished something.The bad:The melee combat is simplistic and boring, which is disappointing because the ranged combat is so badly optimized I feel it had to be intentional. You're supposed to rely on stealth, which means you wait for someone to turn around, run after them and press T to do an instant takedown. Also, sometimes you'll be doing a stealth run and you'll walk through a door to a guard staring you in the face. This game also has KOTOR syndrome to the absolute maximum, where each quest giver will talk your ear off with inconsequential dialogue, and the important information will be lost in a sea of exposition. I love story based games, but half the game is you listening to people talk. The hacking (which is supposed to be a main part of the game) is just a top down shoot-em-up, and anyone who plays shoot-em-ups knows that mobility is the key to survival, right? Then why does this game throw endless waves of enemies at you and expect you to sit still in one area long enough to hack something?The okay:The animation isn't very good, but it's got its charm. The run cycle is particularly annoying, as Dex raises her fists each time she stops moving. The voice acting isn't anything to write home about but its good enough not to be irritating."
76561198066117282,Recommended,269650,20853402,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,marcusb1976,"This is an underated game that should of been respectivly rated better.  I would love to see an Dex 2 someday; This is a to be contiuned review ,because i am only 2 hours into it, the voice acting, combat, slill tree, weapons, and the game play is excellent, there is augmentation skills, and the music is awesome and it matters that the music is good with the graphics that are very good!!  I love the story its awesome; Your main character Dex, is a well thought of devloped characther, and this story reminds me of a back story character that would be in a movie setting like Blade Runner.What I find annouying and frusterating is where to find places i have to go, that are not targeted on the world map. The Adult Humour in the game can be alittle over the top allot of it does not need to be there ,but an Awesome game. I  think Metacrtic should of given an 80 percent rating for this game; I think 62 is underated for a game like this, 62 percent is not an accurate rating for this game that is only exlest than a year old. I will do a final review when I have finshed the game.thanks devlopers, and please be positive always:)"
76561197990730995,Recommended,269650,25962951,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Matley,"Not a big fan of indie or platform games, but this one's outstanding. I've played non-stop during the weekend and thought of calling in sick to continue the adventure on Monday, felt back like a 8 years old child felling into a sci-fi book/movie. Story starts in an obvious way (being the Chosen One? Not knowing why? Ring any bells?), but the atmosphere, the music, the palette, the dialogues with NPC accents and styles so different from each other, and each contributing to the whole. Story combines elements from Matrix/Metropolis/Johnny Mnemonic, but it doesn't feel banal of worn out. Tons of secondary quests (and I'm sure I missed few) and an easy way to jump 'zones' so that one doesn't feel having to 'commute' hundreds of times on the same scenarios. Didn't find any bug worth, only one side quest seemed frozen but googling it up I realized it was my mistake.I've read few negative comments, most of them from 2015 complaining about bugs and faulty auto-saving mechanism, which I did not experience. Had to save and reload (frustrating a little, yes) quite few times at the beginning, but just because I took on secondary quests from the very beginning, which were way over the initial skill-set.Can't compare it to Deus Ex (it's a 2d platform indie game, not a FPS series with 10 years long history!) and didn't use a controller.I'd buy again, and I'll play again once I'm finished!EDIT:I've played ~18 hours and haven't yet finished the game.Ps: the Augmented Reality in-game are actually very nice to break up the gameplay, and to easy up the fights. Can be frustrating at the beginning, especially if you take up fights over your level or you don't know how to 'fight' and switch between the 2ndary weapon"
76561198013748285,Recommended,269650,29435196,Posted: 22 January,all,thinblueline36,"Dex is an enjoyable retro side-scrolling RPG-lite with good voice acting and a decent story.  The game boasts a large, Blade Runner-esque city.  Sections of the city, once visited once, can be returned to via fast travel from almost anywhere, and city sections are just the right size, so there's never the vexation of having to run from one side of the game world to the other.  Locations are nicely varied and appropriate: sketchy drug stores; street-side noodle shops and ritzy nightclubs; high-tech luxury apartments towering over impovershed slums.It's not a long game, 17 hours for me, and I did every side quest and explored all the nooks and crannies.  I wouldn't have minded if the game was say...oh...twice as long.  Which is a good thing.  A couple of tips if you play the game:  1)  Maxing out the hacking skill = better quality of life.  2) There is only one augment vendor and what you see is what's available, so don't run around saving empty augment slots for a rainy day that isn't coming.To the devs, thanks for the nice little helping of Blade Runner meets Deus Ex meets Matrix meets Double Dragon.  It was a lot of fun."
76561198013328690,Recommended,269650,18403778,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,rasabt,"Cyberunk ala Shadowrun, tbh. you could think this game came straight from the Shadowrun IP...which is a good thing.Dex offeres an interesting Cyberpunkish plot, mixed with the typical Bladerunner and social commentary and lots of quite surprisingly good voice-acting;you get the typical rpg-mechanics and skills, like ""hacking"" or ""lockpicking"" and ofcourse combat skills, etc. .what truly sets Dex apart from the usual rpg-crowd is the fact that you got beat`em up elements and jumping, aswell as metroidvania mixed in.tunnel filled with toxic gas -> get an augment which makes you immune to breathable hazardsmelee combat and skills remind you of game like Streets of Rage and co. , but if you want the classical gun-wielding approach it just works aswell.""hacking"" takes quite a big part in Dex and sports a whole own mini-game; you can basicaly hack everything, enemies (to stun em), turrets (to help you out) and lots of terminals or security cameras (for quests or cash/exp/item-gains).this all is presented in a lovely drawn Cyberpunk world, which sports quite a large map, which can be explored at your leisure.if you like Cyberpunk, Shadowrun, Bladerunner and co. or/and you action-rpgs, metroide-like games...or got some nostalgia for Streets of Rage this is a save purchase.with the enhanced edition (was a free update) most bugs, glitches, etc. were fixed and a manual save-feature was added in.great game, very unique and hopefuly just the start of a new series."
,Recommended,269650,18478403,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Wratts,"I saw some negative reviews of this game and I think they pertain to an earlier version of this. I'm writing this review based on the recently released ""Enhanced Edition"" of Dex, which seems to have fixed or addressed all the complaints I've read about the game.This may not be the best indie game ever made, but it comes close in quite a few regards. Dex is a very worthy example of the ""metroidvania"" sub-genre, and I'd recommend it just on that basis. But it's also a nice addition to the cyberpunk genre as well. The story and characters aren't the most original—chances are, if you're a fan of the genre you've quite likely seen a few of its tropes before. However, it builds to four different endings with some interesting choices to be made heading there, and it was good enough to feature some twists that did genuinely surprise me and keep me excited for the ending all the way through.This is supported by dialogue and even side-quests that are well-written and interesting, and to round that off, the voice acting is good, even all the way to the most tangential NPCs that have nothing to do with the main plot. The environments are really nice to look at, and the game mechanics are fluid and invite you to explore. I found myself sometimes backtracking just to listen to the background music or look at the loving attention to detail in the environments, even though there is a good fast-travel option.The combat was sufficiently challenging, but I was disappointed that there's no extra difficulty above the normal, only an easier one. On the other hand, I was impressed by how the quests don't always hold your hand and point you where to go and what to do, leaving it to you to figure things out or explore more; something I've sorely missed in RPGs in the recent past.The game has two noteworthy issues. One: it's a bit rough around the edges when it comes to explaining some game mechanics, and I had to look up in the options menu to figure out the controls of certain actions—not a terrible shortcoming, but a bit unusual in this day and age. The other issue is that, as of writing this review, the controller support is going to be hit and miss due to an update in the Unity engine that blindsided the developers and broke controller support of this game. The game devs are working on a fix, but right now, it's a matter of luck if you can use your controller or not, and that even includes the normally trustworthy XBOX360 gamepad. (I can say though that I played through the entire game with the keyboard and mouse controls, which were surprisingly good for a game in this genre.)The length is good too: it will take you about 12 hours to see one ending, and easily around 20 if you want to see all of the endings, complete every side-quest, try out everything else, and hunt down every achievement.This is an easily overlooked gem, and if you're itching for a good metroidvania or cyberpunk game, I recommend it. If both of those things sound like they'd appeal to you, I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,269650,17277591,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,rmz,"Dex is overflowing with cyberpunk, which is a good thing if you like the genre. It's not a great game by any means, and I encountered few bugs here and there - nothing gamebreaking though - but it is a great fun for someone who loved Neuromancer. It is similar to Shadowrun Returns, the difference is its 2d presentation and more action oriented combat. The atmosphere is very similar, but as I prefer my cyberpunk unmagical Dex was a wee bit better for me. All in all if you like cyberpunk definetely give it a try. Game is not that long, took me ca. 11 hrs with almost all the sidequests done, but it was fun 11 hrs. Recommended.Pros:* cyberpunk!* nice presentation* interesting storyCons:* simple combat* gunfight controls are meh* itemization is lacking (basically you have ammo, healing items and trash)"
,Recommended,269650,33140998,Posted: 2 July,all,mikehasabat,"Fun side scroller cyberpunk game. I bought this on sale for more cyberpunk gameplay after playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution on PS3. Dex has a lot of the same components: dark inner city maps with some neon, augmentations to make you stronger/faster/a better shot, lots of side quests, character dialogs. It is somewhat short, but that didn't bother me. Getting all the achievements is not too difficult, but will require a walkthrough if you want to do it in under 20 hours."
76561198020990330,Recommended,269650,31572861,Posted: 5 May,all,HANZIE,"It's a fun cyberpunk RPG. the voice acting is pretty good for an indie game. The future-tech artwork is top-notch and gorgeous. The game and its story are pretty good, as is the soundtrack. All in all, a good fun ride and a fun gameplay experience."
76561197977343933,Recommended,269650,25863559,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,idBeren,"A simple game with a well conceived and executed story. It follows many of the typical cyberpunk tropes (augmentation, megacorporations, borderline distopian misery), but manages to remain engaging and unique while providing room for character customization. The characters are memorable and the environments are immersive; I only wish it had an epilogue."
76561198043842703,Recommended,269650,29603518,Posted: 31 January,all,BigKahuna,"A great game with a little bit of jump and run and action, RPG elements (character development and meaningful conversation choices) and an interesting story, good soundtrack and old school graphics style. I bought it on sale but after experiencing the game now I might have bought it for the full price as well."
,Recommended,269650,25135562,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,101lols,I wasn't expecting this game to be this good+Good story+Good Side Quests+Good combat system+Great voice acting+And the Hacking mini game is so much fun-Saves are in the registry
,Recommended,269650,25053211,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,nanO.bytez,"A gripping cyberpunk story of post-human transcendence with a dark, mature and occasionally humourus tone, backed by solid gameplay and a worth-listening-to soundtrack. Though, in the end it leaves you wondering about the ultimate consequences of your choices.Being pleasantly reminded of Deus Ex and the Shadowrun Franchise I just had to play this in one go. It kept me constantly in the loop and wanting for more with most quests offering you different ways to finish them as well as different outcomes based on your choices or chosen skills, hidden areas, secrets and a few smart logic puzzles scattered through the game. Lots of ethical dilemmas where ""good"" or ""bad"" is not so easily distinguishable just like many games with similar settings have them. The story is told by a mixed bag of very skillfull voice actors and some not quite as much as well as bits and pieces of PDAs, emails, notes and a few hand-drawn cutscenes.The 2D platforming feels tight and responsive which, unfortunately, you can't really say about the combat. While the animations are smooth, there seems to be just that slight input delay with melee attacks and blocks. It's solid enough for an RPG sidescroller but it's definitely not a fighting game. The 2D nature of Dex also limits stealthy approaches. However the right combination of zapping multiple opponents via augmented reality and hand-to-hand combat can make for some very satisfying moments.Which leads me to the second biggest core gameplay mechanic - hacking, which plays much like a twinstick shooter and while visually rather dull and samey really helps to shake up the core gameplay loop in a fun and challenging way. It's not just a simple mini game like so often but a full grown part of the game itself. It's not punishingly difficult but if you really struggle with twin stick shooters this game might not be for you, as some hacking parts are necessary for the main story to progress or even the sole content of some missions.In the end I can happily declare this a must have for fans of the cyberpunk genre even if 2D sidescrollers might not be your cup of tea.And if you happen to be waiting for the new Deus Ex to hit the shelves and just finished every other... mentionable game in the series this the perfect timesink for some relaxed 12-16h of relishing in dystopian future fantasies and pandering the nitty-grit of human nature."
,Recommended,269650,16377960,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RogerThat,"The name, tone, and theme all paint the picture of a 2D Deus Ex game with a female lead.  If you like the Deus Ex world you will like this.  It does feel a little mechanical at times but it is still good overall."
,Recommended,269650,26795111,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Qurrion,"Best Cyberpunk game I've played so far. It's atmosphere is amazing, the story is interesting and absorbing, and the gameplay is simple and easy to understand yet tight.It's a platformer, not an open-world game, which is a point to be considered."
76561197999219692,Recommended,269650,33078723,Posted: 1 July,all,morin7897,"Very entertaining game a bit short, though still lots of fun. Reminiscent of old school 2d cyberpunkish video games of the 80's and 90's. It may require a little bit of a learning curve but the effort is well worth the reward. Overall I give it a big thumbs up n this one especially if you get it on a big sale. Well worth the price, looking forward to seeing more like this from the Dreadlocks team."
,Recommended,269650,32046289,Posted: 29 May,all,radishattack,A solid and stylish platformer/rpg with the most realistic and accurate portrayal of computer hacking ever in a video game.pew pew pew
,Recommended,269650,35099564,Posted: 21 September,all,nanafkubatman,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. 8.5/10the voice acting is great! however, there were a few instances were there was no vocal audio (bg music could still be heard) for whatever reason. those moments, though rare, really stood out.the combat was decent. i liked how there were many downsides to using guns, but they were still useful when the situation called for it.i did have an issue with looting items when bodies were dropped near doors and things i could hide behind.i really enjoyed the hacking element, though i'll admit, it took some getting used to.the characters were great and kept me invested. however, tony's characterization rubbed me the wrong way. there were certain things he said.. no asian person talks like that.the storyline was, overall, really good, but i do hold an issue with the ending. i didn't like how ambiguous it was. or at least how ambiguous my ending was.i want to know if decker is okay. if what dex saw in the trials were real or if the trials were illusions she lived based off of her fears. more than that, i'm unsatisfied with the limited options on dealing with raycast. i wanted a confrontation, for him to be punished in some way for his lying and manipulation. his reckless endangerment of other people's lives for his beliefs. in the end, we can only either side with him and against the complex or with the complex and against him. i at least wanted to punch him once.everyone should give this game a shot. esp, if sci fi is your thing."
,Recommended,269650,34688639,Posted: 2 September,all,John polishski,"This was an overall fantastic game which has only improved over the course of it's development.  It has an interesting story along with some strong gameplay elements (balancing is kind of an issue though, as hand to hand is superior to gun play at higher levels) and a wonderful environment supported by skilled voice acting and fantastic art direction.  A highly recommended purchase for anyone who's into the cyberpunk genre or enjoys 2D RPGS.Works great on Linux too!"
76561198089485894,Recommended,269650,15831267,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,FatLErroR,"Picked this up on Steam to kill some time while waiting on the next AAA release Witcher 3. I also got Wolfenstein Old Blood to pass time until Witcher 3 comes out, but so far all i have been wanting to do is play DEX. The mix of fighting genre, old school rpg, with a dash of cyber is just such a cool concept and i had never seen or played anything like it before.If you are a fan of old school rpg and also Deus Ex, you will love this game. It definately has some bugs, but devs appear to be working through them, so don't let that hold you back. And expect to get frustrated at the level of difficulty, The game is not easy, especially in the beginning, and nothing is spoon fed to you. So no  quest markers are glittering trails to follow objectives etc."
,Not Recommended,269650,28334901,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,elrond1369,Combat and hacking is imposible
,Recommended,269650,24716515,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,niet3sche77,"That was a great experience.This game plays like a sort of Choose Your Own Adventure mashup of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥s work, Neuromancer, The Lawnmower Man, Blade Runner, and a couple more major inspirations.If you like these works, and like cyberpunk-type games, you'll enjoy this one.100%-ed in around 20 hours. I _might_ replay again and choose a different path (I went charisma, lockpicking, hacking, AR, melee), but I doubt it. Not because it's not good, but because the game doesn't lend itself well to replay. BUT, as I've said, I thoroughly enjoyed the twenty hours I got out of the game."
76561197981588360,Recommended,269650,18242149,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,40GallonTophat,"Fun game, totally worth $20 bucks.  Feels like a budget game, but still plays pretty well."
,Recommended,269650,18339951,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Nel Celestine,Truly amazing Cyberpunk Metroidvania. Personally missed the kickstarter behind this and a bit sad but very glad the product made it out to steam.  Gameplay is very good with minor issues here and there that after addressing to the Devs over twitter were actually resolved rather quickly.To say this project is a labour of love to cyberpunk fans would be an understatement.Highly Recommended.
,Recommended,269650,18803512,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ashstep,"The story is a bit too complicated to learn at first, but the gameplay is great, especially the cyberspace."
,Recommended,269650,28524371,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,䷃䷋䷃䷏䷀ ䷴䷼䷝,"I'm about halfway through my third playthrough (second full playthrough) so I think I've had enough time to build a solid opinion on this game.The developers obviously intended this game to be played at least twice, as this game has three endings and a small number of sub-plot diversions. So you'll get your moneys worth. But you would be well advised to save at key points in the game if you want to experience all of it but not have to repeat too much of the slow dialogue. Even if you do want to go through the story again, and it is easily a good enough story to want to do that. You would be well advised to make a save after the unskipable credits sequence.The combat takes a little getting used to, but feels quite natural on a controller. Be sure to block often. Using keyboard/mouse is ill-advised, but if you must then you'll probably want to map punch, block and shoot to the mouse buttons. Guns seemed ridiculously under-powered, prehaps the gamedevs felt it made the game easier, as the low damage means you can handle having a sub-machine gun unloaded into your♥♥♥♥♥♥a few times. Or prehaps they wanted you to engage in melee combat more often. But it shouldn't take multiple headshots with a magnum or shotgun to bring down an ordinary man.About half the game involves a simple twin-stick shooter set in cyberspace, where you are a circle shooting at other circles, squares, blobs and dots. Being good at this is pretty vital to winning the game and you would be well advised to level this power up as much as possible. It kinda feels like they had a really good $0.99 shoot-em-up and made a platform adventure to compliment it. It doesn't feel anything like any data network that I've ever used though and can feel a little tacked on to the plot. But then it is quite good, so I'll forgive it.The main graphics are absolutely beautifully hand drawn. The cutscenes have the apperance of scanned paintings. The main character can prehaps move a bit stiffly, but I didn't notice it really.One thing which really bugged me, is the pace at which the voice actors talked. Is it just me or do most of them talk 10-20% slower than natural? And pauses for commas and periods in the script seemed a bit too dramatic. I often found I had read a short paragraph of dialogue and considered one of several responses while the voice actor was catching their breath halfway through the first or second sentence. Otherwise the voice acting is quite good, there are lots of different accents in the city and none of them struck me as particularly cheesy/hammy as can often be a problem when using accents.Another thing which dissapointed me was all the stuff in the city I couldn't interact with. There was at least one notable shop facade and numerous doors (which sometimes look virtually identical to doors which can be interacted with) which are just for show. At times it can feel more like playing in front of a pretty painting than inside a bustling metropolis. And at one point in the plot, when propositioned by a lady of the night for what one can only assume, a brief moment of hot lesbian action. And I accepted, all I got was a fade to black and teleported to her house! What, did she slip me a roofie? Firstly, I'm not the most street-smart guy, but if I were a sex-worker there's no way in hell I'd be bringing a client I just met back to mine. And I definitely wouldn't leave her there alone while I go back to work! But seriously, a fade to black! When the game is not shy to throw beautifully drawn pictures around during the rest of the plot. I'm not expecting porn, but at least a picture of the hooker-jane waling back to her's hand in hand or something. And I didn't bother having sex with the gigolo later on, but I assume it would be the same blackout and wake up a small time later deal if I did.All in all a great game let down my multiple but minor annoyances like the keyboard/mouse controls (default configuration is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥), slow talking actors, and you'll die without warning once or twice and maybe need to start again because you made the wrong choice leveling up or conversing. And minor detail ommisions which spoil the plot imersion.Apparently save games only work properly when changing scenes, so I wouldn't advise saving halfway though an important problem. But I didn't really find this to be a problem at all really. One thing I did have a problem with was the way the game seems to want you to level up your skills in a certain way. For example to win you really need the four-way shot in cyberspace. It's is doable without it, I did, and I'm proud because it's nigh on impossible.Despite all the bad things I've mentiond I really must emphasise just how exceptionally good this game is. Easily a better game than the classic game Flashback which this game first reminded me of (Platform adventure where you start the game on the run from the authorities with no idea what's going on). Although that's a rather crude comparison when the older one is a single screen rotoscoped (flashback had smoother animation) linear adventure and the other is a complex RPG adventure with shoot-em-up, beat-em-up and platform elements.8.6/10 add .3 if using a controller.oh, and all the badge rewards were pretty cool too, although I'm not considering that in my rating."
76561198027912634,Recommended,269650,28406550,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,someone.young,"Cool game with amazing atmosphere. Classical cyberpunk, I like it. Finished it in two-three days. Thanks to developers!"
76561198097715274,Recommended,269650,15817147,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,alainmontes90,Beautiful game! I wish the bugs get fixed soon.
,Recommended,269650,29132292,Posted: 8 January,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Dex is an rpg/action-adventure in a cyberpunk setting, clicks well in blend but a bit short.Pros:+ Superb Art+ Character development system+ Great soundtrack+ Neat story+ Cool setting+ Good blend of platforming/beat'em up/rpg/adventureNeutral* A bit short (Completed every quest and main story in 9.5 hours)Cons- NoneFinal verdict:8.5/10  If it had a second map, more quests and playing time it would have been a 10/10 classic. Maybe on Dex 2?"
,Recommended,269650,26719164,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Fly,D(eus )Ex: Human Revolution 2D
76561198018462978,Recommended,269650,22431345,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Contergancat,!!!Attention: Most of the negative reviews in steam as well as some reviews in the net are outdated!!!This version of dex is the enhanced version (last bug-patch 15th November 2015) - which is as I experienced: flawles (bugless at least).So if you're uncertain (like me before buying/playing the game) to buy because of the moderate metascore of that game don't falter if youre into:+ jump and runs+ cyberpunk+ story rich games (with great story and some twists)+ RPG's+ moral choices+ nice Art and fitting music+ good atmosphere+ voice acting (most dialogues)+ no bugs (i didn't experience any)+ replayability+ beat em ups (only if youre playing a melee-built)+ stealth games (playstyle dependent)things that are neutral/negative:o well i can't imagine playing this game with gamepad (i didn't try either)- sometimes (i mean rarely) exits or doors collide with dropped items so you try to interact with the item but go trough the door (yeah i know its nothing ...)just for the info:I played: a melee-cyborg-hacker
76561198026046115,Recommended,269650,22196259,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,monkeywithstick,"Atmospheric, clever, pure cyberpunk. Highly recommend."
76561198158149244,Recommended,269650,22268869,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,tuckboat,Perfectly decent game that had just enough charm and personality to make up for poor combat controls and somewhat awkward exploration mechanic. Hacking in this game feels and looks like playing asteroids on my T-9 calculator back in middle school. For those of you too young or unaquainted with that comparision it is not a flattering one. Still the game has some good things going for and I enjoyed the atmosphere story enough to say it's worthy installment to a video game library on sale.I'd say it's 5/10 and maybe a slight bump for fans of cyberpunk.
,Recommended,269650,20958366,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,kaqqao,"I originally gave a bad review due to numerous gamepad issues. Thankfully, the enhanced version fixed most of those, so I'm happy to change my review to a glowingly positive one, now that I have completed the game! It ended up being the best gaming experience in a long while.What an awesome and innovative approach to both platformers and RPGs! I've never seen anything like it. Gorgeous visuals, refreshing and original art style. True cyberpunk experience, with a well executed storyline, immersive atmosphere (!) and insanely good voice acting. Surprisingly smart and challenging level design with non-linear flow, too. There's really not much left to ask for. Maybe only for smarter enemies that have more combat manoeuvres.All in all, a wonderful game more than worth its full price. Will keep an eye on this studio."
76561198008251588,Recommended,269650,21215528,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sofik,I didnˇt have any bugs and I really enjoyed whole gameplay and story of Dex the bluehair girl. (maybe it is a Chloe from LiS???)
,Recommended,269650,20822242,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Fazzan,"I like the style, simple as that."
76561198002073758,Recommended,269650,29351482,Posted: 18 January,all,Jeffrey Mott,I liked most of it but the last 3rd to quarter of the game was just plain weird. IMO they should have ended it at an earlier point before (there was a good place to do this). But recommended for the first 2/3.
,Recommended,269650,29350757,Posted: 18 January,all,Waffen,"What a great game. Good story, good music, good voice-acting and most importantly, good gameplay. Sure there's hiccups along the way but absolutely nothing that should ever deter anyone from trying this gem of a game. I never imagined cyberpunk could be done so well, so convincingly as a sidescroller.Considering I got 14 hours out of it, it was more than worth the money.Though I wish the journey had lasted even longer."
76561198020634589,Recommended,269650,29376265,Posted: 20 January,all,awwkaw,"Just finished this game.It is an abselutly amazing game, from start to close to finish. The world is great, the voiceacting is great, the gameplay is great (althoug the combat is'nt perfect, you can do some pretty cool stuff) the only big problem here is the ending, i could have done without the last two areas of the game, and with a better ending.However Dex is still an amazing game, go play it"
76561198034162850,Recommended,269650,18433008,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Punisher,Really fun game. Put in 20hrs doing pretty much all the side quest but the main quest is short but its nice read. I see people are having problems with the save features but I never had a problem. This was a great cyberpunk game. Reminded me a lot of bladerunner. And for the people knit picking every little thing go suck a fat one. 10/10
76561198082434706,Recommended,269650,25178482,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Desktop_playa,"This is a great game!I must admit that I had an hard time in the beginning, but for me playing this game reminded me of the old duke nukem games. Except this game truly brings 2D in too the 21st century!It's entertaining, makes you think (sometimes make you pull your hear), and gets your heart rate up!The environment, music, drawings and storyline was great. I TRULY HOPE (haven't checked it out yet) THERE WILL BE A CONTINUE/PROLOUGE OR ANYTHNIG - THEY HAVE TOO MAKE THIS INTOO A STORY FOR SURE!!!BUY IT!! :)"
76561197988000877,Recommended,269650,19227462,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,McTeddy,"Fantastic but flawed.At it's high points the writing and storytelling are top of the line, side-quests are interesting, and the gameplay has some genuinely great experiences. It does a great job of combining your physical actions with hacking and crafts a unique experience. As a cyberpunk fan, this game was one of the best I've played.It does have a slow and frustrating start. Combat is clunky, guns are deadly, and a very awkward save sytem.  But the gameplay  opens up once you have a few skills and cyberware options. It still has it's moments, but overall I enjoyed the hell out of it.But, it really isn't balanced for mutliple styles of play. Certain skills are required to continue in the game and certain skills are borderline useless. Even worse, one path pretty much turns Dex into a freaking Goddess that breaks the game. There was no longer combat only slaughter.Don't get me wrong, it felt good to be a living cheat code for a while, but it was waaaay overpowered.I tend to pay games for short periods and move on, but Dex wasn't one of them. I got busy and moved on but I couldn't stop thinking about it until I finished it. Even now, I'm contemplating trying some challenge runs for the heck of it."
,Recommended,269650,30904455,Posted: 2 April,all,unixfreak,"10/10 one of the best games i've played in the past few years, enjoyed every moment of it so far."
76561197970887820,Recommended,269650,18480058,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"Dex is an action RPG set in a cyberpunk world. Woken from sleep one night by an mysterious figure called Raycast and told to run for it, Dex is thrust into an underworld of hackers and criminals as she seeks to figure out why one of the mysterious corporations who run the world want her dead.The game is a side scroller with action combat that includes both melee and gunplay. You earn experience to level your character up by completing quests and winning battles, putting points into various skills like hacking, lockpicking and combat to improve Dex's abilities as the game goes on. You can also purchase cybernetic upgrades to further boost your abilities. The game also includes a cyberspace hacking mode which plays out a lot like a bullet hell shooter only not as frantic.The plot is quite good and there a lot of quests to complete, often with multiple ways to finish them. It is engaging and there are a few plot twists to be had along the way. The writing is solid though I personally found the ending a little abrupt.Overall Dex is a fun game and if you like cyberpunk settings or action RPG's you should enjoy yourself. I found the combat a little weak but by the end of the game you are can wade through it so it becomes less of a drag. The game is quite polished with good graphics and some pretty solid voice acting from the main cast. The music is worth mentioning too as it really helps aid the atmosphere.7 out of 10"
76561198032072531,Recommended,269650,25914882,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sarkan,"So you think the game is over. Then it's not. You realize, ""Ah, THIS must be the end!"" It's not. Still more is throw at you. For a $20 game, Dex has surprising depth and is well worth the money. If you buy it on some sort of sale, it's a steal. In short, buy it, play it, love it. For more detail oriented gamers, a more fleshed out review is below.Plot: 4/5Typical futuristic cyberpunk fare with a dash of transcendental philosophy, it was still fun and engaging. The characters were well developed, quests are standard but create the intriguing story, and (unless you save a lot) your actions and dialogue have real consequences. (A couple NPCs may or may not have died by my action/inaction. I take the 5th.) The pacing is quick, and the story resolves itself before the gameplay gets boring or feels like a grind.Controls: 4/5I played with K&M, no gamepad. For the most part, controls function well. The only hiccups came more with the 2-D enviroment, navigating stairs and such. In Augmented Reality (AR), the mouse really shined and the strict NSEW format was tailored for the keyboard.Voice Acting: 5/5I was really surprised by the voice acting. All dialogue (that I recall) is acted, and most is REALLY well done. The characters are brought to life and they will annoy you, inspire you, and make you laugh.Graphics: 5/5Yes, I'm giving visuals a 5/5. You can see screenshots to know what to expect and it doesn't match up to a 3D rendered world of a AAA title. However, for what they are, the visuals are fantastic. The world is detailed (""This is NOT subliminal messaging.""),  and the setting flows from scene to scene. The still frame cutscenes convey emotion and give the world grit.Overall: 5/5Again, I was surprised by the depth and overall quality of Dex. I don't write many reviews, but felt that this was a worthy title. Buy it, full price or on sale, and you won't be disappointed."
76561198041219336,Recommended,269650,25586734,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MortyMnemonic,"Been wanting to check this one out for quite some time as I love games with cyberpunk/science fiction themes, I got this during a sale for 4,99€.And all in all Dex was a pretty fun game! It's a nice little 2D rpg set in a classic cyberpunk vision of the future.Exploration of the open world is one focus of the game and one it does well with gorgeous, atmospheric backgrounds and lots of secrets and quests to be found.The compellingly-written world, quests and story missions usually can be approached in a variety of ways. I played as charming hacker, evading fights when possible until I got strong enough to confidently break a lot of bones with my electrical fists.I started playing Dex with keyboard & mouse but switched to 360 controller soon after. I still found the controls to be a little bit iffy at one or two points but nothing game-breaking or overly frustrating. The option to manually save everywhere can alleviate that wee bit of frustration easily, though.The voice-acting was mostly excellent and fitting but there were a few instances where it felt more 'miss' than 'hit' to me.Small concerns, though, since overall I found Dex pretty great, a nice - probably overlooked - gem with a well-crafted world. I can wholeheartedly recommend it, especially when you're in the need to scratch that cyberpunk itch.Would I recommend it for full price (19,99€)? Not necessarily. Depends on how badly you need a fine, little sci fi experience. For 5€ to 15€ I'd say 'go for it'.Also, remember to download the free bonus content before playing. It adds another ongoing sidequest to the game that seems interesting (I noticed it too late unfortunately)."
,Recommended,269650,25553839,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,EdCapistrano,"Excellent game.The art is amazing.Nailed the cyberpunk setting. The city feels alive with inhabitants and even animals coming and going.The story is good, the characters are great, and the voice acting is AWESOME. I can't stress it enough, I couldn't skip any dialogue, as it was really good, and to hear the voices.Lot's of stuff to do, and some choices in quests that have effect in the world.And upgrades - you feel the character becoming stronger. The firearms could be more useful, as I went through the game firing really little, and mostly at cameras and ceiling turrets.I love games which mix playing styles/modes, and this one has a great cyberspace which is integral to the game. It's well built, fun, albeit it could get more utilities.Enemies could be more varied, real world and cyberspace.Really hoping for a Dex 2, and/or more games like this."
,Recommended,269650,25557083,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Palpz,"A delightful cyberpunk romp.The setting is decent; they do a reasonable job of making it seem like this is still a bustling city, even with the limitations of what areas they were able to put in. The art direction is top notch; the art itself also good.The voice acting is pretty damned good. Decent effort from all involved, and it seems like quite a cast. Gameplay is fun, if perhaps a bit easy at times.I think I would have liked to see a bit more of the actual interaction from the main character. She seems to be the only one in the game who mostly doesn't have a personality, aside from a few small cut scenes.I don't think it'd have much in the way of replay value, so keep that in mind when making a purchase decision. I'm not sure exactly how much playtime I got out of it. Steam's telling me 27 hours, but I'm pretty sure a significant chunk of that was paused.I don't think I'd pay full price, but I'm reasonably satisfied with what I got for what I did pay (CDN$ 5.49).Controlled support was good, and I'd say highly recommended."
76561197997660795,Recommended,269650,15880363,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,FDNinja,"A lot of heart went into this game and it certainly shows.  There are minor gripes here and there but overall this is a good game and if you are a fan of cyber punk, I recommend it greatly.If you would like to see what it's like I'm trying my first ever Let's Play check it out on the link below.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_G7FZ-sfDWnXIKvzI-oHbQO-GqWF_fw5"
76561198065867547,Recommended,269650,19053658,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,DeN_DarK,"One of the best cyberpunk RPG games with nice story, atmosphere and mechanics. It have some side quests, and few different endings + all quests are very detailed if you want to look carefully.Combat in 2D is very nice, like in old 8-bit games. Graphics are real good too. Very pretty game.Still it isn't very long - and I hope to see sequel or some game with that universe. It was cool!"
76561198000378204,Recommended,269650,21389997,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kyp,"If you like cyberpunk and action/RPG games with lots of ways to progress (stealth/fight/weapons), do yourself a favor and play Dex.The graphics are 2D, but the settings are breath-taking. The animations could have been slightly better, but with such detailed models I can understand the burden it would have been.Gameplay wise, Dex isn't anything new, nor is it perfect, but it does the job very well. The game also is a bit short, but actualy longer than I expected.Very good surprise for me."
76561198046950001,Recommended,269650,33496322,Posted: 12 July,all,Nutsaur,A strong Shadowrun vibe and retro feel - like gaming on my old Sega Mega Drive.I didn't fire a gun once throughout the entire game.Good voice acting from two of the main characters but the ending is something to be desired.
76561198032369915,Recommended,269650,30622263,Posted: 19 March,all,vukodlak,"Simply put, a very solid classic cyberpunk adventure. Stylish, competent and engaging. It has likable characters, RPG elements, stealth and infiltration, hacking and cyberspace, implants and augmentations. And of course sinister plans of corporate overlords. If you're into cyberpunk, you will definitely enjoy this ride.I had to struggle with controls a bit in the beginning, as a person who doesn't normally do brawlers/platformers. But the game was totally worth getting a grip on it. The combat still felt somewhat sluggish until about the middle, where I started investing enough skill points into melee (and became overall way more fluent with controls), but then the pace (as well as that of the plot) really picked up and Dex didn't let go of me until the very end."
,Recommended,269650,30623846,Posted: 19 March,all,Candyman!,"This might arguably be only a short fun. However, on discount I highly recommend this game.Dex is as typical cyberpunk as it gets. This game has a high focus and atmosphere. Interesting dialogs and a solid plot.The gameplay gives a big part of exploring with fair possibilities in both fighting and stealth. Since it is cyberpunk it is only typical, that hacking also has a big part in this game which consists of solid twin-stick action.If you love cyberpunk roleplay, this is a nice grab. There aren't many videogames in this genre anyway."
76561198059200217,Recommended,269650,31888564,Posted: 21 May,all,KonKrz,"Good game, good setting, cool atmosphere and quests. kinda typical scifi plot but ok. The melee is a little rough around the edges but still, this is an enjoyable game. Check it out."
,Recommended,269650,18862531,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,linuxpunk,"Highly Recomended TitleA great cyberpunk RPG with plataformer mechanics and beat them up combat. Dex is bound to be liked by oldschool players, as well as cyberpunk fans. The story has everything, evil corporations, secret groups, underground hackers fighting for the good cause, cyber augmentations and three different endings.PROGreat story.Good character design and great voice acting.Old school action, fighting kinda feels like Streets of Rage.Beautiful graphics.Free DLC with 3 new suits and mini quests to find each suit and the machine that bulds them.CONSThe hacking minigame is not really exciting and gets boring quickly. As it's a central part of the plot, you end up doing it all the time.Game is short.Gun play is not very exciting."
76561197997024840,Recommended,269650,22226687,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mamaro,"In short? A smaller version of Deus Ex in 2D.Long version? A good cyberpunk RPG. And as far as I know it contains everything related to cyberpunk:- hacking? check- cyborgs? check- combat? check- stealth? check- conspiracy? check- corporations? checkAnd, it's a true RPG. You have choices, both plot related and how to approach obstacles. You can hack them, silently take them down, convince them, bribe them, punch them or shot them. Yes, I know, no everything can be solved in every way, but still, this feels and plays like Deus Ex.Graphics? Good 2D backgrounds. good 2D characters.Sounds/voice - good sound design. Music is nice, feets the game. All NPCs are voiced, you character is not (Fallout 1-New Vegas style).Controls - simple, but you will to get used to combat. Can be difficult at the begging of the game when you are fighting multiple enemies. But hey, you don't have to fight, you can dodge/sneak.Hacking - simple visually but very nice twin stick shooter. Like a mini game.Overall, I can't find anything bad with this game. For me, this felt like a good Deus Ex style game, with branching paths, side quest."
76561197999822690,Recommended,269650,28462259,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,despiseusername,DEX is a retro inspired 2D side scrolling cyberpunk rpg. It is remincest of the cyberpunk rpgs of the 90s like Shadowrun. It is an impressive amount of voice work in English as well as game content from a czech game studio. Overall due to DEX I am interested in what Dreadlocks game studio will come out with next.
,Recommended,269650,24681788,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,farchettiensis,"I was happy to find this game, much by chance as it was. I've only some time playing the game, but the experience has been great so far. Graphics are very good all things considered; it's not one of those copy-cat isometric want-to be a classic RPG games. This is a good game, with good dialogues, good pacing, intuitive controls, an interesting world, fair character building features. The player has some agency, but not much, as far as I can tell. The story is interesting, and I am enjoying it so far. It takes place in a dystopian future dominated by a rather obscure Complex, which apparently is some sort of futuristic conglomerate of a powerful few. A classic theme, yet presented naturally. The game features also an interesting sub-system like the cyber-reality mode. It's a light, entertaining game, which stands out as a solid crpg with classic themes. I was bored sorting through a huge catalogue of games, so this one came as a ''I finally found something I can have a good time with"". I hardly think I am going to fall in love with it, but I am demanding gamer, and this met my criteria for good, fulfilled game, which can provide a great time, better at times than first class big budget craps like Fallo*cough cough, ahm. Bottomline, I recommend it if what you're looking for fits the above description."
,Recommended,269650,22221273,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kar-Chee,Dex is a game that is most similar to Deus Ex in 2D. And it is a game that i thoroughly enjoyed.
,Recommended,269650,31265539,Posted: 20 April,all,RichardB,"Worth buying. Rather good in pretty much every aspect, exceptional in a few. This game is a bit like a 2D indie sidescrolling Deus Ex game, albeit not so convoluted and nobody says the word ""Illuminati"" in it. It takes about 10 to 20 hours to play through.Technical issues:but will they come when you do call their subroutine?No problems. I enountered very few bugs and none were severe. No inopportune framerate drops, no crashes, no corrupt savegames. This game does not need a new or fast PC to run.Pictures and sounds:full of sound and fury, signifying lasersEverything is interesting to look at. Things which are supposed to be pretty are pretty. Things which aren't supposed to be pretty are grotesque. A couple of animations look a tiny bit weird but not egregiously so. All the areas in the game look visually distinct and each has its own character. The visuals are always easy to parse. There are no functional defects like enemies or important objects blending into the background, nor are there any scenes that are too visually noisy to pick the important parts out of.The music is uniformly good and always fits into the scenes it is used in. There are one or two places where it's a little loud relative to foreground sounds, but not in any important scenes and it never obscures sounds that are important for gameplay. It is quite akin to contemporary film music, designed to underscore each scene rather than steal the show. There isn't anywhere in this game like the nightclubs in ""Bloodlines"" where I'd go stand around just to listen to the music. Only in a couple of tracks, such as the title/menu music, does the composer (Karel Antonin) get to go off the leash and record something grand and inspirational.Almost every line of dialogue in the game is voiced, well. There are a few odd pronunciations and deliveries but nothing grating. The only character whose lines are not voiced (except in cutscenes) is Dex herself. I'm not sure if that's a stylistic choice or just a matter of practicality. She does have a ton of lines, after all.Words, plot and stage directions:exit, pursued by a cyborgThe writing is neat. It's genre cyberpunk, complete with corporate conspiracies, people plugging their brains into computers and (not too much) technobabble. There are nifty plot twists, layers upon layers of lies and the occasional moral quandary.Pretty much every character comes up with a different nickname for the protagonist, most referencing her bright blue hair. My favourite is that the singer, Barbara, will start calling Dex ""Blueberry Pie"" if you fix Barbara's life for her.There characters have varied and interesting motivations. Each is written as a person with their own thing going on, instead of having everyone's lives mysteriously revolving around Dex, a random stranger. There are characters who will lie to you and still feel worth forgiving, characters with trivial but embarrassing secrets, characters whom you will likely hate but might coöperate with anyway, smart characters, stupid characters and characters who are completely detached from consensus reality, all of whom you get to talk to, negotiate with and in some cases kill.The characters in this game are pleasingly diverse. They have varied backgrounds, accents, mindsets, priorities, ethnicities, ages and gender expressions. There isn't anything in this game that I would describe as ""creepy fanservice"". Some of the characters in this game are sexualised, which fits the genre, but only characters for whom that actually makes sense. There's a roughly equal amount of objectification of men and women going on inside this story, but the gameitselfdoesn't really objectify any of them. Even characters who choose to be deliberately salacious are written as human beings with their own goals, problems and social ties.The way that charisma checks work in this game is really cool. Every time the game presents you with an opportunity to use charisma to convince an NPC, you have to pick between 3 arguments that Dex can make. One is always terrible and will never work; one is excellent and will always work, and one more is mediocre and will only work if you max out Dex's charisma stat. You have to work out for yourself which is which based on what you know about each character's personality and desires.The writing pays proper attention to causality; doing certain things in different orders can get characters you'll care about killed or save their lives; some quests are worth doing early on because they will make people do favours for you for free later.A nifty aspect of the writing in this game is that all the item descriptions and quest diary entries in the game are written from Dex's in-universe perspective. They're often a little sardonic and sometimes humorous. I'd like more games to do this because it gives a lot of little glimpses into how Dex thinks about her world.Gameplay:if you prick us, do we not leak electrolyte?I'm not sure if it is possible to do a pacifist or no-kill run of this game. I didn't try it myself. Very few of the side quests explicitly require you to hurt anyone. There is one scene at the end of ""Destroy GSV-2"" where I think fighting is mandatory ☹ but it's possible I might be wrong and there might be a non-violent way to get through that scene.Sneaking is a little awkward at first because there is not often very much cover and it can be awkward to spot guards without being spotted first. It gets much better later on once you can use AR to reconnoitre ahead (in most places, though doorways can be a problem) and to stun guards by hacking their brains (with which you can pull off rather dastardly feats). ""Takedown"" kills are incredibly useful and I found myself avoiding using them sometimes just because they make some fights almost too much easier.The hacking minigame is fun and operates a bit like an abstract twin-stick shooter (albeit you can just play it with WASD + a mouse). Some of the things you can do using it are amusing. For example, there is at least one level full of heavily-armed enemies that you can completely clear without stepping into, just by hacking everything on the level and turning the turrets on the guards.Meleé combat in this game is fun and engaging. I get the impression that the designers kind of wanted it to be your primary way of taking down enemies. It can be frustrating at the very start of the game when you haven't learned all the various enemies' attack patterns and tells, but that doesn't take long. Once you do it's great. It's much more about blocking, watching for openings and dodging attacks than about raining down flurries of blows.Ranged combat is a little awkward and it's oddly weak, even if you max out the skill for it. Dex's movements while using firearms are quite slow. There isn't really any such thing as a one-shot-kill in this game and the game doesn't really give you any way to reliably win a firefight without getting winged, even when you get the drop on an enemy. Ammo is a tad scarce. All that said, ranged combat is notbrokenin this game and it's certainly possible to afford enough bullets to shoot almost every enemy, but it isn't as much fun or effective as beating dudes up or sneaking up on them.Conclusionbut soft! what neon glow through yonder window breaks?All told, I'd strongly recommend this game to anyone who freebases zyme; burns chrome; wears mirrorshades at night; illustrates primers for young ladies; puts "", Jr"" at the end of their pen name; might be psychic; spells ""Tokyo"" with an extra 'n', 'e' and 'o'; once accidentally became wholly bald; gets unexpected phone calls from electronic lobsters and needs to take neuropozyne constantly to prevent their giant robotic arm from going haywire and punching the nearest netrunner in the face."
76561198068555861,Recommended,269650,27880990,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Phobos,Very fun Cyber Punk RPG fairly short but it has a good story that would feel forced and like it was dragging on if it was longer. Fun combat and just a fun game.
,Recommended,269650,26507422,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lady_rosali,"Very nice cyberpunk RPG. I really liked both the story and the mechanics, I would really like more games to use graphics, controls and conventions like in Dex. Especially more cyberpunk games. :)I found the game world to amazing. Visuals are nice and the soundtrack is just awesome - it's not only providing a deep immersion into the world of the game, but I would actually like to listen to some of its tracks even outside of the game.11/10, would really like to see sequel (with separate disconnected story)."
76561198296620714,Recommended,269650,28993482,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr. Cognito,"This is an awesome game for a 2D side scroller!  I highly recommend it!  I want there to be a part 2, although it doesn't really NEED one."
,Recommended,269650,17449426,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,icleus,"Combine the old school Prince of Persia platformer and Deus Ex together and you end up with Dex.  This is a short cyberpunk story where the atmosphere is executed perfectly.  This game has the immersion and will easily pull you in.  Every single level has specific details that make them unique and rememberable.  You have an inventory, quests, a map, augmentations, multi-choice and well voiced dialogs, skills, experience points, and hacking.  There are a few cons to get over but overall the game is definitely worth your money and time.Some minor cons to expect:- Enemies can sometimes be deadlocked in unarmed combat.  A well experiecned player can get away with hacking, using their hands as a weapon, and not use a single bullet.- You have to spend skill points first to even be able to equip and use a machine gun or shotgun.- The AR hacking is basically a mini-game that becomes real mundane and excessive over time.- Saving is only done entering a stage.  If you die you start back at that stage.  This is actually old school gaming but it can test your patience.People who down vote on these cons alone do not know or understand what a decent game looks like.  The good clearly outweighs the negative here."
,Recommended,269650,17096403,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sciath iarann,"Cyberpunk atmosphere, great story and nice action."
76561198029670847,Recommended,269650,17291135,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MUSTALFOS,"+Immersive world+Great characters+Funny and engaging dialogue+Satisfying (yet sometimes clunky) combat system+Choices that matter (seriously, people will DIE if you say the wrong thing or you'll miss information!)-Annoying save system-A little easy once you get kitted out, though this is a generic point that applies to all RPGs, the game is hard till this point ;)"
76561197980895629,Recommended,269650,17105893,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,BigBoss424,I honestly hardly ever do these reviews as I am now purely a Linux gamer. This game is so much fun it's ridiculous. I've enjoyed every ounce of the three hours that I have poored into this game and will continue to do so in the future. The only thing I have to say about this game is be vary if you have an Intel HD Graphics in your machine if your running Linux Mint. I would suggest Ubuntu as the preference choice of gaming OS on Linux to be precise. But I haven't had this much fun in an rpg in a while! Especially with the lack of titles coming out of Cyberpunk it's nice to see the genre isn't completely dead and hinging on the success of Deus Ex.
,Recommended,269650,18339893,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Acen,"This is only my second review so be a little patient with me okay? Dex is an excellent game as far as it goes, the lack of a true save system is annoying, but other than that it seems now to be an excellent game that is going to get better very soon. I would defenitely recommend this game for anyone, unless you are vociferacely opposed to nudity, as there is a little."
,Recommended,269650,16087809,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Mince,"just cant stop playing, im normally a casual gamer but on the first day i played 9 hours of this!!! the moment you come of you'll find yoursel;f craving your next sesh."
76561198010282032,Recommended,269650,21068322,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nekura,"An amazing Cyberpunk experience. It's seems like a Playstation 1 release (graphics/ voices), but the more I play this game, the more I want to spend time in it's world.After winning the game several times, let me tell you don't waste time with firearms in this game (only thing they are good for is shooting cameras, and even then you have to upgrade to not suck at that). Even the shotgun is like trying to beat someone to death with a wiffle bat. If you sell all of your guns/ ammo, you're going to be a happier cyberpunk.Ramping up your hacker ability to the maximum is a good investment.The fact that the DLC (costumes) are built into the game is an amazing plus, and I salute the developer for not being greedy asshats!If they release another cyberpunk-style game, I'll grab it release day!"
76561198033405262,Recommended,269650,20862496,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Henne,"The pros:- Great cyberpunk story- Interesting characters with good voice acting- Very cool merger of RPG and sidescrolling elements- Beautiful environments. The areas in the game simply do look gorgeous. Overall the game is really really pretty.- Good value for money. It took me about 12 hours to finish the game (I think I didnt miss too much) and for the asking price that is a good value of Money/Hour in my book.The cons:- I did encounter a few bugs, though nothing gamebreaking. The most annoying one was a bit of screen tearing that the Vsync option that the game provides you with sadly didn't fix.- It isnt always easy to figure out where the level ends and the background begins. I jumped to my death multiple times simply because I thought a piece of background was actually a platform that one could land on.Overall, is the game worth picking up?:If you love Cyberpunk and if you love RPGs then you dont want to miss out on this game. I would recommend it without hesitation."
76561198006647676,Recommended,269650,23939595,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,psimage,"Great art and setting, reminded me a lot of the older cyberpunk games like DOS Neuromancer and Genesis Shadowrun.  I loved that almost all of the missions had various ways to proceed (stealth, combat, exploration).It was fairly easy throughout - like so many 'stealth' games, difficulty only appears to affect combat and so there was no option for a more difficult stealth/exploration experience.  And the hacking/AR minigame, while fun, was waaay too easy since there are no penalties for failure."
,Recommended,269650,24197626,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,wadeithan,"This was a great little gem of a game. It nails the classic, William Gibson-esque cyberpunk setting better than pretty much any other game I can think of (trenchcoats and sunglasses for everyone!; garrish neon, sleek chrome, and dingy gray all co-mingling; etc.), though the plot is somewhat generic ""hackers vs. corporation/shadow organization"" story that you often see in cyberpunk literature and media.It plays well, reminding me of a modern, somewhat more action focused take on a Flashback-style game, with a Geometry Wars-lite hacking minigame thrown in. You run around a focused (some would say ""small"") open world taking on quests to help the downtrodden and fight the power while raising funds to augment yourself in order to more effectively continue helping the downtrodden and fighting the power. That makes it sound a bit repetitive, and I guess it is, but it doesn't feel that way, especially given the game's pacing and how interesting many of the sidequests are. There are even moral choices for you to make, though it seems like there are only three or four that will end up having a significant impact on the ending, which may limit replay value.There were also times I ran into a few minor bugs, such as character portraits not changing when speakers change in dialogue or brief periods of stuttery movements from the main character, but none were game-breaking and they only happened once or twice each. Speaking of movements, while the sprites are all well-designed and interesting, there were some somewhat stiff, awkward animations at times, particularly with background characters. It was often easy to overlook, but other times, it was distracting or comical. For instance, one location featured background characters who were supposed to be dancing seductively, but it ended up looking more like they were attempting to do the Robot.Overall, though, the good far outweighs the bad with this game, and the few bad things are relatively minor in most cases. If you like action-adventure games with a helping of RPG-like progression or need a cyberpunk fix, I suggest you giveDexa shot."
,Recommended,269650,15805294,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dragoslove,"Edit: Most of the bugs have been resolved.  Play Dex!Excellent game.  I would wait a few months to play it though.  Its very buggy, and some of the bugs can actually impede further progress in the game.  The most serious ones were fixed today, but some still exist.  The game itself is set in a dystopian future with copious amounts of drugs, computer hacking, and corporate abuse of power.  The combat system supports melee, guns, and hacking into opponents implants, and all three options are viable.  This is not a stealth game, but the stealth elements are well done, especially if you buy the implant to see enemies field of view.  My only real complaint other than bugs is that the ending feels railroaded.  I really wanted a story option that wasn't present.Even with all the negatives, I would consider this a must play for the story and setting alone.9/10"
,Recommended,269650,15879944,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Feideri,"Dex turned out be a really enjoyable experience after the most disturbing bugs had been ironed out. The game world is very well realized and really nails the gritty cyberpunk feel. Most of the characters are well done and fit their surroundings. Also the art style and soundtrack in Dex are spot on.Gameplay-wise Dex is pretty solid and provides enough variety when making your way through the game. Only real complaints about the gameplay are the lackluster gunplay and the some what boring hacking scenes. The story is good enough to justify the gameworld although nothing mindblowing. Also some of the story concepts might remind bit too much of Gibson's Neuromancer, but that is a minor complaint.All in all Dex is a great achievement considering there is a small indie studio behind it. It is also probably the closest thing to Neuromancer I have ever played."
76561197981303418,Recommended,269650,15908555,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,TheRev,"I think ""ambitious and flawed"" pretty much covers this one. And I would say the ambition just about outweighs the flaws. It comes across like it was developed by a group with a whole lot of talent, vision and enthusiasm, but short on experience and an eye for detail (not to mention time and money). Y'know, like this was only their second game or something...The TL;DR of it is I enjoyed the game in spite of its problems. I'm glad I gave Dreadlocks some cash, and if they make something else I'd definitely give them more just to see what they do next. Given the massive difference from their first game (""Rune Legend"" - thanks Wikipedia) to this one it's clear they had no intention of staying in their comfort zone and I think that justifies some of the mis-steps and certainly deserves some respect. The game has a cubic assload of atmosphere, the world feels cohesive, and of course you get to be a street-fighting, gun-toting cyborg, which has never yet been a bad thing. Well, except Robocop. Being Robocop has always looked like it would suck.The biggest problems for me weren't even those bugs and niggles of a small inexperienced developer, but the ones Dex shares with it's AAA brothers and sisters - not least the ongoing problem of how to make hacking work in a game. Here it's a low-rent shmup, and while it isn't *bad* as a game mechanic it really struggles when it's expected to carry some fairly dramatic moments in the story, especially when (spoiler? ish?) it also has the recent Deus Ex's problem of reducing huge choices about the fate of your character and all of humanity down to a question of which button you push and a quick cut-scene.Add to that the lacklustre and anticlimactic ""boss fight"" with the GSV-2 and Dex is in good company with the likes of Bioshock and-don't-think-I-can't-see-you-skulking-back-there-Half-Life-2-I-don't-care-if-it's-been-over-a-decade-I-will-never-ever-forgive-you. Cough. Luckily Dex still had a fair bit left to go at that point so isn't quite the spanner in the works that it could be. I guess my point is that if I'll let games from experienced developers with buckets of cash off for dropping the ball like that then I'll sure as hell forgive Dex and co when I definitely enjoyed the overall experience."
,Recommended,269650,17736608,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kiro Lyriq,"Ive bought this at full price. Not dissapointed yet, because I am hoping for some free content update. Then will my recommendation become full and Ill be happy to support Dex further. :)"
,Recommended,269650,26578594,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Big Feta,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME.If Deus Ex HR was a 2D platformer, it would be this game. Everything about Dex feels excellent.Graphics are not the focal point of this game. However,  Everything (including the art style and deliberate use of clunky character polygons) gives rise to an artistically comical, yet ultimately fascinating cyberpunk vibe.I wish there were more games like this. Thank you to the developers for continuing the DIY approach to video-game story-telling.Overall 9 / 10"
,Recommended,269650,24234019,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FleetCommand,"So, you're DexCan you imagine how a 2D side-scrolling open world action RPG looks like? I couldn't. But we have a blue haired protagonist in a cyberpunk world and I wanted to see it. Probably you should, too.13807001You're playing Dex, a blue haired young girl who wakes up in her bed and finds herself being chased. Apart from the very first section where you have a specified place to reach, you can move freely in the beautifully crafted 2D city of Harbor Prime. The whole city is truly amazing! A great mix of the modern future with the reality of the lowlifers. Sometimes you feel you just have to stop and inspect the ads or the graffities on the walls. And you do all these while listening to the pretty nice music themes associated with each district.Close your eyes, little birdThe game comes with a few localization included. I haven't checked this before purchasing and I was totally surprized that the game even supports Hungarian. And mostly it's a great localization, but at some (not much, only a few) places it was mixed with the original English texts which caused some confusions. I was doing a mission and I had two dialog choices. Unfortunately both of them were the same. The only difference was that one of them was in English, the other one was in Hungarian. Because they were the same otherwise, I could not decide what to choose. Picked one randomly, it turned out I just refused to help that person further. So yeah. And the translation also had some spelling errors in it. Despite of this, it's still a very nice addition to have and I'm grateful for the developers that they were doing this.They are coming for youYou can develop your lovely character by putting points to her abilities when leveling up and you can get augmentations too. Plus, there is a free DLC you should install which provides three special suits to choose from with unique abilities. You can get the one which suits your playstyle.Once you start doing missions, you can fight, shoot, run. And you can also enter the cyberspace to hack vending machines, cctv cameras, enemy turrets and computers. For real-life fights you use your health pool, for cyberspace hacking you use your focus points. Once they are gone you are dropped out from the cyberspace and suffer a little damage too.Spending skillpoints is possible on hacking abilities, weapon mastery, agility, etc. I played through the game by not putting a single point for weapon mastery since I preferred hacking myself through it. So if you want to blast through with weapons, or want to hide and go through vents as much as you can, you can totally do that. That was not my style however, so I rather stunned people by hacking then got close and beat them. To ease this process, I got a health regen augmentation and a suit which regenerated my focus points over time. After getting that, plus the proper skill points, I was just fine with my fists.Tomorrow's a new world, little birdThe artstyle of the game is amazing, the music is fantastic, and while the characters are not exactly high-res models, it's a pleasure to look at them. I experienced some microstuttering in the scrolling when I was running through the districts without stopping, but it wasn't a huge deal. You can save, but it doesn't really saves your actual progression rather it seem to be saving the status of your game when you entered to the area. So if you want to make sure you don't lose any of your progress when saving, you need to go through a loading screen first by going another district or another part of the level and save the progress after that.ProsThe city is beautifully made. Amazing neon lights, beautiful graffities. It's a living city, it feels real.I liked the musicThe story is nice too, despite the fact that you can predict it at some pointThe hacking is fun once you get the upgradesThe controls are responsive and works like expectedGreat voice actingConsSome microstuttering while scrollingYou don't get recommendations on the quest order so it's easy to start doing something you don't have the ability forWhile I loved the story, the ending was a little overcomplicated and you have more questions than answersGet the game if you'd like to play a truly amazing cyberpunk game with nice 2D graphics and story."
76561197999311857,Recommended,269650,24465070,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ChaosEvolution,"Dex is a nice game, sure it isn't long but instead very compact, every place feels like it could really be in a real city and has its own feeling to it where other 2D games get repetitive after a while and I really like that. The Cyberpunk-atmosphere is really good and additionally I liked the combat-system (melee, guns are just not as interesting), especially the part at the beginning where you literally are just a normal person to which every single enemy is a threat. And the story, well that is something I think everyone should decide for themselves.Two additional things more:-If you don't know to go melee or ranged, go melee it really gets used more and is more interresting (imo)-Download the Extra-Outfit-DLC, it's gratis but it doesn't get downloaded automatically (nice little addition)"
76561198125471582,Recommended,269650,15907029,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Wintermute,"This is definitely a very enjoyable game.  If you like cyberpunk, 2D gaming with an incredible art style, and RPGs, definitely check this out. I'm already on my second playthrough, the first coming in at around 18 hours I think, and while it does have a few flaws, I highly recommend this game.The Pros:- Great, engaging story with an awesome female protagonist- Overall the combat is fun, especially melee- The characters are great- Exploring the world is a lot of fun too- Good length, left me feeling with a wanting more feeling, but I prefer that to overstaying their welcomeThe Cons- While the melee is great, it would be cool to be able to use weapons, and though youcan upgrade your fists, it would still be cool to have some cool cyberpunk style weapons,especially since the enemies have them too.- The gunplay is pretty awkward, especially if you're using a controller- Be cool to also customize your character a bit, or buy different outfits for her, but that's slightly nitpicking, and Dex still looks very awesome.Overall I would easily give this game a 9.  I enjoyed it quite a bit and am looking forward to my more stealth-style second run through."
76561198030065724,Recommended,269650,16152097,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Faost !?,"Great Cyberspace Game!Different, kind of old-schoolish, side-scrolling, but with many layers. Story is interesting & you can definitly see and feel the love the devs put in, in this game.Haven't finished it, may update review someday in the future."
76561197982925323,Recommended,269650,11950419,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Gimus,"I have changed my opinion on this game after release of the newest update with Czech subtitles and some changes in game itself, mostly improvements. I played this game first time when it was released in early access version, but now, after mentioned update, this game became perfect. It is so cool, I love this kind of science fiction cyperbunk! Wonderful even in 2D! The gameplay is balanced and full of enjoyable content. Some things are surprising and you will not be bored. You will gobble this game, really, try it. I recommend it :-)"
,Not Recommended,269650,28500397,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"This game's alright but the hacking minigame is awful.I want to give this game a recommendation for having charm and not being terrible, but then I remember that stupid hacking minigame you made me play.Nope."
76561198004074144,Recommended,269650,22204353,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Rasodo,i loved it very much thank you for this game it's interesting and very fun to play.
76561198008257831,Recommended,269650,28303712,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Void,"Really nice game, totally worth it! Would be worth it even without the sale!"
,Recommended,269650,29450781,Posted: 23 January,all,Saito Nakamura,"Well, the game is great. The only two dissapointments are:1. No protagonyst voice acting in dialoges. Without it, it really loses half of the atmosphere2. UGLY persons faces (that aren't in the dialoges), it makes me fell upsetOtherwise, its 8/10"
,Recommended,269650,24467529,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Emod,"While not a unique theme, Dex presents the player with a fun cyberpunk storyline that asks many of the same questions often found in cyberpunk literature (morality, humanity).  The majority of the game, including side quests, can be completed in less than 20 hours.  This is long enough to gain a connection with the main character, Dex, and reveal the world in which she lives without being so long as to challenge your attention.  Combat and hacking are a little underwhelming, but not to the point of being detrimental.  Overall, it was a good game that I'd recommend to friends."
76561198025093178,Recommended,269650,17219355,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ihKu47,"If you like tags given to the game make you curious, you will undoubtedly enjoy Dex. The city seems large, cyberpunk and alive, there's all plenty of quests to do and they're well enough written to feel interesting one after another. Voice acting is actually a fair bit better than you can hear in the trailer, I have no idea why the devs chose those lines to represent their game as they're crappier than average. My only gripe is the main character's running animation and her jump noises, which both seem goofy at first but you grow used to them soon enough. One portion of the update screen also requires meticulous placing of your cursor to keep the skill description showing, but that's only a minor nuisance.Some of the reviews still on may mention bugs but the game was patched several times in the weeks after its release, and I haven't yet ran into anything myself.TL;DR: You like the setting and the genre, get it and enjoy it!"
76561198053411483,Recommended,269650,16882702,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,nineite,"Old fashioned cyberpunk, fantastic! I'm only an hour in but it's been a good ride thus far. Voice acting is good, inventory isn't hard to navigate, it looks pretty and runs smoothly. The menu system is a tad strange but not terrible. I don't know many places to get decent cyberpunk that isn't an FPS (not that FPS aren't good). Try this out!"
,Recommended,269650,17052759,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Epicje,"The game is visually stunning. The world seems alive, the colouring and atmosphere is intense and it feels like you're actually in this world. For the platforming, it's actually really solid, something that I'll admit, didn't expect at all.Lots of people compare this to Deus Ex with good reason. There are choices and consequences that help or upset the balance throughout the playthrough. Eventhough I haven't finished it yet, it's deffinatly worth the effort for anyone that likes to have choices, consequences, great visuals and so far, a good storyline.There is, however, one thing that gets on my nerves, simply because the console versions have it and for some reason, the PC version doesn't: A save function.The autosaves are only whenever you enter a 'big' area (or hub) and thus, not smaller ones. I've been doing a whole series of quests, been ported from 1 'big area' to another and it didn't save. I died after 30 minutes of finishing up the quest, then found myself all the way back at another 'big area' and thus losing 30 mins of my game.I went around this 'issue' by walking off the screen so it saves, then get back in. But why is there a save function on the consoles and not on the PC?Other than that, combat seems clunky and takes a lot of getting used to. For some reason, I take way too much damage, from certain enemies, then none at all because the enemy just flees.Still, despite the above mentioned gripes, this is a very solid and atmospheric 2d action/adventure/roleplaying game that's already begging for a second playthrough while not even being done with it yet.Not going to give it a score as those are redundant, but it's definitly high up in the top of 'really nice games'.This is an edit - I'm not going to delete half the comment or use strikethrough.There now IS a safe feature, after the recent update, which is a huge plus.Thanks to the developer to keep supporting the game!"
,Recommended,269650,17311670,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"Update... the game has been updated so imagine my first sentance of the actual review becoming null over time. The recent update is pretty substantial in regards to the mechanics too.You know this game is pretty good, but I just wish it was better. If any one single aspect was done better... it'd be a really amazing game. With that said, its a solid playable title as is, and still pretty enjoyable. It does a good job at everything it does, all the styles it tackles, but good in like a 7 out of 10 kinda way. It's just no system, rpg or combat, is as complex as you would hope. Platforming, trading, hacking, shooting, leveling, all kinda 7 outa 10ish. Level design, story, and everything else, on average 7. Weird thing this 7 outta 10 rule applys to literally everything UI is great, but, guess what, it's slightly broken fullscreen. Still, this game does one thing PERFECTLY, it attempts to make a game I actually want to play and it does it. 20 bucks aint bad for how good the game actually is. I'm giving this game comparisons to something like deus ex, megaman/metroid, idk, legends. So yeah, go for it.... maybe it will encourage people to make more like this."
76561198207232532,Recommended,269650,16887322,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,girardinbill,"Great game! I've had it since early beta. I thought it sounded interesting so  I picked it up on sale. At that time you could'nt really do much. All that could be done at that time is a little running around in a few areas and maybe two side quests. I was a little disapointed so I just forgot about it till a few days ago.My daughter and I were talking about future tech and what not recently. Somehow this got me to thinking about dex when I was on steam. When I booted up I was plesantly suprised to find a full game!The game itself is kind of like castlevania or metroid with more of a rpg twist. Story has a blade runner deus ex feel to it.The action is pretty good for control except the gun control is a little bad, at least when using a controller.Overall I really like this game a lot and its one of my favorites that I've got off steam since I got my alpha console earlier this year. I strongly recomend this game to anyone that likes castlevania, metroid, deus ex, or just good sci fi in general.To the developers: this would make a great addition to xbox one and ps4."
,Recommended,269650,15787013,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,codhand,"Dex is good old-fashioned PC gaming.  I haven't encountered hardly any bugs, and certainly nothing game breaking (Windows 7, 64).  Save system should be better,  UI should be more dynamic on a gamepad (equpping items requires keyboard and mouse), but these are small complaints in what is otherwise an excellent and engaging action-adventure  game.Writing is good.  Spoken dialog is refreshing with actors & actresses, taking their time to inflect accents, and emotions.Lots of outcomes are determined from choosing various lines of dialog during the game's many conversations.Cool side missions, that aren't always fetch quests, have multiple phases, and often involve several characters.Game is pretty progressive by virtue of having a female, bi-sexual lead character.  Also the game doesn't shy from the seediness of creating a convincing urban dystopia.Music, is uniformly great.  Moody, dark, and atmospheric.  Perfect blend of organic and synthetic.  Dirty, gritty, lived-in sort of feel to it all.Upgrades to your character add a 'metroid-vania' aspect to the whole experience.  New abilities mean access to new areas.The hacking mini-game wont win any awards, but compare to hacking games from AAA titles, and it is clearly more engaging, than the average.Overall just a great experience that harkens back to old PC Adventure gaming, but with added benefits of tight combat and a dynamic movement system."
76561198052555059,Recommended,269650,15784673,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Michlbert,"Nice atmospheric world, awesome writing and voice acting, choices and different solutions for quests!"
76561197974105367,Not Recommended,269650,28118672,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,METAL,"i really, really want to like this game. i like the cyberpunk setting, the atmosphere, the voice acting, the choices, the upgrade system, the side missions, the characters,,, its pretty much deus ex in 2D, only with a female protagonist. but the combat is what keeps me from liking the game.its frustrating to defeat an enemy. even when you can dodge, block and roll around, you still get hit. especially hard when you have no firearm and you have to fight off one with an automatic who depletes your health before you can reach him. and even if you have a firearm, you do not much damage to them. more frustrating is when you are surrounded by 3 enemies and one of them has a firearm.you can be stealthy and take down enemies from behind, but the rather taller ones you can not. being stealthy sound good but this does not last for long. once you enter a door, an enemy or even 3 see you right away and attack you at once. you have no chance before that to hide or anything to prevent being spotted.hacking is also frustrating because you get attacked by a never ending swarm of viruses that its impossible to stay at one spot to complete the hack. deactivating a camera or turret gun turns in to a mission impossible.because of this, upgrading is impossible. defeating enemies and hacking gives you experience and these level up your character that unlock one skill point. you get money as well but you spend your money mostly on health packs that you have no money left to buy upgrades or other useful stuff to help you out. there are healthpacks throughout the levels, but once you have used them, regardless how much health you have, they are permanently depleted."
76561198067014110,Recommended,269650,25873199,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Strawhatninja777,If if deux ex and metriod ♥♥♥♥ed this would be the kid.
,Recommended,269650,25882667,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,☃ Reippi,Cyberpunk RPG with mix of Deus Ex and Metroit!Right now it's on sale for 5 bucks!It's a STEAL!
76561197970355621,Recommended,269650,18399267,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,endolex,"Longer than you might think, but in a good way. Story takes some obvious inspirations from Deus Ex games and the Shadowrun universe, so no single element appears terribly original, but it is all put together in a good and atmospheric way. The wonderful music and voice acting, combined with the beautifully drawn graphics do a lot for immersion in this little cyberpunk gem."
76561198013026902,Not Recommended,269650,34470709,Posted: 24 August,all,The Jaguar,"I wanted to like this game.  After all it does have its pluses: great setting, interesting story, fun characters, decent roleplaying.But the AR and computer hacking elements of the game are hideously bad; They're just poorly done.  And  the combat is pretty clunky and uninteresting.  And these flaws are enough to drag the rest of the game down."
76561198166620870,Recommended,269650,25977032,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Recommended for you if:(a.) Your potato can't play Deus Ex: Mankind Divided(b.) You loved Deus Ex but always wanted a female character but were not smart enough to mod the game TO have a female character(c.) You need a new Cyberpunk game fix... you addict(d.) You are a fan of 2D metroidvania games with stealth. Are you the type that likes the option to not kill anyone?Interesting world and characters. Obviously aimed toward a more mature audience, plays like you'd imagine a 2D Deus Ex would. Many nods to Deus Ex, Metroid Prime, Watch Dogs and the cult-classic movie called Hackers.The voice-acting is sometimes great, and sometimes questionable. The combat is decent but it's cool you can play with stealth and perform take-downs and hide in the background behind objects (think Mark Of The Ninja). You can get augmentations and hack stuff too. It's an rpg through and through though so you do have a character sheet to level up and improve certain things. Hack bots, computers an security systems to your benefit ;)The animation and art style are really cool, I personally love to just watch how the foregrounds communicate with the backgrounds, it adds a certain atmosphere to a game.Great control response with an Xbox 360 controller. You can choose between 30fps or 60fps and any resolution. Runs like butter, I do recommend you to go blue and jack yourself into this Harbor Prime! -Oh wait..."
,Recommended,269650,24716771,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Fo,Imagine the lore of Gibson's Neuromancer combined with open world and character progression fromDeus Exwith aesthetics ofGemini RueSounds good?
,Not Recommended,269650,25200575,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ChaZcaTriX,"THIS REVIEW IS ONLY ABOUT THE LINUX VERSION.This game is poorly optimized: without VSync the screen tearing is unbearable (up to a third of the screen width on a 1920x1200 monitor), and VSync is very performance-demanding (16-20 FPS on a GTX970 is unacceptable for a 2D game).The system specs are AMD 860K / 16 GiB RAM / GTX970 4GiB / 1920x1200@60 / Ubuntu 16.04 64-bit."
76561197971308505,Not Recommended,269650,25246764,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Swiskon,"Dex:In short I enjoyed this games. The story was intriguing enough and gameplay, if a bit easy, mostly fun and somewhat mixed. I can however not recommend this because of its many flaws and unfinished feel.From a technical perspective the controls for...a controller is broken. It works but only for a handful of buttons. So you change button layout and end up with weird controls where you for example have to aim and shoot with just one hand. At one specific place in the game it started too lag like crazy and when I went to the final room in the area I couldn't see anything until I, by cheer luck, entered a computer. I could use it but not read any info in there.The platforming of the game is in my humble opinion way to small. There is a place in the game with timed runs and “hard” jumps. It is however just one location. Most of it is like platforming in a FPS. It's needed for getting you from one place to another, no more, no less. This should have been the main gameplay if you ask me but they've focused on the fighting.For the beat'em up parts and shooting. The shooting is really bad. One of the reasons for this is of cours the controller issue mentioned earlier. But it also lacks speed and fun. You have to stop to shoot like old resident evil games but instead of slow zombies creeping ever closer, you have thugs running in to you and others pepper you with bullets. You sorely need to focus on fisting (I know what I just wrote). The fighting is fairly good in the beginning. You feel like you have to level up to be able too beat everyone. However, when you get good (and get constant healing upgrade) it's monotonous and easy. You just hit one button and sometimes hit up and the same button too reach further.They seem to have able you to go by things like a rouge but this is way harder and you get nothing for it. It is so easy to just kill everyone (Some places you had too level up first) and it gives you stuff and XP to do it whilst sneaking, I'm saying it again, GIVES YOU NOTHING. I have no Idea why I hacked the cameras. Maybe they where suppose to alert the guards but that never happened too me. I though I would get a consequence in the story. Something in the lines of: “we saw you go there and get info so now that person is dead.” This never happened.The hacking. The hacking was the easiest. I never felt like I needed to upgrade the hacking skill (it was needed for “Live hacking” on turrets and cameras but I'm talking about the computer hacking now). When you hack you get a mini game. You're like this little aircraft shooting down viruses and trojans. The problem here is that turrets in this minigame doesn't see you from a distance so you kill all of them without problem. If you don't level up some places takes some time due to how weak your shots are. Other than that you should never have a problem. Also, after the two first times you will never encounter anything new, no variations at all.The story and RPG is what I think they focused on. This is unfortunately also very unpolished. The story is fine. The game is not long enough to have an epic adventure but it's cool. Unfortunately the ending SUCK. Yes there are more than one ending but the one a chose just showed a short clip of me changing. Nothing more. I do not believe the others are better. It's not only the anticlimactic end-video but also the end level and boss. This was the WORST bossfight I have ever played. THE WORST. It feels like they rushed it at the end which is a shame.I don’t know how to end this. Wait and try there next game instead."
,Recommended,269650,18399784,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Punchy Seko,"My one problem with this game is that there isn't more of it. The story, gameplay, and characters are all superb. Sure there's a glitch or two scattered around, and maybe a typo here-and-there, but it's almost entirely drowned out by the good.The art is stunning, the music is beatiful, the fisticuffs are satisfying, need I say more?"
76561197989324079,Recommended,269650,18432035,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Laen,"Very Cyberpunk. Actually most cyberpunk game I have played.And that is good.Ok story, Good voice acting.The RPG elements where done well."
76561198006836122,Recommended,269650,20281050,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DutchBlak,"-Immersive, atmospheric-Open world-Great Art-All voice acted-Varied gameplayI had a great time, more please."
76561198034402880,Recommended,269650,31950972,Posted: 25 May,all,Lyssei,"Aside from the end (which does not make sense), this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,269650,29617292,Posted: 31 January,all,VGRider,"I know lots of people say that this game is not that good, and at some points i can see why they say so, but i got to be honest i really enjoyed it! Definitely lots of inspiration from Deus Ex, really nice visuals, and a really cool story. The only 2 things i found negative were the kind of failed stealth system of the general game, and the short endings.Other than that if you like platformers, like Deus Ex style like games, and a rather good plot, you should give it a go!"
,Recommended,269650,17084846,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Osten,Best cyberpunk game since '93s Shadowrun.
76561198356889867,Recommended,269650,31135255,Posted: 14 April,all,K. Haggard,"Damn glad I bought Dex,  I've never seen a 2d world come alive like this before.Sidescrolling through a Phillip K. Dickesqe futuristic world were hackers are a step above the mundane, and gangs are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥and need a good beat down.The story is pretty basic, you are the chosen one Neo...I mean dex and you must take down a faceless corperation that just kinda, runs everything.The game is pure eye candy, give it a try."
76561198014010906,Recommended,269650,31140554,Posted: 14 April,all,djrobertjohnson,Looking for a cyberpunk game and I found a gem in Dex. It's like if Deus Ex was ported to the sega genesis. With a the jank / charm that went into those games. Combat is wonky but serviceable. Great Little Game.
,Recommended,269650,26471334,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Drimakus,"As a big deus ex series and cyberpunk fan, I must say - this game is the REAL gem! I enjoyed every bit of it: dark and creepy atmosphere of the slums and alleyways, cozy neon lit streets of chinatown and lot more interesting places. Every piece of this 2D masterpiece is well painted in kinda old-school retro style - damn I felt so old.Great electronic ambient motives - I really want them in my audio player as standalone.Every single dialog in the game are fully voiced and fun to listen to, without skipping.Characters are quite memorizable and stand out.Gameplay has a lot to offer: lotta skills, implants, items, weapons, backtracking with fast travel, hacking, secrets etc - just for your every need and taste, ma'am!Combat system require you to pay attention to every move, whether it yours or enemy's and react fast - this way you can even beat a big armored soldier with bare hands. No skill just proper timing. If anything goes wrong you can load your saved game second before the bad encounter and try again.Gameplay also allows you to go stealthy but theres a lot situations where you cannot just snap a big guy's neck or pass through without standart beating. When you realize that almost every punk gives a lot of EXP upon death you will be surpised how persistent you can be.Game offers decent amount of choices to be made which has its own consequences, so choose wisely!8/10 unspent condoms"
76561197982391106,Not Recommended,269650,33477595,Posted: 12 July,all,Siiksai,"Dex is a game that went kicking and screaming. (tldr included at the bottom)There are a lot of design choices here that really didn't work well. For example, you really HAVE to savescum. In order to add more to each area they have doors set in the backdrop that you can enter and exit through, this has been done before, but the problem is that you cannot possibly know what's on the other side, and often it's a trap, where you will be surrounded and instantly die. There are no skills to allow you to peek or anything like that. The only choice is to savescum at every opportunity...There are many instant death falls, and what you can ""land"" on is often indistinguishable from the backdrop (they often use the same art for both). So again, more savescumming before every jump and leap of faith. and to really put a cherry on it, there's very aggressive fall damage.The combat is clunky, and with AI that happily swivels on that terrible AI pivot of being both incredibly stupid and perfectly accurate, you'll have find the one way to kill enemies without taking damage or just hemmorage money and resources through the whole game. Once you do find that solution, you use it to breeze through every enemy you find. And never use another bullet again. I found myself getting into gunfights just because I was bored to tears and wanted to use all the guns and ammo I had stockpiled, and after sitting there trading blows akin to a JRPG and having my ammo and health whittled down, I was reminded why it's a bad idea.""hacking"" is just a joke. It's like they smacked a thoughtless phone game on top of it just to, whatever, zoom around and shoot colorful balls at things. easy, boring, tedious, and time consumingVoice acting is painfully bad. at least you can turn the voice volume to 0. I did, and enjoyed the game that much more for it.Total game length is really short. I did every quest, and talked to every NPC out there, and even left the game paused by mistake for hours on end on multiple occasions and only racked up 20 hours.TLDR: There's definitely some love put in to this game, the idea is solid, the story is... okay, the atmosphere is where it should be for a game like this, but it just doesn't work overall, it has no polish and the small budget they clearly had wasn't used well. I had some fun with it eventually, but it was rough going.If you're looking for a dystopian cyberpunk experience, you just can't go wrong with the shadowrun games instead, they're far and away better on all fronts and less expensive than this game to boot."
,Recommended,269650,24303506,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DukeCZ,"This game is nice game which offers enjoyable gameplay, nice graphics and good soundtrack. But this game could be much more. Seems like developers run out of time or money at the end as the ending cutscenes are pretty short and only very last decisions forms the possible outcomes. The story is not bad in general though.This game suffers from low optimisation (I wouldnt expect laggs in games like this) and low replayability (because it doesnt matter what you do in 95% of the game)."
76561198051494325,Recommended,269650,24269359,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BagojfalviBagoj,Charming game with a nicely unfolding story. Totally do recommend.
,Recommended,269650,24667407,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,thebadson42,Super fun indie RPG. The cyber punk setting is one of my favorites. So far the story is pulling me right along. I bought this late in the evening with an appointment in the morning and couldn't pull myself away from it for 3 hours.  I'm lovin' it.
76561198038686849,Recommended,269650,24729223,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Gramps,It's like Deus Ex in 2D
76561198312889971,Not Recommended,269650,24739286,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,lelo111111,"I purchased this game looking for something similar to a 90's game, Flashback. Unfortunately, I can't recommend this game. Game fails in the most important aspect, gameplay. Movements are clunky and combat is just plain bad. Story seemed ok.All in all, didn’t find it a fun game to play."
,Recommended,269650,35459317,Posted: 3 October,all,Moth Andromed,the other reviews cover most of the positives and negitives. However the hacking mini game gets a lot of slack when its just a really fun twinstick shooter. the hacking is also part of what makes the game feel open and alive. If you are interested in it you will almost certanly love it.
,Not Recommended,269650,17080809,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Tsukasa,"Having only played it for an hour, here's my baseline review, before I refund it for various reasons which i'll dictate below.As a game with possibly some of the sleekest 2D art and top-notch voice acting (if not a little forced, at some parts though) and one of the coolest cyber-punk settings we've seen in awhile since deus ex, this game deserves praise. However, my praise pretty much extends solely to it's art style and music choice. If I were basing this game on looks alone it'd pretty much keep it because it really is one of the prettier looking games out there on steam.Since Dex is an action-based cyberpunk platforming/cypberspace 2D shoot'em'up stealth game, It has a lot of parts it has to think of ingenious ways of including. Let's just say for now that they succeeded in some, and failed in others.First let's talk about the actual platforming aspect of the game, which isn't too bad. Some of the animations are a little iffy though (I'm looking at you, crouch-walking. Seriously, who does that?) as well as some of the controls being a little far-fetched for both PC and Controller users in general. Every once and awhile some of the controls are a bit unresponsive (In the tutorial, I found that I was unable to punch back, despite clicking until I advanced to a certain point in the stage) so on, so forth.Next, let's talk about combat which is a central part of this game. As you progress, I'd imagine that your character get's more things, but for now let's just talk about what I unlocked in the first hour. A simple three-hit combo, the ability to dodge, and a jump-kick move that let's you get the drop on some enemies. Combat's pretty solid if we're talking meelee.Now ranged combat is a disaster, and let me tell you why. For some unexplicable reason your character stands still to shoot guns. This is literally their worst decision in the production of this game. In a game where characters with guns are shooting at you and it could cost you potentially half your health in one round, it's a bad game decision at all to make your character stand still. The animations seems a little clunky, and so is the aiming interface in general.Stealth was seldom used for the parts I played, so someone else might elaborate on that further.Voice-acting was top notch though. Tony was my favorite character in the hour I played. Seriously, if only every game put that much effort into making -every- interactable NPC in the world have an actual voice, it just draws you into the game. Characters are easily recognizable/memorable in even just the hour I played the game.Overall though, I can't really recommend it. The combat just felt too clunky, and it felt like the game didn't do that great of a job within a two-hour span of really getting that last tug on me that said ""Keep Me."" so to speak. For all of it's strengths, in far too many area's did it fall short."
,Recommended,269650,12122150,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Dmitry Odd,"Hi guys - Preview DEX\\\Dreadlocks tried to create something special and that is now in the increased demand, directly, as Manga in Steam. Here only because of VERY early access which is able to frighten off potential buyers, I wouldn't advise to pay to it attention at least a month more! I will explain why …First, to understand a plot, all its artful designs and it is simple not to blunder at a choice of some answer, for example, from you it is required language skills, thus at quite high level! There is a lot of text dialogues that on the one hand can't but please, always there is an option, let and imaginary (for us already all solved), they interesting also tighten, but with another … without even English postscoring it is boring! Really, boringly … Secondly, management! Because in Dex of tinctures is also not present, in general, will be to adjust it under itself to owners of ordinary keyboards incredibly difficult, especially to shoot. Clear business that before us nearly the first working alpha, hotfiksa and which updatings leave with velocity of light, but in a type of misinformation from outside whether the bought critics, whether someone else — people take it in hope to see SOMETHING, and receive … ahem, %5 of the read! For this reason I don't write reviews on games that are at a testing stage, it and is ridiculous and sad …The fighting system quite good, everyone will be able to find itself whether it be in the fighter of near fight, whether it be distant and if go to the technician's branch which to us is promised to enter that in general is excellent! Now even pumping as that isn't present, there are standard brace bits, but this business such — not clearly works it or not, for acquaintance it supposedly with what everything began and where came, but for passing … not its! Potential is, quests, non-standard and though hinting at the Sensuality, but … jumping off at the most inappropriate moment especially were pleasant. Wash to you council, for a start run all over the city, look that to what, collect all tasks, visit the dealer's bench but only after that go beyond his line, without speaking already for skirmishes with enemies! I as terribly curious person, made differently and time two was lost because on me some bandits flew from all directions, forcing down from feet and simply causing a fabulous loss, and after all coming back to management — it still that madness …Generally, game has a future but as truly noticed Dreadlocks — wait for the termination of September but only after that pronounce it a sentence! No training, meanwhile, will exist, we press Esc or F1 and we are brought up to date. Without the same Nostromo, for example, it is necessary to you oh as it is heavy, considering that gamepads also don't work … Already kind month and I can tell game one — advance is felt forward.The visual component in Dex is excellent, a portrayal on 5ku, optimization tightened, a soundtrack unless, still merges with a background because of what it isn't perceived properly. To be trained in all subtleties and to understand that want from us it is possible in the first hour of game! Though stop, to one seems to me, what main ""heroine"" resembles the man who replaced a floor more? For everything that time that I carried out in it at me NEVER there were feelings that I play for the girl, it is rather for some trance …If you love something unusual, with soul and created with love, but in a look there isn't enough budget and to that being in a stage of early access — buy all! Support developers dollar, eventually, you thereby will accelerate its end!<3 I hope you enjoy a preview, thanks."
,Recommended,269650,15735612,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,will2357,"A few controller issues (scrolling in menus and some item selection - I just kept a mouse nearby), but otherwise I love it.  Fantastic plot, music, art style, and RPG elements.  I primarily played stealth, so I didn't use the combat system a ton, but it was effective.There are definitely a few bugs left but well worth the price at $20.  I got a solid 12 hours out of a fairly thorough playthrough.  Again, I loved it and can't wait for more from these folk!"
76561198101970766,Recommended,269650,13834677,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,cobo74,"The game looks awesome, the ambientation is very well made. It has plenty of the elements that make the metroidvanias so great, so If you are fan of the metroidvanias and the cyberpunk, this is the game to get into."
,Recommended,269650,16191921,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Obvious,"Absolutely the best sequel to Tomba/Tombi imaginable. Surprised at the direction WhoopieCamp took things, what with no evil pigs and Tombi having blue hair now instead of pink, but this is absolutely the third in the trilogy the fans didn't just want, but deserved.10/10, would cyberpunk again."
76561197986124135,Recommended,269650,15754445,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jorie,Modern day Metroid style game.Combat is ok. Would have wanted more steath options.Dont regret buying it.
76561198068246776,Not Recommended,269650,18380162,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Bwett,"When I buy a game that says, ""full controller support"" I expect the controller to work.Not working...I try another controller...No luck...I go to the forums and search online.The devs are apparently ignoring people asking for help on the issue.I'm  not sure how the game is, the controlls go insane with a gamepad even plugged into my pc."
76561198053975973,Not Recommended,269650,24079293,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fat grills and feeders,"Could have been great, ruined by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls.Infuriating/10"
76561198026798015,Not Recommended,269650,15758988,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,sharkfin6,"I always have loved the idea of retro sidescrolling games yet once i play them never get hooked. Until now...15-07-05 Game lost my save data...can't be bothered to start again, change this to thumbs down."
76561197972364092,Recommended,269650,15750278,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lockey,"Update: Just finished the game, and I'm not disappointed. Best cyberpunk game I've played in a long time. Well worth your time.Two tips: 1. Quick travel works and is available on the map in the back-button menu, and 2. Scroll all the way down in the inventory to put one of your your guns in the quick slots. Only then will Dex actually use it. I almost finished the game before I found that out. ;_;---The backgrounds and the character sprites really bring the cyberpunk world of Dex to life. For the art alone I'd say it's worth the price.I can't say too much about the Story. I've been too distracted doing side quests instead. It seems alright. The writing is good and really fits the cyberpunk mood of the game.The quests often have multiple solutions and it depends entirely on your character skills how to best go about solving them.The gameplay certainly isn't perfect (bugs, weak combat, weird inventory control). The lack of a quick travel option is a big time waster. The developer could have added an in game taxi service or some form of public transport. Another annoyance is the lack of explanation for how some systems work. I have for example not been able to use my gun at all. .Despite the flaws I have so far enjoyed playing Dex and would recommend to anyone looking for a cyberpunk themed light rpg."
,Not Recommended,269650,34941145,Posted: 13 September,all,TheMightyCthulhu,"I really want to like Dex, but the hacking minigame is so awful, it's impossible to. What were the designers thinking when they added this to the game? They honestly couldn't come up with anything - anything at all - better than holding in your mouse and trying to shoot glowing 'viruses' ? Ugh. It's such a big part of the game it makes the good stuff (which is the game besides the hacking) pale in comparison."
,Recommended,269650,32707713,Posted: 23 June,all,krave181,"Excellent game, one of the few that's kept me interested enough to complete it,"
76561197996180646,Not Recommended,269650,15858031,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ashultz,"The atmosphere is great, I want to like it, but there is way too much ""this thing damages you and the only thing to do is get damaged"" in the real world and quadruple in the fairly ineptly executed cyberspace.  There's also very little tutorial and the interface is terrible, the easiest way to learn how to use things is to read steam groups.Possibly worth a look in another few versions."
,Not Recommended,269650,24144711,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,🎃PumpkinSupremacy🎃,"As much as I enjoyed some of the characters and the story of Dex, I can't recommend this game.The game is essentially a platformer with RPG elements and a hacking mini game.  There is both ranged and melee combat, but melee often felt the wiser choice.  Despite this, melee combat seemed more about memorizing enemy attack patterns than it did recognizing telegraphed attacks and blocking in time.  You can simply hold the block button and tap attack when you know it's safe to do so negating much of the challenge.  Ranged weapons are more useful for disabling security cameras and turrets than shooting people.  You can perform stealth takedowns, but the majority of levels do not have alternate routes for stealth approaches thanks in part to the 2d nature of the game.  This also obviates the need for a couple of the stealth oriented character upgrades.  Toward the end of the game, I had so many medkits accumulated I found myself dodging past enemies just to get things over with.The hacking mini game is absolutely tedious.  You guide a cursor around and shoot pew pew beams at viruses and network defenses.  You can acquire software in the form of upgraded attacks and one time use powers, but upgrading the hacking skill line is the only viable way to make this less painful.  Putting points in this skill is unavoidable in my opinion as hacking is necessary not only at major plot points but in many side quests as well.Most of the characters are interesting and most of the dialogue is well written and voiced.  The story was interesting enough to keep me invested in events and characters, and the endings are reminiscent of Deus Ex.  There are a variety of side quests that you can pursue at your own pace and you have free reign over the city.  The game world is small by big budget standards but it's just right for the length of this game.  I finished the game in under 9 hours having completed most of the side quests.I don't feel there is any need to replay this game unless you are an achievement hunter.  While there are choices and dialogue options you can make which affect the outcome of various side quests and the main story, there isn't enough viable variation in character building or game difficulty to make me come back for more.  I would only recommend this game if you are a cyberpunk or RPG junky.  Even if you are, there are arguably better games to spend your precious time with."
,Recommended,269650,26492698,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,David,"Enjoyed it very much. The story was pretty run of the mill, though. Ending happened fairly abruptly and there are still some things that aren't entirely clear; but maybe I'm just dense.Least favorite parts of the game were the hacking minigames, though. Top-down shooter styled. Required a lot of skillpoints to make it less frustrating, user skill would only go so far. Using firearms was also somewhat disappointing, but I think they were mostly intended as a situational backup item for when you're up against a tough opponent or a group that's hard to deal with by hand.I certainly recommend it at even full price, despite my minor complaints."
,Recommended,269650,24836954,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,clickbait,This game plays really well. Caught myself staring at it. Good Time FUn Lots.
,Not Recommended,269650,20840778,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ryllix,"This game has a pretty interesting story and decent voice acting.  The combat and hacking mechanic are nearly impossible until you have upgraded your abilities, however, you are not able to upgrade your abilities until you have completed the combat and hacking mechanics.  Early in the game, the hacking is beyond frustrating to the point that the game is not even fun.  It seems that the game balance wasn't tested much.  I want to recommend this game, but unfortunately I can't due to poor combat/hacking design."
,Not Recommended,269650,20269203,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Anrkist,"I'm on my second play-through. My first ended after a couple of hours in sheer frustration and I didn't pick it back up again until some months later. To me, this is a very alluring game as I love the cyberpunk theme and I can't think of a game that's set the atmosphere better than this one. As an interactive story, it works. As a game? Not so much.Before I present my negatives I would like to be clear that I've really enjoyed Dex. It'll go down as one of my favorites of all time but I can't in good conscience recommend this to anyone but the most hardcore of cyberpunk fans.Here are the biggest challenges you'll face while playing:1. Hand holding - This game doesn't do it, at all, so don't expect a helpful lesson in anything. Ever. Explanation of basic mechanics would have been nice. I avoided hacking until the last couple of hours of playtime. I was never sure if what I was doing was correct or if I was just wasting my time.2. Hacking - Sucks until you're uber powerful.3. Combat - Nothing wrong with a bit of difficulty but the AI will consistently block your punches, kicks and no amount of button pressing or combos will break their block mechanic. Your best bet is to exit the area and return. Repeat that step until you ""roll"" an enemy that isn't perpetually in block mode.4. Stealth - Yeah, whatever. Good luck being stealthy. There's no skill slots or upgrades for this, so it is what it is and that isn't much. It should be striped from the game as it doesn't serve a purpose.5. Bugs - Almost a year out and the game still has some mind boggling big bugs. I have not encountered any game breaking bugs but I've run into one that just completely ruins what little immersion a 2D platformer can have. The best way to describe it without giving too much detail is that you're playing as someone else on screen... you hear their voice, see their headshot in the dialog box but you're still running around as Dex.I don't expect to see much change in the game at this point. I do hope they go on to make another as I would be the ""first in line"" to get it if it were in the same universe."
,Not Recommended,269650,20838787,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Hurricane,"You WILL ragequit this game.  Multiple times.Enemies hit hard, and health packs are expensive.  Worse, you have TWO health bars to worry about (HP and focus, which is basically HP while hacking).  At the beginning there are a number of quests that require skills you won't have... but you can't get because you can't complete the quests.  Maxing out hacking and lockpicking are NOT optional.The game really, really needs a proper quicksave button.  The standard F5 throws you into the save menu, which is better than nothing, but when you leave you're in the ""Game paused"" menu.  I'd rather something you can just mash and keep playing, because you'll be bruteforcing a lot of stuff.Hacking is far too hard at the beginning (thus why you need to max your hacking skill ASAP).Gamepad input is terrible, but that's apparently a limitation of the Unity engine.  I tried to use my Steam Controller... it was awful.  The gamepad config utility is also awful... it's not able to determine the direction of the right ""stick"" on the SC.  It'll also hang if you try to quit.  Don't even bother... just stick with the mouse and keyboard.There's a fantastic story in this game.  I really want to experience it.  So, I'm hunting for cheats so that I don't need to put up with the gameplay."
76561197972109137,Not Recommended,269650,15847265,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mickc,"Its a great game except for the flaws. during my play threw, I had to restart twice. Even on the second play threw certain aspects of the game don't work- 1st try none of the NPCs you would die, 2nd try none of the stores work. This game needs a lot of work. This is a beta at most not full release."
76561198029158739,Recommended,269650,16606704,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dr. Mc Zombie,"Nice game, interesting story."
76561198007970491,Not Recommended,269650,28515049,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Captain Crunch,The game is ok but the hacking sequences really killed the fun.
76561198000955999,Recommended,269650,28964856,Posted: 2 January,all,Allison A'vani,Amazing game.  Higly recomend to anyone who is a fan of cyberpunk.
,Recommended,269650,31611654,Posted: 7 May,all,lyricalbedlam,"A lot of fun with great humor, if you enjoy the cyber punk atmosphere. A little short, but if you catch it on sale it is well worth it."
76561198078809090,Recommended,269650,22154669,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,elgo139,"very solid game.  Metroidvania. Has hints of SOTN, though obviously not as good.graphics are better than the videos make it seem."
,Recommended,269650,22197400,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Couchlion,"I've only played the enhanced edition, but it is a good cyberpunk action-rpg. Can't really say it's a platformer because there wasn't hardly any jumping puzzles or hard-to-get places. Hope they'll keep making more and with more adaptive world where your own decisions in the game would matter more. There's always room for more good cyberpunk games."
76561198019343563,Recommended,269650,22237876,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bom,"I recommend the game, it's great. The rest is up to you to find out.  10/10 will stay put for the next game from Dev."
76561198280700677,Recommended,269650,28869090,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lodossgift,代入感很强的故事背景设定，紧凑的剧情，丰富的对话文本，绝对是我喜欢的类型，不过英语看着挺累的。作为蝗虫玩家，大作已经难以激发我的兴趣了，还是这样的精品独立游戏更适合现在的年龄和心境
76561198014488805,Recommended,269650,32663684,Posted: 22 June,all,OnyxOblivion,Fun way to kill a few afternoons. Definitely recommended if you like the idea of a 2D Deus Ex.
,Recommended,269650,28170583,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,d1g1t@l wisp,"Atmospheric game, great story, lots of content. Too short, though. And i didn't like the combat system at all.7/10"
76561197994947479,Recommended,269650,28143004,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jmaler,"Brilliant kind of Shadowrun scifi game - great story, good gameplay"
76561198085086339,Recommended,269650,28164856,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gesser,"Great cyberpunk RPG. Good story, soundtrack and art, which makes it very immersive.I just wish for more content of that world.  A DLC with new areas to explore would be awesome!"
,Recommended,269650,28130526,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Virus9,"I have a weakness for all things cyberpunk, but this game suprised me. The world is rather open, with side quests and loot to find. The combat worked well, I didn't find the guns very useful and after getting some cyberupgrades melee seemed to be the way to go. The game took me about 10 hours to complete but I was quite thorough in exploring, the game would probably be a lot shorter if you rushed through the main story.I have recomended this game to my friends."
76561198010090170,Recommended,269650,31332792,Posted: 23 April,all,Antiks,Decent distraction but a little clunky combat wise. Story ending leaves a lot to be desired.
76561198093623439,Recommended,269650,31203427,Posted: 17 April,all,stevejacobs,"I love open world exploration games with lots of sidequests, and Dex did not disappoint. Great fun."
76561197963976638,Recommended,269650,31269792,Posted: 20 April,all,Monkey Hause,"Fun side scrolling cyberpunk game with great atmosphere.  While it doesn't play like it, the feel of the game reminds me of the SNES Shadowrun game.  The dialogue can be a bit weak at times but overall its a very fun game and worth every cent."
76561198071618387,Recommended,269650,34378791,Posted: 20 August,all,zaid123,this game is very good
,Recommended,269650,25971080,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,rafasc_94,"very good cyberpunk themed game, had a lot of fun going arround the city doing side missions, interesting characters and story, rpg elements are just right there (good), pixel art not the best but quite passable, RECOMENDED really want to see what the company can do with a bigger budget"
76561198097938556,Recommended,269650,22129097,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,goggen78,"I've only scraped the surface of this game, but it is very interesting. Good game! Recommended for cyberpunk fanatics."
76561197994141602,Recommended,269650,15851910,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nobody,"While buggy at it's release most of it has been ironed out so I can finally recommend this game.It's a good mix of combat, stealth and roleplaying.The combat is solid but nothing special. Left-click attacks, there is a roll dodge and a block for melee attacks.Quests offer choices and are often multi-layered which is a welcome variation to most standard RPG quests. Sidequests usually outrank the main story in quality and variety but it keeps you interested enough throughout the game.There is a good progression system for your character allowing you to spent skillpoints in 10 or so categories.The environment and music are very atmospheric and do a good job at immersing you into the world. Backgrounds are alright but look better on the screenshots. Animation is a bit clunky.Controls are responsive and I never had a problem like getting stuck or delays of input.There is little replay value so expect 10-15 hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,269650,15976558,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Downtown1,"Decent short game, not sure if it's worth the $20 given how short it is. I beat it in 9 hours.Ending part seems to drag on a bit and they really could've done a better job with the ending. The first couple of hours are pretty fun though."
76561197969379991,Recommended,269650,29686224,Posted: 3 February,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,deus ex in 2d
76561198042526657,Recommended,269650,25545765,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,the_immortal,"I first tried it, when it was in early access. It was really mediocre then, and i forgot about it for a while. Then i found it again while scanning the depths of game library. And now it is completely different game! And it's really good. It has all the good stuff from DeusEx and games alike - persistent world, pretty nice exploration, non-linear paths, ability to increase character power, non-annoying traceback after gaining new abilities, etc. The biggest disadvantage is - the game is really small. And because it is interesting, i personally chew through it's content really fast.But for the price - it is really good."
76561198011093817,Recommended,269650,35033054,Posted: 17 September,all,Hotel Zulu,"As a fan of classic cyberpunk, I found myself taking to Dex quite quickly.  Gameplay elements aside, the storyline, artwork and music all really nailed the aesthetic and got me invested in the world and characters.  I spent way more time than necessary on the game just because I wanted to find and enjoy every little tidbit the designers had packed into it.  And though I don't feel in any way shortchanged, when I finally finished the game it left me wanting more in the best possible way.  If these guys ever do a sequel or another cyberpunk game I'll be all over it as soon as I find out about it.So let's talk about the bad:  if you've read the criticisms of the game, they pretty much all have merit.  I personally didn't find the hacking side of the game bad enough to make me hate it but I didn't think that it was anything special, either, and I really agree with the commenters that said that there was a lot of twin-stick potential there that just wasn't realized.  The 2d sidescrolling elements weren't particularly well-balanced either and I though the ranged/shooting combat might have been great for some, I found melee combat was clearly superior for my playstyle and frequently got through fights with good old-fashioned button mashing.  The voice acting was also hit or miss, with a good portion of the performances unfortunately being somewhat wooden and many of them delivered so torpidly that you'd swear the characters were drugged out of their minds.Then there's the things that the game does well.  In addition to the aforementioned music, artwork and story, there are plenty of areas to explore, side quests to pick up and enemies to fight.  Appropriately enough for a game that plays around with the idea of free will, Dex delights in providing the player with plenty of choices throughout the game.  From skills and implants to acquire to multiple paths for completing almost every quest the player will be constantly choosing which approach to take.  Here, too, the game hews closely to its overall theme, rarely excluding certain paths or content completely as some other ""choices matter"" style of games do while still offering plenty of options and three different endings overall.  Dex delivers plenty of content for those that like to delve into the depths of their games.Overall, if you're a fan of classic cyberpunk and the game looks appealing to you then Dex is well worth checking out.  If the gameplay criticisms have you concerned and you're on the fence then picking it up on sale would be the way to go."
,Recommended,269650,35153470,Posted: 23 September,all,Kozak[Linux],"Im enjoying this game quite a bit and I think any fan of the cyber punk genre will not be disappointed. It has a large explorable world, skill and cybernatic augments system, quests that can have bad endings or good ones depending on choices and it requires some experimentation to find the most effective approach, good voice acting and an interesting story.I just wish they made a more skill driven hand to hand combat system, like something that has combo's. Right now its almost just punch, punch, punch, jump over the guy and hit him in the back while he punches forward (only this last part requires skill)."
,Recommended,269650,35038473,Posted: 17 September,all,Resonant Drifter,"Living in Harbor Prime, Dex is contacted by someone informing her she has the ability to wirelessly hack into devices & people, and is being hunted by the police. Now she must figure out what is happening to her and why people want her dead.PROS:+ Graphics are good+ Interesting living/breathing world+ Really interesting districts+ Good character actingCONS:- Combat doesn't work- Hacking is largely unsuccessful- Sometimes unclear objectives/platforms- No options to complete missions your way- What's this story about?Dex is a side-scrolling cyberpunk action RPG with a lot of potential, unfortunately, it never lives up to that because of some glaring issues. Because of this it really is a toss up at whether it is worth purchasing or not.The things the game gets right is the world is a charcter in itself. The districts feel like living/breathing environments that are truly interesting to explore with characters that feel like they belong and missions that are different and unique.The characters are interesting and full of life and acted well so it's always fun to run into and talk to them, and they help to paint the picture of the world around you.Some of these missions can be solved with diplomacy which leads you down fun/funny dialogue trees, others can only be solved via combat or hacking which are huge downers in this game.The frustrations with combat comes in threes. A lot of your enemies seemingly can block all your attacks and can't get knocked down or stunned, but your character has so much trouble blocking their attacks and can get knocked down. It's not until near the end that you gain better abilities that will help with this, but by then you're already frustrated with combat (and done with it because it's the end of the game) that it doesn't matter. Shooting guns (aiming) is such a frustration with the controller because it locks in an 8 direction scheme forcing you to back up/move forward when you aim. Mouse/keyboard is flawless, but movement is severely weakened using them. You can't win. Stealth in this game is impossible so don't even try.Hacking is another frustration. It's a different take on hacking, which I can appreciate, but it just doesn't work. Hacking opens a top-down mini-game in which you attack/defend from programs while searching for data to download but it's so unbalanced... one early program spouts a ton of smaller bots, some that fire at you, so when there are two of these programs, you get overwhelmed easily. Put in the other quicker enemies and turrets... so much frustration. You find out later in the game that there are different weapons to go along with your two programs which help, but not much because you don't have a ton of time to react and change weapons so it basically plays the same.Some missions seem impossible to decipher due to poor notetaking. I left a couple because even after reading what I had learned about the mission I couldn't figure out where to go or what to do. When they can be done they are linear. I wish they had different paths you could take to solve if you want to go stealh/combat/hacker/etc. Everything seems to have one direction.The story should be the backbone of the game, but after the first mission it is forgotten until the last small chunk of the game. Then they shove so much information at you, you have a hard time deciphering it all. I got the gist of it, but I'm still not 100% sure what it was all about.Overall, the base of the game is solid, but the things surrounding that seem weaker. Buy it if you've played all the other great cyberpunk games and you want your cyberpunk fix but be aware of the negatives. Otherwise, wait for a 50% sale and be happy enough. I hope the company makes a sequel and fixes all the downfalls they have in this game. That game will be spectacular. This one is just OK."
76561198044082642,Recommended,269650,35210554,Posted: 25 September,all,Jubilant,"Overall a really enjoyable game. The combat can quickly get stale (either stun-lock enemies with melee or knock em down with a leg sweep and shoot em), and the enemies are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (can't get interrupted, staggers you a ton) but don't let that detract from everything else.The setting and world building is great. It feels lived in, active, busy. The characters are vibrant (and the voice acting, is, ah, entertaining). You get a lot of choice in all your quests: how you approach them and what the resolution is. A few twists here (I thought I reached what I thought was the ending, but I was wrong! There was still more to play!), but the ending really feels a little out of place. It fits yes, but it quickly goes from a game where you're learning about regular people and running in a dingy city to suddenly ""big picture and big secrets"".I bought this on sale awhile back because steam recommended it to me. Knew nothing going in, but having finished it (took me a long time since I'd have big spaces inbetween play session. Game is interesting, but not to the point where I /have/ to play just this) I can say it'd even be worth the full price.Oh, the main theme is pretty lit too!"
76561197998266429,Recommended,269650,35427888,Posted: 2 October,all,T_Neumann,"An excellent indie title! Blasted through it on a weekend. Nothing challenging by any means but mechanically interesting, adequately dystopian, wonderful soundtrack.Could do with more variety for missions etc but other than that, definitely worth picking up."
76561198016096126,Recommended,269650,24730020,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,vexling,"This actually feels more like a good, old-school, story-driven action RPG than a platformer. The story is not trivial and interesting enough to want you keep playing. A large part of the story is a set of side-quests which you can do in any order (or skip altogether but that will make your game harder as you character needs to develop for main story challenges). I really liked the cyber punk setting for the game, a bit like shadowrun but unique and interesting.Dex is a good game, but it could be better. The combat system feels awkward at the beginning and needs some getting used to. ""Hacking"" is bit tedious and feels repetitive. While the story is quite nice, even surprising at times, the ending is very anti-climatic to the level of being somewhat disappointing.Overall I'd recommend this game, especially if you can pick it up on offer."
76561197961914449,Recommended,269650,24737612,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Quenchiest,"A neat 2D action adventure with combat that is a little janky until you get used to it; it is especially bad at low levels or you when are fighting multiple people and don't quite grasp the mechanics yet. It's not really a metroidvania as enemies don't respawn and levels are short with fast travel. However, there is a good story and voice acting and great sound and art assets."
,Recommended,269650,24736768,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,kupokupkupo,"Great story, poor gameplay. Enemies are pretty stupid, platforming can be frustrating when you can't tell what is a platform and what isn't. Depending on how you count, there's 2 or 4 enemy types, and they can generally all be dealt with the same way. Hacking is a chore, with nearly every hack going the same way. But, the story's great, exploration is pretty fun, lore is engaging, and the voice acting's good too.For $5, great choice. $20 is way too much, though, since you'll see most of the game in nine hours or so."
76561198005180851,Recommended,269650,24748130,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Icemannix,"Very nice game, especially as I got it for $5.  Great feel, lots of fun, solid RPG choices leading to good replayability.  Combat system allows for multiple ways to progress.  The fact that essentially all the dialogue is voice acted is a nice immersive touch.  I recommend this game, especially if you can get it on sale for $5."
76561198076721202,Recommended,269650,11846226,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Crumpet King,I really enjoyed this game (ignore the negative reviews they dont do it justice). This is just a quick video of highlights of the game and my impressions on it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eT3ygwzY98&list=UUZpHYQ4vkdLgFzrPW6UiOXw
76561197987143820,Not Recommended,269650,15832899,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,jonpolkie,"I cannot recommend it until you guys figure out how to create a sensible control mechanism. Seriously, you guys created the most confusing control scheme for gamepad users. You dont give any tutorial to explain how to do simple things like changing weapons, and I have become absolutely irate because I cannot permanently switch weapons during the middle of a firefight. Even when I follow the control scheme, the gun always reverts back to one that I do not need. It was like you designed the system DELIBERATELY to♥♥♥♥♥♥people off. Please rethink how to handle the controls, put in some explanation for how things work, etc.  Then I will give the game a good review."
,Not Recommended,269650,15754383,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Arrakisdef,"I wouldn't recommend this game.  It has some nice ideas for the world and such, but the gameplay isn't fun.  Combat is either stupid and easy or just frustrating and difficult.  It isn't hard by design, its just you litterally get gangbanged if there are more then two enemies.Save yourself some time and money and do not buy."
76561197976726164,Not Recommended,269650,17129743,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,theshadowcult,"Negative first, positive second.Do not play this game. The game is fairly decent in most respects except for two very key features. The game uses checkpoint saves, which is fine in some cases, when there are actually checkpoints. The game saves at the start of every area you enter and ONLY at the start. Meaning if you die at any point in a map, you HAVE to start again. Once is fine, but if you die multiple times because you simply missed a jump and landed in the wrong place or an enemy sees you the moment you walk through a door and blasts half your health away with a gun at range... it becomes very tedious very very fast.Death and saves brings me to the second reason not to play this game. This reason is only a factor because of the save system, however, yo take fall damage, and quite a decent amount. This is fine. What is not fine, is the fact that the game marks no difference between platforms you can land on and ones you simply pass through. Meaning death. Restart.On a positive note. The art is nice, the voice acting is quite decent, the control mechanics are not perfectly fluid, but are still enjoyable, and the rpg side of things seems fairly well balanced with some small room for replay. The plot is interesting enough to pull you through, and the side quests are quite well done, with multiple different quests intersecting each other, which i found to be a nice touch!75% off this game is fun, but i just cannot recommend anyway buy it until the save system is changed. It will just aggrevate you."
76561197975845420,Not Recommended,269650,29599369,Posted: 30 January,all,Not John Malkovich,"Garbage playability wrapping nice artwork.I really wanted to like this game - but the gameplay is just terrible.  Action sequences involve the following:1) Physical fighting2) Augmented Reality Camera/Drone hacking3) VR hacking2+3 are effectiely identical in how the play out - you control a floating blob that shoots and tries to dodge the 100 or so enemies / homing missiles.  Your base health is high and you can recharge for free once out of AR/VR, making these sequences more chore than anything.1 is... a huge mess.A) You can sneak up on enemies and drop them with a rear naked choke, which would add a neat stealth element if not for the fact that it's a 2D game and enemies regularly have to be engaged face to face.B) You start with only a 1-2 punch combo and jump kick.  Every enemy in the game can and will block either one, unless you block and then counterpunch.. and you'd better be better than Floyd Mayweather for reasons below.C) When struck by enemy melee attacks, you suffer hitstun.  Enemies are NOT stunned by your attacks.  So combat becomes a slow process.D) Magnum revolver shots to the heart barely damage entry level enemies more than your starting 1-2 punch.  Individual rounds cost $20 per bullet, most enemies drop less than $20.  This makes gun combat effectively impossible as a strategy.E) Your health doesn't regenerate, and enemies don't respawn, creating a negative feedback loop if your skill in melee is low.  More fights = more damage that you must pay to fix = fewer $ left for everything else.F) Saving the game manually - rather than autosaving - can break the scripts on the main quest line, rendering the game impossible to complete.G) You can hack vending machines to get cash, but they never reset, so once hacked, they're turned off for the rest of the game.H) Many of the sidequests are bugged and it's easy to make them impossible to complete if you do ANYTHING out of sequence, such as exploring a location before getting the quest."
76561198044993640,Not Recommended,269650,31138371,Posted: 14 April,all,tjwhale,"I find the combat unplayably tedious. You just stand there blocking for an age. Then the enemy hits you. Then you hit them. Then you go back to blocking. Wash, rinse, repeat for an eternity.No fun, no joy, no excitement. Just mechanically grinding through boring, copy paste, enemies.It's sad that I'm missing all the story and all the depth of the world, in to which it's obvious a lot of work has gone, just because the core mechanics are muddy and dull.The first rule of game design is that your core gameplay loop has to be good. Would you want to fight an endlessly long string of enemies? If not the combat needs work."
76561198084826678,Not Recommended,269650,15767232,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,MegA1e}{,"I have no idea how to hack computers. There is no tutorial or explanation. It's just a black screen with a couple of bars, I keep trying different buttons, but nothing works."
76561197971766164,Not Recommended,269650,15795138,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,tschutti,Keybinding is broken. Game is very buggy to the point of making it impossible to progress in the story. Full voice acting is nice but the writing is pretty terrible.
76561197985881686,Not Recommended,269650,15745187,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Pengan,"Attack keys keep unbinding and randomly not-working loadfunction rather tends to load autosave almost always despite having a saved point. This game is severely buggy, don't play unless you got a handcontroller, seriously wait for some more patches before you spend money on it! If you play take lockpick as your first 2 picks before going into any combat..."
76561198057984787,Not Recommended,269650,29052426,Posted: 5 January,all,sensedelete,"Very disappointed. The game looks nice and tries to do a lot with the gameplay. Unfortunately, the controls are quite stiff and the combat is awful. There's no real strategy half the time and the enemies take ridiculous amounts of punishment. I'm all for a bit of challenge but fighting in this game is just dull. Also, the first level is a sewer, enough said."
,Not Recommended,269650,26125866,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MettaurEX,"Pros:- Cool Concept and atmosphere- Great Story- Nice Still Graphics- Open worldCons:- Jagged animations- No visual indication of things you can climb down or doors you can walk into vs things you can't- No visual indication of many hazards until you die (maybe missing sprite bug)- Many Game-breaking bugs on Linux make it painfully unplayable:- Iinvisible text that yout have to guess where it is to click on it- Invisible enemies, hazards or other sprites- Saves get corrupted frequently- Saves don't actually save everything- Saves just don't work at all sometimes"
,Not Recommended,269650,17136102,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,HouseLyrander,"Sluggish, confusing, and boring, this game starts off on the wrong foot right away with an options menu that doesn't even work properly and just gets worse with mindless combat, leap of faith platforming, and a complete lack of direction or clear goals.  And that's just the rooftop sequence at the start!  I couldn't make it past the sewer level (yes really, this game all but starts with a sewer level) because the game kept fighting me the whole way.  There's just nothing HERE."
,Not Recommended,269650,15964671,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,kaiserpocky,"I quite enjoyed the early sections of the game, and found myself actually chortling with glee as I unlocked some of the cybernetic upgrades for melee combat.  From what happens late game during a segment in which you are forced to rely upon the profoundly broken ranged-combat mechanics, i am forced to conclude that i was only able to enjoy the preceding rest of the game specifically because i ignored the firearms entirely.  Couple this with that the ending to Dex left me disappointed to an extent that even triumphs the sense of being betrayed by the writers that was created in Mass Effect 3, and while I was exceptionally eager for a new cyberpunk RPG to sink my teeth into when I first saw this game, I cannot recommend it as it stands. It is fundamentally broken, and i find myself severely regretting having purchased it."
,Not Recommended,269650,15975208,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,The Butcher,"Saw the ""Open world"" tag and bought it on a whim... not open world at all and no replay value."
76561198006527585,Not Recommended,269650,15833748,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Bas7ard_Bonhart,"Has promise to be an interesting 2D metroidvania with rpg elements within a standard cyberpunk setting, but it also has a lot of game killing bugs. Enough to make me not deal with it and move on until they patch some of the most basic gameplay.-Combat-Melee combat is not fluid and I found that many of my attacks fell short of connecting, even after hitting on the first punch. I'd have to stop my combo to inch forward and hope that my next punch would be within the pitifully small attack range. I defaulted to just jump kicking everyone and rolling away, rather than playing with the block and combo system they have in place.Ranged combat is not intuitive as you have to press (not hold down) the left trigger button to hold your firearm and then aim with a reticule that is made for a mouse, but not translated for a gamepad. Then, you have to press your right shoulder button, and not your right trigger button, in order to fire your weapon (The design choice to keep all the buttons non-contextual hampers the entire game)  You cannot move while having your firearm drawn. I also felt figuring out how to place firearms in your quick item menu in order to even use it was... unnecessary.-Voice acting-The voice acting ranges from serviceable to strained and then falls into annoying. The voices are not what I'm imagining the text to read as in my imagination in the slightest in many cases and the game would have done better saving everyone the trouble of having to turn them off after a few hours of what sounds to be non-English native speaking their lines. I may be wrong about the voice actor's native tongue as many of them seemed to have Western names in the credits (do voice actors need stage names?). There seems to be a great deal of variance between what is spoken and what is written in the text as well. Not enough to change their meaning, but enough to jar me as I read and listened along.-Level Design-I found myself wandering around and killing mofos before I actually needed to enter those areas. Because I could and I wanted to and they happened to be there. This more or less deconstructed the pace of the game for me. I'm sure some may counter argue that I wasn't playing with immersion in mind, but ♥♥♥♥ that. This is a cyberpunk game and that means breaking the rules and doing what you want and ♥♥♥♥ the system! Besides, I used the walk button... which is the block button... and doesn't really offer any context to when it's a walk or when it's block (so maybe I was wrong about the lack of contextual buttons... Well none of them seemed to work which brings me to...)-This is an unfinished game-The bugs are more than a few janky controls or odd holes in the level, they break the game.I can't switch between quick items that are in my quick item menu.I can't save my game, unless I transitioned between areas. I'm taking a break from Dark Souls to play this as a casual game while I clean the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my pants. I don't need to redo the same bullet hell minigame hacking simulation and jump kick my enemies to death because I walked into a room with poison gas and was already low on health.The enemy AI is nonexistent. They can't jump. They can't climb ladders. The enemies with ranged weapons can only shoot you. They seem to be forced to keep moving away from me whilst I jump kick them to death. Low sweep was unlocked for me at times, which is supposed to be a melee move you unlock through leveling up. The worst for me was how they'd simply forget you killing the dude that was right next to them if you moved a little ways out of their line of sight... ""Huh? Just a box...""(Why the ♥♥♥♥ am I looting porno mags and t-shirts from my dead enemies? I know of only one group of people that would pay money for used porno mags and t-shirts from dead people... 12 year old boys.)To end this, I can tell the designers have a lot of love for the genre (no, kids. Deus Ex isn't what it's based on...), but this is not a full release game as stated int he product description. Other reviewers suggest a few more updates before jumping into this game. That's good advice."
76561197962404093,Recommended,269650,30050072,Posted: 19 February,all,Rivon,"A good and true Cyperpunk Game.Hope they do a Dex 2 (this time as Male :)Played with Keyboard and Mouse and feeled good, no need for Controller."
76561197991094053,Recommended,269650,15765031,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Blakkat,"I don't know WHAT the other reviews are talking about. I expected so many obvious bugs I couldn't play. I expected the interface to be completely unintelligible. I got neither.*The Interface is easy. So easy, that if you have trouble you may be over thinking things.*I have yet to encounter one bug. Any bug. Not sure what that was all about, but it runs great for me.*The story is great! It hooks you early and keeps you interested.*The side quests are fun and the combat interface is reasonably simple.*The art is great and the levels and atmosphere are spot-on*The voice acting... meh. Not that great. Not that horrible either. It's far better than 'House of the Dead', but nowhere near as good as say.. The Curse of Monkey Island.*The wording of the script makes me think the author has English as a second language (it's not awful, but it's.... off)Summary: It's a better, more RPG like Flashback. I just like it! It's held my interest for the last 2 hours and I haven't died once or gotten to any illogical/frustrating sections.Final Rating: 8/10"
76561197984231591,Not Recommended,269650,21162882,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Pandemic 先輩,Good looking game but still so many game breaking bugs
,Not Recommended,269650,18925055,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Eight675Three09,"The idea is cool, but after playing for a few hours there are some definite frustrations I have with this game. One is the graphics: the environments look good but the character sprites don't quite seem to mesh with them. The physics to with the characters are also a bit sloppy, making for movement and actions that seem out of place. The animation never seems to quite match up with the action, either.Dex was worth trying, but I wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,269650,15806556,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Pestilence,"I would not recommend this game in its current state. After having died several times during the introduction and subsequent areas due to severe lack of information (The area with poison gas looks the same as the area without?), and effectively having to start over after entering a dead-end that I cannot backtrack through without dying (this is within the first 20 minutes of the gameplay as well) I can say that this game doesn't hold your hand - it thrusts you blindfolded and drugged into a room filled with unavoidable bodily harm.I will say that the graphics and music are great but the animations are a little lacking."
76561197995576985,Recommended,269650,32520154,Posted: 17 June,all,shadowq,Solid.
76561198045973518,Recommended,269650,28208706,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TrilbyMcNab,Great game. Would love a sequel or another game in the same universe.
76561198029745493,Recommended,269650,31470470,Posted: 30 April,all,Licytator z Gadżetonu,"Great game, i finished it offline, but i plan to play it again sometime"
76561197974323265,Recommended,269650,22635983,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,monday,Great game.
76561198083755318,Recommended,269650,34865526,Posted: 10 September,all,GrimWarmaster,"Dex is the best sidescroller i have ever played, I really like the rpg elements and grim dark cyberpunk future setting. Combat for me was mainly fist fighting as there is no real need for firearms with the level design allowing for stealth takedowns. Hacking lets you enter cyberspace to steal info, unlock doors, disable turrets and cameras which does become tedious at times but doesnt spoil it. I got this game at 90% off so was very happy with it but after playing probably would of payed full."
76561198021322953,Not Recommended,269650,26424682,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lord Bart,"This is 2.0 review version. The first was negative due to relatively trivial technical issues which prevented me play. Devs fixed it, and as you can see this can be done from the beginning...But it's better now?After 20h (16h probable pure gameplay, without fighting with technicals):PROS+ nice main story+ fine main&side quests+ quest has multiple possible solutions+ nice implants and whole cyberpunk background+ fine mix of 2D drawing and platformingCONS- still existing problems with resolution- overlapping screens, inventory, skills...- melee combat- even worse shooting mode with senseless switching from melee- no quick saves- no save while hacking- beginnings of hacking are dramatically bad- at the beginning our heroine levels up very slowly- disappointing endingSubjective rate: B- but more C+?(I really would like to give more. I would really recommend this game. Although the cyber-story is good, a technical defects prevail. I wish Dreadlocks Ltd. all the best. But the game hard not meet my expectations.)"
,Recommended,269650,22877264,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,alex yarovoy,The plot is great! And all the dialogs and characters are so stylish and nice!
,Recommended,269650,19102388,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,letalis001,"Dex is a game that does a lot of things right. the story is captivating, the quests are fun. and its reminisent of a time when games respected a players intelligence. its not to say that it wont help you out in the beginning, but it doesnt throw up tutorial screens every 3 seconds.my only complaint really is that the controller setup needs a little work. i understand with games of this nature that having a virtual 360 range of motion with a gun weapon requires extra animation, but as it is the controllar setup for a gun is a little wonky. you have to hold a trigger down, aim with the right stick and then push another button to fire. the way i would do it is to push the button as normal to draw your gun then whereever you chose to push the stick, dex fires her weapon in that direction. many games do that with great effect and this game would go from being great to awesome with that change.the netrunning scenes are great as well. but suffer from the same clunkiness from having to aim in a direction without it feeling polished as an analog control should. if the analog controls were reworked to take full advantage of the stick precision, and the gunplay was reworked like i said above. Dex could easily be a game that sets the standard for games within this genre.FInal verdict: Get the game. its worth the 20 dollars and should dreadlocks tweak the controller movement and polish it. it will easily be one of the best games of its type."
,Recommended,269650,24745236,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,♠mitôôgoτkaξh,"Very nice atmosphere, music and gfx.This is a old school platform game with rpg elements.Great game so far."
,Not Recommended,269650,15759043,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,James Lister,"story wise its getting good.. did not finish yet, but i cannot recommand due to these glaring issue:1) save system based on moving between map region, if you played 3 hours in 1 region and died you will reset back...-no ability to save-no ability to save between computers, it's in the registry, you need to do some low level export/import....2) controlls are not polished, using an XBox360 cotroller, the movement and fight is a bit twerky3) no clues as to missions and quests, the way you move to a map region is by running around X regions to get to a point, and you don't have any notion what to do, your quest log is filled and you finished quests by sheer luck and wandering around.4) hacking not explained so you need to learn by mistakes, i think the tutorial in game is impossible to pass cause you need special hacks that you don't have...?if they will fix all of the above i will change the rec to Yes, untill then i will try to finish the game."
76561197966991804,Not Recommended,269650,15786033,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,p370,"I like the game, but the corrupted saves really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off... I was already at Hammond's office, got an autosave there and also a manual save, but when I load those or any other saves I have, it puts me back at Redwood-Watts."
76561198013839374,Not Recommended,269650,31165177,Posted: 15 April,all,Olsen 370,"Dex could have been a nice little cyberpunk adventure game. Could! Some quests with decisions, an RPG level system and some interesting characters. But then there is this awful ""hacking"" mechanic that will get on your nerves the second time you do it. It´s a poorly done twin stick shooter with no fun at all that you have to do over and over again. And the story... Just another one ""save the world from an evil conspiracy""-scenario. I was too uninterested at the half of the game because of that. Nice attempt, but not a game to have fun with after all."
76561198217917847,Not Recommended,269650,28086094,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,max,"Sadly I have to return it as on Ubuntu some dialogs are not working, preventing me from seeing save slots and sound settings."
,Not Recommended,269650,17606666,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Oka_nieba,"Devs release OST DLC and usless localization, but cant even fix problems with controller support. For me,without gamepad, game is totally unplayable."
76561198005430731,Not Recommended,269650,15757141,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Chetan,alot of bugs
,Recommended,269650,28234421,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Munithe EXT,wow so meaningful
,Recommended,269650,15753156,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ajion,Buy the game when they fix save bugs.
,Not Recommended,269650,22152166,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ceronos,This game has some of the WORST combat I have ever seen. If you enter a door with an enemy anywhere around it they get up to 3 free hits before you can do ANYTHING. I have never seen a game with such horrible combat!
,Not Recommended,269650,17118600,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,luciffer,combat is terrible
76561198062488106,Not Recommended,269650,21756757,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,juginst,"Dissapointing. I expected good RPG with some oldschool graphics, but... This is rather an adventure game. It is not possible to play a role here, you can just follow stupid and straightforward plot made of dozens steam-punk cliches and do some other quest 'helping' people. You do not have any actual choice, It is just or you help someone even though you do not want to (playing this character) or you just loose some XP. These are the only choices you have. To find a person or not to find, to fetch a first aid kit or not. To hack computers you have to play a stupid mini-game, which I hate. I want to play a RPG, not some 8-bit top-down shooter with annoying sounds. And no way it is 'an open world'. Do not make me laugh. There are just a couple of NPCs (1-2 on each level) with exclamation mark above them. You cannot to talk to other people or do anything else. Levels are really small, just few screens wide. I regret that I did not ask for a refund earlier."
76561198179974283,Not Recommended,269650,24673645,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,fredex,"I know I haven't given this game much chance but the introduction to it was far from friendly or appealing and gives me the distinct impression that I won't like the rest of it, despite the style seeming great.After dropping into the sewers you're immediately thrown into an unbalanced fight with no way out. The enemies with the unblockable kicks that just chain knock you down were tedious and on my first try drained my health enough that the woman with the unblockable whippy chain insta killed me. Next time I just tried to run and noticed a health kit hidden up top of a ladder but couldn't get to it because I got stun locked in a corner. The third time I was sensible enough to kill the two guys, sprint to the ladder and get the health only to find enemies are totally incapable of following you up ladders.So I could just drop down behind the chain woman and mash the attack key whilst taking the damage. I thought I'd get to loot the chain and that would make things easier but no. Then, after drinking six litres of soda and beer to get my health just about back up to half I got yet more of the tedious kickers to fight. I killed them easy enough, went up a ladder and immediately got cut in half by an UZI.I looked through the controls to see if I could use the drone thing to kill him or something and found the roll key and managed to roll past him and spam him to death too sure there would be a nice shiny UZI in it for me to make fighting the rest of the thugs less boring and health consuming. No, I got a roll of toilet paper and a used porn mag for my troubles.The next room I walked into I saw a climb button, hit E and promptly fell into a bottomless pit which there was no conceivable reason for even being an option. So that was five deaths in the space of twenty minutes. The next ten were spent trapped in a small room because I had made the mistake of walking up a staircase and couldn't find a means to walk back down. As it turns out the solution was to stand up against the wall and hold space and the down key which resulted in my character glitching out totally but eventually crawling down the stairs like a doped up sloth... until I released space and they just jumped back into the room... assumedly to look for more toilet paper and soda.I know this might be being too harsh but if the first half hour was this filled with tedium then I can't really be bothered to stick around for the rest of it. The game started on a beautiful image and intriguing premise and then immediately went to generically punching people in a sewer filled with bottomless pits. That also seems like an apt metaphor for my brief experience with it."
,Recommended,269650,22281288,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DT,"A few minor annoyances here, and there, but overall it was a very good and quite unique experience! Great art, atmosphere, music, and interesting story."
76561197998962400,Not Recommended,269650,34709720,Posted: 3 September,all,Octavius,was good when i got it in early access. then the goofy story voice acting was added.
76561197993380318,Recommended,269650,12599999,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kamreth,"I'm not a fan of ""retro"" gaming, but this one has real potential.Graphics are really good, fluid and gritty enough for the theme.It could grow into an awesome sandboxy cyberpunk universe, at least I hope."
76561198042280538,Not Recommended,269650,29774825,Posted: 7 February,all,Barilius,"I expected 2D Deus Ex and that's mostly what I got. But I did not expect it to be this hard. The game gave me a big ♥♥♥♥ you when I realized that I could not progress the story because I chose the wrong skills to upgrade and could not do the AR hacking mini-game because the difficulty is too damn high!!! I tried to do follow some walkthrough in order to level up and put some skills in AR, but they all told me to use skills that were not upgraded. Most other guides told me ""you ♥♥♥♥ed up, restart""No thank you."
,Not Recommended,269650,15834610,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Aris,"The game has potential but the supposed 'developers' who built this should go and clean toilets as a living, instead of pretending that they can code.Saves do not work - it's a ground breaking feature so it must be difficult to implement, right?I have at least 5 quests that cannot be completed.Interaction with NPCs stops working and you cannot complete quests from them.Interface is bad and combat is even worse.Tutorial is non-existent and you have to check the forum to find out how to do basic things, e.g. use weapons!Shops do not renew their stock so you run out of bullets.Shooting guns is a joke.You run out of money towards the end, especially since you cannot complete quests.Just before the end the game locks you into a 'test' where you lose your inventory items and you are given just a useless EMP gun. You are then supposed to go through many enemies and turrets and survive...Bugs, bugs, bugs and more bugs....I wish I could take my money back but the best I can do is to never buy anything again from Dreadlocks Ltd. I advice you to avoid them like hell and give your money to developers that know what they are doing."
76561197998826460,Recommended,269650,23480960,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,chubbop,"This game is really really great. With huge story, many quests and beautiful graphic."
,Not Recommended,269650,19789200,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mike,"It was... alright, I guess.Uhm. That's really all I have to say-- it was barely enjoyable to the point that I was willing to play it only because there was jackshit else to do. But it certainly wasn't 'fun' enough to warrant it really only having two hours of gameplay, minus the few I have from leaving the game open.Absolutely riddled with bugs, a lot of gameplay mechanics simply poorly designed, the story and characters really not all too interesting. Plot was meh, attempt at a plot twist was meh, final boss was meh. Gameplay is mostly just you clicking rapidly and hoping that the dude falls over before you do.All in all, meh. If you're on the verge of death by boredom, go ahead. Otherwise-- you can find better. Really."
,Recommended,269650,17324191,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,🐧 crow,william gibson presents a beat-em-up
,Not Recommended,269650,18461318,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Lord Covenant,"Too unpolished for my tastes... It looked very promising (even if the animations are a bit clunky), and the world building is great (I'm a sucker for cyberpunk), but it really doesn't hold up in terms of gameplay compared to other great offerings on Steam...My main complaint is that the combat is very clunky... Defend, defend, wait opening, hit, defend, defend... It feels like turn based combat without the depth...Hopefully, a remaster of this title will appear one of these days with better gameplay... I'd like to see the story as a whole..."
76561197969454892,Recommended,269650,15735290,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Inignot12,:-)
76561198032750589,Not Recommended,269650,33089521,Posted: 1 July,all,kubilus1,"Buggy as hell on Linux, no steam cloud saves, and incompatible save formats between versions.  That's pretty slapdash design and a waste of time."
,Recommended,269650,14665337,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,une chat mélancolique,There is no game I am more excited for than DEX. It is exactly what I want to play.Love that it is a legitimate gritty cyberpunk open world in 2D!
,Not Recommended,269650,19086234,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,psyberjock,"Do you like really fun short games with terrible endings? Do you like gaining lots of power ups and then being denied their use right at the end of the game? Do you like annoying NPCs with terrible voice acting? If you answered ""yesh"" to any or all of these questions, then this game is for you.Pros: fun powerups, interesting storyline (when it doesn't drone on), and a great futuristic dystopian atmosphere.Cons: you can't level up each skill all the way, you don't have any notion of which skills will be useful until the end, and the game play actually gets progressively worse! Nerfing my character at the end is the biggest ""NO-NO"" of all time. The most frustrating and annoying ending ever. *spoiler alert* trying to do anything other than running through is a waste of time, then doing anything other than taking cheap long distance shots is a waste of time.The platformer action RPG part of the game is far and away the best. It's VERY fun and just challenging enough. The 2d scrolling shooter aspect of the game is TERRIBLE and so god danm boring! Yet it remains one of the most critical areas tht you should power up.*more spoilers*Don't bother powering up your endurance/melee the whole way, you wont get the chance to use that many implants. Don't bother doing anything with the charisma/conversation option aspect, it's just boring dialog. AR hacking? pointless. Get lockpicking (essential) and hacking skills (yes I know I said I hate that part, that's why you ♥♥♥♥ing need it!) Shooting skills? Pointless, bullets do little damage and take forever to reload. The shotgun has a magazine of 2 and can't one shot anything??GOD there are so many things wrong with this game it is so frustrating!! I am still confused why I found it fun when it just seems like from a game design standpoint, there are so many things wrong. Finally at the very end you see two little data nodes to hack, pick the left one and it's game over (as in win). What's at the top one? I don't know. I couldn't pick it because the game was OVER!OVERALL: A fun game that makes you hate yourself for enjoying and wasting time playing it.Someone shoot me. Oh, out of bullets, I'll wait as you stand perfectly still for a few seconds trying to reload your stupid gun that does insignificant damage."
,Not Recommended,269650,20409469,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zendu,So buggy I couldn't even finish the game.   Maybe that's a blessing though.
76561198115839860,Not Recommended,269650,17328968,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Jimmy the Squid,"Game runs for about 2 seconds on Linux (openSUSE & Ubuntu) then crashes with a libDreadlocksSteamworksUnityExtension.so DllNotFoundException in the log. This shouldn't happen on steam when it controles the libaries and I think the pathing is screwed up by the developer.I've waited for months to see if a fix would happen and.. nope.. nothing.Can't recomend, don't buy, it dosn't run."
,Not Recommended,269650,16177328,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,stu25151310,very incomplete bought it and alhough enjoyable in parts and graphics and idea is good i love cyberpunk and miss bladerunner pc etc but this ende dup being a lot of money wasted
,Recommended,269650,34770049,Posted: 5 September,all,Dr. Pepper Delivery Guy,"The FitnessGram Pacer test is a multi test arobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds, line up at the start, the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute you hear this signal: ♥♥♥♥ing normies, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a single lap should be completed each time your hear this sound: ""Allahu Akbar"", remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start, get ready: Start. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Two. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty One. Twenty Two. Twenty Three. Twenty Four. Twenty Five. Twenty Six. Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight. Twenty Nine. Thirty. Thirty One. Thirty Two. Thirty Three. Thirty Four. Thirty Five. Four Thirty Six. Thirty Seven. Thirty Eight. Thirty Nine. Fourty. Fourty One. Fourty Two. Fourty Three. Fourty Four. Fourty Five. Fourty Six. Fourty Seven. Fourty Eight. Fourty Nine. Fifty. Fifty One. Fifty Two. Fifty Three. Fifty Four. Fifty Five. Fifty Six. Fifty Seven. Fifty Eight. Fifty Nine. Sixty. Sixty One. Sixty Two. Sixty Three. Sixty Four. Sixty Five. Sixty Six. Sixty Seven. Sixty Eight. Sixty Nine. Ninety. Ninety One. Ninety Two. Ninety Three. Ninety Four. Ninety Five. Ninety Six. Ninety Seven. Ninety Eight. Ninety Nine. One Hundred. One Hundred and One. One Hundred and Two. One Hundred and Three. One Hundred and Four. One Hundred and Five. One Hundred and Six. One Hundred and Seven. One Hundred and Eight.One Hundred and Nine. One Hundred and Ten. One Hundred and Eleven. One Hundred and Twelve. One Hundred and Thirteen. One Hundred and Fourteen. One Hundred and Fifteen. Two. One Hundred and Sixteen. One Hundred and Seventeen.One Hundred and Eighteen. One Hundred and Nineteen. One Hundred and Twenty.One Hundred and Twenty One. One Hundred and Twenty Two. One Hundred and Twenty Three. One Hundred and Twenty Four. One Hundred and Twenty Five. One Hundred and Twenty Six. One Hundred and Twenty Seven. One Hundred and Twenty Eight. One Hundred and Twenty Nine. One Hundred and Thirty. One Hundred and Thirty One. One Hundred and Thirty Two. One Hundred and Thirty Three. One Hundred and Thirty Four. One Hundred and Thirty Five. One Hundred and Thirty Six. One Hundred and Thirty Seven. One Hundred and Thirty Eight. One Hundred and Thirty Nine. One Hundred and Fourty. One Hundred and Fourty One. One Hundred and Fourty Two. One Hundred and Fourty Three. One Hundred and Fourty Four. One Hundred and Fourty Five. One Hundred and Fourty Six. One Hundred and Fourty Seven.One Hundred and Fourty Eight.One Hundred and Fourty Nine. One Hundred and Fifty."
,Recommended,269650,23901074,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,alcolol,"THERE IS A HACKER NAMED ""CRASH"" AND HIS REAL NAME IS ""WADE[sic] MURPHY""HACK THE PLANEEEETTTTTTTTTTT"
76561198369353551,Not Recommended,269650,32034808,Posted: 28 May,all,dave098828,"Great game, interesting plot yet seemed to crash at specific points in game......"
,Recommended,269650,33359789,Posted: 7 July,all,Titanic21,To see my review for Dex please clickhere!Thanks.
,Not Recommended,269650,19751965,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,frans.bjorkstam,"Ugly animations, horrible controls. Good art direction and nice atmosphere."
76561197985327066,Recommended,269650,12588381,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,RØDSPÆTTE™,love the design- happy to support your baby .
,Not Recommended,269650,29233125,Posted: 13 January,all,onetime.promotion,"Well made cyber punk story. Begining is too harsh and if the game was longer it would have started to be a bit monotonic.  Has that oldschool feeling in it. Cut scenes are nicely done and really add up to the overall atmosphere.I would have hoped that the spiret would have had more detail, no matter that this was the enchanged version.Found couple of clitches in the Linux version *spoiler here* The first biomechanical addon scene acted weridly, takedown animation goes haywire if youäre not in the right position. -> enemy is couple of weets away and you're strangling air (hilarious), third clitch was in... some where in the cut scenes can't really remember anymore.Overall solid 8/10 -> if I must I have to weight it to the no section in the recommended part. :/ *hars*"
76561198047233776,Not Recommended,269650,15757810,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,44,Storyline is a mess. Gameplay is a joke. GOTY
76561197966686084,Not Recommended,269650,29806340,Posted: 9 February,all,cslangfrits,"All in all a pretty bad game. Controls are poor as is gameplay and combat... Graphics are whats to be expected, but but not really an issue. The story is descent however."
,Not Recommended,269650,26329477,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,lowrez,I thought it was pretty cool until I found out there are no melee weapons.
,Not Recommended,269650,24089741,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"As with most modern games, more art than substance."
,Recommended,269650,31519784,Posted: 3 May,all,Jonttunen,It's an RPG with an interesting setting and good mechanics.
76561198102302636,Recommended,269650,14121784,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,bbaileyn7,I get to have sex with three different characters without a condom.10/10
,Recommended,269650,15731405,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Deus ex machina,God yes I do recommend this game!
,Not Recommended,269650,29954874,Posted: 15 February,all,Byxorna,Everything about this game is mediocre.
76561197999596411,Recommended,269650,15731473,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Markgrave,Get it! Right Meow! It is Awesome!!!
,Not Recommended,269650,28881910,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,donald42,Action-rpg with platforming elements.
76561198017440770,Not Recommended,269650,24667548,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Devowra,bug with the controller
76561198161586693,Not Recommended,269650,32060666,Posted: 30 May,all,Ithidis,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. its so clunky, it feels like a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flash game."
76561198053547790,Not Recommended,269650,23947229,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,tarider,"I decided  to take a risk and buy this game on sale. I regretted it almost immediately. The game just doesn't seem to want to be played. I keep seeing it in my library, and thinking that there's something I'm missing, but if so, it must be well hidden. I can't reccomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,269650,23847312,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████
,Not Recommended,269650,11879073,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Filip,"The game feels somewhat half-baked and has a lot of bugs. I enjoy both the game genre (adventure / platformer / RPG) and the general setting (cyberpunk) and the character art is actually very good. Later in the game, I spent a lot of time running around the city - too bad it took me so long to find out I can just click on a location on the map to be transported there immediately (I found out at a point where I had to seek advice because this form of transport was necessary to move forward).Spoiler:(Non-violent) pacifist approach is only possible up to the battle with GSV-2 (a (major) boss fight)."
76561198077176902,Not Recommended,269650,11760277,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,davidiphone2010,Dont buy this yet am trying to make it work but the game crash on loading screen
76561197994794568,Recommended,269650,20265906,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Aviator Alligator,"Dex, a snazzy cyberpunk platformer with a  stellar soundtrack, doesn't take long too complete at all even with all achievements (a couple days), however don't let that be a deterrence; it's refreshing playing a short, sweet title like this.Dex is an old school platformers delight, with Metroidvania-ish gameplay and level layout but with some modern implementations (thankfully)  and a few original ideas. The overall aesthetic and presentation are both up to date, and abilities like all-the-time fast travel prevent a sense of staleness and repeating trudge of back-tracking areas.Needless to say, issues do crop up, and several are notable.Enemies don't respawn, so they are always tough to kill. Many fights require the right approach, or else you'll get you life chopped. The control layout doesn't help either, and you'll frantically press the wrong buttons and doing something silly like jack into cyberspace in the middle of a gun fight. When there are multiple enemies with multiple attacks on screen at once and they know you're there, forget it.Reload the room, and start over. Basically, combat feels out of hand alot of the time, and it's advice to stealth kill you way through the game for the easiest approach.Another things is Dex's strange narrative/gamelay combo... Most of the game is made up of sidequests, not necessarily relating to the arch plot encompassing Dex, Raycast, Decker, and the The Complex. As a result, the missions are interesting, but you don't get as emotionally invested in Dex and her plight as could have been. Its only the game's final missions and locations that really build to deep suspense, uncertainty, intrigue and then just plain out ""What the hell will happen next?!"" kind of moments that leave you floored.Finally, I'm yet to play a videogame where I actually look forward to fun cyberspace sections... Dex tries a fair game with a shooter simulation, but that double shot upgrade ought to be default imo. If you're just starting playing, some advice: upgrade hacking to 6 ASAP.Overall, I recommend Dex to old school platformer/Metroidvania junkies (or people who just like action platformers), and  of course for people who need a regular cyberpunk fix. I'm interested to see what other titles the developers have/will publish in the near future.Nice one Dreadlocks."
76561198006095026,Recommended,269650,20189777,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sylhux,Great and interesting main/side questsGreat Cyberpunk atmosphere8/10 Would recommend to any Cyberpunk fans.
,Recommended,269650,19505174,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Luciel,"Game is really good early on, but somehow the game feels rushed especially the endings.I would recommend the game but only on a sale, $20 is not a good price point for a game this short, if you skip the side quests the game can be completed in a few hours."
,Recommended,269650,20698803,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,-=NIMH=-,Playing this game makes me Moist! ..yea its that good...I would have payed 60 bucks for this game. Well done and true to cyber punk world in full from sights to sounds to game play...I mean I felt gritty after playing it.. in a good way! Game was made with love ...and it shows..10/10
76561198128153462,Recommended,269650,20539344,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,cameron871,"Dex is an example of when a developer makes an RPG the right way.  So many new developers are focusing on the wrong features like multiplayer, free to play etc... that they forget what makes a good game.  Dex may not have those shiny graphics but it has a lot of heart and is up there with some of the best rpgs.In Dex you get a large open world to explore filled with interesting characters, meaningful side quests and dangerous enemies and loot.  The Environments are beautiful and dripping with atmosphere.  Its the gritty dark cyberpunk setting you can expect.  Gameplay is fun especially the augmentation feature.  You ll start to become an aug addict very soon wanting the next awesome implant to make yourself a badass cyborg.  The story is great and makes you very invested in the characters struggles.  I have enjoyeed every moment of the 12 hours i put into the game without fail.In conclusion buy this game.  Its a shining example of RPGS done right and can even be said to be better than some AAA titles.  I only wish there was more to play and cant wait to see what the developers do next."
,Recommended,269650,20609068,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,cannibal,"Not the greatest game in the world, but a noble attempt. It's an adorable cyberpunk metroidvania. The dialogue and story are pretty weak, some of the quests are obtuse. On the whole worth playing."
,Recommended,269650,18954951,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,svarnypetr,"This game has a nice classical Cyberpunk feel to itself. Something like Flashback if you know it. There might be still some smaller bugs but that should not turn you down from an interesting experience with enjoyable action arcade hacking minigames and a classical CP storyline. Nothing surprising, but if you liked the original Deus Ex, you would like this also."
,Recommended,269650,18862956,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,nyhsa,"November 2015, 50+ hrs playedEdit: Uprate to 10/10. Bugs are gone and some minor features added. Good job.9/10 Recommendation givenA nice, athmospheric 2D cyberpunk gem. It has a solid, gripping story mixed with very fitting music and graphics. In addition, the voice acting is pretty good. It was worth it's 10 € (~28ct/hr).As I reviewed other reviews and the discussions, the devs are working to fix remaining bugs and polishing Dex. If the last bugs are gone, I will uprate my recommendation to 10/10."
76561197970866120,Recommended,269650,18570782,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ziabice,"A very good game. It's like a 2D Deus Ex. Has beautiful graphics and music, story has all the cyberpunk tropes you'd expect, but isn't particurarly innovative: you can skip all the chatting and go directly to the action without missing too much.Important: before playing read the help and check what are the commands! I figured out very late in the play through that I could use some special attacks playing the hacking mini-game.To me it's a 7/10.Maybe an Italian translation could have helped me immerse more into the story, who knows!"
76561197962812499,Recommended,269650,18495671,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,calriderzeke,Solid Metroidvania style game set in a neuromancer-ish/cyberpunk universe. This game is a little rough around the edges but overall an enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,269650,18720579,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,lisapalooza,"Spent a long time on the fence due to the mixed reviews.  Bought it imediately after finding out loot items were toilet paper , condoms, and beer.  100% satisfied."
,Recommended,269650,18449721,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Villiers,An enjoyable 2D sidescroller.  Plenty of sidequests to keep you busy as you explore the city.
,Recommended,269650,18794032,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Jaeger,"This is a really nice game, it's a lot of fun to play once you got into the combat and hacking mechanisms. First the technical aspects: the visuals are 2D, nothing special, but mostly very atmospheric. The sound effects are good, with some very good voice acting. I reckognized only two minor bugs throughout the whole playthrough.If you like the Deus Ex games, this is Deus Ex in 2D. The skill and augment systems are really nice and give you a bit of freedom to choose how you play the game. You can try to either walk the sneaky path or get trough the game by brute force (for me it was a mix of both ;-)).The story is a typical cyberpunk conspiracy plot, but it fits and is very entertaining.Overall, this is an indie gem, I can highly recommend it especially if you get it on a sale.P.S. This review refers to the Enhanced Edition, in which you can save almost anytime and anywhere. I never had any saving problems."
76561197990789743,Recommended,269650,18618950,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,vextorspace,"This is one of my favorite games in a long time! The story was very engaging, though I felt the ending was too easy and could have used a little more work - I would have liked to follow a bit more what happened after.Combat was a little clumsy, hacking was fun, level system was great, story was fabulous, art was great."
76561197998617621,Recommended,269650,18650569,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Baboulinet,It is cool!
,Recommended,269650,18440061,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Ursa,Really good game.  I had a lot of fun playing it.  The story was very good.
,Recommended,269650,18450699,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,"A great throwback style cyberpunk platform RPG. Good story and surprising depth of choice. The only thing that is a little ""weird' was the design choice to make hacking in cyberspace a twin stick shooter... but it works well and sticks with the throwback/retro styling. The soundtrack deserves special note, this is one of the few games in a really long time where I didn't turn the music down/off within the first 45 minutes of game play. Karel Antonín does an amazing job here, Spring for the soundtrack. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,269650,18800585,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Colonel-Commissar Stahl,"One of the best indie sidescroller games I've played in recent memory. The story was really fun to play through, and the Cyberpunk setting is gritty and awesome. Combat gameplay isn't the greatest, but the latest patches finally made it so you can at least move and shoot. You'll tend to find relatively quickly that it's best to attempt to be as stealthy as possible, to conserve your ammo and medical supplies. There's 3 different endings, with a fairly obvious point where they diverge. Rather than replay 3 times I recommend you save your game before the big choice point happens."
,Recommended,269650,18632665,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sir Juggernaut,"A great game if you've got ten hours to spare. It's short, but it's got an enjoyable, if somewhat cliched, story, and great art."
76561198033734047,Recommended,269650,18780272,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Plastik,"This game is like the quintessence of cyberpunk: not bringing anything revolutionary new to the table, but using genre-conventions flawlessly to spin a great cyberpunk tale.At it's core it's a pure RPG, even if at first sight it doesn't look that way. There's Choice & Consequence, character development and skill, non-fluff dialogue options... Design and writing is to the point; you'll find neither filler combat nor filler dialogue - anything you need to know about characters and world is developed by the advance of the story, no 'codex'-entries or info-dumps etc.Fans of Beneath a Steel Sky and Deus Ex might feel right at home here, while those of Skyrim or any recent Bioware game might probably less so."
,Recommended,269650,30501030,Posted: 13 March,all,Pelton has a laptop woah,"Dex is a cyberpunk game which takes place in the near future. The gameplay alternates between metal slug reminiscent themes, and bullet hell levels.Pros:The story is very unique, and well writtingVoice acting is done to perfection. All the voices have a unique personality to them.Side quests are not copy and paste. Each one has it's own uniqueness to them. Can you complete all of them?Gameplay is versatile. There are several ways to reach the same objective.Cutscene illustrations, while rare in the came are extremely well made.Soundtrack is averageUnique level up systemCons:Main protaganist's voice for things like jumping and taking damage is grating and slightly annoyingAwkward movement animationsPoorly written endingConclusion: As long as you're willing to overlook the few flaws this game has, it is an excellent play, and a breath of fresh air in the gaming industry.Final score: 8/10"
76561197999535073,Recommended,269650,20876402,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kalingorgna,"I have played this game from early access to what is now a finshed game, I think the only criticism about the game is that I wish the final release lasted longer because of how much fun it was to play. the game story is a lot like Deus Ex.  the graphics and colour tones work fantasicly to bring the world alive.  combat its a shame that in the final version they took out the ability to punch while crouched but I do understand that it was also a easy way to win fights as enemy AI couldn't counter atack, but over all the finshed combat is challenging and dynamic. I think the game would have been improved with some more missons before being taken to the final map area and the two final missions being more spread out would have been nice but that may have been because I finished all the side quests before doing that mission."
76561197987332012,Recommended,269650,21453969,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,oldeizerssen,Classy oldschool cyberpunk RPG from the skilled czech developers. I was very hyped for this game before it was released and after release it's met all my expectations. Beautiful art thanks to lead artist Prokop Smetana. I highly recommend for enthusiasts of this style.
,Recommended,269650,21418832,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Vault Dweller,"I love this game, nice story, nice characters and voice. I feel like playing a new amazing platform game in 1990 era, it's a kind nostalgic. If you like cyberpunk and sci-fi games, you realy need to give Dex a chance."
76561198004950831,Recommended,269650,21864440,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Douche Nozzle,Fun little side cyberpunk adventure game. Worth sinking a few hours in if you can get it on sale.
,Recommended,269650,20805323,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dr Robby C ESKWAYA . JPG,"I found Dex to be a very cool, stylistic game of a pretty rare genre (in fact I can't ever remember playing another one): a 2d RPG. I'm surprised I have as few hours on record as Steam tells me because I felt like I played it for quite a long time. Nevertheless, I strongly recommend this game to any fans of the sci-fi/cyberpunk genre. It's very immersive, has some great character building/skill tree building elements of an RPG, and has some great 'in the machine/matrix' hacking interfaces that are a lot of fun to explore."
76561197989659594,Recommended,269650,20795969,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoChillAllShill,One of the few games I bought in 2015 that I finished. This means there needs to be more of it.
,Recommended,269650,21373700,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,John,Enjoyable game. Limited combat mechanics and mediocre hacking mini game but the overworld and setting is excellent.
76561198065046595,Recommended,269650,21514669,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Landis,"Great Game! Although I could write a fully detailed review on it's strengths and weaknesses, I am lazy and am going to just leave it at great game. One of the best cyberpunk atmospheres ive experienced!"
76561198050142944,Recommended,269650,22081509,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Tranquil Zebra,"While I've had some difficulty distinguishing platforms in the foreground from the background, leading to some silly and avoidable deaths, the game is both beautiful and stylish. So far the game sticks to its aesthetics, and to the cyberpunk theme, and it's easy to get lost in the rich world. Getting snippets of background info in the shape of mini essays and emails through the hacking minigame shows that the game borrows from Deus Ex: Human Revolution, with the yellow/amber HUD-elements bringing the point home harder still. Deus Ex is not a bad game to borrow from by any means, and the initial clunkiness of the character, having 0 skill points invested, reminds a little of the player character in the original Deus Ex. The player can, however, upgrade themselves through leveling and cybernetic augmantation, and their chosen style of play becomes comparatively easier.Dex is not an easy game on the default difficulty (the difficulty can be lowered), but it feels like that's because to do everything, you need to specialise in everything, which is per definition impossible. You can bulldoze through as a regenerating tank, sneak around under the cover of darkness, or you can hack turrets, alarms and the implants of your enemies to get an edge. If you're unprepared, you can't really bull through without cheese like sniping people offscreen by memory, but getting killed feels more like a rebuke to find another way where this is the case. Some problems come to mind, the platforms not popping enough for example, but I would recommend the game in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,269650,22139380,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Elegant Goblin In Africa,"Cool game. Think of a 2D/toon version of a Neuromancer and Ghost In The Shell hybrid and you won't be far. It would've looked fabulous with 3D rendered artwork reinforcing the dark mood. Blade Runner like. I would gladly pay more if Dex II comes out with something like this. Still a fantastic time sink, recommended."
76561197993243451,Recommended,269650,25304901,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Tama,"I was not expecting this game to be as fun and addictive as I did. I have been going to bed far too late since I started playing it. Fans of cyberpunk, dystopia, artificial intelligence, posthumanism, and even just old school rpg adventures, you all simply must play this. It has its bugs, for sure, but that has not stopped me for more than maybe 15 minutes while I figured out what the couple of bugs were, and I resolved them nicely with the help of the steam walkthroughs and forums."
76561198003163927,Recommended,269650,25290656,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MG,It only takes about 8 hours to finish fully but it is a nice cyberpunk romp. :) Comes recommended
76561198000025966,Recommended,269650,25296809,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,bobgarrish,"If you're a fan of cyberpunk and Shadowrun universe type stuff, then Dex is probably going to make you happy.  I didn't really 'get it' at the start of the game, but one recommendation to do some side-quests instead of trying right away for the 'get modded' quest fixed that.I went start to finish with a melee build, never bothered with ranged weapons at all.  You will want to invest in the lockpicking skill (both levels) and the AR skill (both levels) as soon as possible, those are the most important skills in the game.I thought the story was pretty interesting, and kept wanting to play and go further in the game to see what was going to happen.  Gameplay is solid when you get the hang of it.  It's definitely more in the vein of the SNES Shadowrun game where the game mechanics are basic and solid, but the story and character building are the starts of the show.I'd give it a 7/10 for maybe a general audience, but 8.5/10 for people who are into cyberpunk."
,Recommended,269650,20155416,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mangostar*,Hidden gem is probably the best way to sum this game up.
,Recommended,269650,22309303,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Babar,This is a nice little game. Quests are really well done and the story moves along at a nice pace. Really enjoyed the freedom of action and the atmosphere of the city.Lots of NPCs make it a believable world that you can experience. Be warned that this is NOT a metroidvania. Combat is rudimentary at best and the upgrades are only there for alternate path routes - not hard requirement.Despite its limitations i really enjoyed my time i there.
76561198046773143,Recommended,269650,22371804,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,timothyrollin,"Really enjoyable gameplay with good cyberpunk atmosphere and story.The fighting, missions and upgrade system is satisfying.The only downside i can think of is the finite amount of enemies.Eventually you run out of missions and there arent any places where enemies respawn so once you kill everyone they are gone for good."
76561197986760552,Recommended,269650,22471231,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Shockwave,"Dex is an action platformer set in a cyberpunk dystopian future where mega corporations rule the world with hackers rebelling against them. The setting is a bit reminiscent of the Shadowrun series, although not quite as gritty.There is a good mix of exploration, fighting, leveling, scavenging, story dialog and side quests. While no one element is ground breaking, the varied gameplay keeps the game engaging till the end.There are lots of choices but not much in the way of consequences. Save for some side quests needing to be completed a certain way for some achievements there really isn’t a huge difference in the outcomes of the different dialog choices other than getting slightly different responses and maybe a bit more or less EXP. The game can just be saved and loaded to see all of the different outcomes, I didn’t really see the point of playing through the game twice.-Playtime-A good 16 hours to complete the game with all side quests.-Achievements-Most of the achievements you will get just by progressing through the game normally. There are several for getting the “good” result of many of the side quests. With a guide for these I got 100% on my first play through.Recommended on sale."
,Recommended,269650,22554781,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Ason,Very cool 2D Roleplaying game with lots of quests augments and places to discover. I loved the fist-combat and the overall music.
76561197997181047,Recommended,269650,22540095,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Carde,"I will be honnest here, I am terrible at games like these and while I tried I simple failed to much so I proceeded to play this game with a trainer, though later on things get a bit more manageable when you start to unlock more things and gain more control over the fights.To me however what drew me to this game was a combination of art style and story. The overal main red line of the story is as to be expected one done many times over, it is hard to avoid and frankly the least important factor of the story. Now what made the story great for me are all the little bits, the mistakes you can make without knowing the way you see everything play out and than get that subtle hint that you could have done better. I think now I completed my first playthrough I will certainly do an other as I missed some side quests and I like to see if I can do better with some of the things I did.Overal I would recommend this game if it is up your ally gameplay wise and story wise. I certainly have no regrets and with 10 hour baseline time for a single quick play through which can be 15 hours or a bit more if you go into everything it is an overal enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,269650,22538220,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,No Handshake,"Dex has been a very pleasant adventure from start to end so it's with a joyful heart that I am writing this review. I don't intend this to be a full-scale review so I will simply sum up what I liked and what I disliked:+ responsive, fast-paced, fun to play+ well-written scenario and dialogues+ rich background environement, both in texture details as in the narrative+ very successfully rendered atmosphere of the 80s-90s cyberpunk novels or graphic novels, without comprimising to much in favour of tasteless fan-service- don't think you can even begin to appreciate the game if you don't pay thorough attention to the side quests- main character lacks in psychology (OK i get it that you want some template any player can fill in, but the rebel/teenager attitude falls a bit short sometimes)- Cyberspace tasks too easy even with basic hacking abilitiesThis game is a must for any cyberpunk fan/maniac/nostalgicThis game should be given a shot if you'd like an immersive universe and story that seems to have a life of it's own but don't have too much time to play."
76561197970655157,Recommended,269650,22555784,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,NiKE2002,"Great Game, great art design, big THX to the developers!!! Would buy Dex2 if it ever should be made!"
,Recommended,269650,22577829,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Micah,"You can definitely tell this is game was made on a budget. That said, it's great cyberpunk stuff and decent moment-to-moment gameplay if you're into metroidvania-style mechanics."
,Recommended,269650,22801133,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Moebius,"Rather easy & with a few bugs, but overall a very nice experience to play. The skill system allows for some customization (mostly your combat style: melee, ranged or augement/hack based, the non-combat ones add some flavor), the story / cutscenes / background create a nice Cyberpunk atmosphere. First playthrough took me about 15-18h, subsequent ones 4-7h (worth it, there was some hidden stuff / ending modifiers / choices that I missed the first time around). The only thing that disappointed me is the length, but in a good longing-for-more way."
76561197994565624,Recommended,269650,24267083,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Johnny RonBeard,"Dex is suitably entertaining, and suitably cyberpunk although sometimes it seems like it cannot decide if it is The Matrix or not.  The game offers a few different playstyle choices, although since hacking and combat will always both be required the variety does not seem significant enough to warrent multiple playthroughs.In-game graphics are a little pixelly, but that's fine.  The voice-overs for the most part are well-done, with Dex and Decker's voices in particular doing a great job.  The hand-painted cutscenes are likewise really good for the most part.Dex was entertaining and engaging enough that I would be interested in seeing more."
76561197972042943,Recommended,269650,25040070,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,InterGalactic,Enjoyable cyberpunk RPG.
76561198067322131,Recommended,269650,24771510,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Capt. Jack,"Aside some minor bugs, this is a very anjoyable game.Nice graphics and story, simple combat sistem and gameplay.8/10"
,Recommended,269650,24771593,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Capital D,"This is a well crafted and fun cyberpunk adventure. It visits some well trodden tropes of the genre all the while keeping you guessing as to the real answers right up to the end. You can approach many of the challenges a number of different ways, though in the end you will likely be powerful enough to crush all the enemies anyway, at least the social interactions with the different characters inovke different outcomes for those characters. Overall, very enjoyable, especially if you are fond of the genre."
,Recommended,269650,24800452,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,FireWaran,"For me it was a pleasure to play this game.It has a really nice story to tell which i enjoyed and liked to follow.The gameplay is really open to choose, I played it the hacker way, focused on that at first. But it seems that you could go also as melee fighter or ranged warrior first. For each of these you can proceed on an agressive way or sneak round. The most of the quest are free to do, of course if you want to level up it would be wise to do them.You can freely roam the citry, only a few areas are mission related and get unlocked later.In general i found it not to difficult to play but i guess it depends on how you approach is.It has a lot of dialogs, gladly all are with voice, this is defently a plus :)Maybe i play it again just to get the missing achivements :P, once you know the story there is no reason to play it through a second time to find something else. At least that is the feeling i have after the first playthrough.Summary, i liked it and so i recommend it."
,Recommended,269650,24836162,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,corLeone,"Fun exploration, great atmoshphere, good music, great voice acting. If you're a fan of metroidvania games then definitely pick this game up."
76561197994285263,Recommended,269650,24920288,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,turbodevil,"Deus Ex 2d.Obviously, both games are cyberpunk RPG. But there is one resemblence that stands out for me.You see, neither of these games have great mechanics imo. There is combat, rpg progression, stealth, and it's decent at best. For all these parts, you can easily find better games.Still, when all the mediocre parts are put together, you end up with a game that's fun and I was having fun. That's all the games are for, right?Easily recommended. If you want to kick punk asses as cyborg girl on the run, adding some anarchy to a grim world ruled by futuristic evil techno corporations, the game is for you.20 hours of fun."
,Recommended,269650,24934005,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,javitoker,"Great game, especially if you like 80s, dystopian sci-fi. It's like mixing Blade Runner with classic Metroidvania."
76561198027939546,Recommended,269650,24516990,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Tahrlass,"It's a non-linear story, which is nice.  I'm not sure which paths are more... fun?  I might see about doing things differently.  I went for a melee/hacking build the first run.  Using guns is like the first Resident Evil, not Contra.  That threw me off.  And would it be too much to ask for melee weapons?  She's a super hacker, but can't even pick up a baseball bat, much less a really cool vibro katana.All in all, worth the money I plunked down.  It's been a long time since a game kept me up until dawn."
76561197984194815,Recommended,269650,25795799,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,nonb3ing,"Great little game. Enjoyed every aspect of it - the gameplay, ambience, music, even the combat that some people seem to hate. Most of all, a superb cyberpunk story with undeniable ""influences"" from The Matrix and Deus Ex. Really would have liked to hear Dex speak a bit more (we only get to hear her in 2 or 3 short cutscenes in the entire game). But that's hardly a complaint.An unputdownable, memorable RPG, totally worth the money. 9/10."
,Recommended,269650,25716747,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,IanTheRed,"Beautiful art direction.  B- Story. Multiple ways to play the game, guns blazing, stealth. Morally gray quest lines and side quests give some meat to the game. Hacking mini game gets kinda stale fast.  Felt better on a controller vs KBM.  Some attempts at humor, to varieing degrees of success."
,Recommended,269650,25611733,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,vatos-loco,"This is an awesome platformer rpg action adventure rogue like puzzle game (so I dont understant the negative reviews). I especially like the way you can play through it in different ways (hacker, thief, brawler, gunner)Cool cyberpunk atmosphere. Great soundtrack. Good story. Not too short and not too long. Lots of replay value. Worth every penny. Buy It"
,Recommended,269650,25745145,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Rammsau,"Great game, enjoyed it alot!Reminded me of the Cyberpunk titles of old, very nice and good story to boot!Definately recommended buy and if the developers make a sequel I will gladly buy it."
,Recommended,269650,24990940,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,faesaia,"When I read some of the reviews before I purchased this game stating that this is one the best RPG games they've played, I was skeptic. After finishing the game in 22 hrs, I can relate to Paul Sweeney's quote: ""You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend."" And this is definitely not just a 'good' game, it's the best RPG game I've ever played. There, I said it.This game is certainly a William Gibson-esque reliving of the '80s cyberpunk outfit. The action, substance, intrigue-factor, progression, and variation of the story based on the player's choices are in equilibrium -- making this an authentic 'RPG' game, unlike some common so-called RPG games with messed up mechanics and usually follows an inescapable linear story.You may think 'side-quests' are optional on this game -- of course they are. But curiosity strikes iron and you'll end up wanting to finish all. So did I.I also like how they engaged some classic arcade elements and basic cryptography puzzles within a story-rich game.Need to say I recommend this? Okay, I recommend Dex.UPDATE: This game should get an ""I've Lost A Good Friend"" award."
,Recommended,269650,30933933,Posted: 3 April,all,MeMosh,"This game is really good, voice acting aside, most of the dialogue and story is very well written, the cyberpunk word is interesting and well designed, the character progression is engaging and the gameplay fun, what else could we ask for?If you liked games like deus ex, this is like a 2d light version of that, been glued to the chair from the beggining."
,Recommended,269650,26578638,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sergey Palyanov,"Difficult at the beginning, but once you understand the concept and controls, there are no problems with difficulty.Advice: level up your hacking skills first.Overall very nice game and it's way longer than I expected it to be, a pleasant surprise indeed."
76561197973864561,Recommended,269650,26583041,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Laslo,"For the first part of the game I was literally glued to the screen, enjoying the Semi-Retro 2D Sci-Fi RPG Adventure Cyberpunk gameplay. I couldn't put it down, didn't eat, didn't sleep, well okay I did eat and sleep, but still, I was engrossed.It was like a combination of Impossible Mission, Mission Elevator, Neuromancer and with a bit of Double Dragon sprinkled in.Until the trials, when you suddenly lose all your hard earned upgrades and have to go back to a now unfamiliar style of game play, forcing you to use covert tactics instead of my preferred quake-style game play.That was the meh-moment for me. Maybe I'll finish it some of these days."
76561197993330943,Recommended,269650,26562004,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Banzai,"Great little side scroller cpunk RPG with all the right ingredients.  Voice acted decently for the most part, a simple yet satisfying combat system, hacking that is a lot more arcade like, and a whole bunch of interesting settings, characters and plots to keep you interested.I found that it was just the right duration of game as well, clocking it at around 12 hours for a 95% complete playthrough (I missed a few achievements, oh well).  Limited replay value due to its genre but its possible to play with different skill point allocations.Only down side was that the outfit DLC (free) didn't work for me. There's a workaround in forums to get it going but I only found that after I'd already completed the game."
76561198040138323,Recommended,269650,26494225,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Speeder7777777,"This game is just plain fun in every aspect of it.+ Combat is fun because there are many ways to kills: Melee (has combo to put down enemies, etc), guns, stleath such as takedown, and you can hack them for easy takedown (yes there is a skill that lets you stun enemies by hacking them). Also, the levels are made so you can avoid enemies.+ Story is awsome: Its fully voiced with greate disalogue and a good sense of humour+ Sound, graphics are all appealing.- Well, like any good game, it is always too short ;)"
76561197993406435,Recommended,269650,25949974,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,gawencrow,Fantastic side scroller cyberpunk adventure in the Sprawl!! Old school gameplay in a futuristic genre. Easy addictive FUN. BUY IT.
,Recommended,269650,26449239,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Thorn,"One of my new favorites. There needs to be more games like this. Beautifully crafted artwork, excellent voice acting, a well written plot and storyline. It was short and sweet. My kind of game all the way. Hacking takes some getting used to, but by the end of the game I was loving the breaks and change in gameplay. Thank you for the experience. Five Stars"
,Recommended,269650,26429211,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,S7.RainbowDash,"Very fun but short 2d sidescrolling deus ex, tons of side missions to go about and at least 3 different endings with cutscenes, that are actually different."
76561198060876173,Recommended,269650,26359835,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hand of Sheog,"I like this game. Combat is really iffy at the start (you have no weapons, everyone else does). Even after you get guns, you can feel they're not the main focus of how the game wants you to deal with enemies. The plot is solid, but does adhere to  a few dystopian-future tropes.A good game. I just can't figure out why I kept finding condoms everywhere. Was I supposed to make a life-raft out of them? For a secret achievement, or something?"
76561198012239503,Recommended,269650,26902857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FluidLogic,"Short and Sweet.I tried this game a while back, and stopped playing it almost immediately. Not sure why it didn't grab me the first time, but I picked it up again earlier this year and ended up sinking 27 hours into it.There is a surprising amount of stuff packed into this game. I loved the exploration elements and there was quite a bit of choice/options for a small game like this.I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of platformers with RPG elements."
,Recommended,269650,25967466,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,AvengerKit,"Although I finished the game within 10 hours, But the plot is quite wonderful, The story is quite twisting. There is only 2 endings.What I like about the game is that, there are lots of ways to go through a simple side quest. You can use multiple ways to go through it but mostly are just a simple tasks.Not really difficult even for average platform gamers can get by it easily."
,Recommended,269650,25961788,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Cαitlin № GO Yεa!™,Very fun game! Great steampunk graphics! Had to rebind a few keys but no worries at all.Rating 9/10.
76561198025643813,Recommended,269650,25964824,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ekscrypto,"Good naratives, a little short, predictable story line.If you like cyber enhanced human virtual worlds, this one will be a gem to play.  Challenging (early on anyways) ""shooter"" style hacking, with the character progression those hacking sessions become easier and easier and will even play a key role in your platforming and fighting strategies.The game has about 16 hours of content if you do all side quests; which in my books is quite short.   Replaying the game more than once will feel repetitive.  On the other hand, the voice over is nicely done, the music is entertaining and the platforming difficulty in on par with my moderate skills.I recommend picking up while on sale."
76561198041744890,Recommended,269650,24713299,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Macal,Awesome game!!!Nothing to mention that hasn't been mention beforeDefinitely I do recommend the game.
76561197997557701,Recommended,269650,26141175,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,iNfLiKtOr,"After having played this game from beginning to end I have to say it more than lived up to what I could have reasonably expected. The setting is excellent the story excellent the inventory and gameplay excellent and then there is the gfx again excellent. I do realise that it may sound like I am gushing praise on this game and if it seems like that it is simply because it eanred it. First the good price value, in todays game envirnment it is good to see a game developer take its time and do it right. The side scrolling gameplay mechanics are very similer to the old school snes and genisis classic Flashback but with a number of enhancments. As for the future dystopian society verging on callapse with cyberpunk net hacking stealth themed gameplay......brilliant just brilliant. So, do i recommend spending your money and playing it? the answere simply is yes absolutly yes."
76561198004877053,Recommended,269650,24237179,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Uriel,"This game is simply awesome. Sure, it has flaws. The animation is really poor, sends us back to the glorious days of 16-bits consoles. Weapon choice is very limited (and if you're anything like me, you'll go melee most of the time anyway). There are some frustrating moments, especially during some hacking phases.But overall, the non-linear gameplay is outstanding, the characters, if a bit cliché, are well concieved, the story has some twists, the quests can be completed in different manners (it doesn't affect the main story, but it still is a nice touch)... The whole game feels like playing something out of a William Gibbson novel.If this didn't convince you, let me try this way : first time I started the game, I played 5 hours straight, paused to eat something, then 3 more hours. When I finished the game, I started another playthrough immediately to try other quests choices and the other ending (which was disapointingly lacking of details compared to the first one I tried), and even got to beat all the achievements, which is something I usually don't care about.Would I recommend the game ? Hell yes."
,Recommended,269650,24698830,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Four Wheeled Wingman,The combat is a little clunky. The balance is a little wonky. The experience is incredible.
,Recommended,269650,24698850,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tonybot,"a gem of a game, with great art, gameplay and engaging quests to keep you exploring for hours. dex is definitely on my top ten list of blue-haired protagonists i would follow to the end of the world"
,Recommended,269650,24692321,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,blums,I LOVE THIS GAME!It gives you that old school feel like Beneath a Steel Sky or Neuromancer (1988).Good story with lots of side quests and voice acting!The combat kinda sucks but...I LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,269650,24708046,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,kor_,Awesome cyberpunk game with great voice acting and immersive story. The combat system is also very clever and gives a real challenge. Even though the game was pretty short I'd still recommend playing it.
76561198019250288,Recommended,269650,25033890,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,zsolt.sandor,"What an amazing game. I just finished it in 12.7 hours, the story, the gameplay, everything was brilliant. Thank you very much, I hope there will be a DLC or Dex 2."
,Recommended,269650,24914111,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rainbro,"I must simply say that I thoroughly enjoyed this game.I haven't had much fun with many games nowadays due to a lack of interest and poor quality of recent titles, but this got me playing until the end. I was skeptical at first it being a 2-d side scroller (to which I generally do not enjoy), but as I progressed through the story, it got more engaging with each npc.This game DOES has its caveats, mainly the combat system, but if you don't focus on that aspect and continue through to your next objective, it can be a great experience to have and to understand Dex's story."
76561198289066012,Recommended,269650,24963003,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sun Knife,"Dex is an indie video game developed and published by Dreadlocks Ltd. It is an open world side-scrolling action role-playing game set in a cyberpunk world. Pretty much a Metroidvania.I got it in a sale for under 5 bucks (currency is funny). I got 14 hours of game, regular gameplay, excellent voice acting and decent writing. The game solved a lot of issues with the Enhanced Edition but there are minor things still 'round: two collection sidequests are unfinishable but every time you deliever the items you get experience and money, so it's not important; sometimes NPC's portrait shuts his/her mouth and you still hear the voice. If you kill someone with stealth you won't hear a single thing: not a ""thud"" nor an ""ugh""; sometimes your answer is cut in half 'cause the NPC's text won't fit in the screen nicely. Minor things, like I said.Pros:+ Several solutions are possible for the very same problem.+ The voice acting is really nice.+ Couple of sidequests to get more stuff.+ Likeable characters.+ Some nice twists; if you're genre savvy you will throught it, though.Con:- If you don't invest in the hacking tree one or two missions become very, very hard and/or expensive.- Some sidequests need specific implants in order to finish 'em.- If using control: melee combat is a bit awkward due button distribution. Hacking is awkward too  'cause you won't get very precise aiming. Still playable.Very nice example of cyberpunk in general. Excellent game for a sale."
76561198043462067,Recommended,269650,25000918,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mwlouisiana,"Out of all the garbage being produced today, this game was a good break from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Easy to play, fun to play, and a half decent story."
76561198038126793,Recommended,269650,24994433,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Alasdair,"Excellent game in shadowrun-like universe dominated by mega corporations. Only slight problem was the ending, which makes little sense and is very abrupt."
,Recommended,269650,25020620,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,stronzio,"I'm usually not a big fan of platforming/action games, but when I saw this game on sale I decided to give it a go as it looked very interesting. Well I'm glad I did it!As I mentioned before, Dex is an action/patforming game with strong RPG elements and an open world approach, all of which exceptionally and surprisingly well soldered together and masterfully executed.When I first installed Dex I hadn't many expectations but I have to say that this game grew on me so fast that I played the hell out of it and felt kinda sad when it was finally over.As anaction game, it's enjoyable and clever (i.e. don't pick your fights gun blazing, go melee and save ammo for when you incapacitate your enemies, or even better don't use them at all and be stealthy);As anRPG, it has everything you need: solid story, branching paths, solid voice acting, solid characters and a full dialogue system. The approach to open world used here also works exceptionally well, moving through the locations isn't a chore and is super smooth, which is something I don't take for granted especially for games like these.On the technical side, I loved the graphic style: not too pixel-y but still very retro, incredibly detailed and full of charisma. Music is also great and immersive.While playing I got may different vibes, the general setting + the dialogues/RPG elements are clearly inspired by games like theShadowrunseries and other classics such as the old schoolFalloutsand other similar RPGs, while still having a personality of its own.In conclusion, buy it! It's an enjoyable game, also quite long: it took me about 16 h to beat, and there a consistent replay value. Highly reccomended"
76561198076205586,Recommended,269650,22010522,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Acuru,"Im not into platform games, but i liked this very much. The story is great."
76561198039654749,Recommended,269650,20543927,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lendmeister,Great Game!Love the Cyberpunk world and the multiple aproaches u can play it.Loads of options to build your caracther and really cool 2d beat n up.Totally recommend it
,Recommended,269650,16519526,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bloodartist,"Excellent story and art design, good game mechanics, an overall good package. There is basically nothing I don't like in the game. The most positive surprise of this year.  I recommend it for everyone, especially fans of Cyberpunk!"
76561197999597024,Recommended,269650,16483774,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,paksas,"It'll suck you down C-space so quick and deep, you won't even have a time to jerk the jack out of your neck.Truly amazing piece of work, despite minor control glitches. A must have for any Cyberpunk fan out there."
76561198035997445,Recommended,269650,17218019,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,tropafitness,"great story, innovative"
,Recommended,269650,29229136,Posted: 13 January,all,✝✝✝Pio Padre✝✝✝,"Nice game, you can find everything that's cyberpunk here. The atmosphere, the story, the characters, they are all really cyberpunk-ish.However, it seemed too easy to me. There was no real effort in fights (both irl fights and cyberspace ones).Also, there are some minor bugs, which may make you replay the game in order to get all the achievements.But overall, I had a good experience and got really catched by the story and character developement.If only this game had been more difficult, it might've been a masterpiece in the genre."
,Recommended,269650,28650692,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Baby Mammoth,"Enjoy every second playing this game!I would recommend to upgrade the lockpick skills first, and focus on hacking and melee skills. Your hacking skills will be required to complete your side quests and main quests in the story. It's even more fun when you can hack the security system during the fight. I wish to see some development on weapon choices and map expansion as I enjoy playing this game a lot. Maybe more DLC or Dex 2?"
,Recommended,269650,28591245,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Orion,"Great game!Story choices are very limited and combat takes some getting used to. The hacking minigame is not very fun, but still better than I've seen in some other games.In the end the athmosphere and setting make more than up for it, particularly thanks to the fantastic backgrounds and epic soundtrack."
,Recommended,269650,18642880,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,d34dN0M0R,"It's a Metroidvania game with slight stealth elements, guns and unarmed fights.Classic cyberpunk setting with large evil corporations, augmentations and hackers.¤ Neat graphics - backgrounds, effects and characters are looking good.¤ Music is plain, though I never thought of turning it off.¤ The plot... well, nothing exceptional, but quite amusing.Simple but surprisingly good game.8 stolen livers / 10"
,Recommended,269650,28298089,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Admiral Sunshine,"Totally amazing story and atmospherecompletely let down by a shockingly boring and anti-climactic ending. I'm gob-smacked. In disbelief... You're not allowed to end a game like that!!!.Nicely non-linear, overall satisfying. A great gaming experience with excellent narrative. Some minor mission bugs, and far too easy difficulty even on max."
76561197994968059,Recommended,269650,28757657,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,{NERV} Trigeminal_Ganglion,"Great game, worth the time and money! Good story and unique take on cyberpunk.  The odd use of side scrolling action and top down hacking mini-game really succeeds!"
76561198022867449,Recommended,269650,32096659,Posted: 31 May,all,Messo,"""Yes"" or ""No"". Hard to make this call. I guess this one is a ""maybe""?! If you are into 2D action RPGs, Cyberpunk, and if it's on sale, maybe you should get it. Saddly it looks more like a checklist quest RPG than a real RPG."
76561197970739339,Recommended,269650,31347890,Posted: 24 April,all,Captain Chaos,"Dex is a free-roaming cyberpunk action-adventure, a bit like Deus Ex in 2D- and it's the only 2D game I can recall that has a fast-travel system, a welcome convenience when carrying out the many, many sidequests, which account for the majority of the game's content. You take the role of a seemingly average blue-haired,  latent street samurai, Dex, living in the urban mess known as Harbor Prime. Like many a cyberpunk protagonist, she suddenly finds herself wanted by armed thugs working for mysterious corpro-government interests. Fleeing for her life into the streets, Dex meets an assortment of colorful characters and must acquire various gear and eventually cyborg implants to stay alive and ahead of the game. Flexible character progression allows for melee, gunfighting, hacking, persuasion and cyborg enhancements like super-jumps and cloaking.It's got passable music, excellent spritework, pretty good voicework, and notably, a free DLC that adds extremely useful alternate outfits, most notably the Armagear Invisisuit, which allows you to stay cloaked indefinately provided you do not reveal yourself by attacking or interacting with objects.There's lots of people to talk to and items to find, and in true RPG fashion, most NPCs have problems that they need some peppy go-getting hero to deal with. Doing most, or all of these, as well as finding Memory Chip items, can see you reaching the level cap before the game's end, or at least being able to max out two of the six-tier skill trees: Endurance, Melee, Ranged and Hacking. The rest of the skills have only two tiers: Charisma, Augmented Reality and Barter. Endurance in particular is valuable because investing in it not only increases your health but also the maximum number of cybermods you can install, all of which have more dramatic effects then your skills.Combat is simple to grasp but slightly finicky in execution: Melee movements can easily carry you past an enemy and leave you open to attack, and aiming, firing and reloading a gun can only be done while stationary. In addition, two of the game's stronger guns, the Shotgun and the SMG, can not even be used unless you invest up to the fourth tier of the Ranged skill- however, I got through 90% of the game by using the Magnum when I needed a gun, and it's fairly powerful in its own right. In practice, the most effective method of dispatching your foes is to sneak up behind them and perform an instant takedown- a breeze if you use the stealth suit. For some enemies, like the armored, assault-rifle toting soldier enemies who cannot be sneak-attacked and appear en-masse towards the endgame, you might want to use the EuroForce Battlegear suit instead, which allows you to block bullets as you would melee attacks. Handy!When hacking, the game temporarily becomes a top-down shooter while you battle viruses and destroy firewalls, employing a primary projectile that is upgraded through the Hacking skill and secondary attacks that can be upgraded by finding Software Disks for them. This mechanic is much more functional then the ordinary combat and I highly recommend you invest skill points into the Hacking path to expedite your efforts. Normally you enter the hacking minigame by interacting with certain computers, but you can actually enter hack mode at any time while wandering around, allowing you to hack things like security cameras and turrets- and people, if you invest in the AR skill, which stuns them as if you had hit them with the ""EMP Gun"".The cybermods are of extreme value, and include high-jump legs, health regen, the ability to see enemies through walls and more mundane increases to health, melee damage, and complete immunity to airborne toxins or exposed electrical currents- necessary for completing some side quests and finding certain items.The persuasion mechanic is more opaque then in other games, even Deus Ex; Human Revolution, and there's really no way to know which dialogue option will result in success. I recommend saving before conversations- and pretty much anything else, as manual saving is an option. Dex is a game with a lot of choices to make, both in character progression and in dialogue, and three possible endings. My advice is to ask people a lot of questions, and explore the environment thorughly, especially once you aquire the high-jump legs. Often times you can discover new things and get more info, and money, out of a lot of the NPCs. And, as always, save, save, save, and if you don't like how things turn out, reload and try again. In this manner, and with some helpful guides, I was able to obtain all of Dex's achievements, one of the few games in which I could do so. But that says as much about the game as it does about me- Most of Dex's achievements are very obtainable if you know what you're doing. None of them are particularlly tedious or grindy. It makes the entire experience feel better put together. Dex is one of the better cyberpunk games out there, maybe one of the better action RPGs, and it is well worth your time to check out the demo and see for yourself."
76561198006541246,Recommended,269650,33239740,Posted: 4 July,all,Vayne,"Dex is an amazing game. Thematically it's very old-school cyberpunk (think William Gibson rather than the Wachowskis) with malevolent megacorporations, downtrodden masses and overarching surveillance. Gameplay-wise it's a 2d action-RPG which allows players to mix melee combat, ranged combat and stealth takedowns to create whatever playstyle they see fit."
76561197960283946,Recommended,269650,32481858,Posted: 16 June,all,Cthul,"Pretty good game, aprox 11hrs playtime, interesting story"
76561198119541019,Recommended,269650,31036228,Posted: 9 April,all,Hohndog,"I agree with another reviewer that you really need to put some time into this game to appreciate its depth before leaving a review.  Almost all melee attacks can be blocked and most of the unblockable attacks can be avoided by evading/rolling.This game has a really indepth story with branching paths and multiple endings.  You can play strictly melee, ranged, stealth or a combination of each.  You hack into computers to gather intelligence and to disable security devices.  You can also hack into individual cameras to disable them and gun turrets to turn them on to your foes.The background artwork, music and voice acting are all outstanding.  I've completed the game twice to grab the achievements that I missed and to see the alternate ending.  Both plays were a blast.The hacking ability is a little tricky at first, but gets much better as you level the skill.  Be sure to grab the free costume add-on and install it before you begin.  One costume grants stealth after 6 seconds of no movement and does not break until you perform an action.  Moving does not break it.  Another allows you to block gun attacks with your normal block and the final costume passively fills your focus meter.I highly recommend this game and I look forward to the next offering from Dreadlocks."
76561197970946854,Recommended,269650,30133764,Posted: 23 February,all,St.Izan,"If you're a fan of the cyberpunk genre, you NEED to check out this title. It's like playing a William Gibson novel. There is Corporate extractions, package couriering, hacking, cyberware mods, software upgrades, plus moral choices around every corner. Cyberpunk is so much more then hacking and cyberware, it’s the emphasis on technology in a class ruled multicultural society and this is what most games do wrong. However Dex with it’s simple 2D simple side scrolling game style, linear storyline and easy controls seems to capture the very essence of futuristic city life."
,Recommended,269650,30945560,Posted: 4 April,all,liong777,"Ooookay, i just finished the game recently and these are my opinion towards Dex:ProsNice 2D sice scrolling action rpg, the graphic itself is quite nostalgic yet not too flashyThe difficulty is ""right"", i'm not a hardcore gamer anymore, so this kind of ""fast-paced"" game is good for white collar worker like me :pSo many side questsHacking mini game, just like space shooter gamesGood storyConsAll the good things aside, WHERE IS THE STEAM CLOUD SUPPORT...I played hours on my office laptop only to realize it doesnt support cloud save...Dev team might need to implement a save point system instead of place-basedOverall, it is a hidden gem i found and i am happy with my purchase :0"
76561198005763889,Recommended,269650,31155301,Posted: 15 April,all,Moffmaster,"Really good game. Like an 'indy game' DeusEx with all the regular cyberpunk features.Personally, I liked the art style, but of course it's not a big studio HD-production. It has decent sound acting, though.The game has lots of little side plots to explore, which is nice. Equipment variety is a bit low, but the game still feels big enough. About 10h playtime."
,Recommended,269650,30348074,Posted: 5 March,all,craseder,"If you enjoyed the Deus Ex franchise, pick this game up.  It's simple, but it hits all the right beats,  Definitely worth the time."
,Recommended,269650,31077753,Posted: 11 April,all,FellowPlayer,"Hello, I liked the demo so much I decided to buy the game and devote a playlist to it.  It has a lot of features that appeal to me.  Love it.Youtube: Fellowplayerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zjrc-l0sL4&list=PLeWpC9kwxi1b3pnV_lsTs7jf4btAv_JRE"
76561198047460859,Recommended,269650,29268019,Posted: 15 January,all,derikmanukian,"This game takes SO much inspiration from Deus Ex. Let me list some of the obvious ways:1. Cyberpunk RPG with heavy emphasis on player choice2. Augmentations (implemented almost exactly like Deus Ex, both mechanically, and with respect to the main character being ""more advanced"" than everyone else)3. ""Hacking"" minigame that takes up huge portion of gameplay.4. Many objectives have multiple pathways to get there with respect to map design and stealth gameplay (i.e. ubiquitous air ducts)5. Supporting characters include disembodied AI figure that looks like a cross between Bob Page and Walton Simons6. ""Conspiracy-Heavy"" plot involving evil BioTech corporation and evil Private Military Corporation (ala Versalife, Tai Yong, Belltower, and MJ12)7. *Spolier Alert* One of the levels has you break out of a cell (with the help of your AI friend) and recover all of your gear/equipment (hrm, I wonder where they got that idea from? *COUGH* MJ12 facility under UNATCO *COUGH*)8. *Spoiler Alert* Final Level takes place in an underwater sea lab, and you escape on a YELLOW SUBMARINE (that looks exactly like the one you used in Deus Ex 1). Even the end-game choices are remarkably similar to those in DX19. THE FREAKING NAME IS ""DEX."" DEus eX. DE-us e-X. DEX. LOLNone of this is meant to suggest that the game is bad. On the contrary, the game is actually really good - it has meaningful player choices, interesting RPG elements/player progression, atmospheric music, good level design, and surprisingly high quality voice acting (honestly, DEX's voice actors are really good, even when the script occassionally falls short). And it does this all using 2D graphics in a side-scroller. Overall, very well done indeed.It may be a tinyyyyy bit too short for the $20 price tag (I got 17 hours out of it), but if you buy it on sale (I got it for only FIVE bucks during the winter sale), it's definitelly worth it. Way better value than any recent Call of Duty game, lol."
76561198042342015,Recommended,269650,29268371,Posted: 15 January,all,ericc555,"Great game, lots of fun and intriguing story.  Don't miss it if you like cyberpunk RPG games.  The Developer is very consciencious as well.Enjoy!"
76561198000088094,Recommended,269650,30912463,Posted: 2 April,all,GOObER,I've got a little over an hour into this game and I gotta say it's great so far. At the current sale price (3.99) it's a must buy. At the full price I would not recommend it.Get this while the sale lasts! If you don't you will be really missing out. It's a terrific game with a great story.
76561198022681251,Recommended,269650,29315748,Posted: 17 January,all,tafxyz,Loved it.
,Recommended,269650,29683404,Posted: 3 February,all,polverso,"Low budget and it shows, but still very fun."
76561197989679695,Recommended,269650,30127888,Posted: 23 February,all,Jaecp,If you like Cyberpunk and old school side scrolling RPG's you'll like this.That's about all there is too it
,Recommended,269650,29859431,Posted: 11 February,all,klarix,Dex is set in a well crafted cyberpunk world with likeable characters and an exiting story. It's clearly a world and a background theme for adults.Sadly the game is rather short and has little replay value as most of the endings are decided in the last chapter and you can easily replay all of the endings.The game is also extremely hard! Hacking or fighting are hard. :)If you're a cyberpunk fan and like female main characters (that actually behave like a independent woman with a developed character) than this game is for you.
,Recommended,269650,29978851,Posted: 16 February,all,MarkDarkness,"This game tries very hard to be a two-dimensional Deus Ex, from the art direction, to its motifs, to its very title. But then again, what's so bad about being inspired by one of the best games of all time? Dex is a cyberpunk metroidvania unlike pretty much any other offering available in the genre, and it boasts decent graphics, inspired soundtrack and voice acting, and above all, very engaging gameplay.Many of the systems feel very much like Deus Ex, with augmentations playing an interesting role particularly in terms of exploration. You are given a fairly big city to explore, and there is a huge amount of freedom to the game's structure, meaning that you can pretty much do tasks at your leisure. You can find a key item from a quest hours before you are actually asked for it, but the game handles that situation just fine, which is very good in terms of reinforcing non-linearity. Also: fast travel! Good decision on the developer's part.The quests are really fun to go through, and most of the time you are bound to care about them at least a little. The plot, though, is maybe the game's biggest flaw... it's not bad or anything, but the more the game focuses on its main narrative, the worse it gets. At its best, Dex portrays a series of somewhat connected little stories that form a reasonably big picture. But whenever it is main quest time, a serviceable generic cyberpunk story is bluntly fed to you. The ending sucks, it just downright sucks, and clearly they ran out of time or ideas to do it any better.Overall, this is a top-tier game with a few flaws that are easy to overlook. I recommend it!"
76561198341360053,Recommended,269650,29979211,Posted: 16 February,all,sirreal.ian,"This game checks all the right boxes for me. Amazing story, beautiful setting, great characters, great music. Overall fantastic experience. I bought this game on sale but it is well worth the full price. I can’t wait to play it again."
,Recommended,269650,30309635,Posted: 3 March,all,Cusser,"I voted for this back when this was a humble Steam Greenlight Game. They had me at cyberpunk. I purchased it during its alpha stages back in Early Access to support the developers, but held off on playing till its official release. Happy I did.Gameplay is solid. The difficulty is brutal at times, but never ceases to be enjoyable.Indie developer Dreadlocks Ltd. really delivered here. I look forward to future games from them and their publishers Badland Games, and Techland."
76561197987851575,Recommended,269650,31457659,Posted: 30 April,all,Ces :D,Dex is the best side-scrolling cyberpunk RPG out there! :D The open world and conspriacy theory storyline reminded me of the original Deus Ex which is always good. Dex has a beautifully designed open world that's fun to explore. It's the kind of rainy noir world that Bladerunner would take place in. The story kept me interested and there are tons of side missions nad secret places to explore. There's a lot of freedom of choice in terms of how you finish missions. The art style is a joy to look at and immerse yourself in. The music fits perfectly too. It's fun to build up your character in different ways that impacts gameplay. The VR mini game is loads of fun too. Overall Dex has become one of my top 10 favorite games of all time. Thanks for the great game Dreadlocks! :D
,Recommended,269650,31487983,Posted: 1 May,all,CrEaTiOnZ2790,"i love this game the story, the gameplay, overall this is a great game as matter as fact i like it so much i did gameplay on youtube.I like the fact that this game is a side scroller with rpg elements in it im not gonna lie the final part of the game wasnt really even that hard and it didnt have a final boss, but overall the game was challenging and i liked it"
76561197973833526,Recommended,269650,34741449,Posted: 4 September,all,why_bryan,"Simply an alround well made game.  Compelling story, though not heavy handy. Good themes throughout. The ""hacking"" mini game mixed things up nicely, and help with pacing.  Would recommend."
76561198010880838,Recommended,269650,34762865,Posted: 5 September,all,nemarsde,"An excellent little game. A side-scrolling adventure/rpg, with many classic cyberpunk tropes, reminscent of Amiga games of yore. It doesn't overstay its welcome, being a succinct 12-14 hours long.Note: Combat is initially very clunky and slow, so I would recommend obtaining AR 1 and 2 skills asap. These will allow you to press Alt to enter Augmented Reality and quickly stun goons (press E over their head). Then it's just a matter of dashing behind them and pressing T to choke out."
76561197999299216,Recommended,269650,33680003,Posted: 20 July,all,Cherub423,If you like sci-fi / cyberpunk anything you will like this game.
76561198053724380,Recommended,269650,33755496,Posted: 23 July,all,Gurnison,"This is a very charming, 2D platform, action RPG set in a cyber punk world. Great story, fun action and character building. short to medium game length and worth every penny. The side quests are just as fun as the main quest. I don't know if the re-playabilty is that high but it doesn't matter. Worth your time!"
,Recommended,269650,34411336,Posted: 22 August,all,Mechanical Valkyrie,"My feelings on Dex are complicated.I'll start with the story.You play as a young woman called 'Dex'. Mysterious armed forces are chasing you and you have to find out why while uncovering a sinister conspiricy. While many of the sidequests are really well done, I often found myself a little bored  by the main story. It's alright but there is very little of the actual story, which meant later in the story I was barely caring since I had barely grown to know the characters. Also, the storytelling could use some work, most of the story is told through dialogue, which is fine, but there's a lot of it, and not particularly distinct dialogue at that, at key moments and it bogs the story down and can disinterest some. I'll talk a  little bit about spoilers at the very end of this review.The gameplay is pretty simple. 2D sidescrolling, hand to hand combat being simply block, dodge or attack with a few very minor combo options further down the game's progression system. It's fun but can frustrating when fighting large waves of enemies. There is a very particular upgrade which allows for health regeneration and this is an absolute must. It makes the game a lot more enjoyable. There is VERY basic gunplay which is alright. Accompanying that is a 'cyberspace' style top down shooter 'hacking' minigame. They're alright but your milage may vary. I got burnt out on them back in Shadowrun Hong Kong (I hated having to spend 30 seconds in some brightly coloured area just to open a door, this game is much better than that) so maybe it's just me griping about nothing. There is also a dialogue system which is simple but effective. I played on a smaller screen however so a lot of the dialogue options didn't actually show up without scrolling down which is a minor gripe but may annoy some.Easily my favourite parts about this game is the art and the music along with some of the voice acting performances. The game looks great and runs great. Most of the voice acting is fine but a few particular performances stood out. The game has frustrating and poorly explained moments. It has irritating but not game breaking bugs here and there so technically it is fine.Now for my biggest gripes.The hacking minigame has interactive parts where you can make decisions but its almost impossible to tell one of the identical looking circles with something vaguely plot relevant from another. Same problem with the later game dialogue, I skipped so much of it by choosing the top response because it just blends together and neglects to stand out.---SPOILER WARNING---I said I'd talk about the end a bit so here we are. It deals with themes. Big themes. And world changing consequences.Which is fine but the story doesn't build up to it very well. My emotions at the climax weren't 'Oh god, everything has built up to this' but rather 'Another world changing ending that feels kind of out of nowhere? Whatever'. If the story had stayed lower key, I wouldn't have minded it so much. It would have been a really enjoyable cyberpunk romp but the ending just felt almost undeserved. Like I'd rather have more substance before something like that so I can actually care.This isn't to say it ruins the game but it sours it a little in my opinion.---END OF SPOILERS---Conclusion:Dex is not perfect, not by a long shot. But at the core of the experience is a something genuine and fun and good. While I have some not so pleasant feelings about certain elements I still reccomend it. If you love cyberpunk, you should definitely buy this game.And buy the soundtrack too, also worth it."
76561198150248106,Recommended,269650,34315485,Posted: 17 August,all,Vu Lovaas,"Brilliant cyberpunk/dystopia rpg.Pos: Setting, atmpsphere and the environment/background design.Neutral: Story, combatNeg: Hacking, length of campaign.Buy, if you want to play a 2d rpg set in a world with tones of ghost in the shell and neuromancer; or if you are fans of cyberpunk/dystopian sci-fi."
76561197988594984,Recommended,269650,34336115,Posted: 18 August,all,blaugrau,"Great game, great story and wonderful athmosphere... inspired by industry legends like Deus Ex this is truly a game highlight this year. even though it's not a AAA blockbuster game!a must have!"
,Recommended,269650,34442189,Posted: 23 August,all,Ring,"In spite of slightly clunky combat with the occasional dubious hitbox, Dex is extremely charming and well thought out. Worth the asking price."
76561198092778590,Recommended,269650,34542858,Posted: 27 August,all,Loksmith,"Great game, the art scenes are very well done, perfect cyberpunk feel and the nostaligic 2D feeling for old timers like me is great"
76561198002594621,Recommended,269650,34663251,Posted: 1 September,all,harrissdg,"A fun side-scrolling pixel-sprite cyper-punk brawler with twin-stick-shooter hacking.Lots of quests, side quests, items, options, approaches, and choices. Limited advancement opportunities mean players must choose carefully. No matter how powerful, you must be skilled to not get runover.It's pretty good.The story is ... not bad. Secret global conspiracies, legendary hackers, hacker underground, blah, blah, blah. It's mostly predictable, but a few of the twists surprised me.As usual, the side quests are where the interesting stuff happens. Lots of options, angles of approach, and consequences for choices (including failure to choose). Plenty of interesting dialogue along the way. Most NPCs are fully voiced, but your quest log is light on details so pay attention to conversations.The graphics are ... poor. If this was a Sega Genesis or SNES game then I'd be praising the look. It isn't, but they are good enough that you can keep playing.The gameplay is decent. The brawling system is interesting, with a nice mix of defensive and offensive tactics required for success. The platforming works, climbing near-miss ledges is reliable, Dex can standing jump over her own head at the start and much higher with cyber-legs. The shooting system is a bit weak, but guns are effective enough that you'll still want to use them.Strangely, the game is more than the sum of its parts. It is a lot more fun than any aspect should be, and if you enjoy cypber punk, RPGs, or 2-D brawlers then I can recommend this pretty heartily."
,Recommended,269650,34676734,Posted: 1 September,all,Wozyo,"Dex exists in a genre-typical yet nevertheless exciting world. Its populace is unabashedly profane, violent and dirty and they command the game’s strong script. But niggling away underneath the neon lights of Harbour Prime are some serious issues of underdevelopment that threaten to define the experience.With a map of many different places to explore, people to talk to, goons to kill, and stuff to loot/hack, Dex ostensibly needs a gameplay framework to pull it off, and while a little rough around the edges, the game manages to give a decent account of itself in this regard. Ostensibly, one of the most interesting things about Dex is how it fuses together side-scrolling platforming, melee and ranged combat, and traditional RPG progression systems to fashion something we really haven't seen before.Cons:- Melee combat lacks variability- Hackingmini-gamesgets easy and extremely boring after you understand how they work- Doesn't workat allwith gamepad (Steam controller)Pros:- Amazingly crafted cyberpunk atmosphere and scenario- Mix of platforming, combat and dialog- Non-linear gameplayTL;DRThere really is a lot to like about Dex. A deft marriage of platforming, action and RPG elements, it struggles a little under the weight of its ambition but overall Dex proves itself as a formidably enticing effort that holds substantial charm for fans of all things cyberpunk."
76561197972325760,Recommended,269650,34472809,Posted: 24 August,all,daloco1,"I had fun with this game, good story, good characters, good voice acting (for the most part). it has a nice cyberpunk atmosphere, the melee fighting mechanics are well done, once you get the hang of it it is quite fun (keyboard&mouse),         I rarely used a ranged weapon for that reason (maybe next time)."
76561198067792906,Recommended,269650,34611087,Posted: 30 August,all,DarkraiseR,"At first, its a must have for every cyberpunk sci-fi fan.Story and side quests are well written, reminds me of neuromancer novel a lot.I like its 2d art aesthetics, it really helps the atmosphere in hand with music....Sometimes its hard to recognize which platform is background or not, and animation of climbing ladders is awfully slow.tip: at first upgrade AR to the max...upgrading hacking is very usefull to.."
76561197971506614,Recommended,269650,34919394,Posted: 13 September,all,alastair9000,"Cracking little game. A real gem. Engaging and cool plot, nice mechanics with some funky minigames. Fine work! Thanks!"
76561197965046644,Recommended,269650,35108822,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A fun RPG in the cyberpunk world with a pretty interesting story. The world and gameplay are rather good but the hacking can be a hit or miss for many as it takes a bit to get use to and can be annoying at times. Overall the main story is pretty good and the side quests get you exploring and tackling many different subjects and issues.Worth the pick up.
,Recommended,269650,35517861,Posted: 6 October,all,"Mr. Rico J Dickencock, Esq.",Everyone is complaining about the hacking part of the game...its really not that bad. I enjoyed this game throughly. Highly recomended if you are into Side-scrollers
