user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,269730,11785444,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,danyS,"What an utter disappointment for a game with so much potential and practically zero competition on the PC market. Very limited PC graphics optimization and horrible performance issues prevent me from recommending this game in its current state. With wonky putting, an unreliable swing mechanic, and lackluster ball physics (seriously the same bounce on every terrain except sand), you'd best save your money until this is patched.On the plus side the sound design is top notch and the course creator is a great feature, however its certainly not enough to justify buying a game that feels like its still in beta."
,Recommended,269730,9845714,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,AA,"From what I have played so far, this might be one of the best golf games ever made and it is nice to finally see a game like this on Steam.The golf course creation tool is amazing.  You are able to create and customize your own golf course - It can be fully randomly generated or you can hand craft all of the holes, bunkers, trees, hills, anything you could think of, and you can share it to the public.As it is currently Early Access some game modes are not available as of yet, such as Tour's and Tournaments (These have a coming soon sign).  Stat tracking is also on the way.As far as I can see, there is no online multiplayer, however you do get to play against other players ghosts and The Golf Club supports local Multiplayer.Graphics wise - Very good, very nice looking game.Audio is also nice and the commentary that is in the game is a little different from games such as EA's  Tiger Woods games, and that is a nice change."
,Recommended,269730,13538199,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Otter Chaos,"Usually when I look at a game, if it has mixed or below reviews I steer clear.  Luckily I got The Golf Club before it got too negative, because I personally have never had any issues with the performance of the game.  I don't doubt those who say they have, but I have had nothing but fun playing this game.On the hardware side, my PC has an i5, and a GTX760, and the game runs very smoothly, with the exception of the rare course with massive amounts of trees.As far as content, well, you play golf.  Some people appear unhappy that there is no career mode, and while that would be cool, it wasn't part of the game I bought, and my family enjoys just sitting down for a round of golf when we get together.  I guess a lot of people are looking for a replacement for their previous favorite golf sims, and they find The Golf Club lacking, but if all you want is to play a round of golf when you feel like a round of golf, then this fits the bill nicely."
76561198067763765,Recommended,269730,16863880,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Crazycanuck1985,"I have never played a game as much as I have with The Golf Club. The Greg Norman Course designer is incredibly powerful, easy to use, and will have you creating fantastic courses in no time. The actual golf is great, relying on skill and not special pants you can buy that help you hit it 20 yards further. The career mode in the game is the only downside of the game, but if you head on over toTGCTours.com, you can play a REAL career mode with real players (check it out)!The community on the HB Forums andTGCTours.comis incredibly active, helpful and fun, which further makes this game a complete joy to play. HB Studios is always making tweaks, and adding new features and themes for courses to help improve the game even more.100% recommended to any golf fans and aspiring course designers."
76561197964208760,Not Recommended,269730,11787864,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Sgt. Brett Favre,"No multiplayer, not optimized for pc, no real golf rules, no career mode, it's missing the essentials. No three click,  no multiple pin positions, no multiple tee boxes. If you're interested in a golf game look at Perfect Golf."
76561198007343418,Not Recommended,269730,10255809,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Dachshund,"Update to the Updates: As of May 2015 they have made it so that in order to access some of features you have to buy a ""DLC"" which gives you access to the season pass features. So those of us that thought we spend $20 on a golf game just found out that we have to spend more money to get the other half of the game. On top of which the game still has a lot of development left despite the current release status. I felt this information was foremost to what I had to say about the game play that I experienced.Don't get me wrong. With the demise of the Tiger Woods Golf franchise us fairway junkies have been waiting for a game to come along and give us our knee pant, 9 iron fix. This game will be that, one day. Right now the game is being updated side by side with the console build of the game. Very little effort has been put into the controls for mouse users. So you either need to play with a Xbox controller for the PC or struggle to figure out the who what where when and why of how the game registers your mouse movement. There seems to be no ability to control roughly how hard you whack the ball, I still haven't seen much influence from using the fade and draw features. It makes it hard to not want to break your digital club around the electronic trees surounding you on the course. That all being said the game is still in early stages, one day the game might be the next great golf game for both PC and console. One day. Right now they are putting too much into social features like friends lists and competative play, meanwhile very little into the ability to teach players how to use their control systems to get precise shots. I'm no stranger to golf games but I'm having a very hard time being consistant with this game.Edit/Update: I've had the chance to play a few rounds with an XBox controller, and I've found the controls equally as hard to master. I think the problem still lies in not having a meter system either in game or at least as part of a learning feature that help you adjust to the control scheme.As for the rest of the game. A lot has been put into implementing the social features. The game has single, tournament and tour features. I really like the choice of play variety. However unless you happen to bring 3 other golfers in your bag at the bottom with the loose tees good luck. There is no match making feature that I've come across. So if you don't have other players to play with you wind up being matched with imaginary ghost players who represent some of the best players that have played that course. Talk about frustration. As I have said the controls will drive you batty, but it's worse when an imaginary player with a -7 is driving them right to the green, taunting you while you try to work your way out of the sand. The feature was so annoying the do now have a way to turn it off. So obviously this game does want to promote social play. But for those of us who don't have golf loving gaming buddies it would be nice to have a match feature to meet up with other single players for some rounds.I have not used the course making feature, but I've read that it too can be very difficult to use. However there are many well made player designed courses, that is a great feature of the game.While they are constantly improving the social features of the game, the frustration of the controls combined with the under developed ability to actually use the full social interface make all the implemented features still seem far off. I will revisit this game soon hopefuly after some more updates to see what they have done.February 2015 update: I finally uninstalled the game. The last updates have seemed to revert the controls back to being wonky and unpredictable. Which is a shame because right before that I was finally have to have a full round with a negative score. The controls seemed to be getting better. That has seemed to change. I'll check back maybe in the spring or summer to see if after a few more updates if the game has made any improvements."
76561198024524607,Recommended,269730,21675500,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ob1bob999,"I've been waiting for a decent PC golf game since TW08.  This is almost that game.Pros: Beautiful scenery, fairly natural swing control, solid in-game physics, wide variety of available courses, and a course editor that is a lot of fun.Cons: Charging extra for a Season (Career) Mode is lame at best, any joy created by Season Mode is removed by fact that the software engineers chose to cheat the game horribly so their software would not ""lose"" - no regional Pro-Am EVER had a an entire top 10 at -11 in a single 18 hole round! Makes it tough to care about playing through it.Overall, I would give the game as it stands right now, 3/6/16, a B-.  I will continue to play the game in other modes, but I am done with Seasons until the programmers stop cheating.  Save yourself $9.99 and skip skip it.added 3/7/16: Apparently the last update weighted all AI scores in all single player competitive events to the realm of absolutely stupid.  The last 18 hole event I managed to finish had the ENTIRE TOP 30 IN THE LOW 50s!  Until it is fixed, the only single player mode worth playing is single course, NO AI."
,Recommended,269730,13692152,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DarkHuD,"First off, while this is marked as a recommended title, there are issues to be aware of.This game is fun, but it's missing some key elements that sports type games need to be an overall good experience. There is nothing in the way of a practice mode, or even a basic tutorial. You're thrust into the game, and left to figure out how to play on your own. I don't understand why there was such an oversight in this design, and the developers even acknowledge the lack of a practice/tutorial mode in a video on their own page.That being said, it is great fun. The courses, while not real world copies, are challenging, and quite rewarding to those that take risks in their shots. The game mechanics are good, and the game is engrossing enough to have you looking for you club, when you've missed a shot by inches, and decide to throw it.The bad is this. I felt like I've played this game before, at least, I've played PGA Golf Games before, but they felt like there was more to it. This feels less than, because it's more simulator, and less casual. Putting is challenging, and there aren't 15 different types of overlays setup for you to use. Instead you get a grid, and a camera you can move. It feels basic, but it's more challenging in the end.If that is what the devs were going for, which I believe they were, then they hit the mark. This is not a Tiger Woods game, this is a Golf Simulator, rage included at no extra charge.p.s. please add some sort of practice or tutorial modes. That's really a rookie mistake."
76561198046090529,Recommended,269730,16622398,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DLMF Just Doodles,"I don't get too wound up about my golf game, and it's a good thing I don't. Otherwise, long ago I would have thrown myself in the nearest water hazard along with my clubs. Enjoying a nice day on a gorgeous course is enough. The Golf Club captures this essence in both the challenge of perfecting your swing and the pride of being able to create your own gorgeous courses. But, is that beauty enough?The game's course creation tools are impressive in their ability to not only let you build detailed courses, but the scalability of the tools themselves. You can apply some macro-levels rules to shape your course with simple min/max sliders – like if you want your course as a whole to be hilly or have lots of water – or dive into placing individual trees, objects, and even whales. The menu presentation is straightforward, but there are times like placing water, for instance, where the macro and micro tools can cause confusion on how to exactly get what you want. Regardless, the game puts a lot of power in your hands, and with a little tinkering you soon learn how to efficiently work with the tools and start making some sweet courses.I was really impressed with the naturally adaptability of your holes in the broader context of the world's environment. Moving a hole en masse, rearranging holes' order, adding/subtracting holes, and even switching out the overall theme of the environment (you can choose from desert, autumn/forest, rural, alpine, and the wild Scotland-like links terrain) is well done.You can also dive in and playtest your hole at any time; dropping your ball in a specific location or playing the whole thing. Finding and playing other people's creations is easy as well, and you can use them to put together your own tour of courses.The golf gameplay itself is challenging and satisfying. The right analog swing requires precision, especially when applying draw or fade, and a minimal pre-swing HUD is hard at first. Gauging your swing power while putting, in particular, takes getting used to, but it won't take long to develop a rhythm and feel to your swing.As well-crafted as the game is, it's missing a sense of progression that drives you forward. While creating the course of your dreams (or someone else's nightmares) feels good, I missed a larger structure. Visual or physical golfer upgrades, an overarching rewards system tied to your stats, or even a career shell are missing and there's lost momentum within the game because of it. Seeing what kinds of courses I and others could come up with and the challenges therein is motivating, but the sustenance it provides is impermanent.The Golf Club delivers as a course creator, and it's no slouch swinging the clubs, either. What's missing is the personality: the larger career structure and personal investment in your avatar to spur players on and elevate the experience from a nice set of features to the complete package   9/10Appsy doodles"
76561198011722034,Recommended,269730,13972657,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Hawk_UK,Brilliant golf sim. Online competition is fantastic and you can custom make your own courses.I would recommend this to anyone who is a simulation fan and especially to anyone who plays golf.
,Recommended,269730,13753923,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Pkatt,"I think if you want a Golf simulator, and have the patience to learn the mechanics of this game and how they work, you will love it.   Folks that are looking for an arcade golf game, probably won't like it, and will quit before they give it a chance.Personally I really like the game.  Once you get used to the controls, it ""feels"" like you really are playing golf.  You have to concentrate on each shot, and not every shot is perfect, some are really bad, sometimes you hit it perfect...but thats how it is when you really play.   The point is, the feeling you get with the controller, is about like the feeling you would have really swinging the club, from the mental point of view.I'm not sure of the specs of the reviews I see that say the game is not optimized or runs slow.  It runs perfectly fine on my machine  and the graphics look beautiful.  Multiplayer works great also, a friend and I play together and take turns and it is quite fun.The only cons I have is that there is no tutorial or practice area that I could find.  It would be nice if they at least had a tutorial in game describing the controls, and a driving range that you could click on and practice swings.   I think I eventually found this info on their website, but it was hard to find.   Also, a bit of advice, if you are using a controller, make sure you have an Xbox based one, not the older D based (Sony) kind.Final verdict in a nutshell - GREAT game, very much worth it, IF you put the time in to learn it properly."
76561198287865666,Recommended,269730,21637344,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,antonioscarpacci,"The best money I've ever spent.  I own this game on multiple platforms and have put more time into it than anything else in my lifetime. Sad? Yes,  but true.The course designer is an incredible feature and worth the price of admission (and then some).  The gameplay is also terrific and haven't grown tired of it in year plus of playing everyday.Are there problems?  Sure, but nothing game breaking.  The developers are uniquely involved and responsive to the community so I'm certain it will continue to improve.The amount of free updates is mind boggling.  I cant wait to see what the future holds.I know nothing about computers but took the time to learn evrything I could and spent every penny I had to build a PC just to play this game.  That's how good it is."
76561197970834839,Recommended,269730,16833093,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,superdave132,"This game is great! I highly recommend it to anyone from beginner to expert interested in PC golfing.After initially complaining about a bug, one of the developers went out of their way and contacted me to help resolve any issues I may have. The game was patched very quickly to my complete satisfaction. Excellent work."
,Recommended,269730,22396240,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SylentVyper,"Recommended. Very fun game, and is fun to sit back and relax. Missing some of the 'fun' little additions like extra distance, changing spin while in air, etc. but doesn't really detract.My original review had some comments about the putting being awful with a mouse. The developer ACTUALLY LISTENED and linked me to a forum post detailing mouse DPI and sensitivity. After taking recommendations from there, putting is MUCH better and MUCH more intuitive.Great game, and one of the few times where the developer is actually involved and helpful. Turned my rating of 7/10 to a 9/10."
,Recommended,269730,9859649,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Rend,"An excellent golf game, even at early access version 0.1.The course editor is fully available, even though it's quite difficult to actually play your own course right now.Overall an excellent golf videogame, as it is right now, it's a fully featured, complete game.  A very promising early access."
76561198011949718,Not Recommended,269730,13168990,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Visionmind,"When I bought this game, their FAQ said they were still considering incorporating a 3-click shot meter, which I assumed would be optional.  I understood they wanted a 'realistic' mechanism to focus on the 'feel' of golf, but I hoped, because of their FAQ, that they would add the 3-click shot meter for those people who preferred a lighter fun vs super serious.  Eventually they dug their feet in the ground and decided they wanted 'realism,' which completely killed my desire to play the game.  While it seems their mechanism for a console game controller works okay, their mouse and keyboard mechanism is too frustrating and imprecise to be fun.  At least for me (some may disagree).Consequentially, I felt like I had wasted my money, which inspired this less than positive review.  Alternatively, if Steam allowed (easier) refunds, I would have done so, and would not have been as frustrated, and would have just waited for a golf game that is more accommodating to us 'less-serious' golfers."
76561198002621482,Recommended,269730,14703836,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ninja_Prime,"This game is turning into a solid golf game, the graphics are great to look at and the gameplay is getting there IMO. The main selling point of this game for me is the GNCD, the course designer. I have spent many hours on this and once you get the hang of it, your only limited by your imagination.This is a worthy successor to the EA TW series and plays a lot like it too, well if you consider that most of the people that worked on that game are the ones that developed TGC. The good thing about this game is the fact that the developers are still working on it and fixing bugs and adding stuff to it all the time, once it’s finished then this will be a solid and enjoyable title for everyone to play.The only real problem with this game for me is the graphics issue if you own an AMD Radeon card, especially the newer models, but I think this is more to do with the Unity engine than anything else, as playing this game with an Nvidia card seems less problematic and appears to run better.Although this game has been developed for the PC it still very much feels like a port, as its main focus IMO is for the console market, after all that’s where the money is.Anyway, if you’re in any doubt about buying this game, then I would recommend you do, especially if you like golf and have been looking for a worthy successor to EA TW series. There are also more updates coming soon, and with the number of courses made by the community, then its longevity is assured. It’s not quite the golf sim this has been hailed to be, as that title I think belongs to another game currently in development.Anyway this is money well spent on.Update:I can't believe that this game has now been out for over 20 months, it has had a lot of fixes applied to it and it certainly has improved since its early access days. Graphics wise this game is great to look at and I can’t fault it on that front, however the gameplay is a lot easier than it used to be IMO, it’s easier to hit straighter shots and plays more like an arcade game rather than an actual golf sim, even with all the aid’s turned off. This game still suffers with issues, originally with AMD cards and then with Nvidia cards, although fixes have been applied to fix the Nvidia issues, I wish the same could be said for AMD users, anyway putting those glitches aside, this is still a great game and I would still rate this up there with the likes of EA TW series. The games real selling point for me has been and will always be the Greg Normal Course Designer and the thousands of community designed courses out there, some of course (no pun intended) better than others. And the great thing about it is that they are all free to play, let’s hope that this stays that way.Player customisation has been cranked up and the variety of shirts and trousers available to dress your player up has increased, but I would like to see more with also some community made ones thrown in too. The selection of golf clubs has not changed and I believe that this is something that could certainly be improved along with the option to hit shots with more back spin etc.If your looking for a game to play against AI, then you'll be dissapointed, although you can play against the ""ghost"" of other players who have played the courses, whoch is better than nothing I guess.This game does not have crowds, as it was only ever inteneded to be a week-end golfer type of game and not a full blown EA-TW clone as it does not have the PGA logo or backing.This game has only had one DLC to date, which the community was in arms about, but IMO you don't have to buy it, it wasn't like the game was unplayable without it.@King Kyne, for a while I did feel this was a good Sim game, but then I started to play PG and somehow the gameplay in that was a lot harder and felt more realistic IMO. TGC feels a lot more arcade-ish, and since the updates, hitting the ball straight has become a lot easier. The game feels like its holding your hand and not letting you make mistakes too much, it almost feels like its restricting you. I don't associate a SIM game with something difficult, far from it, a SIM should allow you to do your own thing, it then becomes as individual as you. I have played PG for a while now, and since they introduced the horizontal swing mechanics, I personally feel that the game has improved in my estimation, not because it’s become harder, but I can now shape the flight of the ball better, if only it was that easy in real life! The reason the mechanics in PG works for me is that there is an option to create a draw or a fade, make the ball go higher or lower, but it still depends on how you “swing” the club, so it’s down to the player’s skill rather than the settings that you dial up.Please don’t get me wrong TGC is a great game, but it feels like something that you could pick up straight away, while PG is something else and needs practice if you want to get better at it.I guess that’s my definition of a SIM, it needs to feel natural and with enough practice you start to reap the benefits for all that hard work you’ve put in.I play with all the aids turned off in both games, and PG still feels more realistic IMO sorry to say."
76561198269597312,Recommended,269730,24041116,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,burrell755,"My favourite ever golf game , I had this on the PS4 and this plays identical on steam , I have read angry comments about poor controls but using an Xbox 360 controller , it plays the same as the PS4. Nowhere near as easy as the tiger woods series but I always found shooting -20 a round quite boring , this can be tough with narrow fairways on some courses but has great stats showing your best scores etc versus your friends , I cannot rate this game highly enough."
,Recommended,269730,13843276,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KitchenDon,"Great golf sim with a few quirks.I love this game - play it several times a week with my Dad. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a good solid golf game, but it's certainly not perfect. Probably easiest to sum up with a list of pros and cons:ProsThe core of the game is rock solid and realistic. The feel of the swing, the look of the courses, the physics, and the action of the ball are all great.Fantastic course editor - best I've ever seen in a golf game. You can play courses created by other palyers or generate a fresh new course with just a few clicks. You'll certainly never run out of courses to play. Very satisfying when you put in a good round because you know you earned it. :)Skill is not stat based. If your get better at the game it's because you've learned to play better.Devs are still improving the game. I've been playing since the first day of Early Access and the Devs have been communicating and responding - while still sticking to their gameplan. They haven't fixed all the quirks, but the game has seen steady improvements over the months.ConsSome machines might struggle with the graphics. Seems to recquire more CPU/GPU power than you might think. Only a few graphics settings to adjust.The swing controls can be hard to learn. I love the controls (I use xbox 360 controller) but some people seem to get frustrated. No option for the old 'three-click' method that is popular in other games. I think this is part of the 'level playing field' that the devs are shooting for. They have worked hard to make the competition skill-based and fair.The interface is sometimes clunky. All the info and controls are there, but sometimes they are not intuitive.  Took me a long time to figure out what the two different distances on the putting green were (one is distance to the cup, and the other is the distance to your aiming marker). I still can't figure out how to properly show an instant replay. :)No career mode or similar extra features. The Tiger Woods games were full of all sorts of extras and some people might expect them here. Presentation is somewhat sparse. The voicover/commenter is well done, but there is very little 'juice' or graphical embellishments to spice things up.For me the pros definitely outweigh the cons. This is one of my most played games of 2014 and I expect it will be in 2015, too."
76561197969091053,Recommended,269730,13716361,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deathstar,"This is an amazing golf game, anyone who is into golf knows that there are not many good golf games for PC, actually the last decent one was Tiger Woods 2008 which was many years ago! The golf club feels like a modern updated version of the best golf game ever made (PGA 2000 by Sierra) without the tri-click option. Also the devs are still improving it and listening to people in the forums which is worth a lot these days. Highly recommended for all you golf freaks out there."
,Recommended,269730,13413577,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Doyley,The Golf Club is a great golf game that has the best putting of any golf game I've ever played - once you understand it!  The graphics are great and with new themes being released it's only getting better.  There's no reason to not try it if you like golf - it's definitely more on the sim side than arcarde at this point which is pefectly fine by me.  For those looking for a bit more (career) come visit us atwww.tgctours.comand enjoy an enhanced experience with The Golf Club.
,Recommended,269730,21946469,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Redeyedd,"Seems all my game reviews were removed so heres another try...The Golf Club is  primarily a golf simulator with an outstanding and easy to use course creator.While it lacks a conventional career mode and officially licenced courses, the high quality of many user created courses and competitive play via tournaments that mimic the pro circuit from the dedicated folks attgctours.com, more than makes up for it.The game is still being updated even though it has been out of early access for some time now. All but one of the updates are free and add value to what is already a great game.The Devs since day one of EA have always been involved with the community and continue to listen to feedback from players.Highly recommended for the golf enthusiast or those with a creative flair."
76561197980933642,Not Recommended,269730,12395189,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,FireDragon761138,"The graphics are nice, but this just isn't a good golf game compared to other available PC golf games (such as Customplay 2010 or Hank Haney's World Golf- which both use the same basic golf engine and both having comparable realism to The Golf Club).  Too much is missing in terms of gameplay and game types (there are no skins or stableford games), and overall this feels like a rushed console port.  The mouse swing never feels right, and is extremely unforgiving.   While the random course generator is a nice feature, the editor itself is tedious to use and not as powerful as the editors featured in other golf games (such as the Links or Jack Nicklaus series).Do yourself a favor and avoid purchasing this game."
,Recommended,269730,9883394,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,asmodeos,"I have purchased only a few titles through Steam's Early Access.  There is a trust factor that you hope the developer upholds.  Assetto Corsa, Planetary Annihilation, and now The Golf Club (TGC) have formed an elite level of Early Access titles.  These games exemplify building a customer-developer relationship founded on trust.  The quality that is already built into TGC has me feeling satisfied, and VERY excited for the future of the product.  I am amazed at the depth of challenge.  Right when I thought that I ""got it"", I played Coronaca against some ghosts, and the greens positively whipped me (not to mention the devilishly placed fairway bunkers!!).  This game has so much potential.I can't wait for tournaments!  Building in a course designer from the start was pure genius.  You have instilled a sense of value for me.  What I really want to compliment are the design decisions.  You are making really smart moves.  The ghost method of multiplayer suits me very well.  I don't have to wait for others, worry about lag/disconnects, or even if I personally run out of free time.  The swing method is awesome.  I love that it is based on the character model swinging, not some power meter.  It really makes the game a challenge and requires that I keep my head in it.  Once I start to get lazy, there goes a slice into the woods!  There are subtleties that I love too, such as you never cut off the guy doing the voice over.  Even if I quickly move through the scorecard to the next hole, he finishes what he is saying.  I like that.  It feels polished.Thank you HB for getting me excited about a PC golf game again, and living up to expectations.  Job well done!  I'll happily continue to be a part of The Golf Club."
,Recommended,269730,13956236,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Wif,"Disclaimer: I played one round, and intend to play more.The Good:  The commentator is a condascening jackass, game is well made, actually fun to play even if you don't like golf, course editor, heaps of community based features, diverse courses.The Bad:  Keyboard and mouse is extremely difficult and would recommend a controller, minor tearing.I bought this hoping it was similar to SimGolf, it's not.  However it is a solid golf game that is actually quite good fun.  If you just want a casual sports game or like golf in general, this will be great."
76561198040610452,Recommended,269730,10635147,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Darkhorse,"Looks good and plays good.It's not the easiest of golf games (I've probably only managed 1 under par score in 8+ hours) but I'd rather it be that way. If I found it too easy I'd probably get a bit bored of it.The course creator is fantastic and so easy to use.In all the time I've played so far I think I've only played a couple of the developers courses twice, everything else I've just had one round on. There's so many courses to choose from, you'll always be able to find something new to play.Highly recommended if you like golf games (and it's still in Early Access with more stuff to come)."
,Recommended,269730,17937673,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,lightwave83,"This is a great golf game. There are many golf games out there, however they lack in the PC world. The overall feel of this game -- as far as the gameplay and layout of the game goes -- is really quite astonishing. Unlike a lot of games, with this game you have to take everything into account from the wind, speed of the fairways/greens, slope of the holes, etc. It really is a very neurotic game and you have to be smart how you play it. On a difficulty perspective, this game is very challenging. It takes lots of practice on each course to master it. It's almost like actually golfing where you have to take notes, make adjustments, and eat it when you fail. I highly recommend getting this game if you're an avid golf fan like I am."
,Recommended,269730,13754939,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CrawlingChaos,"I've had my eye on this game for quite some time. I picked it up during a sale recently and do not regret it at all.I'm a former Links player and I've been looking for a simliar experience for quite some time. This game captures that experience. I'm not a big fan of the Tiger Woods gaming experience. The RPG elements and monetization scheme is just not for me.This game is about skill and consistency. There is a learning curve. You'll be frustrated and challenged. There is no magic win button/skill/purchase. There is just you and your skill. As it should be. Trust me, I'm right up against that learning curve with only a few hours in. Out of the gate, this game feels good. Tons of potential here.There are pretty consistent updates to the game and content additions. The community is growing and getting stronger. Support this game if you are a fan of games of skill, rather than a vapid pay to win environment.It isn't without a few bugaboos. Nothing has been a show stopper, up to this point.On thing that I wish they would add is some sort of visual indicator of your swing."
76561198113375966,Recommended,269730,19204798,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,gregfordyce,"There is a huge lack of golf sims out there - remember Microsoft Golf, Arnold Palmer Links, and of course Tiger Woods? Now there are basically The Golf Club and WGT. And between the two, I'll take The Golf Club any day.The graphics are good - I won't say GREAT - and the sounds/speech is good (although the commentator gets a bit annoying after a bit). Mechanics are solid, certainly better than the ridiculous 2 click meter used in WGT. If you like real swing method using your mouse, rather than clicking on a meter, TGC is for you. It doesn't quite rise to the level of the swing meter on Tiger Woods - which I consider to be the best golf game ever - but it's not too far off. All in all, you can play 18 (or 9) holes and have a darned enjoyable time; for true golf enthusiasts, this is probably as close to the real thing as you can get without lugging your clubs out to the local links.A few negatives: the match-making. NOT easy to jump into a multi-player game against real people. The menus are not very easy to navigate, despite their initial appearance with large labelled icons. You have to click and click and click to find a course to play, set up the paramaters and match type and difficulty, then when trying to find opponents to play TGC will automatically locate ""players"" and fill your roster to the number you have selected (2, 3, 4, etc). The only problem - no guarantee you will actually get REAL players. Once the round starts, most of the time you find yourself playing ""Ghosts"" of the actual players. I.e., they are not logged in, but TGC selected them based on their skill levels, rating on the course you are playing, etc - and popped their ""ghosts"" into the game with you. Huh??? So, 8 times out of 10, you will find yourself playing against basically 2 or 3 other computer AI players. Needless to say, not a very social occasion. Try chatting with them. The ONLY way you can play against other REAL live people is if you manually select someone you have ""Friended"" and who you KNOW is in the game. If they aren't in the game, and you locate them by UserName, you will just get their ""ghost"" again. You CANNOT just randomly play games against other live players. This is one of the biggest faults in this game to me.I do find the game fun, but there is .... something... missing. Hard to put a finger on it. Individually, all the components of a great golf game are there. But put together, it falls a bit short, and I wish I could describe specifically what that is.Difficulty-wise, it IS hard to get below par (and I've played a ton of golf games for a lot of years, and consider myself pretty darn good). Putting especially is a pain in the butt. There is NO power meter. On ANY swing. So you have no real idea how hard you are swinging.  There is NO swing meter, so you have NO idea how far your backswing is. There are NO bars period. You just totally wing it. Most of the time just pulling all the way back on the mouse for a full swing works, but what about that sand wedge just off the green? It says it is 40 ft from the pin, and your wedge has a maximum distance of 50 ft, so you don't want to do a full swing - but how do you judge what the right backswing is? 80%, you think? OK - so how do you swing the club back around 80%? No meter=no way of knowing how far back you are swinging your club. Again - you just wing it, and 9 times out of 10 you will wind up doing a full swing even though you didn't want to. Or you overcompensate, and wind up doing a little 20% chip that sends the ball 2 feet. VERY annoying. I read all of the other reviews saying they LOVE this aspect, but they are ""purists"" who think that any kind of power or swing meter is ""cheating."" Whatever. If I want that level of realism, I'll go play real golf at the local course. For a game - I want at least some idea of how hard I am ""swinging"" my ""club.""All in all, I give this a thumbs-up, but to be honest I have stopped playing it very much due to the swing mechanics described above. If they ever add a power/backswing meter, and if they make it so you can actually play REAL LIVE people randomly -  I will be reinvigorated to play, guarantee it. In the meantime, if you love golf and virtual golf games, you will definitely enjoy this game, even though it may not rise to the top of your ""Favorite golf game"" list."
,Not Recommended,269730,12469818,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sandmoose,I cannot say how much I am disappointed in this game. The only positive thing I can say is that the graphics look great. Everything about game play is ridiculous. The physics must be a simulation from a different planet. Hit the club twice the same way and the ball may travel 20 feet or 30 yards. The is no consistency at all. I wish I could get my money back for this turd but Im sure thats about as likely and hitting a hole in one.
,Recommended,269730,22829593,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DeerTrivia,"tl;dr: if you're a casual golf game fan, The Golf Club is awesome. I can't speak for whether or not it will satisfy hardcore fans, because I'm not one.So, I've been looking for a good PC golf game for a while. I'm not a golfer in real life, nor am I a particularly hardcore fan of the genre. I just played Tiger Woods '06/'07 on X-Box 360 a while ago, thought they were fun, and have been looking for something similar. I stayed away from The Golf Club while it was in Early Access because, well, I don't do Early Access. And I kinda forgot about it for a while.A few days ago, Jack Nicklaus' Perfect Golf came out, and I thought ""Hey, maybe this will be my cup of tea!""I honestly can't even tell you if it's my cup of tea or not, because Perfect Golf's UI/UX is absolutely atrocious. After 20 frustrating minutes of fighting against the game just to try and learn the basics, I uninstalled it and got a refund. Maybe there is a good golf game in there, I don't know, but I should not have to untangle a convoluted mess just to understand the basics of the game.Then I saw the Golf Club was out of Early Access, and I grabbed it.Within THREE MINUTES, I had a handle on the game.Now again, I'm not a hardcore golf guy, so maybe there's a bunch of depth to this game that I'm missing. There probably is. I can't tell you the difference between a chip and a pitch, and I can't remember which side is draw and which side is fade, and I've never adjusted the point of impact on the ball. All of that stuff exists in The Golf Club, so I assume I still have a long way to go to mastering it. But unlike Perfect Golf, the basics here are simple and intuitive. Everything about the controls, the menus, the UI/UX experience, makes sense. If you put a controller in my hand and tell me to play a game I've never played before, and I've got the basics down in three minutes? You have done something very, very right."
76561198146044719,Recommended,269730,16880040,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,johneric8,"The Golf Club is by far the best game I've ever played.    The gameplay,   and the course creator will keep this game growing for years to come.   There are some incredible course designers that put courses out on a daily basis so the replay value here is crazy good.    The devs are quick to fix things and add new features but they're a small team so you have to be patient.     The game has grown leaps and bounds within the last year and it's light years better than some of the current competiton in my opinion.A few cons is that they really need to work on the social aspect of the game so that it's easier to find multiplayer games.  They are lacking typical gamemodes that you expect to see and they don't and will never have a conventional lobby.   They basically just have you send an invite to a friend to join you a the course but only half the time it works.  You are constantly having to kick your friend from the game and re add him to just see him play.    Like I said,  it's still the best game I've played but the multi player taking a backseat to some of the other features has always left me scratching my head..The course creator is revolutionairy,  it's just flat out amazing.   This game appeals more to the guy that wants a relaxing real round of golf without all the EA sports glitz and glamour.   This game can be played with a controller,  PS4 is what I use..  I own the game on my ps4 and PC,  and I get all the updates on my PC as soon as they're ready which is awesome.  Honestly though,  the game plays just as well on the ps4.  It seems to me that they've taken lots of time to optizimze it for the consoles and I can certainly undertand why considering that is the majority of their audience.I give this game maximum stars, even with it's issues...   Also,  if you play the a course insipred by the ""Delta Theme""   I was the guy that named that theme!!!  I won a ""name that theme""  competition and the boys from HBS sent me some cool swagg for my winning submission.One of the big fish up at the golf club name is Anthony Kyne,  and he is a very likable chap,  who does live streams often where he takes questions from us mere mortals...  I have grown fond of Anthony over the last year and have his face tattooted on my buttocks ;)"
76561197994076267,Not Recommended,269730,10281198,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,KennyBooBear,"Not a fan. While I realize this game is advertised as a sim, I wasn't under the understanding that sim implied 0 degree of consistency over the controls. This game seems to be optimized to use a controller as opposed to the standard keyboard mouse input of a typical golf game (non-sim) which is fine, but I think this game could do well to have some gauge that could be toggled on or off to show you at least somewhere in the ballpark of how hard you're hitting.""We’ve created and fine tuned a swing mechanic that is more about feeling and fluidity above the users’ accuracy of hitting a marker on a power bar. Whilst anyone will be able to pick the controller up and play comfortably, the best players on the global leaderboards will be those with the best feel for the different golf shots and who are able to take into account ball lie, weather and terrain conditions.""I find the above to be utter garbage. The mechanic relies in NO way on feeling or fluidity, but instead an attempt to make visual placeholders of where a club is to indicate how powerful you're going to hit the ball. I also highly doubt most people will be abl to ""pick the controller up and play comfortably."" I only wish I hadn't believed their sales pitch, because it's anything but accurate. I can only hope it changes in the future, but I kind of doubt it, as the mechanic is already in place.I find the only way to fine tune your shot is to adjust the loft, which seems silly when normally one would simply hit the ball with less oomph. In short, the controls for this game, while refreshing and new, are in massive need of improvement/options. Had I known ahead of time what the controls were like, I very simply would've kept my $35. The big caveat to Steam is that there are no refunds, and now I'm out money for a game I likely will not play in the future.That said, the game itself is beautiful, and the audio is crisp, if not a bit repetetive (the actual sounds you hear on the course ie.) your ball hitting the ground, seem to be one and the same.) making it a very aesthetically appealing experience. Unfortunately I'm a firm believer that gameplay > aesthetics."
,Recommended,269730,16933041,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,taste,"The Golf Club is a fantastic game!HB Studios has nailed down a solid simulation. What really brings out the glory of this title is the Greg Norman Course Design feature.  Creating your own courses is quite enjoyable.  Whether its for yourself with a local track, or its for the masses as a famous track or just something strait from your imagination.The GNCD offers many different themes to choose from when starting out your course, and they keep adding new themes in on a regular basis, along with sew tools and ""stuff"" to use while creating your magic.  The good news here is,  the themes just keep getting better and better than the last, it seems the dev team is really taking note on the feedback from the community on what people want and like.Overall, I have been playing since day 1 of open beta, and after 1500 hours of game play time, I still enjoy and look forward to playing TGC.  I really hope they do a TGC 2 down the line."
,Not Recommended,269730,13380189,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The Angry Hamster,"The Golf Club is a great idea. Place a golf sim game on the PC platform when other developers refuse to and give it a course creator. What could possibly go wrong with such a strong idea? Many things.First and foremost this game does not run well. Even on powerful machines you will innevitably find yourself playing on Medium or lower settings just to get a decent and constant framerate. This is something that can be overlooked by many but still needs to be stated as it is important.Ball striking is solid and good until you get close to the green. Due to the minimal control you have over shot distance anything other than a full 100% shot into the green is unlikely to land anywhere near where you intend it to. Putting is also a widely varying affair where getting correct distances is nearly impossible.The course creator is one of the shining positives in The Golf Club. It has enough functionality and customization to allow for a large variety of course types and difficulties. However, more recent updates had altered some of the terrain functionality making it difficult to create smoothed surfaces with large scale changes. Still, the course creator is definitely a strong point.The largest issue with this game currently is the seeming abandonment of the PC Platform. With their release on PS4 and XBox One, HB Studios have given continuous updates to both of the console platforms, yet have not updated the PC release with any of that content for 2 months as of this writing. ('Release was on October 8th, currently December 15th) This is the most diseheartening thing HB could have done. The console versions now have more HB created cources, 2 more course creator themes, and more bug fixes than the PC version.With this last point in mind, I cannot recommend this game. It is a wonderful idea with a nice course creator that seems to have been abandoned before it could be made into something great. If you really want a golf game on the PC platform and have no other options then pick this up when it is on sale for 50% off or more, otherwise just steer clear. If they ever come back and give the PC platform some love, it may be worth the asking price, but as it stands it is not.Edit: As of 12/19/2014 the PC and console versions are finally on the same patch. Going forward it is difficult to tell if they will become split so disparately as before but this does not change the core idea that it is better to wait for a sale for this game than to buy it at full price."
76561198017314958,Not Recommended,269730,10425907,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Axrat,"Very unpolished at this stage. My main interest and the reason I bought this was for the course designer. I wanted to create a replica of my home course but oh dear oh dear.. what a mess. The whole game was clearly created for the console community and it shows, painfully. The facilty to edit is very poor indeed. You get to go through set options but you cannot start from scratch with a grass field and do one hole after the other which to me is the whole point of a course designer. I know this is early access but I still feel robbed. Unless the whole interface is going to become more ""pc"" friendly and the designer does eventually allow you to place fairways and holes exactly where you want them and not in a set, pre-determined manner I can honestly say I will regret buying this.As always with these alpha, beta, early access games take my advice and DONT BUY UNTIL IT ACTUALLY RELEASES AND YOU KNOW WHAT YOU WILL BE GETTING."
76561197974918156,Recommended,269730,14135131,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Plinker,"This game is loads of fun!  And that's the point isn't it?The Multiplayer works good and the graphics, mechanics, and game play are smooth and enjoyable.I'd recommend an Xbox controller, the mouse controls are not a comparison to a good game controller.I wish there was a user's manual, but I couldn't find one.   Their web site has tutorial videos that communicate very nicely how the game works and covers the many different aspects of game play.  If you enjoy a good golf simulator, this is a worthy purchase."
,Recommended,269730,11787246,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,URASaltypirate,"I've been looking for a good golf game for the PC for a while now (The TW series doesn't count) and I caught this on a steam sale.  Been playing it for a while in early access and have enjoyed it immensely.  Now that the game's out, I have mixed feelings about it.  On one hand, the mechanics of the swing (I play with an xbox controller) are good and the way the ball reacts to the environment is very good.  However, something about it just seems rushed and unfinished.  I'll get hours upon hours of enjoyment out of it and hopefully it gets improved down the line because it's a good game, with the chance to be great.  Would definitely recommend to any golf fan, but it may not appeal to everybody because of the rough edges to it."
,Recommended,269730,24171256,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ToneLoki,"Truly a great golf game!Clean graphicsSmooth gameplayClean MenusCourse Creator / workshopGreat offline co-opExcellent online multiplayer options- like option to watch your opponents take their shots, or not!It keeps your stats, in a nice clean display.It keeps your friends stats on courses, so it has a great competitive element for those looking.Works great with 360 controllerI played Tiger woods 2010-2011 on PS3, it plays a lot like that, but without the spin, turbo, and gear upgrades-- finally, a clean golf game! It's a wonderful thing. There are no cheesy skill upgrades or post-shot gimmicks. You got to own your shots.I'm very happy I bought this. I played with my brother offline for several hours when I bought it, he went home and bought it and we're having a good time with it online.  If you are looking for an enjoyable GOLF game for your PC, I would definitley recommend The Golf Club!Buy it! Youre gonna be so happy, its going to be wonderful"
,Recommended,269730,24187656,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Andrew Gardner,"So far I am really enoying this simulation.  The sounds and graphics are very good and the frame rate is smooth (as long as you don't max out tree detail draw distance).I initially tried playing witht he mouse and found it to be quite frustrating. I switched to the Gamepad and that has made a huge difference.Judging putting power can be a chore at first, but with practice you will get accustomed to it.The great thing about this game is there is no skill progression. Nothing to add points to  in order to increase accuracy, distance, etc.  It is all about how well you can use the sticks, judge the fairways and greens, and select good shots that setup good follow up shots.Also, no after striking modifications. Everything you do is done prior to ball striking, once it is in the air you are an observer.I have worked my handicap index to just over 8, and won my local club season. Currently  in 14th place in the amateur season."
,Recommended,269730,9844664,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,saddisticgoat,Love this game. Great replacement since no more tiger
,Recommended,269730,22865824,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Clown,"By far best golf sim out there! Great graphics, awesome course creator. If your a golf fan, look no furthur. You won't want another golf game after this one."
,Recommended,269730,17174546,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Pave,"((I wanted to add this info to top afterwards, since I failed to mention this before:Unless one specifically goes offline or play the offline-single-player-mode ""Seasons"", all the shots are recorded to online-storages, which is really amazing to me considering I've gotten to a point I semi-refuse to play ""hitscan-client-side-detection-only""-games and such without replay-systems nowadays.Unfortunately currently the replay-system is very barebones with only the playback option available, this far-cry to systems like ""Mario Golf Advance + Toadstool""-tour had.But hopefully this system will get further improved in the sequel / 2.0-update (AKA. ""The Golf Club 2"").))The Overview:Alright, since the game currently is more closer to ""complete""-golf-game nowadays, I suppose it's finally a time to give an overview on this title.First of, what ""The Golf Club"" is:- ""Bare-bones ""just golf""""-game with emphasis on simulation.What ""The Golf Club"" is not:- ""Arcade-like""-golf game with ""Career""-modes to become stronger, more ""bling"", or anything else similar: It's ""Just-golf"".I personally have nicknamed this game as ""Tiger Woods PGA Tour Online ""without gorilla-suit"" and with perma-TrueSwing-mode""; not much else to comment about that aside that both games are / were quite well built into Unity3D-engine.((Those who are interested though, the ""Tiger Woods PGA Tour 12 - Masters"" is quite similar both the UI and the golf-play-wise, minus of course the (identical) ""Greens Fee"" and other things that were in ""PGA Tour Online.""))In other words for the most part your avatar customization is mainly limited to ""etique""-abiding outfits.And your golf-equipments are standardized performance-wise, meaning that there are no ""power-golf-clubs"". There might be more ""style-suiting"" equipment-options available in future (E.G slightly more wider+lighter-clubs to allow pitching from tougher spots with less ""carry"" due lessened-weight), but that's just one personal wishful-thinking.((Fair to mention that I personally mainly play with the least amount of ""assistance-UI"" as possible (green-grid, shot-direction-reticle, wind-indicator, and such), to which I base my overview on))As hinted earlier, the players are also limited to ""semi-TrueSwing"" system, since it's by design that there is no ""traditional 3-click-system"" in-game to emphasis on more ""feeling""-gameplay instead of being cold-hard-mechanical.Unfortunately at the moment, there is no ""dry-hitting"" so playing by just ""the feel"" alone isn't necessarily working for the favor of the players.And since the ""hitting-indicator"" isn't currently working exactly in real-time either (it appears only after the hit is done), the game turns unfortunately into quite fiddly ""percentage""-game because players are semi-forced to number-crunch with the ""lofts"" of their clubs if they want to make more accurate shots. So in the end the hitting-game (currently) is mainly limited to adjusting the loft of the clubs and hitting with max-power, since for the most part the ""fine-tune-club-action"" seen in various other ""TrueSwing""-game is quite non-existent.Point being, the swing+putting-system could be better since it's currently heavily dependant on ""power"" only (indicated by how ""back"" you ""Pull"" the clubs). But it suffices, somewhat.As for the courses (of the amount which in theory are infinite), I personally can only give a / some warning(s): Given that the major-amount of the courses are done by ""everyday-non-pro""-players, there are going to large amount of courses not following the ""official"" (real-life) recommendations; This is very important thing to remember, especially if you're into regular tournament participations.- Especially before the ""Out-of-Bounds"" (or ""O.B"")-system was implemented in, there is large amount of ""Trap-courses"", meaning that if you are very unfortunate to hit your ball into one of the ""trap-valleys"", you're going to be guaranteed end-up getting that ""+9"" (or any other ""max-hit""-amount set).- Since the game doesn't yet support the ""cup-place-randomization"", you're going to end seeing a huge amount of these placed in the middle of ""spiral-macaroni""-greens.What I am trying to say is the a quite a little amount of course-designers follow the following recommendation: ""A player putting from above the hole should be able to stop the ball near the hole."" Okay, that is just one part of the whole thing....For those who are interested for more info, here are few links:http://www.barryrhodes.com/2011/11/position-of-hole-on-putting-green.htmlhttp://www.randa.org/en/Rules-and-Amateur-Status/Guidance-on-Running-a-Competition.aspx?chapter=4&section=2In overall, ""The Golf Club"" is a nice change in the golf-game scenery in which you can simply jump-in and jump-out freely without need of worrying whether your have enough good ""gear"" or otherwise ""stats"" to simply play both by yourself and competing with other players.The issues mentioned above aside, the gameplay itself is pretty solid.And this game  isn't all that power-demanding alongside the game itself is being quite stable (at least on my quite low-spec-computer).On a extra note, the game also features a quite extensive API for those people who'd like to make more organized leagues and similar organizations.This allows websites such astgctours.comto have more accurate data on the players themselves.Who knows though what the developers will eventually bring to this game; the possibilities are almost unlimited!"
,Recommended,269730,15587638,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,reinhardtw,"Being a avid golfer in real life playing of an +2 handicap myself I have played most of the golf games out there. And to be honest most of them become boring because they are way to easy to master. The golf club however always seems to have a new challenge up its sleeve.I have read many reviews slamming the inconsistency of playing with your mouse. My experience is that yes it is challenging but fair. I have played and struggled but learned with each round (Pro Tip, get yourself a proper mouse and a good gaming mouse pad I recommend a Gamdias Pad). Through practice and practice you can achieve amazing things and compete without a gamepad or building a swing rail(cheating in my opinion.). Now my in game handicap is at +9 and getting better(Just shot a 55 at Flathead).You would think that if you played off a +9 you have mastered the game, but you would be mistaken. In elite tournaments playing on your handicap will only just get you in the top 50. Its all about the quest we as golfers share but never attain...Perfection.The quest to be the best and the opportunity to really compete with thousands of other golfers is what makes the golfers club an amazing golf game.Now to the game play. Is it perfect? No, there are problems, especially regarding the rules. With rules I refer to the lack of dropping in the game when you are unfortunate enough to land in a water hazard of end up in an unplayable lie. Most times the re-hit option is enforced only on a rare occasion does the game will drop for you. As for the unplayeble situation, it play it as it lies(or restart ;-) ) There is no custom drop option which is annoying.(They have rectified the droping problem with the last update!04/05/2015)How do you become good? Swinging straight is only 10pecent of the battle. You really have to think about you shot: Club selection, Shot Type, Height, Shape and the most important part of all, where do you want to hit the next shot from. Especially when it comes to where you what to putt from. Speed and rythm of your swing is also very important. Don't think a fast back and through will do it or get you more distance.The Golf Club is an Awsome golf game and I feel it is one of my best purchases on steam to date. I can't wait for the Seasons DLC to come out. No problem with buying it as a add on. I feel I have gotten more that my moneys worth so far.Highly recommended!!!!! You get out what you put in just like in real life golf!"
76561198083420822,Recommended,269730,16618897,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mothafucker Jones,"I love this game. It doesn't hold your hand. It can be frustrating, mixed in with some sweet moments. Just like real golf. There is no special ""tap X and your ball will roll faster"" Tiger Woods bs. So if you like that kind of an arcadish experience, then you probably won't like this game. Great visuals and sounds. Best golf game I have ever played.(note: right now if you're running a Nvidia card you have to roll back to the mid April driver (GTA V release driver) to be able to play. Something with Nvidia's latest drivers is making the game crash before you can even enter the main menu. Please don't let that deter you away from a great game though. The devs know about it and are working on it.)"
76561198079612182,Recommended,269730,23781777,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ARainyDay,This game is great if you like golf and enjoyed the PGA Tour games. The only gripe i have with this game is that the putting can be pretty inconsitant on how much power you need on your stick.
,Recommended,269730,23261938,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dan,"Takes a little getting used to and can be slightly confusing for new users to play competitively with their friends with turn order option. Apart from that, really fun to play and lovely graphics. :)"
76561197992531570,Recommended,269730,21780294,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,veral42,"A cool game with great basic courses  and game modes.  If you're looking for some decent courses, a good editor, and decent controls this is the golf game for you.That said.  This game has a number of SERIOUS issues at the time of writing.  First off online competition is broken. Many players use auto-shot programs and will finish a single round anywhere from 20-30 under par.  Second, you need to pay an additional 10 dollars for the real game, after buying all the extra modes and the editor in the main package.The biggest issue, however, are the graphics.  This game looks amazing... when the graphics decide to function correctly.  At random times they will glitch causing anything from horrific mutilations of the course, to blinding you, to preventing critical info like wind speeds and pin distance to show.  You CANNOT fix these issues, the best you can do is shut the game down and PRAY it works when you reboot.  Expect this to ruin many rounds for you unless you use an auto-shot program."
76561198180512314,Recommended,269730,24129886,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BoomBoom,"After more than 2000 hours in game, might say I'm nearing getting my moneys worth :)Yeah, pretty great game, really like the golf course designer.TGCTours is the best career mode as well.Buy this thing,"
76561197987127286,Not Recommended,269730,24395160,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,xtlm55,"I honestly didn't like the controls in game or for the map editor.And I didn't want to put in the 100's of hours to perfect the feel of the swing as I would rather do that in real life.As for the controls in the editor, most were clumsy and clunky.My frustration level while playing/creating was though the roofWhich is a shame because everything else about the game was really cool.I really wanted to like this game as it's nearly everything I want in a golf game.UghAvatar Golf for Xbox Live is still the pinnacle of golf in my eye. Which is silly when you think about it.If you are willing to learn the control scheme, you may find great enjoyment. There is definately a good game in there. You can tell the developers put a lot of care into their product. But just be aware that it will take getting used too and time."
76561198110486489,Recommended,269730,16346735,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Licktopia,I just got this yesterday and I think it's great.  I think the hardest swing setting is great for a challenge.  The only thing that's annoying for me is that you can't easily connect to play with other players live... So if anyone wants to play please add me as a friend!
,Recommended,269730,16735776,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,coupe_69,"Takes a little time to get into, but soon becomes very addictive. Hardware requirements are a little too high for my liking though and to turn the eye candy up needs a beefy video card. You wouldn't mind so much if the graphics were absolutely out of this world, but they're not, they're distinctly average considering how much it hammers your card."
76561198133708198,Recommended,269730,17076465,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,guitardude_324,"After many years of shelling out money for other golf games and then having to pay more for extra golf courses, I've finally found the ideal solution to my common peeve.  A course with a built-in creator.  There are thousands of courses to choose from.The controls are similar  to the TW series from EA.  It's a game that you're going to struggle with at first, but as you keep playing and practicing, you will get much better.  There are no special power-ups, pants, or hats, just an equal playing field where the individuals that are the most skilled, shine.The creator is accessible to everyone.  You can have it design the course for you and automatically generate a course based on some random parameters you enter.  Or you can start with a blank slate, place the 1st tee and green wherever you want and draw the fairway in between and then plant the bunkers.The creator may seem daunting to some and they may find themselves intimidated by all the features and controls.  But there is an incredibly active community on the game website's forumhttp://www.hb-studios.com/forum/index.php#c7, and a well built community focused on competitive tournaments that are cross platformhttp://tgctours.com/Best parts about this game is that it's constantly upgrading and improving.  If you had a look at this game when it was first released, take another look at it.  There have been dozens of major features added to the creator AND play modes with more on the way.  Also, if you ever have  problem, the developers and players are quick to answer questions and help you when you run into trouble.This is a golf game you shouldn't ignore."
,Recommended,269730,16607506,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Djozar,"Not a bad game/sim at ALL! A little rough to start out but that's just getting your swings and distances learned. Nice to have a game I have to WORK to be good at. I think a lot of the bad reviews come from people who need the instant gratification of an easy win. Too much Tiger Woods EA console gaming. If you don't like to work for your skills, then you probably should stick to Tiger Woods. This game will make you a much better player in the long run!"
76561198124171923,Recommended,269730,21639787,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Razor2nd,Fantastic golf game - it really is the best! The dynamics are superb and the graphics are beautiful! The course creator is just unbelievable - the courses that are being created are just stunning. If you love the game of golf you MUST get this game!
,Recommended,269730,16957007,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,mcbogga,"Great game, best golf title to date. Just feels like real golf. And with the user driven TGC Tours community running tournaments a very immersive virtual sporting experience. Among the best value for money you will find in gaming."
76561198017392844,Recommended,269730,22788240,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,coruler2,"The game has come so far from the ho-hum early release.  The courses and the designer are an A+.  TGCTours is the best community out there.  Must buy and play for golf fans.  Over 1000 super courses, and 10k+ good courses."
76561198099791473,Recommended,269730,21597190,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,mibel,"I love this game, it's a fun golf game with unlimited possibilities as far as courses go and gameplay wise it can really make you think, it's not too easy and not too hard. WithTGCTours.comand what they do making feel like you are having a golf career, this is a must buy for any golf fan. I play the game everyday."
76561197970679196,Recommended,269730,15934118,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gazchelski,"Excellent golf game for True Swingers, putting is tough but once you get the measure of it, it becomes a lot better. Graphics are real good. Courses are very good, plus the added fact that the in game Course Designer, is very simple to use, so you can design Courses with ease, you don't have to be an expert to do this. I would buy this Game if you like playing golf. 5 star rating from me for this one. :)"
76561197994177206,Recommended,269730,15970570,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Protato,"This game is a great golf game for both heavy and light players. The scenery looks very nice and the basics of the game are easy for pick up and play; however the hardest courses can be a tough challenge for any experienced player. This game also has, in my opinion, one of the best level designers I have seen in any game (it can be a bit wonky at times but after 1 or 2 courses you can easily put together a unique custom course in a couple of hours, or just randomly generate a course in a matter of minutes)The main complaint I see if that the game is not complete, which is true. However every big patch the developers release is exceptionally solid, although maybe a bit slow they release meaningful and necessary content every time."
,Not Recommended,269730,12101345,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Sean Smash!,"It's graphically really nice, the course designer is really cool... but the gameplay is fairly boring and a little frustrating.  It's difficult to judge shots that aren't full shots, theres' no meter to show  your swing power, it seems like shot shape is totally determined by mouse movement tempo... get a little quick and you'll be hooking  your way around the course.  Tournament play is dull, I've only ever played ""ghost"" players.  There's no storyline style of play w/ some sort of career path or tour path.  There's no variety of equipment or ability to maybe get some ""boost"" going from an amatuer to say a pro where you swing a little faster and get more distance, etc.  Overall it's not fun enough to hold my attention for more than about 10 mins at a time unless you're designing a course and then you can spend hours tweaking it (which sadly I have) and I probably won't play it much in the future."
,Recommended,269730,15695318,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Crackadamus,"The reviews and metacritic scores don't really do this game justice in my opinion. It's a great looking game, and difficult without being frustratingly so. In fact, I only bought the game earlier today and I've already spent about six hours playing it, which in itself should indicate how much I've been enjoying it.So far, I think the only negative thing I'd really have to say about the game is that the customization is pretty lacking. That is to say, relating to the amount of choice in cloths and accessories available to outfit the player. The course designer on the other hand looks pretty amazing.Anyway, I'm not one to ramble on so I'll cut this short. Suffice it to say if you're looking for a quality game of golf on WIndows look no further. I'm really pleased I decided to pick this up today."
,Not Recommended,269730,11427977,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Avolition,"Overall I like this game, but in its current state I cannot recommend it.  First off, it is definitely not optimized for PC.  It runs poorly at best.  The second issue is a lack of any type of tutorial or instruction, which may or may not solve the other issue: putting.  Putting is confusing and seems very inconsistent.Verdict: Wait.For the curious, I have an Asus ROG G75 with a core i7 CPU and Geforce 670MX graphics card.  It runs everything I throw at it (see my extensive library for reference)"
76561198065324969,Recommended,269730,14526250,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,hotjason1991,"I seriously LOVE this game. It's so realistic. No arcade elements make this game as close to a real golfing as possible. I have no idea why this game has ""Mixed"" reviews. Maybe it's the fact that there's no meters or gauges, so it's a little harder to make perfect shots. But it's possible. And once you master the shots and putting, it's awesome game... I give it 9,5/10"
76561198081528521,Recommended,269730,15102640,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DinkleFairy,"I have been playing this game since the Early access release and whata treat it is!Getting better and better with every update, running smoothly on an AMD fx8350/gtx770 from Nvidia. the game lives up his name, with more and more features comming with every update, a good tech team who handles communications very well. yeah, the career mode is missing but so what, it's also about online play, and even with some glitches or hickups once in a while, you need to buy this game.only point is: Play it with a controller, the feeling is better when you control your swing with the stick."
76561197996598275,Recommended,269730,9862717,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Biggins,"UPDATED 17/06/2015I've been gaming since the '70s and I've played a lot of different games over that time on a lot of different systems.  But until now I've not known a games company support their product like HB have.  It is still receiving incredible updates; so much so that it is almost unrecognisable to the original release.The game has swallowed my life.  Buy it.ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOWI've spent a lot of time with this game now and I'm looking forward to spending more time with it.At the time of review, this game is in Early Release.  But you wouldn't know.  If you pay your money now then you are getting a highly polished game.  If you like golf, you'll love this.The game itself is immensely addictive.  It is much more of a simulation compared to the nonsensical arcade style of Tiger Woods (Hit a good shot, penalised because you weren't wearing a Nike wristwatch?).It is easy to hit a bad shot on this game and putting can be difficult.  But hit a good shot and you'll be rewarded - just like real golf.  And that is the point.  It *feels* like real golf.  You'll get frustrated at your bad shot 'cos you know you can do better.  You'll stop and think on each of your shots.  A good round of golf *feels* like a good round.  If you've played golf games in the past then you'll know how much of an achievement this is.  And I've been playing golf games since NIck Faldo Plays The Open came out on the Spectrum in 1985.The course creator is a real gem.  It is a beautiful tool.  Take a look at the game's forums and see some of the creations that have been put down by the community.  Many people have spent 50 hours + on their work - and it shows.  But the real beauty is the simplicity of the tool.  You can create a beautiful course in no time at all - and with little effort.  But if you put a bit of effort in, then you and others will appreciate the results.Proposed additions to the game will make this even better.  Frankly, this is a must buy for anyone with an interest in golf.  You won't be dissapointed."
76561197995239651,Recommended,269730,23236783,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,datacop,"IMHO, there's a glitch with the game. As of this entry, that glitch has not been fixed. Not being able to complete my swing began after I upgraded to Windows 10. What I found worked in that situation where I couldn't complete my swing was, while still on the hole I was having problems completing my swing on I hit alt+enter, clicked inside the game window, then hit alt+enter again. This caused some artifacts to appear. Then I hit the escape key, clicked exit game, clicked accept, then, from the main menu I resumed the game, then I was able to complete my swing and continue play and didn't notice any more swing hang ups. Hope this helps."
76561198035626017,Recommended,269730,21741262,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Hobbes,"I'd say its a good pickup.  I get just as frustrated in the game as i do real life.  I play with a controller and recomend you do to.  I wish it had tutorials to show the finer points of the game.  I feel like they introduce wind as a way to build artificial difficulty.  But all in all, good graphics, good gameplay, nice challenge."
,Recommended,269730,23653969,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Prairiedawg,Pretty good golf mechanics.  Putting takes a bit of getting used to but feels real good when you get the hand of it.There are more courses than you'll ever be able to play and there are always more being created.  You can even search local courses and you might be able to play a course you've played in real life.
76561198038162659,Recommended,269730,21787441,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ProTulx,A really fantastic golf game!Just two things I miss+ Multiplayer Lobby+ Dedicated driving range & putting green for practiceCheers
,Recommended,269730,21857080,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,reneGADE_550,"Decent game, gives me something to do when I'm not on the golf course or it's raining outside."
,Recommended,269730,24621036,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,The Jam Bug,"I'm not too sure why there are so many bad reviews for this game. I haven't played hunderds of hours but so far I haven't had any issues at all. I was looking to buy a golf game, this was on offer and I couldn't be happier. So much variety with thousands of courses to choose from. Looking forward to creating my first course.If you're looking for a golf game get this. Unless you want something like Golf With Friends but they're obviously very different games."
76561198064622954,Not Recommended,269730,11846962,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,osstenroos,"Do not buy this game if you do not have DX 11 Hardware. If you have DX 11 Software, but don't have DDI Version 11 or higher it will not work. On laptops with Nvidia, you will need GeForce GTS 400 or higher hardware. At this point I don't recommend this game because they failed to make it clear what DX 11 Hardware compatible means. I will write another review after I get my new computer.  Check DXDiag and go to display tab for your DDI Version."
,Recommended,269730,23410139,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,pyates,"Have played this on PS4 for the last 18months solid.  I haven't played this on PC yet due to lacking a half decent PC to play it but have bought it in anticipation of such a day.Simply put the game is excellent and there is a constant flow of excellent courses from a buzzing community.  Go visitwww.tgctours.comand you'll see why no decent career mode is irrelivant.  Simply an amazing online experience where you can have a proper virtual career with lots of friendly folk of all levels of skill.  The course designer is brilliant and allows for an immense amount of creativity.  The designer has come on incredibly since launch, some designs are simply spectacular.Get it now!  Oh and watch this space, I expect a sequel to be announced soon"
76561198059051416,Recommended,269730,18864043,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Prince Valdorn,I felt that this game needed more positive reviews as the low % does not do it justice. If your a fan of golf without the razzmatazz that comes with other golfing games this is ideal. Just Golf. Lovely graphics gret controls once you get used to them plenty of comtol available in you shots though i find it plays better on a contoller than with M/K. Also runs perfectly well on my I5 with Nvidia GTX 760 as long as you dont ramp up the detail on trees that are further away that the hole your playing so 300-400 yards is fine. Great game highly under rated dont be put off by bad reveiws though you will need a fair spec of PC to play smoothly. Best golf game since PGA Tour 96 on the meagdrive :-)
,Recommended,269730,20262209,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Smo Huffmister,"Game is great! Good graphics, great physics, minor bugs... I did not think I was to enjoy this game so much! Really easy to get a hang of, and complex enough to make good plays very rewarding. This is a must play with controller, definetly the way to go. Had some friends over and they tried it out, we ended up pulling an all-nighter playing the crap out of this game with the multi-player. Everybody was amazed how entertaining a golf game could be. Worth every penny"
76561198022043667,Recommended,269730,23839970,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jawsman01,"I barely reccomend, because this game is OK for being on $ale, but could be made far better.This is the best Golf game I have tried, but is by far NOT the pretiest, and would need a Cray Supercomputer to run full settings and look pretty like the videos used here depict to hock it. Don't trust me, look at the discussion boards or Google it. Most complaints and developer answers are 2014-2015, so I have zero hope of any further graphical or FPS tweaks, period.That said:I do like the game. The graphics are semi-pretty for Unity's decade old look and less than smooth feel.The physics are excellent, but unlike has been said by developers I don't believe the engine uses more than one single core at all. This game bogs down if any setting is too high or if too much activity is onscreen. Which is very often.SUMMARY:If you have an extremely powerful PC, and a much newer video card than you may be able to get 30-40fps on medium settings. Don't belive me, then look it up or roll the dice like I did. And I have a NICE PC & Win 10.A great buy for $5 to $7 - only, no moreI would very much eat my words and reccommend highly should the devs ever address the poor framerates and lack of video tweaking. But since nothing has been improved in ages, wish that in one hand and spit in the other and see which gets filled quicker...☺"
76561197971366720,Recommended,269730,23281415,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Bo_Jackson,This game blows Jack Nickalus perfect golf away .I paid 20.00 for perfect golf and couldnt even play it it was so badjust buy this dont waste your time on others . join the tgc tour and start off at Q school
76561198038173148,Recommended,269730,22508580,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Skylandrial,The Golf Club is a really nice golf simulation.  I like the mouse movement over the clik clik of most other golf games
76561198009618833,Recommended,269730,15701862,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Aidan,"I purchased this game when it was still in development, and it has come a long way. Ok, I am not a pro golfer but I love spots games, and this one is no exception. The only thing I would complain about is that the physics are too exact to real life, so much so my swing has the same results it does in real life...tat wicked right hook...lol...With all sincerity, this is fun if you just want to hit the ball around. If you use a mouse you will have more control, but using a controller is hit and miss, I recommend using a mouse instead. Overall it is a very solid, stable, and as long as you use the mouse it is a very playable game too."
,Recommended,269730,15599876,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,cerox,"This piece of art has tremendous potential. I am thankful to the developers for a lovely game where I can play a large amount of golf between writing mission critical code and working on my software developments (relaxation much). What makes this game excellent is:1. The swing mechanic isn't newcomer friendly. The swing has a learning curve, you MUST pull your mouse backwards and then forwards to thrust your shots. This step done by you controlling your hand, wrist and arm need be precise for perfect shots otherwise you will inherit a large handicap. The handicap can be thought as a rank, the lower the handicap, the better your precision in this game I conclude.The game plots a linear traversal of your mouse movement per shot, thus you can see if you need improve pulling back or pushing forward to maintain a straight swing of each club.2. Each club is distinct, each has its own feel and each has a distinct difficulty to master.3. The game is not arcade-like, it caters to a hardcore gamer. Thus it may be considered in time a golf variant eSports title, much like Counter Strike is to professional FPS players.4. MAPS! The game includes real-world golf courses thus adding more realism. The game also includes algorithms so that, a) other players can create courses and upload them for other players to play and b) you can play a new course in literally seconds thus new content additions driven by the community for the community.A sound financial investment for years of golf playing for those of us struck at our desk. Try it, when you get the hang of it, its fun.---Things I'd like to see in future.1. Graphical Settings, I would like to tweak all settings, my computer is a beast and I want to see what is enabled when I've set the game launch settings to HIGH.2. Frame Rendering when Window is Inactive. I play in windowed mode and not fullscreen, thus when I window switch to a work window, I want to be able to see frame updates in the game window (which is inactive) without having to click on it again. This is useful when in multiplayer, watching others play etc whilst I can write some more code inbetween my shots.3. Customisation options, character customisation etc."
76561198114582045,Recommended,269730,15820333,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,H.E. Pennypacker,"Good golfing sim, I love the additions on the DLC withSeasons, a new course theme, and 3 new HB Official courses. The game feels more complete withSeasonswhich is basically offline career mode. I think the DLC should have been part of the original game or at least given free to Early-Access buyers like me :-).The Golf ClubCommunity is not big and overall mixed reviews, If you haven’t bought this game yet you might as well wait for the newEA Sports Rory Mcilroy PGA Tour, unless you love golf that much and can’t wait. Oh and... NO 3 CLICK SWING SYSTEM!?"
76561198089008816,Recommended,269730,15583780,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bob Generic,10/10
,Recommended,269730,13600545,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Burger King™,"As a golfer, this is the best PC golf game I have played.Pros:-Fast and firm greens for that PGA Tour feel-Shot shaping works well-Great power percentage system out of rough, sand, etcCons:-Way too much spin on flop shots and very short pitches. Has the developer even played golf before?-Not enough spin on short/mid iron shots. Again, watch the PGA Tour sometime.-Wind is inconsistent. Can vary from 0 to 15mph on any course for some reason. Makes some rounds much easier than others.-I wish there was a better way to discover new courses"
,Recommended,269730,18049158,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,FreakOrama,"Me and Golf games: I'm a filthy casual, in terms of playing golf games.Review: Worth it, buy it.Top-quality in graphics, animations, and a lovely commentary. The gameplay is more in-depth than your average ""click on the senter of the bar for maximum goal chance"" although the controls might need work but sufficiant and playable =)"
,Recommended,269730,10508436,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,joshbrenner00,great game!
,Recommended,269730,12027817,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,DDawg,"The sim has potential, even though it was most likely released prematurely. The course editor is fair, although it too, seems to be lacking some. Having said that, it is possible to produce a nice course with effort.Downside is anyone and everyone can publish a course.  Some are great while mose are just Auto-generated with no real thought placed into them. Making a hugh library of crap courses.  Problem here is you don't know how bad they are until you play them.Even a few of the ""HB Official"" course are questionable.A course review by users would help determine which course would be worth playing. but, then you have to weed out the ""typical"" bash or praise user comments.  Ditto on the course rating system.  ratings are worthless without some sort of commentary to back them up.However, this is no reason to at least purchase the sim and try it yourself. It is worth the 35 dollars.  It does appear that HB Studios is working on continual improvements for the PC user side of the coin.  I'm not a fan of ""console"" sim games.  Console and serious ""Simulation Games"" and non exsistant in my opinion.  I know this is harsh to some, but being old school hard core computer geek.  Consoles will never match to power of a high-end computer sim.  Software companies save cost issues on coding for multi-gaming platforms and Console gamers make them the most money, so the PC user usualy is the Dinosaur in the room for gamers.I still think that in the end, if you're a PC gamer, this wll be a great sim after a few more patches and issues get resolved.Getting it now will allow you to get use to the gameplay and feel for what HB has done.  Graphics are great eye-candy, but can be taxing on a even a high-end video card.I still find this sim very enjoyable. And at times, just as frustrating as in ""real"" golf!"
76561198078677236,Recommended,269730,22317915,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,kengoblue,I could never quite get the hang of the mouse for good contol.THEN I went to a gamepad.Holy moly.It's made this game the best one out there in terms of 'feel'.Now to get some lobbies going and a golf shop.Looking forward to TGC2.They have come a long way in getting these controls to be 'controlable' and I have more fun playing this golf game than any other.Ever.The Magnolia courses are masterpieces. And to be able to have the exact daily pin placements is mind blowing.Best Golf Sim Ever.The putting still gets me on occasion but so does the real thing.Kudos to the Devs on a masterpiece.
76561198136648854,Recommended,269730,17023081,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,philby85,"I have played computer golf games since I first saw Leaderboard golf for the C64. Through the years the games have improved and so have the graphics lol. PGA2000 was perhaps the highlight. However, i purchased this game and absolutely love it. Great gameplay, great graphics and devs who encourage feedback. The course designer is an amazing tool that provides an incredible amount of beautful courses to play. Highly recommended."
76561198031076832,Recommended,269730,21444590,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,smifffers,Best golf I have played very realistic will take many many hours to master this game. If you liked Tiger Woods this is more than 100% better than that I definitely recommend this game if your into golf hundreds of courses can play with and chat (via team speak)  with your friends. No power gauge for this you have to work it out but all the information is there play with mouse or joypad your choice awesome game you can pick and choose tough courses or easy ones if you are a girl he he
,Recommended,269730,24896154,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CallmeMiner,"I got this game around 2 years ago and I love it. The base game itself isn't really why though. I useTGCTOURS.COMwhich is basically an online tournament/competitive league simulating all the real life tours. I'm sure there are other websites such as this one but I havn't really looked into it. If you aren't really into that then the course designer is AMAZING! You can pretty much do anything to your course and its awesome! Check out some tutorials on youtube first and make sure you never auto generate your holes, build them yourselves. For some cool courses I recommend going onto the forums(thegolgclubgame.com)and checking out the courses there.If you aren't into either building courses or playing in online tournaments, then this game isn't for you.ALSO: if you do not have a controller this game is... meh. It is literally impossible to swing without a controller for me and it is NOT a 3 click swing mechanic game. Controller is pretty much a must."
76561197997039540,Recommended,269730,22738725,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,fishmilk,"Great game, me and my friends have a blast playing it."
76561197972823757,Recommended,269730,24448869,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Bazookatooth,"Fun, easy to understand and nice visuals. I got this for $10, and that was well worth it."
76561198014635560,Recommended,269730,13839634,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Articuss,Good game.It is getting better with updates.Reasonable purchase a present price ($34.99) if you like golf games.Would like to see an RPG mode in this game similar to Mario Tennis but more mature--would give the game some more 'character' and appeal to single-player.
76561198048049516,Recommended,269730,14462414,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,meerul95,It's a really good game but for some reason the game lags so much. My computer has the enough spec to run this game and it just lag like crazy. I hope the developer would do something about this for the next update.
,Recommended,269730,15262352,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,PRYM8,"great all around golf game, but please add multiplayer support like PGA TOUR had."
,Recommended,269730,11877678,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Disheveled Possum,"A quick history about me and golf games; I've been interested and played golf games since the early LINKS series on DOS/Windows, as well as Tiger Woods, and other iterations throughout the years. I haven't played a game on the PC in years, and purchased this game during the Early Access period.First impressions! Beautiful landscapes, variety of enviroments, endless courses to play (thanks to generation and community games), native controller support, Couch COOP and online modes! The feature set is impressive, and the controls seem natural and well thought out. It's an easy game to get into, but a tough game to master, exactly like golf. :) Playing online with friends is a bit different, as you are set to play simultaneously on the same course by default. You can however, change it to 'Alternate Shot' by a quick visit to the menu. No relog required.Some nice changes I'd like to see! I'd like to see more variety in the player creation (more clothing options, more customizability), as well as customized clubs or bags for an added touch. These would be flavour items only, and provide no additional benefits (as the game is designed). The game could also benefit from a bit of an easier way to join friends games, such as using the Steam Menu 'Join Game'.Summary - A beautifully designed, well executed golf game, with procedural course design and an endless pool of community talent, this may be the best golf game ever released on PC. Score - [ 9.5 / 10 ]TLDR; Love golf games? Buy this now."
,Recommended,269730,14319006,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mclaughlin_fan,First golf game I have had for an wile. could do with difrent ball and clubs. I like the course editor.
76561198023968865,Recommended,269730,16515009,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Shea Reyes,"As most reviews on here say, if you are looking for a poor mans Tiger Woods PGA tour, this is not it. The 100% reason you will play this game more than once is just because you don't want all the flashy complicated stuff, you just want to play a nice round of golf."
,Recommended,269730,17266234,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Doovy,"As you can probably see, this game has mixed views and opinions on whether or not this game is worth it. Hopefully this review can help you decide whether the game is worth it or not.If you are interested in playing an unlimited amount of courses created by yourself and thousands online, if you like to build courses with an excellent course creator, if you want a game that is considered a ""golf simulator"", if you want a golf game with a fun, active forum community and if you want a golf game with a VERY ACTIVE dev team, this is your game. This game is truly just about the golf itself.If you are looking for a golf game with a crowd cheering behind you, to play on a tour (amongst the pros) and earn cash or XP to customize what your character is wearing and how he looks plus the gear he is using, to level up your golfer, to play with pro players, and to play on real courses, this is not the game for you.People have, HOWEVER, recreated a TON of real courses in The Golf Club, and many, many of them are FANTASTIC!In general: Don't waste your money on this if you aren't truly looking for a golf game that is focused primarily on the golf itself. If you are more interested in how your character looks and levels up, I'd look elsewhere.I, myself, LOVE this game, as I care much more about the golfing experience rather than character customization, a tour and a crowd. I followed this game months before its release date, and the game has done nothing but improve over its lifespan.These are just my opinions! Overall: 8.5/10; recommended for gamers (or golfers) wanting a golf sim.EDIT: I also forgot! It is recommended that you have a controller, such as a wired xbox 360 controller, to play this game."
76561197996610226,Recommended,269730,23840248,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,lei07,"I am a golf casual, I do not watch, play or follow the sport, but the games have always interested me. Coming from the era of Sensible Golf on the Amiga 1200, and the PGA Tour series on the Mega Drive, it has been a rather long time since playing a golf sim, unless if you count GTA V, of course.I tired Perfect Golf some weeks ago, before the rebranding, and I had to refund that in about half hour. It was clunky, terrible detailing, and poor selection of courses. I picked this up in the sale today, and it is just miles better.Visually and mechanically better, with hundreds of official and fan made courses availible at a few clicks, offers much more variety straight off the... club (not bat, obviously).The progression system here seems to make more sense, and I can see that online play would be super fun with like minded friends. And controller support, which suits me more for a game like this.There may be a slightly tongue in cheek humour to this sim for those that, shall we say, need to adapt to how to swing effectively, but you can always mute the snarky commentator. For a Unity title it is pretty smart, and looks nice enough on the default/lower settings (GTX 970), but would need a Titan or the new GTX 1080 to really push the detailing and keep it above 60fps.For a non-branded golf sim this is pretty sweet, and one of the better choices on Steam."
76561198009629929,Recommended,269730,16784157,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SwagMeisterB,there ya go
,Recommended,269730,14856740,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Burgermaster-Max,"Haven't played a golf game on my PC for years. This is definitely a golf game. It's definitely made in unity. It's alright. It's the best I've played on PC for a while. It's not easy to master like the Tiger Woods franchise, which could be a good or bad thing. Doesn't have the same sort of progression as Tiger Woods either where you feel like you're getting better-and-better. I hate Tiger Woods. The game not the person. Anyone who drives around in a massive SUV, coked off his face with hookers is alright in my book. Wait. What am I talking about? I hate Tiger Woods the person too."
76561198068258824,Recommended,269730,15617885,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MocoDave,Good Golf Game... been having a lot of fun playing....
76561197993879062,Recommended,269730,9983155,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,komakino,"To be fair it's pretty much the only game in town in terms of PC golf sim since EA's execrable Tiger Woods The Masters debacle, and the good news is it's a thoroughly decent effort, easy to pick up and play, but with skills to master through ongoing play, nice to look at (although as a beta it's all in need of a final polish).  For an early access game it really is outstanding, by the time it reaches alpha and the community get to work with the course editor to produce some real world courses there may well be nothing to touch it on the PC or consoles.Heartily recommended for anyone who still remembers Links fondly."
76561198080403270,Recommended,269730,15085373,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,dareim,"I am a golf instructor and author of ""Golf Demystified"" on Amazon who has played golf for 28 years.  For this reason, I believe my experience and knowledge counts for this review.  The Golf Club is the most realistic golf games I have ever played.  Yes, I have played every golf game.  I currently have devoted 105 hours playing it.  The sheer number of courses and various terrain really draws the player into the game.  Of course, it is not perfect.  First, you need to play the game with a controller to really enjoy the experience.  Second, the game is challenging like the game of golf.  Third, there is room for improvement and additions.  Overall, it is worth scheduling a tee time to play The Golf Club."
,Recommended,269730,15409435,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,TUKAN SAM [2098],"I genuinely do not understand the negative reviews for The Golf Club.The physics are great, the graphics are current and crisp, the controls, while difficult to master, are perfectly fine, and the user created courses are supurb.  In fact, the creation tools is one of this game's strongest features.  I've had a ton of fun playing this game and will continue to do so when I'm not out playing real golf."
,Recommended,269730,20382756,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Justin,"if you are a father, son, and/or a fan of the greatest game, buy it."
,Recommended,269730,15256037,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Prometheus,"This game should not have mixed reviews as it has. It is an excellent game as it is today! Do not be fooled by the vague, ""one dimension of the game earns it a thumbs down"" reviews. Here are some things you need to know before buying it so you do not harp on the game for one single thing.This is a direct x 11 game. If you do not have a compatible graphics card that can play directx 11 games. do not buy this until you do. It says that under recommended hardware  andunder the bare requirements for the game.This game is best played with a controller. It does its best attempt for smart control on a keyboard and mouse but having a controller is should be the standard for you to enjoy the game. This game does not hold your hand.  The game play is a simulation of real golf and this game is a simulator without the licensed pros.They have put so much into the physics of the game that you have to account for the environment as much as the consistency of your fingers playing it. All these people calling it inconsistent are really just having a hard time being consistent operating the controls to the game. It is not the game making the mistakes! This game is unforgiving and if only with the added handicap does it love you. So if you get it, practice, and look at the tutorials on their website explaining golf physics and information in understanding their game. You would realize it was you all along. This is not a simple push a button to hit the ball sort of game.It also does not display the line of trajectory before you hit. This at which I think is amazing. Do you see the line of trajectory of your golf ball before you drive or putt in real life? NO! Can you imagine how boring the leaderboards would be if they held your hand to the top. A popular game called Dark Souls is so popular because of how hard it is. This game is the golf version of that. It is hard and that is why it is fun and also fair.Now with that there are a few things I hope change for the better to make this game even better with some suggeastions.A little more selection in the appearance and attire including colors of the golfers and clothes would be nice.I do not believe female characters tee off at the female tees. Not that they need to, but the ability to do that would be nice.Maybe you could come up with attributes for each person so one players golfer drives further, or pitches better. It seems fake that everyone can carry a ball if they perfectly control it and account for weather, hit 265 yards every time. So maybe have some diversity somehow, which would unfortunately mess with the balance of the game so it is tough idea, but play with it. Just something so that if all things are perfect, we don’t hit the same distance. Right now we have a few avatars who have the same muscle strength.Another feature that would be nice, is if when you are looking for a course to play it would display if you have played it. The game does not immediately display if you have played the course. This game has so many courses and I forget which ones i have played. You have to click on the course and go to leader boards to see what previous score you earned to know if you have played that course. So maybe a quick indicator if you played, maybe even how many times you have played it and maybe even a score display since last time you played it.I know since this is a golf simulator most people would not go play golf when weather is bad and the conditions suck, but maybe you can allow rain and other features. Maybe bring the variable of temperature to the game and how it effects golf ball movement. It wouldn’t be the first time someone coordinated a game of golf with friends and by the time you reach the back nine a storm cloud emerged bringing lightning and thunder or if it is a cold day maybe a little sleet or snow came in with the clouds. Then maybe you can go back to the club and wait (pretty much skip bad weather) on take the challenge of playing in the even worst weather. Now gamers, don’t overreach with this comment that this would mean they have to simulate the golfers health if they get struck by lightning and maybe you should manage hydration and injury or your mood or your golfers social relations because your worried your wife is going to find out your cheating on her ;-) and that will effect your game. I doubt the creators would go so far, but that suggestion of even more varied weather might be a great additional feature.I hope they come up with more game modes to play on, Like foursome, scramble Ambrose, Texas/ Champagne  scramble, skins , greensome, patsome, chapman, better/best ball.The amount of statistics the game provides is phenomenal. Add more if you can.  Like 3 days ago and yesterday stats.The ability to play a course while playing other peoples ghost games is amazing. Also you can play your previous ghost games against yourself. See where you went wrong. Genius!The graphics are phenomenal. This game is beautiful hence direct x 11 requirmentAdd more subtle sound effects. Like a plane going by. Love it when planes go by. A golf course by my house is near a airport and i actually find that sound soothing lol. More ambience sound effects.Maybe, instead of using the course maker, actually make a driving range or putting, pitching, chipping range. Of course you can do this in the course editor with no tarnishment to your stats, but still.By the way that course editor is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The amount of options one can take and the amount of courses the community has made is gorgeous. You will almost never have to play the same course twice and if you do, play to beat your own records or beat someone elses.Maybe allow people to make custom clothes and clubs?Anyway, just an amazing game this is. All my suggestions and feedback should not be a list of disappointments the game does not have, but rather a fan boy going far and beyond.Please do your research before buying this game to see if it is for you. They are not falsely advertising the game, you are just lazy. Do your research please! If i think of any other addons, comments for my review I will add it later.Thanks you guys for the great game and I hope you are not done improving it. You have really made something special in this game"
,Recommended,269730,10220122,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Fr34kfrag,"This review was inspired by some of the forum posts i have seen of late. Many are complaining that it's difficult, other's try to compare this to tiger woods. The biggest complaint is the fact that this game is difficult, it has not indication of where the ball will land, you cannot change your power on the swing as effectively as in every other golf game. There is no 3 click swing option either.While these features are negatives for others, i find this brilliant. It's as close to a real golf game as can be. If you are a real golfer, you will know that golf, is part luck and part experience. In real golf you cannot really control the strenght of your swing, your golf club is designed for a set distance and momentum does the rest. You can adjust your stance and swing to give you an INeffective swing which is then called a chip, punch or a pitch. These types of swings are created by constraining the swing of the club. GC does the same. You cannot see where the ball is going to land IRL, you hope it's going to land where you want it to land, this is what GC does. It's not always possible to have a 100% power on swing in real life, this is what CG does.Now if these are going to change, i would not know, but it sure as hell stops the above avarage scores from happening less than often. Along with the course designer, you will always have to think to play and not run in like a pro and finish 24 below par. The game has some performance issues and there are a few hiccups, hence the ALPHA state. There are however a few recommendations that will turn this into the best Golf game i have played to date. Having a stamina meter or the option to play randomly created golf courses of your friends will really make this one shine.For those seeking something easier, run back to your Mario Golf or PGA tiger woods games and stay away from this one. This is golf....in digital form, so SUCK IT UP and welcome to the real golfer's world."
76561198027078048,Recommended,269730,12802216,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ObsoleteNexus,"“I'm hitting the woods just great, but I'm having a terrible time getting out of them”. ~Harry ToscanoThus an extremely accurate description of my own golf game in real life. Mates good naturedly sledging each other whilst playing a round at the local Golf Course is a strangely relaxing way to enjoy a day. Yep it is a game where “……….. you yell ""fore,"" shoot six, and write down five”. ~Paul HarveyNo longer however, as HB Studio’s has recently released The Golf Club. This is a golf game based on that premise of it is you and your mates playing at your local golf club. There are no licensed courses, and strangely this makes little difference as there are more excellent courses than you will ever be able to play from the 1000’s already available.When playing these courses you will feel like a virtual champion, even by scoring +2 or -8 and for the majority of virtual golfers this will probably be around your score. That is exactly what makes this game so good, yes you will hit drives straighter, but still have your shanks; you will still have some tricky approach shots which at times will make you feel like a hero and other times like you are playing real golf; and the putting in my opinion is the best that has ever been in a golf game. The amount of putts I just miss, genuinely makes me feel like I really am out on the golf course.The graphics are of a very good quality, you will not be disappointed by the look of these courses, though be aware there are a very few, that could make your system of choice chug due to the amount of detail that has been added in. HB Studio’s were on to this quickly though and have now placed a cap on the amount of detail that can be added to prevent this, however there is still plenty of room to create your course rendition.Yes, you have read between the lines well from the odd comments in the last few paragraphs. This golf game also comes with an extremely good course creator. How good, well the Greg Norman design company now use it as a design tool for their clients, and there are many superb user created courses, some of which can be seen here on my YouTube Channel;https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaQ9yFmYtTDa1Ln3hzklh6jeJMPz-m2uBIn conclusion this is a golf game no virtual golfer should be without in their collection. The course designer is worth the price of admission alone and well the game play itself;  “If I had cleared the trees and drove the green, it would’ve been a great shot ~ Sam Snead"", will keep you coming back for round after virtual round."
,Recommended,269730,11801952,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Spyder,"An absolutely amazing golf game. Great graphics and sound with smooth controls. The course creator really fun to play around with, plus tons of cool fan made courses. Overall, this game has a really authentic feel to it. If you are a fan of golf games at all I highly recommend this game."
76561197966690103,Recommended,269730,9876321,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,TOX444,"An absolute great golf game for the PC. With the addition of the easy to use course creater, a seemingly infinite amount of user created courses and developers who obviously have a great love of the sport this one may go down as one of the best golf simulations ever. A great big thumbs up !!!"
,Not Recommended,269730,12356808,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Rampage Jackson,"Decent game but needs attention before I would recommend it.The backswing and down swing are way to slow and can really throw your swing (mouse movements) off because of this, also is very hard to have control over how much power is put into each shot.Not being able to move your shot aimer when zoomed down the hole is annoying and not being able to move your shot aimer with your mouse is quite annoying also. Putting can be really difficult when using a mouse.The course editor could use some more basic functions of moving holes and tee's."
76561198018774387,Recommended,269730,23829492,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Spyral,"Fantastic golf game. Minimal learning curve, excellent community making fantastic courses (fictional and real life) and running events. Can't believe it took me two years to find this game!"
76561198310901478,Recommended,269730,23859569,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ddross,This is a great golf game and after being on WGT for 5 years its refreshing not to have to buy new balls and equipment every month and this is more realistic in graphic.s
,Recommended,269730,23802969,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Blake,"Best golf game I have played besides Links 2003. Physics are awesome (few glitches here and there), the courses are spectacular with thousands of user created courses, and is more than just an arcade golf game. Best purchase I've made in a sports game in a very long time. Get this game if you love golf. 10/10 very fun."
76561198054879042,Not Recommended,269730,28175277,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/ion357,December 2016. I recommend waiting till it's on sale for $15 or less. In that sense I recommend it.PROS:It's kinda fun if you have enough patience to get decent at the swing mechanics and can overlook the cons.Graphics are adequate I suppose.It's one of the best of the bad selection of golf games on steam.It has course creation.Probably fun with friends.CONS:Sometimes green lines lie!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn_LMzWo4u0The swing system isn't the 3-point system. They went out on a limb with this new swing system.Nigh impossible to swing a club at anything other than 100% or 50% consistently. (adjusting ball loft is easy and consistent which helps)The scout cam only shows where the ball would land if you hit the ball normally with 100% swing and default loft. This often makes it difficult to scout the green/green lines.No characters with unique stats. Characters are only cosmetically customizable.Commentator is super annoying after only a few hours of playing. (can turn him off in options)Game has a learning curve with the entire interface. (Especially course creation)Have to waste $10 on dlc to enjoy all the game has to offer.Can't adjust AI skill levels and they will most likely stomp you unless you get birdies every hole.No career mode or sense of accomplishment for doing good besides raising your handicap.
76561198054756204,Recommended,269730,28418563,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Echo127,"If you're interested enough to be reading these reviews, you'll like The Golf Club. The graphics are pleasant, but not particularly impressive.  The gameplay is more ""sim"" than ""arcade"" style (meaning you can't apply spin to the ball in mid-air). There's no RPG-style player progression or anything like that.  You just play courses and try to improve your handicap. But the game comes with a built-in course designer tool allowing anyone to create  their dream course. And there are *a lot* of very, very, very, *deep breath*, very, very, very good user-created courses out there.Then again, The Golf Club 2 is supposed to come out in 2017, so maybe just wait for that?"
76561198063803349,Recommended,269730,17054268,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Flynt Flossy,"CRASHES ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME during star-up. Once running it plas great, the trouble lies in getting there............"
,Recommended,269730,24733761,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sigwolf,"I have not enjoyed a computer golf game so much since I played early DOS versions of Links in the early '90's. Though I played that with a mouse, this game is much more enjoyable for me with a gamepad. I suspect many of the negative reviews about the feel of the game are from people not playing with a gamepad. The negative reviews that talk about the lack of ""leveling up"" and ""improving shots"" are really the greatest strength... you get better at this game by playing and practicing, just like real life. It does take practice, and you get better by playing and learning. Sooo much better than the EA golf games' ""upgrades"", and ""level-ups"".The only negative views I fully understand concern online play and the handicap system. That is truly broken and exploited. But that does not take away from the fact that this is just a fantastic golf sim, with essentially unlimited course options. I would love the option of real world courses and equipment, but even that does not take away from the fact that         this is a fun and relaxing golf game. The course designer is an awesome addition, and it is just fun to play solo, or with friends you know won't cheat the system. I took a chance the last time it was on sale, and liked it so much I went back and bought the collector's edition upgrade to further support the developer. Well worth the price, and I look forward to the next version."
76561198014961537,Recommended,269730,24957683,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Steven,"Equal parts infuriating and rewarding, probably the best golf game I've played since Links 2003.  I'd advise turning the commentator off though, his quips get old real quick."
76561197993298444,Recommended,269730,13492500,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,donoldduck,"We all know that putting is 40% of the game. I feel that the grid on the green is hard to guage the direction of the putt along with that glowing gold marker, it would be nice if The Gulf Club would improve the way to direct the golf ball to the cup. I also feel sometimes that the computer is in control of keeping your score at a certain level and not allowing for improvement,  and missed putts will surely do that.I love this game and all the different coarses along with Johns company I highly recommend this game to all the old duffers like me who live and breath golf. A Great Video Game the closes to the real thing,"
76561198064782017,Recommended,269730,13496507,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,4fit2n01,"a controller is a must here. other than that this game has a very small learning curve making it nice for a casual gamer. i have hank henleys golf as well.. i would say the golf club looks much better and is less buggy, however plays more like a arcade glof game... make no mistake the golf club is more realistic than tiger woods by far...."
,Recommended,269730,13511312,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Blue,A decent game of golf until EA sorts themselves out and give us a good Tiger Woods one for the PC!
,Recommended,269730,11324021,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ars.vamperon,"Even from the start of The Golf Club's early access campaign, the player had access to one of the best golf engines on PC since the Tiger Woods franchise stopped being developed for computers. The swing system demands a controller, and if you read the forums, you will see that people trying to use a mouse and keyboard are quite sore over the current implementation.However, with a controller (in my case, the XBox 360 controller for PC,) the swing system is incredibly intuitive and challenging! You never feel cheated off a bad swing, as the stick-based swing reads your pull back and push forward incredibly accurately, and if you fade or draw your shot, you know it was because you did not shoot a good shot! With an analogue stick controller, the swing system is the best, most challenging, but most rewarding golf simulation on PC right now.Note, as a design choice, the developers have already said that they will never develop a 3-click system or a similiar power meter. They feel that their swing system is incredibly important to keeping the simulation feel of the game, and they think that a power-meter system will cheapen the game. Please make note of this, and do not buy this game, if you are expecting a Hot Shots Golf or Mario Golf type system!Aethestically, the game is a bit lacking. The game does not have any real progression for your character - you can play rounds, tours, or other competitions of varying length and difficulty the moment you boot up the game. The challenge comes from the rounds that other players have finished, and you are competing against ghosts of their low scores. This can make the game feel a bit lonely, but they have slowly been adding more functionality in, such as the ability to play your friends live if you both play the same course, and you can even switch on a turn-based system to make it feel like the two (or three, or four) of you are alternating shots. The multiplayer feels a bit patched together and enough features are missing that it still feels a bit unprofessional, but ever since launch they have been fixing bugs and adding new content. Once full-stat tracking goes live, the game will become much more interesting as you challenge your friends in a variety of skills.The game includes a full course editor, and this is incredibly important, as the game ships with only a few courses developed by the dev team. However, playin custom made courses is an absolute breeze. You can view player-made courses just as easily as the developer made ones, and a 0.0-10.0 rating system allows you to mark your favorite courses, and see which tee's the Golf Club community think are top notch. Already there is a wonderfully recreated version of Augusta National, and I'm sure more PGA-tour courses are going to be developed by the community.This is very important as well, as this indie, small-studio game does not have the PGA tour license. There are no professional golfers at all in the game - it instead makes you feel like you are a club or amateur player getting their turns on a huge variety of courses set in a huge variety of difficulty levels. As you get better you can choose to play near impossible courses where the fairways are narrow strips of land between two lakes, or you can choose to hone your short-approach and pitching skills on a variety of par 3 courses.As more high quality replications of real life golf courses are added to the game, you will begin to see a product that more closely resembles the Tiger Woods games of the past. I read that this indie studio was originally contracted out to make the analog-swing stick system for previous Tiger Woods games, and their pedigree at making an incredibly well rounded golf engine shows. However, you can also see that they have very little experience creating the rest of the product. The UI is very minimal, the announcer volume is best turned to 0 after a round or two, and there is almost no flash or style in the presentation itself.Despite this, there are many other benefits than just the solid swing system. There is no loading time between holes once you load the entire course. Like real life, you can see the other holes around you when you're on the course, and as soon as the ball rolls into the pin, you are onto your next drive. They recently made shot adjustments more challenging - in early versions of the game, it would tell you exactly how many feet you were adding onto or off your shot by changing the angle of your shot higher or lower. Now, it only shows a percentage of your full shot power, making the system more challenging and realistic.In the future, I would love to see some official branding, such as official golf clubs, clothing, and other gear. However, I know it is an indie studio, and at the end of the day, they have made an incredibly well rounded golf SIMULATION that is absolutely terrific at doing what it advertises - letting you experience rounds of golf on a near-endless supply of courses. The developers have been constantly tweaking, refining, patching, and adding new content into the game since its early access launch, and despite a few early stumbles, the game seems to be well on its way to being the best golf simulation on PC.If you liked the Tiger Woods games, or if you think you would enjoy a golf game that challenges you to be perfect nearly every shot, like the game does in real life, this is a must-buy for you! Golf fans, please do not sleep on this purchase simply because it doesn't have the pomp that EA golf games have. As the community adds more high quality content and the developers further refine the game, this has the potential to be a long lasting success!As of July 19th, I rate this game an 8.1/10.0Go buy it; I need more friends to compete with!!!"
76561198054831738,Recommended,269730,18249347,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Fretshredder,Awesome gamplay and graphics ! I don't know what many are complaining anout in these reviews because this game plays great. I have always been a 3click golfer and I love the mouse controls on TGC. You just have to set up your mouse dpi and away you go. I have much more accurate shouts with this over 3click. I think this is the best golf game since Links back in the day. this game is a KEEPER .
76561197970962260,Recommended,269730,18549064,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,theloneginger,"Graphics are brilliant and it's very atmospheric (geese swimming on the water, rabbits running around, birds singing, etc)I use an Xbox 360 controller for windows and the swing with the right joystick feels good and I find it reasonably easy to control. The straighter you move the stick backwards and forwards, the straighter your shot. The putting takes a bit of getting used to, but after a while you get a feel for it, just like real golf.You can also enter tournaments which other players online play in and there is a season mode, which is a DLC which has various difficulties which you unlock by completing the one before.I'd really like them to have put in a driving range and putting green option for practicing, but other than that the game is brilliant."
76561198009761410,Recommended,269730,29307378,Posted: 16 January,all,Unzy,"Picked this up when on sale and it's probably the best golf game on PC currently.There is a learning curve, and i like that. Having to think about club choice taking into account all the variables like the lie, wind and other hazardsandhaving to manage the power of the stroke without a 'power bar' to aid you adds that extra level of skill which i love.The game looks pretty great as well, but there are some occasional visual glitches with the terrain. On my system i had to bring the tree count down a bit, but 60+fps is easy with a gtx 970. The physics seem pretty solid to me as well, although approach shots sometimes seem to roll forever.There are some improvements for issues which in reality boil down to just a lack of polish which i think should be rectified for The Golf Club 2 in 2017:UI - Not too bad visually but not the nicest to navigate intuitively. There should be more search options when selecting courses and a 'played' counter/ filter so you can find courses you've not yet played easily.Player progression - Only limited customisation of a few clothing items. I can understand the lack of player progression as that makes it more like TWPGA games, however i think adding this and more personalisation options such as clubs would add something extra to the single-player mode especially.Sync - When playing with a buddy online there are sometimes issues with what i'm seeing vs what my friend sees, eg. frequently you miss a putt by a tiny amount but it goes in on their screen).Course creator - Because of the UI, designing and building a course takes so long because the UI is a nightmare to navigate. Has potential though.No Windowed borderless mode - lack of is annoying as the windowed mode won't snap to your screen and defaults to taking up half of each screen on a 2 monitor setup, meaning you have to drag it, and tabbing out of game in fullscreen mode makes the game run at <5fps when you come back in.TLDR: Solid golf game, tough but fun and definitely worth buying in a sale. At this point you may as well wait until TGC2.7.5/10"
76561197985007263,Recommended,269730,25366174,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Maxwell,"Fun golf game. It's not perfect but it's the best thing on steam that I'm aware of.Positives:+Looks nice+Feels like golf+Fairly realistic shot adjustment+Adjustable swing difficulty+Good customizability overall (even works with track ball)Negatives:-Still no driving range? Been waiting on this since release. Closest thing is to go into course creator and constantly revert your shots after hitting them.-Wind seems very overpowering. An 8mph wind can blow your ball halfway across the green. A 15mph wind and expect to aim way off the side of the fairway to land mid. Maybe it's realistic (?) but it feels like too much.-Resource hog. Maxed out with a GTX 1080 it runs choppy.-Lastly, the biggest one IMO. The game NEEDS character stats. Every character being 100% identical makes for boring multiplayer. If I go before you and you watch exactly what I did, you can take that and tweak it for success because your character is an exact clone of mine.  Including other variables would reduce this and add a lot of variety to the game. Playing the finesse player or long drive player or even amateur player would add a lot of replay."
76561198013295103,Recommended,269730,10649135,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,StrawDog,Game in early Alpha still but shaping up quite nicely! New features added at regular intervals to enhance the game. If you are looking for the next good golf game this is heading in that direction :D
,Recommended,269730,10297717,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Oly,"Have you ever dreamt of what it's like to go outside? Does your mother keep moaning at you, telling you to go out and get some fresh air?  To feel the cool breeze on your skin.  The wind rushing through your hair as you cruise along in a golf buggy across an awe-inspiring vista.  Then look no further! The Golf Club offers all of this and more! (Except it doesn't offer you the chance to cruise along in a golf buggy..)  It is unfathomable how much you can immerse yourself in this game as if it were real life itself.  Download this game and feel your world become overwhelmed in the wonders of golf.  Crack open your window, put your headset on and lose yourself in the majestic prowess that is, The Golf Club."
76561198042191319,Recommended,269730,10543037,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Wickenshire,"Early access game that still needs some work but overall a solid and enjoyable golf game.  While its not a pure sim, it can be challenging.  The Dev team is one of the best I have seen as far as listening and interacting with its community.  If you are a golfer its worth a buy."
,Recommended,269730,10621127,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MrChrisTheFool,"A most enjoyable golf game.This game makes a break from the studio reproduced real life courses and allows the community to make their own courses with the easy to use course creator.Some of the created courses in the early access build have been amazing.Dificulty to suit all, I can shoot -10 on some courses and +10 on others!"
,Recommended,269730,11530188,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,kahlil,This will be a badass golf sim when complete. Get a game pad for best control. If you been looking for a golf sim then look no more. You will not regret it.....
76561198076023643,Recommended,269730,11564363,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Gerrie,"The game is good to play , my biggest problem is that the game loads very difficult  . I have to log in and out of the game afew times to get it to play ,which is frustrating . Is this a common problem . I would like to hear from you guys about this if possible ."
,Recommended,269730,11596745,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Go Full Harvey,"This game is gorgeous!!! The multiplayer is fairly decent for alpha, zero complaints.Very pretty, and the controls are not super easy like Tiger woods, if you're looking for that, then..... go play Tiger Woods.This is challenging as hell on the swings sometimes, (i am using a mouse and keyboard, so its a little less forgiving)"
76561198042752477,Recommended,269730,11851035,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,till-i-collapse,"playing for a few days now i love golf the games of it and playing it, i think that after a few days i can tell you whatyou need to know about this game as far as if its what your looking for. If your looking for your next tiger woods this is not for you if your looking for skills builder this is not for you if your looking for a game with a Professional mode this is not for you, none of your typical features are in this game, no spin or power boost other than getting better there are no attributes to work on no progression of any kind i can see, no charater creation aside from the colour of the cloths and skin, no club selection everyone plays with the same so if thats what you want you may just wanna wait for the next PGA or tiger from EA but if you want somthing to be like it is on the course and give you the ability to desing your own as unique as you can this is for you. i like this game very good for me but maybe not for you watch gameplay and reviews see for your self"
,Recommended,269730,10330295,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,pinballRM,"Pretty good.  The swing power sensitivity could use some more polish.  Other than that: great graphics, sounds, menu system, commentary, and putting."
76561198009960007,Recommended,269730,10480665,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Fodder123,Hi.Just a few words about this fine Game Golf Club.So far I have been inpresed by the amount of effort put into the production of this simulator. There seems to be a real fluid movement to the ball and movements of the annimated parts of the game. To date I havent found any other golfing game with such. Although this is the early version with more updates to come. I feel the Golf Club will retain a very high standard thoughout!There are no international coarses in this version so far but for the keen moders out there the Edit part of this programe allows for new coarses to be desighned very easely> So buy and get desighning !!I highly recomend this to all new or veteran Golfers!
76561198013493562,Recommended,269730,10933370,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Toby Keith,Extremely fun golf simulator (keep in mind you need a DX11 video card to run the game). So far I haven't found any bugs that have hindered my gameplay experience. A bit pricey but at the same time totally worth it.
,Recommended,269730,13488010,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TomC_Overshoe,"Very nice graphics. Everything runs smoothly. Nostalgic/realistic. My first round was 139, much like my real life game used to be. It was so realistic that at one point while I was screaming, I tried to break my mouse over my knee.Time to read the forums."
,Recommended,269730,14407336,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,3DGrunge,The best golf game on steam and probably the most realistic.  The games multiplayer may be a bit underwhelming however the ability create a course is outstanding.Make sure you have a joystick though as this game is horribly optimized visually and interactively.
76561197982753043,Recommended,269730,10869513,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ghost 635,If you are in to Golf then you will like this. It has an awfull lot of potential .
76561198109183870,Recommended,269730,11454894,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Vastdepth,"I'm playing the Early Access version of The Golf Club. What can i say? it plays a very good round of Golf!  Graphically there are obvious similarites to a certain game featuring The Tiger... but thats where it stops. ( same team see )This is more about a relaxing game of golf, than all those tiresome silly special moves etc.I also really  like the stand in commentator on this early access version!I believe its one of the developers doing the witty commentary. You should go with him but give him a script! in the finished version.The course content is phenomenal, due to everyone creating courses in the creator. Even if the licence was not available  or the actual real life  course is not in the game, theres always one been created by the community thats very similar.  Online multiplayer , ghosts and leaderboards are all there too. This is going to be such a great game.The early access version is excellent as it is! so i expect good things when its released everywhere soon. The consoles are getting this game as well. And they do say that all created courses are available to play, on whatever version of the game you own!  so if i made a course on the PC, a console owner could play on it too. Exciting stuff indeed!It reminds me of Tiger crossed with Links Golf.My chosen control method is an Xbox 360 pad by the way. Works very well!"
,Recommended,269730,21097929,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Vitality,"Vitality’s S&T ReviewsShort and Tasty… The Bits that matterShort StoryGet your score cards out because this is a HOLE-IN-ONE!OverviewThe Golf Club is a golf simulation video game developed by HB Studios on the Unity game engine. It is a golf sim, boasting a powerful Course Creator based on the procedural generation of courses. The Course Creator can generate a brand new course in seconds which can be shared and played immediately online with friends and other gamers.Vitality’s ThoughtsThese mixed reviews are SERIOUSLY insane! I was very hesitant on actually purchasing, But boy am I glad I did.I'm coming from Tiger Woods 08, And I seamlessly transferred into this modern take on the sport without any issues.People complain about the putting, but again I have no problem with it. Yes it takes getting used too, but come on this is a GOLF simulator, People realise how FRUSTRATING this game can be right ?There's a few negatives I do have with it though, When I play 4 player game modes and we create and edit the player names I would like the system to remember the names I've set for them and there outfits, So We don't have to customise them every few days we are going to be playing. Right now it just defaults them to (Name_1) not the name I've set for them.I also wish I could disable the ball following lines, and also speed up the ball when in mid flight.This game IS GOOD though, I don't think it's exactly worth the $40 price tag, and the way they sell stuff can be a little dodgy, as the season mode is a paid DLC but they're minor, If you can get the game for under $30 it's well worth it.Pros:Amazing Graphics, Wildlife, And PlantsGreat Simulation of a frustrating sportCourse creation is amazing, You'll never get bored playing the same 10 coursesThe Commentator isn't generic and annoying like most gamesWon't cost you $50 for a pack of real balls to lose in the creekCons:Player Customisation is limiting4 Player mode should save custom playersSome HUD options for lines etc would be nicePricing is a little dumb founding. (I believe in DLC, But for Season mode?)ConclusionGreat golf simulator, Probably the best on the market right now, I would highly recommend the game to any avid golfer or anyone who wants to play a golf sim, Don't look at the game though if you're after an arcade Tiger woods though. I'd also recommend the game be purchased under $30, But if you've got the money you won't be  disappointed.79/100"
76561198112037188,Recommended,269730,17099125,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,bob,"Look at my hours played, well over 1000, so I can't possibly give this game a bad review. I love the game, but it's simplistic, basic, and lacks almost every option you can imagine. I am a casual video golfer, I want to hit most fairways, hit most of the greens and score better than par. It is pretty easy to do that in this game.Read the reviews and System Requirements, this game renders the whole course at once, so no load times between holes, but you need a beefy pc to play it the way it was intended and you MUST have version 11 of Direct XPros/cons depending on how you look at it:There are basically no options in this game, I don't really ever see many options in its future, it is just a simple golfgame where you can relax and play a round of golf like an average joe on the weekend.Everyone uses the same clubs, you can only drive the ball about 270 yards without wind, but you will get wind as they won't give you the option to play without it.The game currently has over 70 thousand user courses, but not easy searching for the ones you will enjoy playing.The Greg Norman Course Creator is an awesome addition as I enjoy playing a different course every time I play, this is a good thing as very few courses warrant a second play.No lobby for multiplayer, but you can play a friends ghost ball or play a live friend with almost real time results.Putter - Putting feels greatWoods - driving is brainless, you can do it while argueing with the wife, if you can move the control stick backward and then forward you will be a star.Irons - I like themChipping and Flops is probably way too easy for most hard core golf gamers.Rating:Gameplay - 7/10Graphics - 7/10Fun - 8/10Golf Options to make this a great game. 2/10Manual or ingame tutorial - None - 0/10Optimized - Game runs on the Unity Engine, either the engine is weak or a bad choice to render whole course at once or their coders can't optimize it as they seem to dummy stuff down with each new addition, like the engine can't handle anymore or the code is running amok. 3/10I guess this game is a buyer's beware game, you'll either love it or it will run like a 2 legged dog.I really enjoy this game. Yes, I think it could be better with some freakin' Options, but that ain't gonna happen.My overall rating would be 6.5, but I really enjoy this game and I have to play on medium with a Windows7 Home Premium, service pack 1, AMD FX 8120 Eight core processor, 3.10 Ghz, 8Gb Ram, 64bit OS, Nvidia Geforce GTX 560 2 GB card.OK. Now go buy this game, but don't come running to me if it doesn't run on your PC. I am a glass half-empty type person so your mileage may vary."
76561197998862190,Recommended,269730,17096968,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,donelza,"Having bought ;|The Golf Game'  in February I can only say it's a damn good sim. I played all the TWG and Links many years but this is so far ahead in it's vision, commitment to the community, the constant updating(they listen if it's not working) means I shall be playing this golf game to the excusion of any others.I love the 'no gimmicks' as to setting strengths ets Your own skill is trhe only criteria by which you win or lose.Then the Creation Kit is beyond dreaming. Where else can you design and potter about with a course you've designed  until it's going to meet the standards  other designers test to. Now there are thousands of courses to choose to play . Easy, Medium and Hard."
76561197981650082,Recommended,269730,19770481,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,=TKZ=SpawnTarget,"The Golf Club takes at least a few rounds to get the adjustments just right for your own PC and controls, as do most games.Use the course creator to make your own driving range with a green or 2 to shoot at and replay shots, this gives players a chance to try fade and hook ect and get used to how much roll or backspin there might be with different clubs.Practicing helps a lot, try different shot types around the green and this will help to bail you out of trouble when playing a full round. As in real golf putting is very important, so practice that a lot and check out the videos at HB`s website or Youtube on how to practice and many other tutorialshttps://youtu.be/KUQe-_6_-0QOnce you get in the groove of this game it becomes a lot of fun and a very good golf game, that is still challenging after over 500 hours, many other golf games , I could play almost on remote control , half asleep and still do just as well as the last time, not so in this game."
,Recommended,269730,17233758,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,mrkuo,"Bought this game for 40% off during the July 2015 sale at $18. After 60+ hours in this game over the last week, I think I would have easily paid full price for this well made golf sim. If the thought of having to purchase hats and gloves to increase your playing ability irritates you, then The Golf Club is for you. Best golf sim I've ever played.Be sure to visittgctours.com. Better than any career mode I've played in a golf sim before."
76561198002430788,Recommended,269730,17303624,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Radex,"I can only suggest that many of the negative reviews were from the initial / early access release of the game. Having just recently purchased the game after numerous and regularly released updates over recent months, I have nothing but positive things to say.The game is a challenge in all the right ways, looks good, has a truely excellent course designer. Developer appears to be quite active and invovled in continuing the development. Once you get your head around putting (which doesn't take long) you will start scoring well.Like many, I didn't realise how spoon-fed and ripped off I was by years of Tiger Woods / EA.Buy this game, you won't regret it."
76561198021882939,Recommended,269730,19680315,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Razz,"Review update8/10Golf Game (so far) :Great golf game, very nice graphics, very goods sounds in general, cools mechanics. Cool to have the ability to shape some shots like with spin or hook etc. Like the fact too that you get more penalty when miss thoses shots. Very nice that you can play lefty, i'm righty so i dont care personnaly, but finally ... a golf game with a lefty !! Not too sure about all the tournaments and tour stuff so far, and we badly miss some more entertainment when we play online. It will be nice to have possibiliy to add crowd on the field (like in the old Links LS games).Great Course Designer !  I must go back to work on my baby by the way... need and update ;-)Go on , good game so far !"
,Recommended,269730,23983905,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,"I've had this on my wishlist for sometime now. Finally picked it up in the steam sale and i can say that its well worth it even at full price. If you are a fan of PGA golf and the likes then i would advise grabbing a copy while it's on offer. Courses look great, very user friendly interface and great fun to play. Online modes, tournaments and also tournaments that you can start yourself plus a course builder mean almost unlimited play value. I'm no Tiger Woods..... But i'll get there eventually.9\10"
76561198136660292,Recommended,269730,17166901,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,RowanSteale,Thorougly enjoying this game. Got a little frustrated at first for PC player.  Posted an inquiry and soon had every question answered and now I'm just having fun. I highly recommend this game...
76561198058300124,Recommended,269730,9908639,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Maverick,"First impression had my GPU running pretty hard. 670gtx, 75 celcius, 38 fps. It'll get better but it is.... Unity... apparently. I was on the high settings so no real drama this early on.But the golf. Ahhh... The golf.Links 386. This is how far I go back in this genre so I can pretty well say I've been there, done that. Tried them all, even down to the Wii with my kids. Those bulbous heads and stupid haircuts really made me laugh. Really. This is *golf* and you look like an idiot!!Oops... Sorry. I digress.There's something very, very different about this golf sim. You need to actually plan and play your shots PROPERLY. Got that? PROPERLY.There's no little swing indicators and clicky bits. There's no arbitrary line to STOP for ""maximum power"". This sim does require a finesse of stroke and practise regime like nothing I've ever seen. It's nice.If you're a must.have.line.to.click player this may not be for you. You've been warned.But... but.... this is easy to grasp. Intuitive even.  (although much harder to master if you want that tricky fade around those trees on the 17th).The visuals in this are nice and no doubt the GPU issues will chill a little as optimisations go in.  It is early access at time of writing so I'm not going to scream agghhhhhh with my extra power costs just yet.The commentary is sublime despite an obvious repetiveness if you play badly for prolonged periods. It's sardonic, 19th hole humour if ever. ""John"" has obviously played many a round with many a weekend hack... and it shows. Some may be put off by it. It's down to how you perceive it.I like this game but I suspect it will wear thin quickly. The scores are just arbitrary numbers and the stroke play, while intuitive is well... quite wrong. This is not 8-ball and yet I push vertical while I look at the green. I'm hoping some changes in the future might address this.Worth waiting until final release if you're squeamish spending. A must for golfers with scorecard phobia out on the real course.I'm sure casual golfers will find it pretty easy too - after a few rounds. It's not rocket science. Not on a computer anyway.8.5/10 - gg"
,Recommended,269730,12027163,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,PyroTech03,"Like taking Madden from the ESPN presentation and putting it on PBS, there is very little presentation.  The few amount of golfers and clothing customization and no different brands of clubs to speak and a narrator that sounds like it's the Mystery Science Theatere of golf.  So don't  come in looking for a great looking or presentation game....If however, you want good golf physics with an amazing golf course creator/editor and procedurally generated courses therefore making limitless possibilities for holes....then this is the right place."
76561198090308583,Recommended,269730,9903790,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,HomeGrown,"AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME!!!!!"
,Recommended,269730,10504365,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Trust The Lies,"This is agreeably the best Golfing game there could ever be. This game truly brings a sense of realism like no other golfing game ever has. This is the only true Golf Simulator in the world; and quite possibly one of the most visually stunning simulators of nature available.This simulator truly deserves credit for how stunning, intuitive and downright perfect the controls for not only KB/Mouse but Controllers as well. Hopefully the graphics can be pushed even farther in the future, as the quality of them right now is just purely perfect (other than the obvious early access visual bugs).So my rating, 10/10. Absolutely perfect in what is offered.I'm sure with what's planned in the future, it will become much much more worth it."
76561198039584148,Recommended,269730,12021287,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,rgerdus,Can i get my money back? It looks decent in the reviews i shoulda just bought a tiger woods game.... :( I'm sad.
76561198018449615,Recommended,269730,14083595,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Bucksnot,"Great Golf Game.............with lots of little bugs. But if you like golf, it's worth the money."
,Recommended,269730,14106545,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tarek,I bought this hoping it would bite.It is looking good but still with some work to do.Par.
76561198126720146,Recommended,269730,10317402,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,clayg17,i do recommend this game so much better than tiger woods golf
76561198053209865,Recommended,269730,15455285,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,wjack91131,3 click
76561198081765483,Recommended,269730,19835139,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,3rddegreeginger,"I currently have purchased this game 3 different times for myself. The first time was on Xbox One. Loved it so much I had to purchase it for my Playstation 4. Played the game countless times. As I've continued gaming on the PC I purchased it through steam and still continue to play this game. If I had to buy it again I would without question. This isn't some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unrealistic game like the tiger woods franchise. This is as simulated as it gets to real golf and I love it. If you want to control the golf ball in mid air, don't buy this game. If you want the feel of the real thing, spend the little money and enjoy."
,Recommended,269730,9953847,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Imperfect PeKans,Such a good graphic game for the price that it is. Plus it has amazing graphics. Can't wait to see what is to come for this wonderful Golf game.
,Recommended,269730,13742833,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SAVi,"If you have the rig to play this game, give it a shot. Don't put any stock into the negative reviews they most likely just don't have the PC to play this game. Great community and Doyley and Co. have created an amazing Tour structure for us to play in 2015."
76561197998488337,Recommended,269730,11962019,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,LongShot,"This game is not worth the money. I bought it in early access for 29.99. And I even regret that. I tried it again once it reached official release, and still couldnt stand to play it for more than 15 minutes. Tiger Woods 08 might not have the eye candy that this has, but the mechanics and controls are 100X better in TW08. This one hardly lets you have any control or finesse over your shots, you just pull it back to 100% and let it go in most cases. Not to mention, when you play multiplayer your actually playing against a ghost round that someone has already completed. This is $9.99 game, and nothing more."
,Recommended,269730,12407812,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Butters,"Fun as hell. The game dynamic is a bit different from that of Tiger Woods or Hot Shots Golf, but in a good way. TGC instead focuses more on the amount of beautiful and challenging courses you can play instead of building a character that can drive 400 yards or sink 30ft putts with ease. I also LOVE that I can play turn based multiplayer on my PC on one controller. Well done."
,Recommended,269730,15362694,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Broder Tuck,Thumbs up!
,Recommended,269730,12136376,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,tomegathericon,The last decent golf game that I had played on the PC was Tiger Woods 08. There was Tiger Woods Masters 12 in between but honestly it was not up to the mark.The Golf Club is a cool game and is visually amazing. The best thing about the game is that everybody is at the same level from the very start. There's no progression.Success depends entirely on your Golf IQ and your talent with the Joystick/Keyboard/Mouse.With over 27000 courses to play in and more coming daily one can only comprehend the umpteen possibilities that lie ahead.Great Game!!!Kudos
,Recommended,269730,12315855,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Tallrat,WOW what a golf game.If you miss the old Links games then give this one a try.I have only played one round so far but I all realdy love this game now it is time to add more course.
,Recommended,269730,9895776,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Dirtyboo,"Pretty good game that is ""on par"" with other top golf games. Solid controls and very easy to use map editor. Would like to see more customization options and Workshop support."
76561198093601128,Recommended,269730,14568058,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Horne Lord,Great golf game. WHERE IS THE MULTIPLAYER FELLAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197966910965,Recommended,269730,9865977,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Virosa,"Takes a good computer to run this golf... I have a Titan and good memory (dominator) and there is a slight lag at the beginning of the swing just as if the mouse need to move back a little before starting, so I feel kind of lag. We should have the option of playing one after the other instead of all at the same time when multiplayer with friends; We should be able to drop the ball when bad lie or water hazard as in rules of golf. We should be able to play horizontal or vertical for driving... But I understand it is fresh new and the developper did a really nice job; I use to play links 2003 and tw 08 and tiger woods online (the one I drop because we all could drive over 300 yards easy, not real enough even with difficulty at max). Anyway me and some of my friends are ready to support it and we hope that the game will upgrade with our demands."
76561197971906139,Recommended,269730,13526064,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ThepKinGX,Best GOLF Game
76561197989934459,Recommended,269730,10084107,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Gon Freecs[QC],"This golf game has potential, but right now, multiplayer only consists of ""Ghost Balls"". As a golf game needs solid multiplayer to be fun long-term, you probably should wait until actual multiplayer is implemented.Edit : The game has been patched to introduce turn-based multiplayer now, and the possibility of removing Ghost Balls. This game is getting a bit more interesting!"
,Recommended,269730,14021502,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Slugg,Looking good.*Splash*
76561197969837954,Recommended,269730,12174123,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sabaud,"Overall a good and challenging game, but there are a few glaring issues i feel need to be addressed.First in my mind is courses with trees.  Golf is an ourdoor game, and trees make for great challenges and good looking courses, but the game's AI tends to place them extremely poorly..... Such as in the middle of the fairway, immediately in front of the tee block, and most hilariously on the greens.Next up would be the coding for Fairway/Rough/Deep Rough/OMG WHY.  The colors of the terrain are a good indicator, but the game doesn't exactly follow them.... For instance i landed in the deep rough, bad me... Wait.... It thinks i'm hitting out of water?..... 58-68%, alright, i'll compensate..... swing... and 10 yards.Finally (and MOST aggrevating), putting.  The putting mechanics seem to scale your put based on distance, and from long range you have two options, 15feet short or 20 feet long.... But as you get closer the opposite happens.  I don't know how many 1 foor puts i've missed, sometimes three in a row.... Simply because the game thinks one foot away you still need almost a half swing.... Which in any other situation on the green will leave you 16 feet past.I've yet to determine what the difficulty on couses really means (i'm assuming tighter swing control since the red band view following shots is more narrow on difficult courses).All in all a promising game, i hope it makes it to production and final distribution.... Though if you're looking to score -13 on every round, this game will be extremely frustrating.  As for the putting mechanics........ Just eagle it from 150yards out and save yourself the headache."
,Recommended,269730,10148636,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,sidmarshall,A good start. There are a few rough edges and control is tricky. If future upgrades are well developed could be an excellent golf game to take over where EA's Tiger Wood franchise finished up.
76561197971079985,Recommended,269730,11299131,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kruztee,"If you're a golf nut, this is the game for you.It plays more like a round of golf on the weekend with some mates than anything else. The distinct and intended lack of gauges and meters makes the player more dependent on feel and instinct rather than calculated distances and angles. It's really well done. The proceedural course generation is reasonable, but there are a ton of high quality user made courses already online for unlimited play.The only drawbacks for me at the moment are mainly confined to the UI. Lack of sorting options for players and courses, unacceptably long delays in ratings and scores going live, and some optimisation issues for PC.Highly recommended.8/10"
76561198003381569,Recommended,269730,11787072,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,valefor_sdad,"Get this, if you have a ""pretty strong"" PC, not for weak/low end rigs wiithout dialing way back on the graphics.They fixed to too fast greens (finally!).The Course designer is almost a game unto itself.They have made a completely paletable Golf Game.Well worth the PC price."
76561197993735519,Not Recommended,269730,11784215,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,=FF=KonaDawg,Do not Purchase this game. It is a console port and is worst golf game i have ever played. They cant even map the club to the mouse. Pull back on mouse a second later the club moves.Be warned DO NOT PURCHASE!!!! Save your money for Perfect Parallel. when that game comes out this will be a thing of the past. They stole our PC money in early access to fund there console version and say they will patch the PC at a later time. What a Joke.
,Recommended,269730,9889540,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,NeGus,"For the first release of this game this is amazing. Many have been waiting for a new golf game for PC and the wait is over.GRAPHICSGraphics are good, but the early release lacks advanced graphics settings so the quality is limited at the moment. With a bit of anti aliasing it would look great. Not sure if its just me but the sky and trees often 'flicker' during animations and transitions but small things like that are to be expected during early access and its by no means gamebreaking. Trees are reasonably good - a bit more variety would be good but they look nice.EDIT: Flickering seems to be gone.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is heaps of fun, but I think it might get boring quickly as it's a little too easy. This release lacks difficulty settings and the current difficulty can be mastered in minutes. I'm not sure about the putting - judging power is very hard as there's almost no indication of the required power, it's just guesswork. But in saying that I feel that the difficult putting helps to make the game a bit more challenging. I have only used a controller which makes short work of hitting the ball. I feel that there needs to be something else in the swing mechanics - timing maybe. It's just a bit too easy to hit a perfect shot nearly every time. The physics is excellent - the ball spins as you would expect and interacts well with different surfaces.COURSE CREATORI have spent 3-4 hours in the course creator and so far it's great. I don't think there is an option to start blank (without generated holes) which would be great. It lags a little every time you make a change to the course which gets annoying - especially when adding trees. The edge of farways can sometimes get a little funky for no reason but it can be fixed with a bit of playing around. Other than that it's great. I've had a lot of fun playing peoples creations and there's heaps of variety in the user-created courses.SUGGESTIONSOne thing really lacking at the moment is customization and I'm sure it's coming in the future. You can currently choose between a few golfers and change the colour of your clothes which is fine for now. Hopefully there will be a store of some kind where I can purchase clubs, balls, clothing, etc. with money I've earned playing tours. Using the Imperial system is killing me - I can't find a setting to change to metric (tell me if there is one) which makes it hard for me to replicate local courses in the creator. I'd like to see an XP system implemented to increase your ability as you level up/gain XP.Overall, The Golf Club is an excellent golf game and it's only going to get better as new updates are released. Thank you for filling hole that was left after Tiger Woods Online shut down."
76561198053663591,Recommended,269730,12427735,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,StoneComet,"A very refreshing and different spin on the golf vidoe game genre. Bit of a graphics hog but Hb Studios is still hevily invested in the community and keeps tweaking, updating and optimizing this wonderful golf game. If you like the feel of a weekend golfer type game without all the commercialism and unrealistic buffs and boosts then this is your game. Plus it comes with a nice course creator for those that enjoy spending their time making player created content.The swing mechanic is done very well (sorry no 3 click here) as it was heavily worked on and tested during Aplha, Beta and Early Release. It' probably the best thing I enjoy about the game. It requires some time investment to get used to it but that is what makes it great. You'll find plenty of rewarding moments when you pull of some fantastic putts and shots.HB Studios has done some interesting and different takes on multiplayer and the social aspect of the game but that is what makes it refreshing and fun. You'll find some negative feedback but kudos to HB Studios for not trying to please everyone and sticking to their fundamental precepts about the game. If you do decide to buy take the time to read through the forums and give them some constructive feedback as to how they may improve the game. While you might not get what you wish for you will at least be heard and considered. I can't thank them enough as I and many others have been waiting for decades for a golfing game like this.Thanks again HB Studios!"
76561198227881336,Recommended,269730,23798988,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,johnnyhs77,I have played golf games from links to shotonline and golfstar.This game is right up there with the best golf games. No rpg elements but solid golf right out of the gate with 275yd drives and playable courses.Get it why its on sale its a steal if you love golf and your computer will play it.
76561198021750809,Recommended,269730,23804411,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jkite51,"I had been looking for a good PC golf simulation but they seem to have gone the way of the Macarena.  I thought the graphics were more than decent but then again I started with Mean 18 on the Atari ST in 1985.The interface is easy to learn and getting through the first two rounds was enough to get the basic play down. Driving is easy. Putting is not. The game was immersive enough to consume an entire afternoon at first sitting which leaves me to explain why nothing got done when so much needed doing....The only issue that I've had has been that the game occaisionally froze but this may be a function of my GPU driver. I had not read that this was a common issue. The good news was that the game saved  itself and could be continued.The Golf Club was what I was looking for and it exceeded my expectations particularly given the $10 price point which included added content.  There are many features that I have not looked at. There are different courses to play and the game can be played at different skill levels.I found that Total Golf was  a fine way to return to the realm of digital golf.6/26/16  The issue that I had with the game freezing can be solved by presing ALT+Enter at the same time as the game loads. This will take the game out of Windows mode and solve the  driver problem.After playing another couple of rounds, I really don't understand the mixed reviews."
76561197963508725,Recommended,269730,24117780,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Young Fledge,"Outstanding. Best golf game ever made by a mile. I have zero artistic ability so it is hard for me to use the course designer (wish I had the skill to make my home club). I admire the developers teaming up with third parties like TGC Tours, makes the game have some huge longevity. Can't wait for Golf Club 2!"
76561198298787283,Recommended,269730,28730326,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,An Actual Pie Chart,"The Golf Club is a game I have played extensively (over 300 hours) and I still enjoy. The course creator is amazing; it is an unprecedented (unpresidented if your name is Donald Trump) tool which allows players to create almost any type of course they please. The gameplay is smooth and there is minimal loading times. The game feels more like a casual stroll on the golf course than playing in a tournament, though there is a season mode where players can compete in offline events. There are also online tournaments and tours for players to compete in. Personally, I play in the PGA division of theTGCTOURS.COMtour which hosts tournaments every week. These tournaments follow the real life PGA schedule. Overall, if you are looking for a great game to spend your money on, you've come to the right place. I will be purchasing the sequel for this game when it is released."
,Recommended,269730,13481195,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,cluboris,"I don't play golf in real life, but love golf games, go figure. I have been playing this since early access and loving it. Great graphics, an intuitive putting system, and a real challenge. The latest patch has really optimized the game for PC and although I thought I would care less, I am digging the new handicap system. The course designer brings an unlimited number of courses to play on, and although it can be hard to sort through them all, there are plenty of web resources out there to help you do that.My only slight criticisms would be chipping needs some refinement, and it would be cool if during tournaments wind was consistent for everyone.If you like golf on the PC and games that are easy to learn but hard to master, do not hesitate to pick this one up."
,Recommended,269730,9906179,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,wildbill1,"Really fun stuff and depth will only be added as this game is pushed forward in the development process. No load times between holes and slick, fluid gameplay (with an Xbox controller albeit) are trademarks of this next generation golf simulator. There is a great course creation system and the community is constantly crafting new and challenging sets of 18 holes."
,Recommended,269730,10573472,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nobbzii,
,Recommended,269730,13481084,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,RickyFish,"Terrific golf game, probably the best on pc. Terrific course creator, no loading between holes, and recent performance updates really have things running smoothly. It can be unforgiving, but never unfair. New handicap system is really cool too. Highly recommend for a good golf game to kick back."
76561198022256940,Recommended,269730,13482697,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DJK,I believe this is the most realistic golf game to date. Just be patient and learn the proper swing mechanics. You will definitely enjoy.
76561198350479182,Recommended,269730,33709065,Posted: 21 July,all,miska7,"Very good game. You really need to put some time in with it before you can really get the hang of it. The short game is very difficult especially from around 20 yards. The putting can be frustrating because there is a huge difference between the green speeds. Fast is extremely fast and med-slow is like putting through honey. The fringe is like glue that grabs the ball and really slows it down, which can make chipping hard. The swing mechanics are good once you get used to them, but making a partial swing is very hard unless chipping. With the add on pack there is roughly 200 good courses you can play (some are very tough with narrow fairways) and you can add courses you like to your favourite course list. The game really pushes your hardware so be ready to lower some settings unless you have a very strong GPU/CPU. Probably the best computer golf game since Links 2003. I would rate it 8/10."
,Recommended,269730,23547273,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Abbazaba35,"It's a fun golf simulator.You won't get to power up your shot with an L2 button, or control spin after it's been shot.  You definitely cannot buy upgrades that make your drive go farther and you most certainly do not get the opportunity to be sponsored by big name golf brands or play really famous courses like St. Andrews, Pebble Beach, or TPC Sawgrass.But it's a really fun golf simulator.The course creation kit is fun.  There is a career=ish mode.  There is a ton of fun to be had with the game and I encourage anyone that wants a really soliid golf game for the PC to check this out."
,Recommended,269730,28504840,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,My Summer Spider,"Like this more than I ever liked the Tiger Woods games,before that it was Pga tour on sega megadrive."
76561197977514343,Recommended,269730,30437271,Posted: 10 March,all,[69] Dangleberry,I have now been payig this game for a few months and have encouraged others to buy. We love it.. we do however wanna point out that a driving range and putting green feature would assist new players before being sent out with handicaps that are not realiseistc. Please add this to the new game.
76561197978423729,Recommended,269730,29264214,Posted: 14 January,all,Floyd ^A^,Didn't like this game much when I first got it but it has improved a lot.Looking forward to playing more now that I remembered I have it.
,Recommended,269730,11015791,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ImTheNumber12,"Perspective on The Golf ClubThis is just an opinion from a complete casual to sports games let alone golf.Anyways, In it's current form, The Golf Club manages to still have a remarkable level of charm. It's menus and UI are ultra clean and the hole to hole commentary is my absolute favorite. It feels extremely relaxing while still satisfying. As far as the way other players and AI ghosts are implemented, I thought it was well done. The real time trails keep games moving at a quicker pace, and have enough visual cues to have me interested in the competition's play as much as my own. Those were the stand out positives for me.Everything the game lacks feels like that's because the project is a work in progess. The characters lack any sort of gear customization outside of clothing, gloves, and shoes. I found it difficult on occasion to drive the ball as far as other players and for a novice player, I felt I was lacking neccessary instruction on how I could improve my shot distance and accuracy. I felt that I either hit the ball with too low a shot power percentage or at exactly 100%, even if that's not what I wanted. Maybe if I can't pick up on the visual measurement for shot power a meter could be implemented like in other golf games. The game also did not show a guess as to where the ball could land, but just an idea of where I was aiming. In conjunction with the scout camera, I actually liked the lack of extra graphics on the grass, but at the same time, some of my shots suffered due to a poor understanding of where I had really aimed the ball. The game lacked the female golfer model, facial customization, and the games graphics, while suitable, need a lot of work done in regards to vegetation, trees, and their shadowing.All in all though, I felt that my purchase has already been justified if it helps the developers reach the next patch/update. I am excited in the future of this title, because with the lack of a new Tiger Woods game, a lot is riding on this game to fill a gap for me."
76561198017904909,Recommended,269730,12235606,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Tomber,#1  This game has NO career mode to upgrade you golfer over time.  It would be nice to be able level your golfer and/or buy new clubs or something.  Theres nothing to earn over time.#2 It really taxes pc video cards.  The graphic options with stream-lining and  optimizations need to happen soon.  I have a GTX 560 and this game with full fans is still running over 75c.  BF4 doesn't even do that.#3 It looks good.
,Recommended,269730,12267868,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Crusted Mittens,"If you enjoy golf and want a true simulation of the experience, get this game for sure. It is highly addictive."
,Recommended,269730,13059439,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Fitzflashguy,"When I first bought the game it suffered from major graphical glitches which impeded my ability to play on anything but the lowest settings, but it's seems they've updated it and I haven't had any problems since.As far as the game goes, the courses people make online are amazing and at good graphics settings, the game is absolutely breathtaking.  There are infinite courses to play, making sure that you've always got something to keep ya coming back.  I haven't tried out the course designer extensively but it seems powerful and simple to use, making it possible to make any course you could imagine.It's great fun playing with an Xbox 360 controller and local multiplayer is wonderful, I love having 1-3 friends over, passing the controller around and talking smack to each other.As far as realistic golf simulation, what more can you expect from a computer game? It does a really good job of forcing you to consider elevation, terrain, wind, and other variables that can have a serious impact on your swing.  It's much more difficult than the Tiger Woods series and the golfing feels much more realistic.As far a fun golf sim to play with your friends, this game hits the nail on the head. Buy it, have some friends over, pass around a few beers and the controller and have some fun on the links!"
,Recommended,269730,17139039,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Capsule Gang,"This game is fantastic.  The core mechanics are excellent and it's refreshing to have a golf game that doesn't hold your hand.  I'd love to see the single player mode expand and develop further with more unlockable character and clothing options.  Also, Steam Cloud support is very much needed so I can play across my various devices."
76561197973376076,Recommended,269730,17268597,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,tcoursey,"Bought this game on XBox 1 and began to enjoy it quite a bit.  Purchased it on Steam so I can play on PC too.  The graphics are very good, game play is great.  The one major benefit to this game is the Course Designer.  You will never have to play the same course over and over, there are tremendously talented course designers that design great courses and publish for the community.  Outstanding!One last thing...the developers of the game have a weekly live chat for their users and really listen to them.  You can ask about future development or comment on something and you may just see it in an update a few weeks later!  Get involved."
,Recommended,269730,24645233,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,JOUST,LOVE IT
76561197976553572,Recommended,269730,23958522,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Alabama Man,"I really enjoy the. It looks nice, it has a relexing sound to it and the interface and the menu is just great. The swinging works fine and you get into the game pretty easy. Overall i think its a great game with hopefully more to come.There are a few points that you could work on. The Putting. I don't know if it's just me, but it doesn't feel right. Sometimes it is way to slow although you load it up real fast and then again sometimes it is to powerful. Maybe i just have to practce more, since i haven't played it that much, but i feel it should be as easy to get into it as the rest of the game mechanics. Also i think it would be nice if you could buy new Equipment, clubs, balls, etc.But as i said before, I really like the game and recommend it to you if you are looking for a nice golfing game."
76561198022311541,Recommended,269730,23915054,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BulletSponge,"Decided I spend too much time shooting stuff on games.Bought Golf Club to relieve stress and enjoy virtual nature.Played several rounds, shot 11 on a par 4,got as mad as I get during real, actual golfdownloaded Doom to shoot something11/10 would authentic golf rage again"
76561197988749956,Recommended,269730,23428573,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ultrazen,"Changed this review to positive after fidgeting around with a few things and changing some settings.  TLDR:  The best feel of any golf game ever made.  Not without it's problems, but well worth the money.I used to be a scratch golfer in real life, and my persuit of a great feeling computer golf game has been ongoing since the Links series.  This game has surpassed that, and that's pretty high praise.Pros:1.  Looks decent2.  Ball physics are pretty good3.  Putting and chipping has actual feel, and only feel.  There are no real meters or presets to use.  This is probably the single best thing about the game.Cons:1.  Sluggish.  Feels like it's constanty grinding your computer into the dust, even at lower setting.  Feels poorly optimized.  Still investigating various driver and settings options.  Shadows seem to be some of the biggest problems.2.  Some resolution/display bugs, still tracking some of these down.3.  The menu system.....at first I thought things were just in a menu I couldn't find, turns out that it's just that the feature isn't there lol.  It's very feature light.  No mulligans (easiest way to practice)...I get why they did this, but I think in solo play mode it should be implemented.  Practice in general would be nice.  I know you can go make your own, but a driving range, chipping, and putting would really be a nice addition.4.  My settings issue was actually fixed by a reload so...might have been something that failed to load.  I was intitially having problems with changing density of assets.I'm actually changing this reveiw to a recommended.  The ""feel"" of actually playing golf in this game, is just hands down the best there has ever been.  Even though it's incredibly feature sparse, the core golf mechanics are as close as you are going to get to real life.  Worth the purchase price on that merit alone.This game is a bit frustrating, but I have high hopes for the future.  If the options /modes can be fleshed out a bit, this will certainly go on to be the best golf game produced.  As it stands now, it plays the best of anything.  Nothing has ever captured the feel of putting and chipping like this game does.  You really do develop a sense of what to do just by looking at the course, and not by looking at numbers, that's a major accomplishment."
76561197986778748,Recommended,269730,14982455,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,|AP|AngryIRSAgent,this game is legit. wish there were distances/help for putting like tiger. but overall great.
76561198008617534,Recommended,269730,15198675,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TNV,Great game!
76561197975584113,Recommended,269730,18196704,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,nadwidny,I like this game a lot. I was so-so at first but the more I play the beter I like. It can be frustrating to learn but that  makes it more like real golf. My only criticism is that some times the people that design the courses make the greens too much like mini-golf. However it is fun to try them all.
,Recommended,269730,20780996,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Cyberg War,"Great game that has come a long way. No 3 click silliness. It uses a true motion swing on the mouse or controller. I personally use a xbox 360 controller for the game and have no problems. Well,...sort of... the game has a steep learning curve and takes a lot of practice to get good at. Just like real golf. That makes it constantly replayable and with endless courses with new ones coming all the time, you really get your money's worth. You can design your own course and be playing it within minutes. Lacks a pro shop, so there nothing to upgrade or buy but the game is all about skill anyways."
,Recommended,269730,24626656,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cletus,This is probably one of the best golf games made. Such a good waste of time.
76561198089159129,Recommended,269730,23803219,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shotgun,have been waiting to get this on recomendation by my son it is a crisp no nonsense golf game it plays really well no silly ideasit has a course designer that i havent used yet because i just want to play one more round putting will possibly anoy you at first but it works and youll get the hang of itsome times ive saved a good shot its not played the same shot ?? well thats just a little thing at the momentthis is in sale i recomend buying it its a good chill out game  9/10 get in the hole !
76561198030899695,Recommended,269730,14695583,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FreshBaked,"I don't know why this game is getting mixed reviews as, personally, I think that it's one of the best golf games I've played on PC. Glad I didn't listen to the haters. 10/10."
,Recommended,269730,18889175,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,oyci3c,Sure it's not perfect but it is by far the best golf game ever created.
,Not Recommended,269730,11192988,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,m3ryno,"Update 10/5/14:  Verdict - I'm putting up the clubs until things are fixed.I've put a ton of hours into this game (170+ hours), only because the developer (who is active on the forums), promised to improve the game in a number of areas since the games release.  Unfortunately, they haven't.GOOD:Course developer - It's awesome.  The addition of Greg Norman's team made a world of difference.  Cheers to the developer for putting out such a great tool kit.  The possibilities are literally endless, as are the number of courses.  I do wish the developers would allow us to insert interactive spectators/crowds to add to the realism of tournament golf.  If you're interstested in course design, this is as good as it gets at the moment.Graphics - When it's not having framerate issues (again, on the latest and greatest GPU/CPU on the market), it's a treat to look at.  Some of the greens appear to be jagged around the edges on high spots, but overall, they look good.BAD:Framerate - Nothing has been done to address the glitchiness/bugs in this game.  For instance, on many of the games courses (predominantly on Links or Desert courses), the screen simply stutters upon any movement.  On some courses, the ball or hole on the greens just disappear.  Try attempting to make a putt with no ball or hole.  The developer stated they were working on fixing these bugs over a month ago, however, it is quite evident they've done nothing to solve these issues.  That is extremely frustrating when some courses do not have this issue, are beautiful to look at, and run smoothlyStats - This is supposed to be a simulation game, but the stats keeper makes ZERO sense.  Hey developer, golfers are stat freaks and are always looking to improve.  There's no way to compare yourself to anyone else playing the game when the stats/rating system are completely screwed up.  FYI - The developer stated they would address this in Aug too.  They haven't.  That's telling.....Modes of play - A lot left to be desired.  I'm hoping in the next game (if there is one), will be interesting and keep the gamer engaged.  Maybe try getting the PGA Tour to sponsor a future game.  More game/match modes will people interested in playing your game.Game physics;Putting - It is what it is.  At best, it's inconsistent (at all distances) and there is a huge learning curve.  New players will either tolerate or hate it.  It will frustrate you, there's no getting around that.  It still needs work and fine tuning.Distance control - The best way to gauge distance is to adjust the percentance of the shot and swing 100% (not realistic).  Around the greens, it's terrible.  There's also no skill involved in hitting everything 100%.  From the get go of the game, everyone hits the ball exactly the same distance and your distance never improves with your player's career progress.Glitches - I've already mentioned the framerate problems, but there's other things that need to be addressed.  For instance, let's say you hit your driver or a low punch shot into the sand.  Congrats, your ball will be plugged everytime.....not kidding.  If it rolls in, you've got half a chance.  If your pitch/chip hits the pin (even softly), enjoy watching it rocket across the green behind you.  Great way to ruin a good round.  Lastly, if you hit your ball into the water, 99% of the time, the game makes you rehit for your previous location and does not allow you to drop on the line of the ball into the water.  The player should at least have the option.  When the games does drop for you, sometimes it puts you into the ruff.....Controls - It's much easier to play on a keyboard then controller.Player model/swing - There's only one.  Why?!Final verdict:  I love golf, whether in real life or on the computer.  However, this game leaves me with the feeling of untapped potential.  I hope, going forward, the developer gets it right and listens to its user base who want it to succeed (I do).  Unfortunately, at this point, the negatives out weigh the positives.  Yes, the game can be beautiful to look at, but the frustrations of the a faulty swing system and complete lack modes can not be overcome by a fantastic course creator.  With that, I'm putting my sticks away until EA Sports releases the next iteration of PGA Tour golf or The Golf Club 2 is released and it's a complete game."
,Not Recommended,269730,12065941,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,CinderellaMan,"I bought this expecting something that MINIMALLY supported the classic mouse interface that has been the standard for literally 20 years in PC golf games.  I was very disappointed to learn that its basically optimized for the XBOX controller.  Despite repeated attempts to use that controller in this game, I cannot get an accurate shot.  To the developer: go back and look at every golf release prior to this to understand how a golf game should work on the PC.  Please."
,Not Recommended,269730,11788177,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Flaknugget,"I like the social and course building aspects of this game... but the controls, whether using a gamepad and especially when using a mouse and keyboard (I've tried both), are incredibly difficult and need a lot of work before this game will be playable.It is fairly easy to make the perfectly straight 100% power shots every time, so the driving game is almost too easy, but when you need a little finesse, like hitting the ball at 60-90% power, forget it.The distance estimates applied to the clubs can't be trusted, especially on shorter shots like lobs and chips, the distances are frequently off by a few dozen yards.Putting is especially broken, because there is only one power spectrum, 0-105 feet, so if you want to make an 5-10 foot putt, in other words apply 5-10% power, getting anywhere close to correct is virtually impossible, you're just as likely to putt it 30 feet or 2 feet."
76561198176463847,Recommended,269730,29500713,Posted: 26 January,all,D.C. Charles,"I like every part of this game. It is hours of putting together ideas. What i don't like is sometimes my computer acts up and i end up losing the game. Some times it takes for hours to get it back. They won't accept my password and i need to keep changing it. Steam gives you fits. I think if they could, for security reasons they would ask for your first born as collateral."
,Recommended,269730,24299828,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,robsticles,"Worth it, WORTH IT at 10 bucks when I got it during the summer sale. 30 bucks is a little steep for it normally but what you get is a straightforward, no frills golf game. The mechanics are a little rough getting started but as soon as everything clicks, it really gets rolling. It took me about 3-5 hours playing the game to really get the hang of putting. While it may get too easy for some, I'll never get sick shooting 10 under as I am an even bogey golfer in real life."
,Recommended,269730,24328915,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,jasonb,"I've been playing this game for a few hours now and totally recommend it for anyone looking for a realistic golfing game. I was a big fan of the Tiger Woods Golf franchise on Xbox but this game is a more accurate depiction of golf, with no in-air spinning of the ball or any other fancy gimmicks. You truly get frustrated with the game, as you would in real golf, when you   don't hit the perfect, straight shot and when your approach onto the green is off. It will take a lot of practice to get a good handicap but that is what makes this game fun. The graphics are decent and the loading of the next hole is pretty quick."
,Recommended,269730,26476066,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Sepulfly,Pretty much exactly what it promises to be.
76561198161497653,Recommended,269730,26476947,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Danjw91,"After looking for some good golf games and mainly wanting this due to my dad wanting a golf game I decided after looking and searching I'll give this a shot. The graphics in game are really impressive and so is the gameplay itself, everything seems to be on point. My only problem is that there are way too many people who clearly cheat on this game by going round 18 holes with -33 which is impossible!I'll like the handicap system to be better since I played 5 rounds and I got a handicap of 13 and my dad got 0.4 but yet it says the lower the better and he then played a better round and it went up so its a bit confusing.Being able to move your player at the tee point to get a better angle would be good and also putting in a way to earn money and a shop to buy new clothes or clubs etc with the money you get from playing rounds.Just a quick edit. I think the editors need to add the feature where when you creat a course you can then edit it without it creating that same course again but ""As New"". It is your course so you should be able to edit it without it creating a new one, because you may want to change some stuff or the flag points.Overall a very good game and worth it for any golf fan!"
76561198072006730,Recommended,269730,29057440,Posted: 6 January,all,Obie,Great Game. Awesome Graphics and physics! Just like old school Tiger woods!
,Recommended,269730,28856025,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SGT Conanjamus,"This isn't like any of the EA series of golf games. The Golf Club plays more like a sim in that you have to set up your shot, then once you hit it, there's nothing you can do to effect ball flight. With that being said, golfers who understand the game well or individuals who like sim games will like this one more.Pros:1. Graphics are good enough2. Fun course creator3. More of a pure golf sim4.TGCtours.com-> this is a lot of fun. different tours for different handicaps(web.com, pga, european, etc.)Cons1. I haven't really figured out multiplayer. It seems you play with ghosts, rather than live people, but there could be a setting I'm missing. ( I have played with someone who is setting next to me easily enough, however)2. Not a fan of the UI3. Icredibly rudimentary character creation"
,Recommended,269730,34320017,Posted: 17 August,all,Ghoulmaster | Engineer.tf,"I've played a lot of golf video games in my day. Tiger Woods PGA Tour, Hot Shots Golf, Mario Golf, Golden Tee Golf, Neo Turf Masters (worth looking up if you haven't heard of it)... Golf video games are likely the genre of gaming that I've collectively spent the most time on. While it's a strange focus, I've loved every second I've spent with the dozens of golf games in my library. So, how does The Golf Club hold up? ...Meh. It's okay I guess.I've got to give props to HB Games for one major thing here: Making the game difficult. Golf video games in general are far too easy as a genre. The Golf Club turns this formula on its head and attepts to create a genuinely difficult golf experience, using great course design as a cornerstone. For the most part, the game succeeds at what it attepts, but it's a far from perfect experience. Controls are tight, but chipping and putting is made excessively difficult by how fast you need to move to execute a ""half-swing"". To be honest, putting is a nightmare in general here, and is the only part of the game that really feels incomplete. While you can shape your shots in a separate menu, I earnestly wish that executing draws and fades was more difficult than just hitting a normal swing with a tighter swing path. The course creator in The Golf Club is the highlight, and rightfully so. You can tell how much time HB Games put into this system and it really paid off. Even with this as a bonus though, the game runs moderately sluggishly on even the best PCs. I still find the game slowing down occasionally with a Nvidia 1060 6GB GPU, 8 GB of RAM, and an Intel i5-4440 processer. If you have a computer you'd consider ""slow"", don't get this game. It's not worth it on that front.Overall, The Golf Club is a decent experience, but is honestly one of my least favorite, and least played golf games in my library. If it's on sale and it appeals to you, it can't hurt to give it a go. Worst case scenario, you can return it later and buy something you'd be happier with.6.7/10 Not terribly great, but still worth a look."
,Recommended,269730,17051014,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,oJ3ST3R,"The game keeps crashing after it first opens, need help!!!!!!"
,Recommended,269730,17703119,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Commander in Keef,"This is everything I want in a golf game but with one single glaring issue. Playing with the mouse it's nearly impossible to control power.The core issue is feedback. Sure, you gauge the size of the backswing, but there's a lag moment after you start the swing where the animation updates. During this gap you will be pulling back on the mouse and seeing nothing happen, then suddenly you are at 100%.Despite this glaring, house-on-fire design issue, I'm still giving this game a thumbs up because it's so good in nearly every other aspect. If they could just refine this single swing-power issue, my forehead would be grateful as I would no longer be smashing it into my desk repeatedly."
76561198165883844,Recommended,269730,17351017,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,atj,"How do you update this game, no where to download any patches?????"
76561197975329703,Recommended,269730,26080286,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Jaime Kubovski-Käki,"I kinda like the Golf Club. It's a relaxing game, and as far as I can tell, a reasonably good golf game. Not perfect, but reasonably good.However, I haven't played other golf games lately, so I can't really compare the Golf Club with anything. In fact the last time I played any proper golf game was 20 years ago. I also know very little about golf itself. Just the basics about the rules and the differences between different clubs.  So I can't really say whether the Golf Club lacks some important features or not, or if it is realistic enough or not."
76561198079712538,Recommended,269730,25468111,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ProfessorMangoes,"For those of you looking to find a game close to the Tiger Woods games, then this is the game for you. To be honest, the course creator is a bit of an aquired taste, however to those who can use it, there are some absolute masterpieces on the community section. From Augusta to Whistling Straights, there is always a new course to play."
,Recommended,269730,19899401,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jeremyc9,"I've played a ton of golf games over the past 30 years, with PGA Tour Golf 2 on the Sega Genesis still being my favorite of all time. I will have to say The Golf Club is way up near the top of my favorites, and I highly recommend it.Update: As I continue to play it, the game get more and more addicting. If you've ever played a ""One more turn"" game, this is very similar, except I constantly tell myself ""One more round"". How this has ""Mixed"" reviews I'll never understand. If you like golf games that are both fun and challenging, buy this one."
76561198157760816,Recommended,269730,14171655,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,GoBraves21,"Still some kinks, but given the slim pickings for PC golf games, this is probably a must buy if you want to play golf on your PC.  Not a real simulation, rather similar to the TW games.  Wait for this game to go on sale though.  It's not worth the full 34.99 or so of retail price."
76561198044314699,Recommended,269730,9877038,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,CaptainClutch72,This game is very good and I highly recommend to anyone who likes golf or has played the EA Sports Tiger Woods Golf Series(Which has been canceled). The game is easy to learn but hard to master. And the replayability factor is incredible. The graphics are top notch but the large course size and quick loading times can lead to some lag issues during rounds. Also the course creator is easy to use and one can create a unique course to play in under a minute. The multiplayer concept seems great but has not been implemented yet. I would also recommend using a Windows Xbox 360 controller over the mouse and keyboard. Overall this game has tons of potential and I can't wait for the finished product. Buy now when it has the low price.9.5/10
,Recommended,269730,10779207,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,B2th3myth,"As a person who loves golf and has played virtually every golf game to date. The Golf Club is one of the best ever made. It has a great in depth, yet very easy course creator. The last couple of updates have made the game even better. Tournament and Tour mode is now available and it just adds something we have never had in golf game. An online tour with friends. Purchase this game. It is fantastic."
,Recommended,269730,13730040,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rabbit_Run,"They clearly need to work on optimizing the game. I have to play on the lowest setting, else I get huge fps drops, and my computer is fairly high end. Yet, on the lowest setting it's still a very pretty game.I wish there were more people playing/an easier way to play with live individuals. Yet, the asynchonous game play is quite enjoyable.The avatar creation needs a huuuuge boost. Yet, I never look at my character.I guess what I'm trying to say is this game needs a lot of work to be a masterpiece, but it's a really enjoyable game and I'm having a ton of fun thus far.Haven't touched the course creator yet. So I can't comment on it.Oh...and there needs to be another couple hours of caddy commentary added, because what's available got old real quick."
76561197970562619,Recommended,269730,10754206,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ThRoNeD1,No Golf game has come close to this GEM... Unless your at the Club reading this review on your phone and about to hop into your buggy!
76561198127393783,Recommended,269730,10776715,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Meusil,About time!! 10 of 10
76561197994247566,Recommended,269730,17512623,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,pompeyck,nice game
,Recommended,269730,20044876,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DusterBuster,"Tons of fun! The announcer is fantastic! I love the comments and it's really well done! The ability to generate a new course based on some simple criteria is fantastic and fun to use as well! Overall, a fantastic game with great gameplay!I play on:Desktop using an Xbox wireless controller on triple monitors (works great!)nVidia Shield.Steam Link using a TV and an Xbox wireless controller."
76561198025771451,Recommended,269730,19182522,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Zeke Hinton,"This is my first review of a game on Steam. TGC has to be one of the very best, if not the best, golf games I've ever played. The graphics and physics are flat out impressive. If you're a golf nut like I am buy this game, you won't be sorry. Truth be told, I tee it up daily on TGC. This game allows you to also create courses! And I plan on devoting a good deal of time to that too. My goal is to try to re-create a few of the more famous courses on the PGA Tour. HIT IT FAR AND STRAIGHT, Zeke"
,Recommended,269730,17412497,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,RiCK ™MadCaT,The green speeds are still too fast. It feels like the wind is blowing the ball on the green which could happen I guess if a tornado came by.
76561197981386949,Recommended,269730,24075071,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,+Dyrkan+,"Best golf game ever! I played alot WGT golf on IOS but this is more skill with the mouse,once you figure out the controls that is, which you will do by starting the handicapcourses, I just went 4 over par by the way. Its so satisfying when you make a great putt,which is alot easier since you have to be intuitive unlike WGT Golf which is more pushinga hit-meter which this game have none! Feels more like golfing.....as close as you can getin a virtual world of course. Two thumbs up from me.....now Im off back to the green.(Looking forward to TGC2 by the way)"
76561198008225825,Recommended,269730,12103781,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Daxius,"I usually buy EA golf for Xbox and 360, but I seen this on Steam and was intrigued by another company going for the green. I must say that the user interface is nothing short of superb, it automatically detects whether you have a controller for the game which I think should be standard in any game capable of using one.  Graphics are really good, and I hope that in 2015 when I purchase a 4k TV that things will look even better once 60hz is a standard on the brand I want.There are a few things I wish it had, and that is a more substantial player editor, and a few tweeks while golfing.  Like the ability to have back spin on the ball, to get a rough trajectory flight of current position to hole with current club, and a power meter.I'm sure as time goes on they will add more things and I hope that they will avoid making a new golf game every year and take on other sports that are lacking on the PC.  I suggested to EA making NHL series every 5 years with roster updates and maybe graphic, sounds adds in between since it would give people a chance to really play the game.If you enjoy playing golf, then I highly recommend this for you."
76561198038697677,Recommended,269730,9878396,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,MadJack,I play on a core i7 with a gtx780 at max and for an early release its been very enjoyable... I play with mouse and keyboard (I have an xbox 360 controller but I like using the mouse and keyboard as I am used to teh ea mouse swing from the tiger woods masters pc game.)
76561198007434276,Recommended,269730,12296663,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Bogeymaker,"Good graphics. Somewhat limited game options. Takes a lot of practice to get ball to go straight and also to take power off of it. Putting is fickle also. Editor kinsa cool have not done much with it.Not great, but it might get there soon"
,Recommended,269730,11352145,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Aranel,"That is just the golf game I was waiting for. I'd played some Tiger woods PGA tours, but the golf clubs is the Beauty! Multiplayer has the features you only dreamed of. Auto joining friends on the same course. Notifications about friends playing, played, etc. Multiplayer turn based, simultaneous, ghost play, also local (hot seat) with every could bring their own gamepad (nice).Generator / Editor, still work in progress, but awesome idea, and great output. Fine tuning parameters of generator, and of course, you could add objects like trees manualy.Thank you! You are doing great work."
,Recommended,269730,9948760,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,nzgolem,"The game is clearly not optimised for keyboard and mouse, I have no idea why they decided to do this when it released on pc first. You can't even find control settings for various course creator functions. However I do believe this game has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,269730,10527519,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kevinlm,Best golf game ever played.
,Recommended,269730,11075213,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mcphilly,"Great game. Really fun to play and it's easy to get caught up in it and play a whole 72-hole tournament in one sitting. One thing I hope the devs improve on though is making the game smoother. Right now it's a little choppy with the camera movements and the graphics. I also hope that they add more customization to the characters in the final version as it's lacking right now.Overall it's a great game, I can't wait to see what the final version is like and I will be buying this game again when it comes out for ps4!"
76561197975496533,Recommended,269730,13553617,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Skouperd,"The graphics are out of this world.  Playing with the mouse does take some to get used to.I do however have the following recommendations for the developers:1. Include a driving range where I can just hit a couple of shots selecting different clubs etc.2. Is it not possible to provide different swing selections?  For instance, the three click swing (one click to start, second click on power, and third click on slice / draw), or even just the option to swing ""left to right"" rather than up and down.   Even just a place where I could adjust the sensitivity of my draw / slice will already make the game easier to play for beginners.3. Provide a bit of instructions, it took me a number of attempts to figure out just how to hit a shot.I really enjoy the game thusfar, but it is a bit of work playing with a mouse, however, it is a lot more realistic than any other golf game I've seen in ages.  Hope the developers could just work on some of the rough edges."
,Recommended,269730,10872017,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,FoggyHarbor,Really enjoying this game!  They are making great progress making this game a very nice golf simulator.
,Recommended,269730,12354811,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Artimus Gordon,"Great to see a viable return to the golf simulation game.  Good number of people putting together some great courses.  I'd like to see that continue.  Game play is very good, pretty open.  Control is not easy, especially with a mouse.  I believe they are trying to give the game more of a feel to a swing that the ol' hit the mouse button once, then again, then again.  So to that it is better.  You've got some pretty good control over shot lineup and stance.  Graphics are good.  I even like the rather candid caddie comments, bit like a simi-pro trainer might be.  Others might think it gets old, but I can't play 12 hours a day, so it's good for me to break it up a bit.  Do think putting on the green a bit loony.  I miss a put past the hole because the green slopes right-to-left.  So when I get on the other side of the hole looking back for the next putt, why is the green now leaning something other than left-to-right?  Oh well.  Still, I'm happy with anything that's not arcade-like."
76561198064619100,Recommended,269730,10294885,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,AM7TD30,"Absolutely amazing, That's all there is to it."
76561198074383978,Recommended,269730,11247190,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Heatman3,It is the best golf game of all time. Beats out Tiger Woods PGA tour by a long shot.
,Recommended,269730,11305207,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,www.twitch.tv/fitmusclenoob,"Let me start this review with a blunt statement; this game is not enjoyable to the ignorant. What I'm trying to say is that you have to have at least a little bit of an interest in the game of golf, and I believe that this game is perfect for the people looking to get into the actual game. As a simulator, The Golf Club is about as good as it gets with the technology and resources that the devs have. All I'm saying by this is that this game is obviously still in Early Access, so you cannot expect it to be a GOTY golf game right out of nowhere. If you do have a friend who is interested in the game of golf, introduce them to this game and see how they like the concept of the game first. Of course, this is still a video game, so it does not quite present the greatest representation of golf in reality. It does, however, have some of the qualities though. You have to judge your shots carefully and watch out for hazards. You have to read the break on the greens and also the speed of them. This game will definitely show some of the qualities of how a bad golf round can all of a sudden turn good and more often than not, a good golf round going bad. I usually spend hours on the course everyday trying to practice and get better and when I leave the course, I just want more and more. So when it's late at night and all you can think of is playing golf, launch this game and play the hell out of it. The course editor will allow you to have hours of fun creating the course of your dreams or even a silly, fun course that isn't fair at all. The online game modes are incredibly fun and will keep competitive golfers competitive at home. Just buy this game if you love or have an interest in golf. You will certainly put a few hours into the game."
,Recommended,269730,11825522,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,mfager14,Realistic and fun! Greate time playing around with the course creater.
,Recommended,269730,11836754,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,kuma,"Really good game, only obvious lacking thing to me is posture adjustment, but since you can control hook and slice shots quite easily, it's not realy an issue.Comes with the same emotional rollercoaster playing real golf comes with (except your♥♥♥♥♥is sitting on a computer chair instead of a golf cart)."
,Recommended,269730,11930506,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,MisterKlaw,"So much fun.The gameplay mechanics are easy to learn but somewhat hard to master, so the golfing process is pretty fun. But that's not what makes this game so fantastic.What makes this game so special is the course designer. It lets you be as broad or granular as you can imagine. You can simply dictate the type of course and number of holes you desire and the game will generate a completely random, never-before-seen course for you. Or you can hand-craft every single hole, sandtrap, ravine, green, tee box and fairway for each and every hole. And everything in between. The creative tools are a little clumsy, but powerful once you start to learn them.The Dev team does a great job of listening to the community and they'll be building out the game substantially as time goes on.As a lover of the game, I simply cannot reccomend The Golf Club enough! It's the best golfing game yet for PC."
76561197971687631,Recommended,269730,17718684,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Holla Famer,"Very similar to the defunct Links franchise, and that's a good thing. Unlimited courses, challenging gameplay, addictive. The game doesn't hold your hand, pure golf in it's simplest form. Have for PS4 but bought again for PC. I've always felt golf games were meant to be played on PC more than anything else and this is proof of that. If you'e looking for a golf game, look no further."
76561198077188244,Recommended,269730,21045664,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Nasty Nate,♥♥♥♥♥my pants when I hit a 300 yard drive8/10
,Recommended,269730,17273395,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,vese,Basically just Mario 64.
76561197996748400,Recommended,269730,25134959,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Börje,"Best Golf game on PC by far, fairly realistic, smooth graphics and overall enjoyable gameplay especially with friends. Would need a driving range, chip training and put training tho"
,Not Recommended,269730,12020783,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,GoldenGun,Listen to the reviews if buying for PC (even if you have a controller). This game is NOT optimized for PC in any way shape or form. It's almost a direct port from the Xbox version albiet for some UI changes. If you're interested in this as purely a golf course building simulator it's pretty frustrating as well. You have to start off with their pre-generated courses given from your parameters but does not let you build a course from scratch like you would in say Sid Meier's Sim Golf. You can delete some holes and re-create but having to do so is frustrating and you can only delete about 5 or 6 holes before it requires you to create some more before deleting again.
76561198015995054,Recommended,269730,11887559,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Shooter,This is by farr the best golf sim to date.  The play is awsome and the course editer is great.  I have never had a game that if you have a question and post it you actually get a near immediate respons from the game producers.  Buy this game!
,Recommended,269730,13590320,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,WyldFox,"Let me start by listing pros and cons to this game.Pros:-Game looks very well, even on the lowest settings.-Once everything is figured out, can be fun for someone looking to play golf.-Course Editors are always a plus, and not a bad one if you take the time to see where everything is.-Tutorials for almost everything in this game.Cons:-Unable to fully tell how hard you hit the ball, or putt-Grid on putting is to big.-Graphic optination needs to be worked on a little better.As a player and have made games in the past and hopefully sell some on Steam in the future, the fixes for two of the cons is quite simple to me.  For hitting the ball, a precent gage someplace would be nice.  I have brought my stick back on my game pad to roughly the same area and have hit the ball from 100% to 80%. This is not very good in my opinion.The putting grid, well, just needs to have more grid lines to it, the system, once you figure it out or watch the tutorial, is very good otherwise.If these two where fixed, i think this would be a very good game.8/10I am recommending this game for those who like or love golf.  The game has it's issues, and may take from the game from time to time, but sometimes it feels a little real without going out to a course with clubs yourself."
76561198031634512,Recommended,269730,11136788,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,texasrangersUK,Great game. Great editor. Just Buy it.
,Recommended,269730,10688519,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,flomby,"I used to play the Tiger Woods PGA Tour games all the time with my Dad. Fast forward to The Golf Club, and it's pretty much the same game, but without the arcadey spin mechanic, which makes the game more realistic. Add in custom course creation and user created content sharing and you get a great golf game. Simple and fun, what more could you ask."
76561198045398611,Recommended,269730,13623920,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Peter,"Great golf game. Exactly what I was looking for. Nice graphics, gameplay and commentary. Getting even better with each update !"
,Not Recommended,269730,24137998,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Evilworm,"I was looking forward to play this game. Until I actually started it. The game ran about 40-50 fps and it suddenly wasn't fullscreen but a big window stretching across both my monitors (with half the window on both). Typical Unity-behaviour, but it isn't impossible to fix. When I went back to fullscreen with alt-enter, my fps dropped to 5. Totally unplayable, so I restarted it. Got 40-50 fps again. Every time I was about to hit, the game stutters and makes it impossible to hit accurate, so I turned down everything to a minimum, but still with 1920x1080. Fps up to almost 60, but the stutter didn't disappear. Trees started to look like something from early Amiga days, and looked horrible. Water is dull and ugly. Animation was still nice to look at..As far as I could tell, there is no way to actually know exactly how hard you hit. You just have to find out by yourself. Bad representation of the green compared to Tiger Woods 2014 on Xbox 360. Actually everything was sub-par compared to TW2014.Annoyed me so much I just had to quit after just 35 minutes or so.Graphics 6/10 (nice animations)Sound 7/10 (commentator made me want to sleep)Gameplay 4/10 (annoying stutter)This is my honest opinion about this game. My computer setup:CPU: 5930kGFX: Nvidia GTX 970 (4gb, or 3.5 if you are picky)RAM: 32 gbThe only reason I didn't requested my money back is that I payed less than $8 for the whole thing."
,Recommended,269730,11859880,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Desirsar,"The controls have been ironed out and the performance optimized since Early Access.  The course designer is excellent, and cross platform sharing of courses ensures plenty of new content and competition.  More features are planned to round this out, it's definitely worth looking at for fans of golf games that require player skill rather than character skill, and a feel for the game rather than a reach for a calculator."
76561198148566482,Not Recommended,269730,11885011,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,everolic,rubbish. wasted my money
,Recommended,269730,11783987,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,bubbaste,"decent game, worth ur hard earned if u like golf games."
76561198001239139,Not Recommended,269730,11969411,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Shloobalbonya,Not up to par with what I would expect from a Golf game.
76561198011342128,Not Recommended,269730,11832667,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,"Ganymede IX, Supreme Snow God","Sometimes you'll feel like you've won the favour of a golf-centric god, as he grants your every wish for a world in which there is only golf.More often the menu simply won't respond and putting can vary wildly from fine art to crapshoot to dice roll.In it's current state, I can't recommend anyone else buy this game."
76561198057767166,Not Recommended,269730,32941358,Posted: 28 June,all,Ade,"I bought the golf club in 2014 with a freind between us. Deeply disappointed with the fact that the simplist option of having multiple profile saves is not available. I don't care how they respond to this fact, but obviously they have no idea how to make a game.Playing online against others is a joke, no support after a year, my handicap is a joke (get -7 under and my handicap drops, what a joke). It seems the same issues are with The Golf Club 2.Definately do not buy."
,Not Recommended,269730,11962931,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Iridium,"This is perhaps the most infuriatingly poorly-controlling golf game I think I've ever played. Control over your swing varies massively from one stroke to the next and there's absolutely zero sense of the power you're putting behind any given shot. Putting is obnoxiously difficult for both of those reasons.Although one can certainly (probably) get used to playing it, getting to that point is not at all an enjoyable road. Some would say that this just means it's a more serious golf simulation and perhaps that's true for some people, but this isn't at all accessible for people looking for a less excrutiating experience."
76561197984794772,Not Recommended,269730,18703097,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,rickywsf,"I was looking forward to this game very much. It has been on my wishlist for quite a while so I was very excited to finally buy it today. After 5 holes I gave up and am asking for a refund after only 30 minutes of gameplay. I can't say it's a bad game but I think it would probably be better with a controller (which I don't use). I'm used to the Tiger Woods PGA Tour series of golf games and when I got to the buggy mess that was TWPGAT 08 I had had enough. I bought this thinking it would be a great replacement but was sorely dissapointed. Everything seems to move really slow, the swing, the ball and the cameras. It was like trying to play in molasses in winter. As well the courses were not as realistically made either. The fairways were too skinny and the texture for them was not that realistic. TWPGAT 08 looked more realistic to me than this. I would have to say my biggest gripe is the swing mechanism. It just doesn't feel right. There was no backward and forward swing, just backward. It didn't feel natural not following your swing through to the ball, but I think that is the console port mechanics again. Like I said this is probably a different game if you are used to a controller, but I'm not so it was a real missed hit with me."
,Recommended,269730,18237154,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Tiny Andy Dufresne,Great until you start putting. I've seen carnival games that were easier and more fair.
76561198184692101,Recommended,269730,18261938,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,matlow74,"I LOVE THE GAME, BUT WISH  WE COULD ADJUST THE WIND AND WX.  REALLING NEED TO BE ABLE TO PRACTICEPUTTING. IT SURE WOULD IMPROVE  MY GAME...."
76561198021891377,Recommended,269730,19155056,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,TRaxYM,"Amazing Sim in my opinion, great graphics, very realistic, and relaxing to play :)"
76561198000185672,Recommended,269730,19161414,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,mikeeTheGerman,"This is a fantastic product. It may have some frame rate issues, with the biggest performance hog being Anti-alising, which can be turned off with no noticble difference in graphic fidelity, but the game play is fantastic.I especially like the ""ghost"" golfers you can play against.  Just pick some past rounds saved on the server with scores in  your range of play, and you have a great, motivating, competitve round of golf.  This gets you to play better, and to enjoy the competion.I do not have a lot of  hours yet, but wanted to counter a lot of the negative posts.  If your computer is not a toaster, and you you have outgrown power-up, Mario style, golf, this is for you.  If you need to punish nOObs, go somewhere else!Really great game, with wonderful graphics, good phsics and a genius competition system!"
,Recommended,269730,31837014,Posted: 19 May,all,Badger,"Best golf sim out there, and they're now on to the VR version.  HB Studios got this perfectly when the Golf Club was released.  If I had one annoyance it's that looking throuh the 132,000+ courses that players have made can get VERY tedious when you can only use one search parameter at a time, but aside from that, the quality of the visuals and gameplay is astonishing.  No more will we have to wait for EA to cough up their next Tiger Woods game or whichever celebrity golfer they choose to sink their vampiric teeth into.  This is the game for any golfer and worth every single penny.  Enjoy :D"
,Recommended,269730,9866086,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,necrosand,Physics seem pretty good.Looks great.That commentator is a real jerk though.
,Not Recommended,269730,16106251,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,-DI- Scarab King,"amazing graphics and wonderful courses, sadly let down by lack of control options it's awful when putting I can't do the same motion consistently throughout a round."
,Recommended,269730,10037880,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Insane_Penquin,A nice golf sim that shows a lot of promise.
76561198134308710,Recommended,269730,10054942,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,rdtoy,"overall the game is ok the graphics do not run smooth and some work needs to be done on the mouse controle it is to touchy hard to controle. putting is realy bad maby add a sensitivity adjustment for mouse controles, but then it dosent help that the graphics lag behind"
,Recommended,269730,10096444,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,PLIXEN,As others have already mentioned this is a really nice game. It is also my first early access purchase and I have to say that I can see no reason to wait if you are interested in a solid quality golfing sim.  Performance on PC is outstanding and I look forward to the additional features soon to come.  It is a beautiful game with some pop in of distant textures and sometimes the further away textures can be a bit muddy.  But having said that the art style and bright colorful courses are nice to look at.  The interface is clean an intuitive.  The announcer is subtle and almost a little dry but I personally like him.  All in all I am really happy with my purchase and look forward to playing more of this game.
76561197971692751,Not Recommended,269730,10585162,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Delle(DK),"I did not like this game that much due to the following.1). The game is like a consol game but can be played with pc keyboard and mouse. Unfortunatly such games always feel like a consol game no matter what.2). The developers write on the forum that they will NEVER implement any kind of power meter that will allow you to view how hard you hit the ball.. Since computer golf is not like in real life where you can feel and easy adjust the power then the game is rather difficult to play since it is difficult to know if you example use 100% power or just 85%...  In the current state of the game it is like guessing and hoping for the best.The positive..:Well I like the possibility to design your own golfcourse and share it with other golfers just like in ""sim golf"" from the 90's.You can also play with your friends or play online turnaments and gain some kind of score in the future.But they have no plans of making any real ""career mode"" like in Tiger woods golf where you start with handicap 54 and need to play to become a pro... However they maybe will implement a kind of money system so people can win some prize money in a turnament ( like a kind of highscore i think ).The graphic is pretty okay but i would say 2010 graphic level, but it is not really a problem, and alos the game is not finished in development.The greens are equal to tiger woods where you have a kind of net that show you the terrain and indications about how it will effect the ball like in all other golf games.In general the game do have potential and are not that bad, but I did not want to own a game that do not have number 1 and 2 since that is features I belive every golf game need to pocess especially the power meter.Should you buy this game.. well maybe I would say but it is not worth more than 25 euro even when I imagine the finished product..I have personaly asked for a refund after 33min of playing time."
,Recommended,269730,10884032,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,whatthafizznuck,Great game! Easily the best golf sim to date. I wouldnt reccomend playing with kb/m as this game seems like it is meant to be played with a controller.
,Recommended,269730,10978380,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,M3ND4C17Y,"I was worried that The Golf Club would be a purchase to regret, but fortunately that hasn't turned out to be the case. The course creator is excellent, although it doesn't allow you to create a custom course from scratch. The game will first generate a course based on your chosen parameters, and you can then edit it to your heart's content. The controls don't take too long to get used to, although I'd strongly advise playing with a gamepad. There is no power bar - shot strength is determed by your swing motion. The graphics are pretty good, as is the background music. Currently the player customisation is very limited, and doesn't include golf clubs. It's still an early access title though, so hopefully more features will be forthcoming."
,Recommended,269730,11007773,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,KingJobRock,"(Version 0.9 Early Access)Fantastic so far!  My only quip with gameplay is that I would like to turn off the grid on the green.I would like to see a bit more control of the course-creation process, though.  Once I have set up my course I would like the ability to edit the dividing lines between the fairway and the rough, bunker and grass, etc.  I would love to be able to shape the fairways, greens, bunkers, lakes, etc.  It's nice being able to create a course in seconds; however, some of us would like the ultimate control over every little detail afterwards.There aslo seems to be a very slight issue with screen tearing.  A v-sync option would be useful in the graphics settings.Overall, the game is everything a modern golfer could want in a golf game; you can create BEAUTIFUL courses and play them in their complete beauty with fantastic controls for your swing.  After all, aren't the most important things about real golf the swing and beauty of the course?  (Hint: yes.)"
76561198015896276,Recommended,269730,11482241,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,BubbaDude,"Good graphics. Good game play.  Good on-line play against friends.  Different courses.  Good price.  An all-around good game for a fair price.  Perhaps I've understated the qualities of the game, but if you like golf, this is a great game to have."
,Recommended,269730,10048456,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,NHL2XXX,"I started playing ""computer golf"" with Leaderboard (C64), graduated to Mean 18 (Amiga) and then was enthralled with Links (PC). The go-to golf game for me for many years has been Tiger Woods 08 (I do NOT want to know how many beers my brother and I have consumed playing it over the years).   :DI am a big fan of ""click click click"". The Golf Club does not support ""click click click"" (at least, not yet/that I'm aware of?) but I have finally enjoyed a golf game that employs the use of a game pad. I just finished off a round and ended up one under par ...  which included a bogey, a double bogey and a quintuple bogey (nooooooooooo!)Amusement. I am very much looking forward to continued updates! I have a next-gen console (I do not want to start flame wars by stating which) but will be playing this game on PC through Steam."
76561198108298780,Recommended,269730,9875689,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,kevnicky,"2 hours into this gem of a game and it oozes class,They is some lag but not that much to stop you enjoying this game like I have done and the course designer is the icing on the cake, try if you can anyone to even par my first created course called ""Garden Of Eden"" it is a very tricky course that drains your concentration.Anyway, this game is in early access and it is as far as I am concerned the greatest golf game ever created!!!! And they is more stuff to be added yet. I love this game it kept me up until midnight and this is my first ever review of anything that I have purchased through steam and that is well over 180+ games, so, it just goes to show you all how brilliant I found it.All I can say is just buy this game if you like golf and buy it even if you don't because you won't be disappointed."
76561198039890055,Recommended,269730,10457676,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,bigmidget,"not worth 35 dollars!!  i know this is a raw game but charge 15-20 dollars.  no commentary, lag, horrible graphics, no shot indicator etc etc.  again raw game, make it way cheaper than 35 bucks."
76561198006889139,Recommended,269730,10819436,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,disturbed.,"Looks like it is going to be a great golf game. Wont be playing Links 2003 anymore, well done guys"
76561198006919088,Recommended,269730,11275951,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Iron Chicken,This is the best golf game for the pc since microsoft golf. Tiger woods series were okay too but there is something very realistic about this new title.Still in early access but there have been a lot of improvements to date so I will stick with this as it's the best thing I have got for a golf game on my pc
76561198046574724,Recommended,269730,11370183,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sambone,"The Golf Club is a high production golf game with quite enjoyable swing mechanics. The commentating is fun, and feels like you are out playing a round with a friend. The game is a bit buggy, though I realize its in early access, not a big complaint so long as it gets fleshed out for the finished version. My biggest complaint with the game is the putting. It has no feel - sometimes from one foot away the ball moves 6 inches, Othertimes 15 ft., maybe its just me, but a power meter might help with understanding how hard you are swinging your putter, or an alternative view looking down at the putter. I would much appreciate that. Overall though I'm having a very good time with the golf game!"
,Recommended,269730,11825203,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Gordon,I have a short review of this game and it's not about the GFX nether i8t's about the game play as i have played some masterpeaces of golf games and for thos of you that say Tigerwoods golf is better then look at it closely it's an EA title but ig you want good golf this game delivers sure it dose not have all the rules yet but if you want a game to compare it to the Links sieries of golf games would be your best comparisan. If you think likes is Rubbish then go find your self a copy of Links 386 then let me know.
,Recommended,269730,12040454,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Swaggly McButtchug,Putt Putt Simulator 201410/10 would make Tacky Tiger woods again
76561198003350798,Recommended,269730,12237729,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Skywatcher68,Would prefer the old-style three tap swing.Random course generation is a nice touch.
,Recommended,269730,9877658,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,MAINEiac112,"After seeing a lot of people having performance issues I was hesitant to buy this but I am glad I did.  Excellent gameplay and with an i5-3570k at stock clock, 16gb DDR3 and EVGA GTX 780 SC I am at 60fps at all times on high settings, maybe even more since there is screen-tearing present.  A few graphical hitches, mostly flickering and draw distance issues.  With that said, for early acess I'm very happy to support this game.  Cannot wait for more development and optimizations in the future."
76561198068707858,Recommended,269730,11878596,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,grahamm282,"The Golf Club Game is remarkable so far,and it keeps getting better !"
76561198032115884,Recommended,269730,13120713,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,nojman47,At the high graphic setting this game was almost unplayable.  The frame rate was very choppy and the sound of hitting the ball occurred before i hit it. When I changed to the low graphic setting it was a different game. Much improved and the graphics were still pretty good. Overall I would recommend it.
,Not Recommended,269730,13857208,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Hani Obaid,"the game is primarily designed to be played with a controller. Unless you own or plan to buy one, don't bother with it. It's unplayable with the mouse. I have seen golf sims on games 20 years older with more control over te shot. In this one you have to click drag the mouse back then drag it forward. There is no feeling of control for the shot or ability to hit consistently. Even then nothing in the game tells you how to take a shot, you have to go to the community discussions and check the keyboard mouse faq, and there is no built-in option to change the controls. The game designers should rethink their design and learn from tiger woods golf games or even the classical Links series. Avoid buying this at all costs."
76561197993539688,Not Recommended,269730,14603551,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,dbt1949,"It's very pretty but has no manual and scarce documentation on the forum. I cannot for the life of me get used to their swing style, especially the putting.  I've tried both the kb/mouse and a controller.I don't care about the course editor so I cannot comment on that."
76561198114432741,Recommended,269730,10990743,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,msm71w,This is a Great golf game  !!
76561198125072539,Recommended,269730,11873340,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,combat339,came loaded with adware although not strictly a virus inconvienient
76561198035158668,Recommended,269730,11909535,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Klaxxon Jaxxon,"I've been pretty addicted to this game since purchase. Look into picking up this game if you enjoy trying out player created courses and playing golf with a minimalist UI. The swing mechanics are enjoyable and I like how the the shot modification tries to emulate the decisions you would make in real life. There are some performance issues for sure, but the game is totally playable. I can max out nearly every game I own but I have to run The Golf Club on 'Low' settings in order for it to function properly. It's a known issue and is being worked on. My biggest wish would be a way to find other people to play with in game. The Ghost functions are cool, but it'd be nice if I could meet other players randomly in game.TL,DR - Fun gameplay, fantastic course creator, endless amount of courses, optimization issues requiring game to be played on 'Low' settings. Worth it for a fan of the sport."
76561197992956708,Not Recommended,269730,12412332,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Marshall_maz,By far the worst golf game I have ever played
,Recommended,269730,13559077,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,redacted,excellent game is excellent. in love already.
,Recommended,269730,9873772,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,wiley17402,GREAT GAME HOPE TO SEE MULTIPLAYER AND MAYBE AS VOICE FEATURE AND SEE WHERE OTHERS ARE LANDING ON SAME COURSE I AM ON !great graphics....... and game play for mouse /keyboard (have not tried this )great for a ps3 controller with motion joy the buttons emulate the xbox 360 controller tho!
76561197974303576,Not Recommended,269730,12023033,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Thacks,Very Poor. Dont buy.There is no swing control with the mouse.I have played other older golfing game with better control.VERY Disappointed
,Recommended,269730,13462872,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ApexSlayer,"I've been looking for a game to fill the void in my heart left by one of my favorite console series games, Tiger Woods. This game actually does that pretty well. However this game is slightly more challenging than TW series. I would consider this more ""sim"" type and TW more of an arcade simulator. The part that stands out to be the most difficult is the putting. Which I haven't quiet nailed down yet and sometimes can be a little frustrating. That said I've played a few rounds on this game and have really enjoyed it. The graphics aren't bad but in this day in age could be a little better. It definitely has that Unity engine look/feel. If you are like me and are looking for a decent Golf PC game that plays like the TW series on Xbox than this is your game."
76561198052284920,Recommended,269730,9914714,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,tld3,"The game play is pretty good, but very laggy.  I am sure that will improve with more optimization.The course architect is very limited.  Not sure how much that will improve.  I will be waiting for the other golf game to design courses unless they drastically revamp the architect."
,Recommended,269730,10162243,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,DeltaBravoBearcat,"Great Golf Game, just know it's very early access. There is still a lot not active/added in the game. It's very enjoyable and will be a great game when it's finished!"
76561198018722354,Recommended,269730,11096096,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,falcon76,"A definite thumbs up from me. My first early access game and I am duly impressed. Reminds me of Links 2003 for some reason only much better. After not being able to get Links running anymore I started playing the EA TW PGA Tour games until they came to a halt. I'm still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at EA for dropping golf and hockey from the PC. I have been looking for a great PC golf game for quite a while now and I think I've found it.Having read a lot of the reviews, I see that a few people want the old 3 click swing and the developers have said that they conciously decided not to put power bars, etc in the game, and I think that was an excellent decision. Must admit that I was a tad skeptical about using a gamepad. My performance on my first few holes was laughable at best, but I quickly improved as I got used to using my Xbox for Windows gamepad. I soon realized that this swing method is about as close as you can get to the complexity of a real golf swing, and it adds a bit of realism to the game for me. I have found driving to be the easiest, and although my short game and putting are improving, they still need some practise. So, I haven't even tried the KB/mouse method and I don't care about the 3 click swing - I'm good with the gamepad.Graphics are very good indeed, especially for an early build, as it currently is. The game runs smoothly on my system with nary an issue, although, I have recently upgraded my system substantially, so that could have something to do with it, from what I have read in the reviews.I have been recommending the game to friends and I most certainly recommend the game to those reading this. If you are into computer golf at all,  I can almost guarantee that you will enjoy this game, and this is still an early build. So, a sincere thanks to the developers for delivering a 'top of the line' body of work, which has been a long time coming to the PC, and to Steam for making it available to us. And whilst I'm farting flowers over here, hats off to Steam - I have become a fan - it's a great way to game!"
,Recommended,269730,11253099,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,EURONAT3,"TLDR: If you enjoy all of golfs challenging aspects, this game will totally be worth it to you.As it says in the big blue box below, the game is an Early Access Game.  However, if you have a half decent computer, I highly recommend getting this game while it is still discounted for Early Access.There are a few things to consider:The NegativesGraphics settings are limited to your resolution and three quality settings: high, medium, and low.With graphics on low or medium, you only get a 5 yd x 5 yd putting grid when you get a 15 yd x 15 yd putting grid on high quality settings.The game is extremely GPU dependent.  My AMD FX-6350 is around 35% to 60% in the six cores while my GPU is almost always pinned on 99% or 100% at high graphics settings.UI feels clunky with mouse and keyboard but it is fine with a controller.The user created courses tend to get polluted with courses that really aren't that well made or aren't anywhere close to realistic.  However, if you look in the right places (the forums or other player created sites), you can find some very extraordinary courses.The PositivesOverall, the game is very realistic.  Of course there are a few bugs here and there due to the early access that cause some pretty strange ""physics,"" but that rarely ever happens.  Some examples:Ball below your feet = push right; vice versa for ball above your feet.The wind speeds seem very realistic when pushing the ball around along with the elevation changes.Putting takes some getting used to but it is solely based on the player controller ""marker"" that you move around to adjust your line and power.  Putting is basically the most polished aspect of the game IMO.The more difficult a shot is, the skinnier the ""perfect swing"" area will get.  Playing a draw, fade, high, or low shot all affect the margin of error when the player is swinging.The lie you have for your shot is a range of percentages.  Plugging into a bunker gives you ~40% to 60% of that clubs power for the shot out of the bunker and that percentage changes for each club.  Obviously a fairway wood is difficult to hit out of a fairway bunker.The course creator is very easy to use with a controller and has improved significantly since it first came out.Any specific questions, you are more than welcome to PM me or add me as a friend for some competition. :D"
76561198039768943,Recommended,269730,11411407,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,tw55676,awesome
,Recommended,269730,11420347,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,slackerjoe,Fantastic golf game!
,Recommended,269730,21527015,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Lovecharger,"This review is coming from someone who has been a player of the Links franchise for over 10 years. I have played a number of other golf games also, but I always found myself going back to Links because of it feeling ""truer"" than other golf games. That is until now, and playing The Golf Club, chances are I'll never be firing Links up again.I have been waiting a while to play TGC, because golf is frustrating at the best of times, so the thought of playing a golf game in early access was something I was certainly not prepared to do. I can only guess that many people did play this in early access though, and that is where the negative reviews have come from. The fact that the reviews are mixed for TGC really, really baffles me.Now TGC is not perfect... The UI is a bit of a nightmare, making it feel like a console port, and no multiplayer lobbies for PUGS is a bit of a shame. Fortunately, TGC is absolutely fantastic when it comes to actually playing golf. The lies are great, the physics fantastic, and the graphics are beautiful. If you are a fan of golf, then this is exactly what you're looking for.I have seen criticism for TGC not including a three click. Well I have being using mouse and keyboard and if you set up your sensitivity to what is suggested then it feels great. Yes there is room for error, like golf, and this room for error brings such great satisfaction out of your good shots. It requires a learning curve which will not take long at all, and trust me, what you get out of this method is far greater than you will with a three-click.I will say though, thatTGCTours.comhas completely made this game great. Here you can register and compete against multiple skill-sets of players, in a real season, with all competions true to the regular professional golf calender. Also remember, every guy you're competing with has the same club bag, and swing, albeit controllers may be used as well as mice. Personally I like the mouse as it requires a more physical ""swing"" than pushing forward an analogue stick. However, it's nice to know that ""three clickers"" aren't dominating leaderboards.The Golf Club is truly a spectacular golfing game, and the community(TGCTours.com)has absolutely rescued the lack of social elements for HBStudios.Wow you've read this far? Go register for qualifying school, earn your card, and go compete. You will not regret it and you won't regret owning TGC."
76561198006833839,Recommended,269730,21165626,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TRCThrobbinhood,"Having a great time on this game, The graphics and physics are spot on and everything feels just right. Having tried other Golf games nothing comes close to TGC and I would highly recommend it. It is not an Arcade Golf game, it can be tough just like the real game, massive amount of courses and tournaments as well as the new seasons mode make endless longevity. The commentary is great, not over the top but just right. 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,269730,24566301,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,tomatoes.dll,"I have waited a long time for a natural, non-arcadish golf game. I thought this was the one, and in many ways it is.What I want to know however, is why it seems that no developer is able to put out a golf game where the difficulty simulates true play.-22 on 18 holes?Obviously, this is someone who is cheating or doing the impossible of having multiple golfers of the same name all winning, but believe me, I have yet to play in a tourney where there weren't many, or most, people at -18 or better for a round.Either the game is just too easy for some, thus requiring the devs to consider making it more realistic, or in a twist of irony, cheaters are all over the place in the game of golf, which is the one sport of which I know that players admit to their own errors and take their penalties.I know these things about the game for sure:It does not FEEL arcadish in the play.the handicapping system is utterly being abused and needs to be revised.Playing the game is very fun, and it is definitely my favorite golf game to date.It is still not the game which makes it ""real"" in terms of scoring potential.I will always finish last when people are shooting -18 or better through 18 holes, and the game needs to ensure that can't happen if they want to truly make a great golf simulation.The game is beautiful in a different way, graphically. It uses many textures repeatedly, yet somehow that doesn't seem to matter and the scenary is still lovely. It is far more organic than the Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy franchises, but nevertheless, suffers the same level of either cheating or ease of beating they both do as well.I would recommend this game highly to anyone who just wants to play some rounds without concern for place in a match. I would highly discourage anyone who isn't a cheater and wants to score well against competition to spend the money; you won't win, and your handicap will never reflect it, for whatever reason."
76561197982860846,Recommended,269730,11819177,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,PTimmers,"The Golf Club is an exceptionally good golfing simulation marred with a few frustrations. Aside from an abundance of overly difficult courses to play and the blatant cheating by other online players, the game offers a very realistic playing experience where often times you'll hear yourself saying, ""thats exactly how this would play if I was out there myself."" The devolopers have promised throughout beta that they would continue to improve upon the game and actively work with players to create the best golf simulation they can. I know for myself, I keep being drawn back from other games to play this one day after day."
76561198157938464,Recommended,269730,18139994,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Brent,"enjoy the game very much, looking forward to more upgrades etc,good work"
76561198007613567,Recommended,269730,12602845,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,AUDave,I love the game of golf and I find my self experiencing the same raw emotions playing this game as I do on the real golf course.  For example when I sink a long put I'm up out of my chair fist pumping just like I would on the golf course after a same type of shot.  Then on the flip side I'm cussing up a storm when I miss hit or mess up a put.  It's why I keep coming back for more.I can pick up a quick game and stop in the middle of a round if need be and the game saves where I'm on the course automatically.  The graphics are great and works well on my laptop for easy portability for golf on the go.  I have played the game since early access and the dev team continues to listen to the players and continue to update the game.I cant say enough about the replay ability of this game due to the Course Designer and the multiple courses out there already.Huge thumbs up!
76561198028168014,Not Recommended,269730,24380396,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,bazilboom,In a word utterly pointless the golf ball never has and never will behave as it does in this game and the swing mechanics are trying to mimic Tiger Woods but fail as you can hit the same exact shot ten times and 3 of those times it screws with your power so in a 72 par round 20 odd shots will come up short but its a shame as graphically its well made but gameplay so poor dont waste your money.
76561197999488618,Not Recommended,269730,18575366,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,saphalond1971,I bought this game when it first came out and it has quickly gone downhill since that time.  Every patch makes it worse.  Now I cannot even complete a swing.  The club goes back about 20% then resets.  I have browsed their forums and many people have complained about this issue along with other graphical issues introduced in the latest patches.  They all agree that the game has gone to crap and no-one from the dev team has bothered to even respond to them.  This was a great golf game with a great course designer but now I cannot recommend it to anyone.
76561197993295672,Not Recommended,269730,23701831,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cheesehead,"I wasted 40 bucks on getting suckered into getting the tournament DLC. Don't fall for the same trick. Take that 40 bucks, and go out on a cheap blind date. It probably won't turn out worse than this game. Another option to have more fun would be to buy 40 bucks worth of golf balls, and run them over with a lawn mower.I really do hate taking my time to write negative reviews, but in this case, the other negative reviews are correct. I dislike golf in real life, but I have enjoyed video gaming ones in the past. I would rather watch golf on television instead of suffering through the mindless boredom and technical issues presented on this way over priced incarnation.I was hoping for maybe a playable golf games like the old and good Links games of the past. Whoopsie...First, the controls stink. For some odd reason, its easier to putt with a gamepad than it is with a mouse. on the reverse, driving and fairway hitting is easier with the mouse than with the gamepad. Driving is still inaccurate with the mouse, even if you use a straight edge to find out what you are doing wrong.There is now way to tell what you are doing wrong, either. You won't find any descriptions on how things work in the game. There are no visual cues to tell you either, besides a diagram on the right. No matter what I try, i always hook to the right unless I screw up, then the ball goes left.I am guessing this has to do with the graphics system because its bad. The games doesn't look very good, and trying to turn up the graphics in hopes to see something nice turns the game into a slide show. Don't let the screenshots fool you. They must be taken at perfect times, or simply photo-shopped.What I find completely inexcusable is that if you have an invidia card, chances are you have to download the beta patch to run the game in 32 bit mode. I can probably guess this is part of the reason the game runs like garbage.There are no AI golfers to play against or any sense of what made these games fun in the first place. There is no progression or interesting gaming type stuff. There are very few golfers to pick from, and they all look poor and boring. There is no way to overswing on driving for that risky crush of a hit. Ya, you can't do that in real life, but it made drving fun in other games. The only response you will get from the developer on this subject is the claim about about being a sim. This game is a failing of both aspects of being a game, and a simulation.The commentary makes me feel like calling an emergency hotline, as though I am about to lose my mind, and am in need of serious help. I suppose there might be some option to turn it off, but I do not intend to waste any more time playing anyways.I better stop before I decide to beat myself over the head with a 9 iron.P.S.I hope the developer chokes on my 40 bucks."
,Not Recommended,269730,11801661,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,IndyPapiChulo,"You would have more fun teeing up a turd, hitting it at full force with a driver and watching it explode. I know you want a golf game, but trust me this isn't it.This game runs embarrasingly inefficient. System specs:i7-4770K, OC'd 4.1 ghzGeforce GTX 770 (MSI TF n770)16 GB DDR3 ram3TB HDDZ87-g45 moboI can't get better than 31fps. When the game was in beta, I could get 60 in windowed mode, and 30 fullscreen. I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, but it sure as hell isn't optimized. And even if it were, the graphics look kinda clunky, second-rate. The reflections off the water are at times glaringly terrible. These were issues that were easy to overlook during Early Access. You know, things you expect to be fixed before launch. Oh how wrong we all were.This will be the last title I support in Early Access.The controls are really bad. You have no way to judge exactly how much swing you're applying, other than 100%. The power applied during the swing IS NOT PROPROTIONATE TO THE BACKSWING. Meaning, if you take a full backswing, and apply slow pressure upward, you could swing 10%, 45%, or hell maybe 88%. It's all a crapshoot. Instead of using a visual meter, you're supposed to learn to ""Feel"" the swing and the club.Sorry HB, that's not the way that games work. I'm not actually holding a club. I don't have Chubbs to show me the hip technique.The controls are especially terrible in your approach game. Need 60 yards with your Pitching wedge? Sorry, the closest we can do is full blast at 120 yards, good luck estimating your power for a half swing because your backswing has nothing to do with the result. Again, no visual standard. Oh, you didn't want to hit it 85 yards over the green and into the water? Better luck next time, because that's all it is, luck.Here's some other thoughts:-Announcer is painfully annoying. You'll want to kill him.-All the players look like they could have had the same parents.-Course creator is okay, but the finished product always looks rough.-Cheaters are using ""edging"" techniques to never hit anything but a straight shot. Have fun with that.-You can count the number of songs featured in the game on one hand. In fact, roughly half of your hand.-No crowd. No atmosphere.-No player progression. You'll always drive 100% max at 265 yards with no wind.-No live multiplayer.-No reason you should consider buying this game.Give me Tiger Woods 2004 on the Xbox over this any day of the week. I wish I could get my money back for this. Don't buy it.I know, you're thinking, ""But it's a golf game, it can't be that bad can it?"" It can, and it is, because people like me saw potential and the developer did not live up to it. They still got my money. Don't let them get yours."
76561198045202872,Not Recommended,269730,11866329,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Campbell,"I can play games like Battlefield 4, Metro Last Light, and Crysis 3 on max settings and 30 fps or more. This game worked PERFECT the first two rounds I played. Now the framerate drops to a point where it cannot be played without getting frustrated on every hole. If you like golf simulation I recommend this game, but the fps sucks, there's not much character customization, and the framerate SUCKS."
76561198016287376,Not Recommended,269730,11940459,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Clappers66,"I'm sorry, this is a terrible game. My experience is that the control system is unusable, the graphics are ok, there is no tutorial in the game, no guidance, limited ability to customise your golfer and no ability to upgrade/change clubs.It's frustrating,badly thought out and overpriced and I wish I'd not spent £27 of my hard earned cash on it."
,Not Recommended,269730,11804909,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,GetzThePuddin,"I got this game while it was still in alpha thinking ""It can only get better"" you know how much NOT better it got?? I did not know it wasnt in alpha anymore till I just looked at it on my Xbox ONE marketplace....This game was fun and the bugs it has were ok in alpha but not now....the rules are not there the clubs dont work how they are supposed to, you can hit your club the same way 3 times in a row and get different results everytime. I know they were going for a real feel with having no power meter for your shots but really guys its a video game.....Instead of playing this game that i thought i may like in the off season I nay just grab my clubs and go play in a thunder storm.....I am very sorry to the devs and to the people like me who bought this............3/10"
76561198023860480,Recommended,269730,9857021,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,baldthirst,Bout time we had a great golf game for PC again.. Thanks team!!!!
76561197993618170,Not Recommended,269730,10212226,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Rumcan,What a disapointing over priced low budget waste of money. maybe if developers of golf simulators could actually play golf.  Graphics are realy bad .. gameplay is terrible and the course creator is just a course generator .. you can edit as much as the bunker positions and some terian conditions. I can do that with Tiger woods TYVM
76561198086942928,Not Recommended,269730,11953065,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,dlgeorge,"This is the worst rip off I've ever encountered on Steam.  If I could get my money back, I would!   The game play using  the mouse and keyboard makes it totally unplayable.  $34.99,  No way!!"
76561198066993258,Not Recommended,269730,9903681,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Kick Rocks,"This game is still incredibly flawed. The games mechanics are still screwy and you can't even party up with your friends to play multiplayer. I purchased this game believing it would turn out to be a great golf sim but I am now regreting that decision.  The only thing it has going for it is the course creator, but who cares about making courses when you can't even play them properly."
76561197963943735,Not Recommended,269730,14399770,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,>>Rabid<<  Platypus,"I really wanted to like this game. Very good graphics, and I love golf games. Unfortunately this one just falls short. Very unintuitive controls with the KB/Mouse that got only slightly better when I hooked up a PS4 controller. Shot adjustments difficult to make, very inconsistent power output by your golfer.Having hundreds upon hundreds of hours in other golf games, I have to say Hot Shots is still a very solid golf game that is intuitive and has very realistic game physics. I am honestly sad this game didn't live up to the level of a game from 10 years ago. Oh well, uninstall and back to Hot Shot I guess.Don't waste your money unless you just want pretty enviornments."
76561198192716381,Not Recommended,269730,23868927,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Will Scarlett,"Don`t let the price tempt you as it did me, 12mins and I refunded it. Gfx are pretty much like the screenshots but the control system....Thats where it all goes down hill. Shots are so hit and miss it seems to be nothing more than a very pretty arcade golf game, Not what I was looking for."
76561198057511809,Not Recommended,269730,12192539,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,HUgeneral,A lot of problems! As I play actual golf this game seems nothing like it! Controls are terrible and there is not single player! I know the world of gaming is turning into this whole MMO thing but for a gold game that is not good! Graphics are sub par as well. Sounds are great though! I rate this a 4/10!
76561198010387815,Not Recommended,269730,12190986,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Lord Garth,"this game is not ready for prime time,  very limited flexibility from sand or rough.  the three position swing meter would be much preffered to the ""feel"" swing style of this game.  If you've actually played golf, you know that you would hit very different shots from what this game will allow.  This program needs alot of work."
76561197993235205,Recommended,269730,11826609,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Gol,"Really enjoying The Golf Club, especially taking on new courses every round. The physics and swing mechanics are strong (I'm a big fan of Links 2004 and am playing with an Xbox controller) and while it will take a while to feel comfortable (there are no swing meters) once you can use the advanced ball control to fine tune your distances the game becomes a lot more fun.It can look beautiful, though there are a couple of shadowing glitches I've seen, but the core golf game here I really like. Some user created courses are devilish, some creators are truly evil with the slope they put on greens, but for the most part courses are made with love and some of the official courses are very good (but I do find some are too simple). I've been playing since early access and the game has made dramatic improvements, something I hope continues post release but The Golf Club is a fantastic game for those who won't miss character progression or career modes."
,Recommended,269730,9876323,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,FruitCake,Great game! Funny commentary. A little bit laggy for a golf game. I can run Bioshock Infinite on max with no lag but this one lags.. High hopes for this game.
,Recommended,269730,9861555,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Trinian,"This is the first early access version. There are obviously bugs and the developers want feedback to improve the game. I shall not go over the game's features as it is all early work, but I will just note the following.If your going to want to start playing with the mouse, I would advise leaving it a while before you buy, as you may be frustrated.If you want to use game pad or can put up with the mouse for the moment and want to help improve the experience, then get it!I do recommend it as it should just keep on getting better and better."
,Recommended,269730,21794977,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tidreit,The game..
76561198154103016,Not Recommended,269730,12067399,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,clancy_pm,"After d/l The Golf Club, I found out that I cannot play because my video card is insufficient to run DirectX 11..it seems you need a DDI of at least 11, and my card is 10.1,  or you need to buy a new video card....sure would have been nice to know that BEFORE purchasing, because I am being told that I can't get a refund ($34.99).If you are considering this game, or any other, find out if your system will allow you to play..other wise you spend a lot of money for a d/l that won't work."
76561197981376995,Not Recommended,269730,27750074,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Duke_sc,"I've played Links, PGA Tour, and Tiger Woods over the years.  This has to be the most boring golf game I've yet come across. I was lured in by the promise of stunning graphics, but to be honest they're more reminiscent of a playstation game of yesteryear than up to the minute Pc graphics. But the game itself has no atmosphere.  There's a guy...a very fed up sounding guy who makes dull comments about your game.  There's no crowd to cheer when you hit a great shot, and no funny quips when you hit a howler.  To be fair maybe there is a whole lot more when you get to the tournaments, but as you have to slog away to get a good enough handicap to reach the tournaments I couldn't say.  Another thing worth mentioning is the realism of the ball.  No matter how you hit it from the tee it lands and bounces exactly the same everytime.  In the very old pga tour, sometimes your ball could run for ages and slide of the fairway, or hit a hill and come to a dead stop.  Don't know what game to look at now for a decent game of golf.  I wish Links 2003 would still run on windows 10 :("
76561197988809721,Not Recommended,269730,11795337,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Drew,"It was sold as a multiplayer game, it is not"
76561198005958382,Not Recommended,269730,11796246,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,maddog,"Wait ....I spent $35 and not even able to play it, you can't connect to the servers....if you just want to play, it's fun, but if you expect to play any tournments or the tour, it takes an internet connection, and you could be hours trying to connect....I would have expected alot more from the developers....Read the reviews before you decide to buy this...."
,Recommended,269730,9865942,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,SickenedMaggot,"I like the concept and Idea behind this. Gameplay is ok, hope it will get smoother, its early yet.  I love the course editor."
76561198098756982,Recommended,269730,30896144,Posted: 2 April,all,WollKnoll,game is fun
76561197970429546,Not Recommended,269730,24698498,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Spirit of Jazz,"Well, basically the game doesn't work. Ok, let me correct myself, kind of. It does work, but the control system doesn't.It doesn't matter if you use mouse/keyboard, a PC gamepad or an XBox controller on your PC (I've used all 3). You will always hit a number of shots at 85% power, despite doing a full power swing. The likelihood of this seems to increase with your framerate. The higher the framerate, the more likely you are to hit underpowered shots. It's as if the engine is skipping input samples the faster it goes or some such.Anyway, avoid at all costs. So much promise but ultimately let down by shoddy coding in the most important area of the game."
76561198037416581,Recommended,269730,10047310,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Cpl Dwayne Hicks.,look for yourslefhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k90WWTFqdQ
76561198108364674,Recommended,269730,10020024,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,onenut1978,This is a good game. I just purchased it and cant wait for the full game!!!  EA has nothing on this!!!
,Not Recommended,269730,11849724,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,2bitsolutions,"Pros: No loading screens between each hole. Graphics are okay but not nearly as good as Tiger Woods. Create a course is a very good idea but is not very easy to use and many of the courses I've seen created are very horsey in terms of their design and make it difficult to progress.Cons: Nearly impossible to hit 100% shot without using your mouse. Many holes you get in a situation where you need to be able to hit 100% shot and if you do not, you end up in the drink. The game is lacking content in terms of campaign modes. There is no golf shop to get better gear. The create a golfer is not robust, leaving you with a very lackluster golfer that looks very bland with no characteristics.Advice To The Developers: Please take a minute to realize that there are many holes in the games that require you to be able to hit 100% shots. I do not mind that I'm not able to hit 100% shot as I feel that adds a realesitic touch to the game but at the same time, it's very frustrating to reach a hole where you cannot progress due to the design of the course. Also consider adding more unique content such as a true campaign mode for us player who do not care to play tournaments 24/7. Perhaps even add in challenge style mini games to enhance replayability.Rating: 2.5 stars out of 5"
76561198148329482,Not Recommended,269730,11609740,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,gvancleve,"Unable to play the game.  ""FATAL ERROR"",  ""Direct3D 11 compute  Shaders are Not Available"". "" Continue""Game play unavailable. Steam comes up, ready to play.  Doesn't play at all.  Clears screen. And now contesting my PayPal Payment.  Mail to Support, unanswered.  Read that as NO reply.  Nothing."
76561198024398883,Not Recommended,269730,11991980,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,BigChickenDinner,Waste of money.  I don't even know where to begin.  Everything about this game sucked.
76561198031856615,Recommended,269730,12166571,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Davey,Love the feel for the game here. looking forward to playing real players in the Tournaments
76561198012855673,Not Recommended,269730,13154940,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ramey Noodles,"This game had the potential to be the best golf game ever made, but failed miserably... The gameplay is flawed to say the least, nothing is quite right. The feel of the swing, the ball physics, the shot setup, and putting are just wrong. The commentary is miserable, and the graphics are poorly optimised and don't really look all that good. The menus are confusing and obviously made for consoles. The multiplayer just sucks, there are really no avatar customizations, you can't see the other players take their shots, and setup for multiplayer is abysmal. Even the couse designer leaves a lot to be desired.This game feels like it's still in Alpha, or Beta at best. Don't waste $35 on it."
76561198140090760,Not Recommended,269730,10812300,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,donjoh,"I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS GAME AT ALL FOR ANY PC/KEYBOARD USER!No keyboard commands to change/ Default is Joystick, and if you don't have a joystick, you can't play this game without guess what each command is. Horrible game and development for PC. go back to console!"
,Recommended,269730,12945757,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Stoli,"I find that every club used in this game relates directly to a weapon I use in dust II, and that this is an amazing way to practice awping on dust II.It's kind of like dust II but for practice."
,Recommended,269730,10216133,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,stig atle,"The best golf game for PC.I really enjoy this game, the graphics is good, gameplay is good, I love the fact that there is no loading time between holes.Works perfectly with Xbox controller and Steam Streaming after last update.I really enjoy this game, and I'm sick and tired of the usual Tiger woods games and such, so this is a real fresh breath of air to the golf games."
76561197967436573,Recommended,269730,18697493,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,intruder.weasel,Installed Windows 10 and all other apps have worked fine.  Opened The Golf Club and had a game crash.  Reporting information 2015-10-26-124056
76561198154292968,Recommended,269730,23409594,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dbrum7,"Great, realistic game with tons of customization."
76561198031677351,Not Recommended,269730,28685510,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kettlefish,"Very poor response to controls . Dell Inspiron I5, Intel graphics,   Windows 10."
,Recommended,269730,19133402,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,[A-53] BenWatki,if you want to get p**sed off in a matter of seconds then buy this game its well worth it.
,Not Recommended,269730,28150718,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,bandit521,Game still has issues. Put it away for months due to issues and decided to try it again today. Couldnt get to the menus because it was acting like there was a key being held down. Tried resetting controls to no avail. Ill put it away for a few more months...
76561198133675025,Recommended,269730,9870819,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,gthreeputt2,"I have an intel 4600 graphics card in a new computer, the game is playable if I put it on low resolution. It seems a little sluggish for putting and golf swings but I assume that will get better as the game is tweaked. 3 stars out of 5 right now and hoping it will improve without changing the video card."
,Recommended,269730,9878660,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Bedpan JiggyBones,"The Dark Souls of Golf.Despite the fact that you need a NASA computer to run this game on Low settingsas of this moment, its still a solid Golf Sim. 7/10"
76561197972184716,Recommended,269730,9889663,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,EasyRhino248,"I think this game shows a lot of promise but It really needs skill levels and swing assistance for those who need it, then it would really open it up to everyone."
76561198061369475,Recommended,269730,9898002,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Ace49,looks great but cant get any keyboard game controller mouse or anything to work in game love golf games too maybe another 30 dollars wasted
,Recommended,269730,9986510,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,mooP,"The best golf game for PC to date.  Once they let you adjust feet position/club face angle, maybe ball strike position, it'll be even better.  It's in early access but has tons of potential and the devs are listening.  Price is very reasonable for what you get, and this is still beta"
,Recommended,269730,9866250,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Adrien Remaz,"I love this! As a golfer myself, it's very appealing to the eyes even though it's early access at the moment and plays very well. The greens are slow, and putting is mostly frustrating because you know in real life you'd make that putt. This is suprisingly well done for an early access game. I don't very much like the online leaderboards seeing as I'm a solo-oriented gamer. In my head, no one's better than me at golf xP Golf is sacred in my opinion. But I'd love to see some choice as to whether or not I want to play online, which I don't.I love playing all the courses. It's great unadulterated fun and I can't wait until the game is done development-wise. I recommend this for all golfer-gamers everywhere."
76561197970699013,Recommended,269730,9881134,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,dodie,"This golf is great graphics are running on high and it runs greatI like the swing as it ,its like playing golf.The only thing id like to see is a driving range and putting green to practies putting and chipping on."
,Recommended,269730,9892732,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,tahoescrub,great golf game..graphics are super
76561197983382700,Recommended,269730,9895637,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Kingdanglerbk,"The Golf ClubReal life placement of where you hit the ball! So, if you hit it in the tress or shallow water, you will then be behind them trees or in that water but still able to hit it out! I had on shank drive go on another holes fairway and got to play back towards my green from there!The game feels like real putting and real GOLF during shot previews and when you hit the ball! Nothing like tiger woods game where the game would basically show you everything, putt previews, before shot line of where it will go and much more non realistic♥♥♥♥♥♥ The Golf Club will kind of show you where the ball will land (in a given area) but that can be toggled off.Easy to use controls and gorgeous courses! And the best part is people and even you can make your own course, which is not impossible! Then share the course with the world! Then people can rate it and favorite it. Plus the way multi player is handle no is with ghost of other players round, which you can pick who you want to show, best part is this can be done all on the fly as you play your round!I'm addicted and this is so bare bones of what it will be! I can't wait for different clubs and skills points to make golfers more uniquely skilled. I could care less about making my golfer look different or changing his outfit. The career and tour modes will add more of that because I see where they have spots in the UI to show and have you accumulate points.There is probably a few other details I'm missing but I will update this as I remember more reasons why I love this game so much!"
76561197983086853,Recommended,269730,9903085,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,-=DOD=-TOPCAT,i like golf but when it up its all dark and ol off no grass just black please guys get this fixed il recommend this game when  you can play it  ok
76561198027783122,Recommended,269730,9924131,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Slayerformayor,"Very solid game thus far. A few qualms. Not being able to skip through the entire shot animation is fairly annoying. After a while, you just get bored with seeing the post-shot animation or waiting for a ball to stop rolling. Also, the putting never feels quite right. It might be that it simply takes some getting used to, but there's not really much of a guide to it. I don't know what generates speed, pulling the putter back a certain distance or how quickly I shift to the forward position on the analog stick...or both. Just really confusing. Not a lot of clarification, making putting one of the single most frustrating things about the game...much like actual golf, I suppose.Overall, though...amazing game. For an early access build, the game reeks of polish. I would like some more options with shot setup, such as foot placement, pinpointing feel (pulling the shot back to the target and utilizing the percentage listed there to make the adjustment), and slope degredation from golfer to target would allow shot setup to be more user-friendly. Hopefully, some of these options will be available at retail, but if they aren't, it's still a great golf game...and it's on PC. And that's a rare thing."
76561197984550585,Recommended,269730,9885486,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,HagDawg,"Very good for a golf simulator that is licensed by the PGA. It's currently in version 0.1 and is very good. Many (most) of the modes are not available right now, but the course creator is.If you have played Tiger Woods PGA Tour in the past, try this game out. The graphics are just as good as what you see in the screenshots. Just keep in mind that this has an entirely different feel to it. Putting is completely different, hitting is completely different."
76561198006286402,Recommended,269730,9895423,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,acidbottle,"Its been a very barren time for golf sim fans for too long. EA have sat back and left a void that suprisingly noone has filled, until now.Its playable, enjoyed the round of golf and looks mostly great, the trees are pretty terrible though and theres a tonne of pop up in the scenery even at high settings. Everything else though looks quite sharp, bit more polish on the visuals and menu for any 'next/current gen' talk required for me. I also hope they can grab some licensing on this title, tournaments and players. Whilst creating your own courses is great, some folk just want to play golf!It is early access so dont expect a full featured polished AAA title. That said, its a great start and hopefully the updates dont take long to start rolling out."
76561198057783436,Recommended,269730,9940837,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Retroman,"I think this golf game has the potential to be very good. Most my complaints are with the Ui, I would like to see the distance to the hole and distance of the clubs more refined. I also would like to be able to change my club and move the marker when i am   using the view hole /zoom in feature to plan my shot. Other than that this game is very good, Graphics are ok , Shadows are a little bit quirky but overall its a very good golf game. I would recommend this game to any golf fan."
,Recommended,269730,9886406,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,JBags,"I have a purpose built laptop to game on. I can typically run games on full graphics and I have to run it on low to get it at a playable frame rate. Also, how do I edit my golfer? For one I'm left handed, so if I can get my guy on the correct side of the ball that'd be awesome. Fun so far though"
76561197991869351,Recommended,269730,9908522,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,cwilkey,This game is already amazing and can only get better!
76561198018951024,Recommended,269730,9924681,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,**CaZhou**,"Bought this as the reviews I read were all good. While the game looks nice it is really difficult to play using the mouse and keyboard therefore I have sent off for an analouge controller, perhaps I may then manage to get some low scores. The game is not finished yet and no updates on how long we have to wait for new patches. Once bought it would be nice to have some information regarding patches from steam."
76561198134011393,Recommended,269730,14683056,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,FirstBlitzer Au,"Great golf game, stunning graphics, realistic in game physics, a real golf experiance, best golf game ever."
,Recommended,269730,14987801,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,(CDN) iceman,awsome game
76561198133673680,Recommended,269730,9875571,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,nukelaloosh44,"In Summary, so far so good.  Game physics are spot on, gaphics are excellent and the course creator has a ton of potential.I am a high school golf coach and avid golfer (both video game golf and the real thing) I have played just about every golf game out there and ""The Golf Club"" could be the best of all time IF it improves upon the following (my opinion of course)1.  Golf course graphics need more variety.  Trees, shrubs, water and rocks all start looking the same after playing for just 2 hours.2.  Course creator needs to give players the ability to create courses that mimic real life golf courses.  For example, it would be incredibly cool if someone from the community created Augusta National or Pebble Beach!I LOVE the game so far and am excited to see it evolve into a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,269730,9884254,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Choncy12,"Good game for early access.  I am looking forward to what they do with the ""official release"".Hopefully the controls are worked out.  I will definetly be back.  It is a good start."
76561198133756648,Recommended,269730,9904055,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Rockrider,"wow awesome game !...great design , glad i found it !...i'm a newbie and not very good at it at all, but its tons of fun !"
76561198008013963,Recommended,269730,9905024,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,fsupple1,"I've played the game three or four times now.  The Coronada course is splendid and ther others are very good.  I'm not scoring well, but that will come.  I won't make any suggestions  now as I know you are working on the game.  I'll let you get down the road a little more.  Of the things I have read on the forum that have already been suggested the one that stands out in my mind is having a note pad so can write notes about holes as you play for reference in future games on a course.  Otherwise, so far so good and no reason to tink it will not get even better."
76561198018132807,Recommended,269730,13059572,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,hellspawn™,game is great. graphics look amazing if you like tiger woods golf youl love this.you can also create corses too
76561198138727386,Recommended,269730,24537820,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Southt,"Awesome Game ... Been looking and I found it, Thanks !!!!"
,Recommended,269730,24254717,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kickmehardonatreadmill,Fun game besides its not realistic! Fun to play with friends and family!!
,Recommended,269730,31401556,Posted: 27 April,all,stevechurch2222,"excellent game well worth the money can't wait til  the golf club 2 digital comes out for the computer due to release on june 27,2017 on the pc,x box1 and play stsstion 4."
76561198241410286,Not Recommended,269730,28994702,Posted: 3 January,all,Trainwreck071302,"I really want to like this game.  It has the potential to be a fantastic golf simulator, but its just a total mess.  Even after being out as long as it has been.  You really roll the dice because from what I've read in other reviews the game either runs great for you or doesn't run at all.  I'm well past the point where I can return it but I wish I had.  From huge spikes and dips in frame rate, to terrain suddenly becoming exaggerated (think small hills becoming mountains) to the whole forest ending up in the sky.  It will run fine for a while, then it will just stop working arbitrarily.  Most recently I just freezes after launch.  This is on a computer that is very much capable of running this game.  Do yourself a favor and stay away.  The game play is great but it's not worth the headaches."
,Recommended,269730,16116025,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,khamakazee,"I recommend the game but with hesitation. The single player campaign is severely lacking as far as progression like normal games go. There is a new seasons mode but it's not done very well. You just try and advance, that's it. Where the game truly shines is the created courses. There are hundreds if not thousands of courses to choose from. Too many have high winds but that is supposed to make it challenging. I'd like a better filtering process and I heard it's coming.If you really want to get involved in the game and have some fun join the TGC Tours website(tgctours.com). They host weekly tournaments and the people there are great. You will be placed in a category with the intention of moving up the ladder to the PGA or European tours but best of luck, lots of great players out there.The game itself has a few quirks I'd like to get off my chest. First is the inconsistency at times when using a XBox 360 controller. At least once a round you will have a drive just go sideways on you even though you think you hit a good shot. The fairway bunkers and rough can also be questionable since it's almost always impossible to get a decent approach shot with a chance to get back on the green if you are any distance away. One area that takes skill is putting much like real golf. Only here you will quickly find out most putts seem to be downhill, even when you go past the pin and the return putt is also downhill. Make sense? I'd say about 75% of my putts have a downhill grade to it. I and others have also witnessed the 92% bug that comes up once in awhile. What it means is your swing is at 92%. Doesn't happen often but it does occur. The commentary can get grading at times too. I turn it off now but then it gets even more boring because you have no crowds to cheer you on.The game itself looks good, not great. It does not run very efficiently when I'm checking my CPUID monitor gauges. My guess is because it loads the whole course to make load times non existent. Good trade-ff for some, maybe not for others. The customization of the characters is a bit of a joke. The real meat of the game is the course creation so don't expect any RPG elements here or new gear. The physics and gameplay isn't bad and because I love golf I can give it some leeway since the really isn't much else to play at the moment. There is a new PGA game coming but only for the new consoles so until then this is about it for any sim like golf game.Overall I'd say about a 7/10. Not bad for a first attempt."
76561198064122781,Not Recommended,269730,9892901,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,DoGgs,"If you are a AMD user the BEWARE! you will more than likely experience poor performance and be forced to play on low settings...more importantly  you WILL suffer the most annoying screen tearing in the history of gaming, it has got to the point where i cannot even finish 18 holes without graphic corruption kicking in, and i am not alone, there are plenty with the same problem.  This game once looked promising and was heading for greatness but now it's just a complete mess unless of course you are using intel/nvidia then you will have a blast...you have been warned! simply cannot recommend based on AMD issues. Gameplay is enjoyable enough but lacks a challenging swing mechanic, it's just too simplistic."
,Recommended,269730,32366866,Posted: 12 June,all,ubergusterfan,"I thoroughly enjoy this game.  It has taken a lot of practice, and while the lack of visual feedback annoyed me at first, it led me to really think about what I was doing, and it felt like I was learning and improving much like if I was actually learning a new sport.  It made it so much more rewarding when I finally learned to swing correctly.  I would like to be able to increase my driving distance somehow, but I still prefer this game to the EA golf games by a mile."
76561198269041088,Recommended,269730,28115229,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ken,I love golf games and this one is much better than I expected it to be.You have to have a basic understand of the game of golf to enjoy this one tho.........Definitely room for this in my library alongside Powerstar and Rory Mcilroy.
,Not Recommended,269730,11687267,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,HoOdeh,"This review does not reflect my true playing time as I used my other account too.UPDATE : I am not happy anymore. Things have only gotten worse. The updates have done nothing for the gameplay and is still just aimed at console, not PC gamers, I mean really, there is no effort here. Please create a decent career mode and online multiplayer. Seems more and more haphazard 3/10"
76561198076825129,Not Recommended,269730,11782723,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MICHAEL DOUGLAS,"Well I originally gave this title a lot of credit, 10 months ago.  It was playable, had potential and seemed like it was going somewhere good.  However, having just picked up the game again after a long hiatus **ahem Perfect Golf** I have not seen the improvements and FEATURES that are essential to a great golf game.-Optimization has been improved but the issues linger.  That's a problem!-Most importantly LOBBY.  Why in the world has this not been added?  Golf is a competitive game, and yet the ways for players to connect and compete are just not there.  That's a problem!-The swing mechanics and ball-turf interaction are still as poor as I remember, back when it was in EA.I'm sure you all have heard of Perfect Golf.  It's not the prettiest golf sim but it is far more authentic, if that is indeed what you are looking for in a golf game.Also, it's had a functioning lobby since day one EA."
76561198003988770,Recommended,269730,17238828,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,tart1flette,good game
76561198019703020,Not Recommended,269730,34775337,Posted: 6 September,all,derrick.humphrey,"Worst golf game bar none. I never played such an unresponsive game in all my days.It's as if the game decides already what ""IT"" wants to do or not do. Controls react like you have boxing gloves on and have no sensitivity at all. CRAP CRAP AND MORE CRAP"
76561198070129474,Not Recommended,269730,20655117,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Drgnslyr221,"A lot of potential here, but the developers have made it clear that they have no interest in addresing the lack of difficulty in this game. Hot shots golf is deeper than this game is. The GNCD course creator is the only saving grace on this game."
76561198051296297,Not Recommended,269730,24409955,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,stevejmartin82,"I have played many golf games over the years and this is by far the worst. There is no character development (acquiring extra shots, training of shots, increasing distances) etc.The courses are either too easy or ridiculously difficult with really long holes (a problem when you can only drive 265 yards) and bunkers everywhere.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS UTTER RUBBISH."
76561198275523390,Not Recommended,269730,20522499,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,phillrturner,"A waste of money, cannot get it to go full screen. Just sits as a small window in middle of screen. Often fails while loading.Do not buy this rubbish.Seems I have wasted £30.00 on this."
,Recommended,269730,10197206,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,FlaGuitars,Great game !!!!  Although the game is still in development it is already my fav golf game out there and its only gonna get better. If you are even thinking of  buying this I would say you should have bought it yesterday.  Just make sure your graphic card is DX11 compatible. Dont check dxdiag... it will probaly tell ya you have dx11 installed but that doesnt mean you card can handle dx11 so check out the specs of your video card itself.
,Recommended,269730,11847365,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Skittle,"Amazing game!This is by far the best golfsim I've played. In my opinion, this is a much better golfsim than TW.Here's a few comments from me about the game:+ Moderate good physics when it comes to ball movement, bounce, etc.+ You can create your own golf courses. Amazing ability to do so, many different courses out there created by users!+ A lot of official courses.+ Tournaments, run by unoffial sides.+ Unique Swing Technique. Unlike other games, there's no power-meter and no 3-click swing ability. Don't panic, it takes only a couple try's to get used to it. It also provides a much better experience and challenge.+ Great graphics+ Good community and good staff. Lets hope they keep updating the game with new stuff!+ Not a single round is same!- There's a way to cheat to get a straight shot everytime. It's totally up to every individual to use it. But it also takes most fun away.- You really fall quickly down in HCP. There should've been a better system for that.Buy, play and enjoy! See you out there, golfers!"
76561198002406067,Recommended,269730,9857592,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Paleface619,"I just finished my first 9 holes and i have to say the game is GREAT so far.I golf for real once a week or so and I have to say this game is the closest to real golf I have seen. There are no gimmicks here. I didn't even bother with mouse/keyboard. By this point every PC gamer should own a good controller (I have a flight stick too), invest in a XBox, PS3/4 or PC gamepad controller.The way you set up is like in real life, you can choose draw or fade, high or low shots using the joystick. The putting seems really good so far too.I have not had any crashes or bugs. Yes it runs a little slow but my rig is modest and it is extremely playable. As for the lack of content reviews, there is a course creator in here. I have not tried it yet but that should be amazing."
76561198048749992,Not Recommended,269730,33114301,Posted: 1 July,all,Jorji Costava,"did i just pay $30 to beta test? i was told this was a finished game, it clearly wasn't. the tools are aweful. don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want a discount on TGC 2! I'm not paying full price for what should have been in the original."
76561197981019045,Not Recommended,269730,18207206,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,GreyGhosst,"The game itself is nice the control scheme does not work for the disabled/handicapped community which the traditional three click method does for almost all. Even with numerous requests on forums and community pages, the developer continually turns their back on the disabled. With the cold shoulder HB Studios  is offering I can in no way endorse this game or any future endeavors from this developer."
76561198050994617,Not Recommended,269730,18360503,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,grinch6566,"I like the game. I have trouble getting game to load on first try. Sometime it can take upwards to six or more time for game to load. The constant babble of the narrator is annoying. The developers could spend more time on the narrators comments. I hope in the furture that the game will improve, As of right now I would not recommend anyone download this game. I expected better from steam."
,Not Recommended,269730,16197350,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,zyzil,"I want to like this game; however, bugs and horrible performance cause me to not to be able to enjoy it.  I don't have a high-end computer by any means; however, my AMD A8-4500m quad core with 8GB memory/Radeon 7640g is enough to play most of my games at my laptops native resolution at 50+ FPS.  This game I can't even get smooth with the lowest settings at 640x480."
76561198000100155,Not Recommended,269730,16567546,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Pope Of Grope,"make this game playable by(A) having a swing meter like evey other good golf game.(B) have a swing meter . .(c) maybe implement some kind of 'gauge' type thing on the screen so you might have some clue as to what strength to hit the ball . .(D) swing meter guys . . .(E) just patch a swing meter into the game . . the 3 click style for pc users. .  click to start the swing power meter, click again to stop it on the desired power on the meter, then click again on the meters return for draw/fade or snap shot. .do this and this game will be brilliant. .  it has great fluid motion in camera pans and character animation and great detail in the courses.as it stands this game is frustrating and i end up quiting because its uncontrolable. fix it and i would recomend it others."
76561197966979201,Recommended,269730,14478251,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Little Foot Brontosaurus,Best golf sim ever.
76561198188445406,Not Recommended,269730,18118211,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,PhantomDW,"The Golf Club is a good game if you're an Xbox player or Play Station play,but not so for PC golfers. For one thing, everything is set up regarding console contolers and joy sticks. A computer mouse for games has 10 times the sensitivity of a Xbox controller, and 10 times the computer reading the data  the controller sends to it. Second, they seem to upgrade whenever they want, never telling you what the upgrade is, but they will tell you they tested all out, Question is, what did they test it on, certsinly not a computer.At first all of us former EA Sports players though finally someone has created a nice golf sim for PC golfers, but it seems this  game is just like EA sports console version, they just don't care about PC golfers, just like EA Sports and TW golf.My best advice, don't invest in this game if you're a PC golfer, try Perfect Golf or go play TW08 again."
76561198010364326,Not Recommended,269730,24017862,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,andrewjm222,Eh a better golf game than some but its just kinda eh. Get it on sale if you want but it was not worth the full $29.99 for me.
,Not Recommended,269730,11993229,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,TheDutchCoder,"Do you like to poke yourself in the eye with rusty nails?Do you love random launch trajectories?Did you accidentally vote for Mitt Romney at one point?Do you like torturing small animals?Did your parents never love you?Do you like a game that punishes you for doing things right?If you answered ""yes"" to any of the questions above, boy, is this the game for you!The ""golf"" club (I put that in quotation marks, because this game really has little to do with actual golf) is just choke full of problems that will make you want to hurt yourself.- Terrible performance, even on a middle to high end system;- Random launch trajectories, even from the tee;- Club ranges are ""suggestions"", they will often be off by 10 or so yards;- Swing power is dependant on framerate, which works great with the terrible perfomance;- Waiting for a 10 second arbitrary animation to finish is just delightful;Let me give you a realistic walkthrough of what will happen when you play this game:1. Fire up a random course after you've worked your way through the fairly unresponsive UI;2. Wait 10 seconds for your golfer to do some random animation, while you can't actually do anything (great);3. Notice the 15mph blasting windspeeds;4. Make an unnatrural backswing;5. Ram the controller stick forward with just the right amount of speed and power;6. See your ball fly at 89% power;7. Wonder what the hell is going on;8. Restart the course.Repeat this loop for about 8 to 10 times, untill, by the grace of the Almighty, you finally hit your tee shot with 100% power, while you didn't really do anything different.Great! Right?Nope... Same thing for every single shot in this game.You take your time figuring out how you're going to approach this green with 130 yards to go and 15mph headwind.You club up, twice maybe, yeah that's about right.You take that nice swing, everything feels great, the terrible backswing animation plays and you let 'er rip. Straight as an arrow that swing! The shot indicator in the right lower corner shows it: perfect straight line.But wait...From the git-go, your ball flies at a 5 degree angle to the left, eventhough you were on fairly even ground. Strange.What!?How did that ball go over the pin by 20 yards? Don't I have 15mph headwind?Just like yardage on your clubs. Wind is a ""suggestion"". It really is just quite random, except for sidewind, where 5mph will blow your ball an average of 30 yards to the side. Completely realistic!I need a ♥♥♥♥ing drink..."
,Recommended,269730,13561012,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Troopa,"Poorly optimized. I meet all the recommended specs for this game and yet I have to set the launch options to medium, and turn everything to minimum.Otherwise, the game is fun, the golf is fun and the course designer is very good and easy to use."
76561198018808132,Recommended,269730,9860752,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Copperhead,"Basically junk at my end for the moment. I get almost zero graphics except for the menus no matter what resolution I use. Enter playing mode of the game and I get a flag with yardages on a black background.Enter the course creator and I get an error message of ""too many threads"".I'm really hoping this turns into a keeper!"
76561198024501115,Not Recommended,269730,9882182,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Razr_Kriptix_vx,"HELP PLEASEWhen i load up the game instead of showing a golf course in the background like i have seen it just shows up as black ground, pink trees and white sky. Then if I try and play a game it puts me on the tee box just fine but then after i have driven it bounces just fine then says I am in water. It stays black ground and pink trees and white sky even when I am playing a round. It is still the same when creating a course. When I try and play it is basically unplayable. I need help please. Does anyone know how to fix this or is it just an early access bug?"
,Not Recommended,269730,13597956,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Druxk,"This game used to run great on my mid-high setup. Now it runs like trash. I don't know what happened to the display optimization, but it has all but dissipated."
76561198016454199,Not Recommended,269730,17598522,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Mr.X,"DO NOT BUY!Waste of your money, badly optimized PC game, crashes constantly, crap options for a PC to change graphic settings, lots of bugs like trees in the way at start of a tee, player disappearing on tee off, and this is a full release? 2/10 for effort, overall for game 0/10 Refund requested.Steam should not even allow such games on their store, If this had been a early access than the above could be lived with, but seems this is supposed to be a finished game, i repeat DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,269730,24307490,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,neverknowsbest,Tiger? Tiger who?
76561197970386740,Recommended,269730,23043912,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,FapGambit3000,simply have a swing stick option for 2 player?!??!? my friends left stick i swing right. sort it out simpletons.
76561198002023931,Not Recommended,269730,29858926,Posted: 11 February,all,paulhan,"No spin to speak of.  Absolutely none.  My usual score on an 18 hole course is +14-+19.  About to give up on it and try Jack Nicklaus Perfect Golf.   Always mishit approach shots, always come up short on putting."
,Recommended,269730,10024890,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,St0rKiE,By far the best golf game in the market. Graphic is awsome and game play is one of if not the best you can expect.
76561198132671854,Recommended,269730,9870141,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,jjpitz1,"I recommend this game with a few caveats. Make sure to get a controller. You can get a 360 controller for $30 and had best buy price match it. Plugs right into the PC, no setup required. Graphics are fairly nice, frame rate is pretty bad, course editor is great, and it's much more of a sim than a casual golf game. And for now you can only play a single round.Does anyone know how to get in touch with the developers? The putting system needs help badly. You can't look at the contour of your whole putt and you pretty much have to guess how hard to hit it. All you know is your putter hits it 105 feet at full swing. The rest is a guessing game. Same with iron and wedge shots. There is no marker/meter/percentage...anything to indicate where your swing should stop/how far to hit it. So you basically have to hit it 100% or risk hitting it 40%. This part REALLY needs work and I hope they fix it because if not, the final product will be an unenjoyable expereience. Also, when you preview your shot there is no reticle whatsoever, so you have no idea if you're going to hit it into or over a fairway bunker, water, etc. It's pretty bad.I'm recommending it because of the core game that is in place. But if the developers don't make serious gameplay improvements, it could ultimately end up being a pretty bad game."
76561198034547108,Not Recommended,269730,13504446,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KingAcorn85,"In it's current state, it isn't worth 5 dollars. The course editor is horrible with few options and it's impossible to work. The game is so unoptimized I can barely play it on low settings. The controls were mapped by someone who has never played video games and the controller support shouldn't even be considered ""partial"". Do not buy this game for anything over 5 dollars. (currently)"
76561198166863110,Recommended,269730,13340955,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,chloebecks1,"A very realistic golf game, the nest step from the TW series, check it out."
,Not Recommended,269730,14376292,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Shag,"Visually nice (I have a good rig), controllably horrible and inconsistent."
,Not Recommended,269730,9957219,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Gustav Graves,"When I saw the trailer of this game, I figured I just had to have it, I went to GameStop to purchase another Steam card to buy it. The trailer is very deceptive/alluring, too bad the gameplay looks/feels nothing like it does in the trailer.I knew there'd be problems as soon as the menu took forever just to scroll through. I know it's in its beta stage, but this is inexcusable. Tiger Woods PGA 2001 ran much smoother than this does...My graphics card is able to support games like Skyrim, the Elder Scrolls Online, GTA 4, and Flight Simulator X on MAX settings with absolutely NO lag/frame rate issues. NONE. When I played this, I had to set the graphics quality to LOW and it was STILL laggy, so if its lagging on your end, trust me, it isn't YOUR card's fault.This has a lot of potential, and I hope they fix it up a LOT more before the launch date."
,Not Recommended,269730,14289428,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,dbg2017,was anybody elses game glitchy?
76561197972459071,Recommended,269730,10040953,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,™Fidgetydigit,"I dont recommend this if you dont own a controler. It's nearly impossible to play. That being said, I bought a Logitech contoller ($24.99) and it's like night and day, game plays great. My thumbs up is as much based on the potential of the game as the scenery. Which is spectacular. As is, the game is probably not worth the price, but they seem focused on improving it."
76561197972398393,Recommended,269730,9860947,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Crispy_T,"I am learning to love the 360 controller, but would still like the option of tri-click (old school). The graphics are nice even if the trees are a little spritey. My biggest hope is that they let you party up for multiplayer.  I have no issue with the ghost balls you see with folks in your ""party"" now but would be much cooler if you could have all those people as friends who are also playing. My only ""Early Access"" comment is that twice I have had it lock up, requiring me to reboot my computer. Other than that, a very solid and fun game.I am excited to see how this progresses."
76561198131310063,Recommended,269730,15299431,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,kgall,"The trigger buttons worked at first now, after a update they do not work anymore. I unistalled the game then reinstalled it and difference."
,Recommended,269730,10000524,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,mikeandlizmcc,"This is the first game I've ever reviewed, and mainly because it's just that awesome.  It is by far the best golf game I've ever played and it's only early access.  It is truly a golf simulator.  You have no control over the ball in flight, such as top spin or back spin.  All of that gets set up from stance and strike options before you swing, like in real golf.  There is no turbo to super power your shot.  Right now the only customizable options are to customize clothing.  The avatar and abilities do not have customization options yet, but I believe they are on the board to be added.  No stat tracking as yet, but is also to be added.  Which is fine by me...this game is hard, so I have the chance to get used to it before stats start reminding me how much I suck.Graphics are beautiful, especially for the Unity engine.  I get FPS around 30 at the moment, but the dev team continues to release optimization updates almost every week, if not every other week.  It is multiplayer on the same computer as you can add guests and take turns with the same controller.  BTW you definately want to use a controller for this game.  I haven't tried the keyboard mouse combo, but my 360 controller is perfect for gameplay.There is also multiplayer over the net.  You can add a friend to your round and play together.  You don't see you friends avatar yet, but you see the shot they make.  There is about a 5-10 second lag from the time they hit to when you see it.  There are still a few bugs, like when my brother loses a ball in water, it sometimes gets stuck and I can't see him play anymore even though he's still hitting through the course.There are no load times between holes whatsoever.  The entire course is pre-loaded, so in your map view you can see your buddy hit even if he's on a different hole.There is an unlimited amount of golf courses to play through a course creator which is extremely easy to use.  You can have complete control and pour hours and hours into creating your dream course or re-creating your favorite course in real life.  Or you can set up basic options and let the computer generate one on it's own.  You can make a course extremely easy with slow greens, wide open fairways, and no wind, to being a lose-10-balls-every-time-you-play course.It is fully worth the price, in fact I almost always wait for a game to go on sale.  I didn't with this one.  I took a chance and it is definately worth it.  And with all the coming additions to the game, it is going to get even better.If you are a fan of golf, real or digital, this is a must-have golf game.  Better than any Tiger Woods game I ever played.  You won't be disappointed."
76561198104250003,Recommended,269730,10019078,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,HawkeYe,"DONT GET ME WRONG, This looks very promising....screw you EA! But lets be honest here, not a finished product? THIS IS A DEMO! nothing more. And lets make the rough a bit rougher...how about some sporadic blades of grass in the rough bigger than the golf ball itself...currently the rough is near fairway quality"
76561198007372776,Recommended,269730,16135313,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,landscaper,WOW !!! What a great game to have And to be able to make your own courses. Now the big problem is for me is I live in the the country and have to use Verizon wireless to be able to get on steam. We do not have cable out here so I do not have unlimited internet. so that means i cannot play on line with anyone because it will use your data up fast and you will have to pay for overages. You cannot download any of the thousands of courses that are made by other to play off line. You can only play a few that The Golf Club has in the game off line. So make sure if you live out side of cable area to think about this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198106346352,Recommended,269730,28684196,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DrinkableTea,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ commentator.
76561198031373508,Not Recommended,269730,26234317,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Tea Bag,"OK I’ve played a round or two. Comments the swing control must be a hugely better it sucks.The second course there was no green on the green it was rough grass.The commenter he could be more cheerful, very morning.If there had been a demo version that I could try then I would not have purchased the game.Is it a good game No don’t buy it. The graphics are very good though.Is there any way to get my money back? It’ not a cheap game.If you like to play golf on your PC then LINKS 2003 is still the best."
76561197988840515,Not Recommended,269730,26213824,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,silverm,"My first steam game that doesn't load.3d error message everytime.I'm still running windows 7 and it looks like it's only working for Windows 10 for the update on direct x.I've had no problem with Tomb Raider, rocket league, assains creed black flag etc.  They all run great.  Why is Golf Club any different?Not even sure how to get a refund."
76561198026627023,Recommended,269730,28821458,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,loccobrown,^
76561198125777008,Recommended,269730,15047797,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,dcron3,"I am very interested in the game,mostly after seeing the editor on ""YOU TUBE"".Purchased the game on Sunday,have beentrying to get it to play.Stops responding after I click on enter.I feel it is a great game to play if you can get it to work!!"
76561198033189234,Not Recommended,269730,15861154,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,conor_gavigan_4,Its very laggy you cant hit shots with a keyboard and mouse and i cant get a refund
,Not Recommended,269730,15850820,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,TURBO,"Good as its gonna get outside of the PGA Tour's game's, I guess. Those are alright. This is almost there. It could be better.6/10"
,Not Recommended,269730,15876833,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,CIREX,"Hello Everyone,On first view, I am enthralled by a game that is going to stretch the golf world. The ability to create your own courses, Amazing! However, To fully explore this, you need to be able to connect to the online servers that house them. I have yet in the months of owning this been able to connect to the servers. They automatically do not connect and I have no option but to play with the single player abilities. This is not terrible, considering that even what is offered in the single player world. I would say that is my biggest let down. The other is the swing mechanics. I find that it is difficult to manipulate and is at best on the line of a phone/tablet application. Where those options can be very annoying and frustrating.If I were to be grading this game, I will give it a 5 out of 10. There are great ideas that are placed in the building of the game. There is a a lot of potential on where this can go. With the DLC, this does enable someone with my inability to access the online part a chance of competitive golf.  The drawback is all the technical issues, bugs and/or glitches. Since I also have not been able to experience the online portion, I have lost interest in what is the base game.  The simulation is not pure and if they are trying to advertise as a golf simulator, then they may want to check again as a possible arcade game.I would recommend this game, if the support can figure out the issues. I am not saying do not buy, but rather just be wary that this game has a record of issues to be worked out.Sincerely,TriiNitY"
76561198037886415,Not Recommended,269730,15888671,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,The_Feet,"the videos show a wonderful hi-resolution game but i cannot stand the low-rez graphics you actualy get! i have a powerful computer and with detail settings on high, my PS-3 has better graphics. what a let down! just UGLY! and choppy too! terrible graphics! what a waste of money! and i bought 2 copies! very dissapointed. Max resolution i can get is 1024x768. What a load of crap! I have a PnenomII 3.4Ghz quadcore with GTX 650Ti... surely this should be able to render a GOLF GAME. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! THERE IS NO WHERE IN THE GAME TO ADJUST GRAPHICS/RESOLUTION SETTINGS!Only the launcher option! and it's maxed at 1024x768...what is this? 1995 or 2015?"
,Not Recommended,269730,17117039,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Hunt81,Runs like garbage and gaming controllers are barely useable. Was really excited about this one and was completely let down. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,269730,9870343,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,arnzzz,"This is an updated review of The Golf Club, I have given two reviews before for this game, First was bad, second was good and this one is back to bad!!!!.... very bad!!!!!This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!! Ive got a really good PC and this game tanks it lol. And im getting hundreds of graphical glitches, so much so its unplayable.Its a lackluster console port. Its probably been abanded. I cannot see the developer EVER fixing the issues.WHY WOULD THEY USE A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ENGINE LIKE UNITY FOR A HUGE GAME LIKE THIS???????????You would never see EA use Unity for Madden, or FIFA !!!!!!!!! So why would these crazy developers think Unity was up to this task ????CRAZY STUPID IDEA. and they probably realised that after they had already passed the point of no return !!!!BAD GOLF GAME, BAD COMPANY, DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,269730,13483662,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Salty & Spicy,"Sorry, but for all the maybe positive things the game is unpolished.. Being use to Jack Nicholas golf games (as old as they are) truely (to me) have much better gameplay and course building then The Golf Club.. The WGO truly even surpasses this.. and I hate to say that.. since the ""pay to play"" at least feels more like you can control yuor shots than this.Maybe in later builds it will get better.. but as of right now.. I would stay away.. even at the sale price."
76561198139501362,Not Recommended,269730,11014228,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,12be5,"The game definitely has its perks, but I cannot honestly recommend to the average golf gamer. Being a PC gamer, I hadn't played a golf game since TW08 so I was excited for this game coming out on PC. I played it quite a bit at first, but have ultimately become bored with it and can't see myself playing much more (FWIW my actual time spent on this game is probably closer to ~40 hours than what is displayed on my profile). I'll start off with the good:1. The course creator. The course creator is loads of fun, relatively easy to jump into, and is capable of creating many different layouts. Camera controls, and the terrain tools (mostly the hill brushes) I found annoying at times, but nothing game breaking.2. The game looks extremely good visually. Furthermore, using the lighting options in the course creator, you can create some absolutely spectacular views on your course.3. Putting. Putting is very rewardable in this game making you actually work for many short putts, and making distance control a challenge for long range putts.As for the bad:1. While the game looks good visually with high end settings, don't expect to actually be able to play with good graphics unless you have a good gaming computer. My high end non-gaming laptop, which does meet the system requirements, can only run the game smoothly on a 800x600 resolution with low graphical detail. Quite frankly, the game looks ten years old with these settings. From discussions on here and the HB website, the graphics card seems to be the problem. I have a GeForce 630M, so if your graphics card is comparable to that don't expect to be able to play with reasonable looking graphics.2. Single player lacks any sort of depth. Given that all you can do is play a round of golf, unless creating courses is your thing, don't expect much replayability. Don't know about multiplayer because I don't care about it.3. My biggest problem with this game is simply that it isn't close to a realistic golf sim. I easily hit over 90% of fairways, never unintentionally hook or slice the ball, hit probably around 80% of greens in regulation, hit clear over the green from the green side bunker half the time, hit a 75% shot anywhere from 30-100%, and despite putting being pretty good, I still hit a 5ft putt 20ft past the hole on occasion. This kills the game for me. I think a lot these problems come from lacking difficulty sliders, which in my view are essential for any good sports sim game. If you're expecting realistic results from this game, there is a good chance you will be severely disappointed.4. Mouse/keyboard controls are a nightmare. I gave up with the mouse/keyboard after a couple of hours, and borrowed my friends xbox360 controller instead. Would strongly recommend using an analog controller.I would recommend purchasing this game if course creation is really your thing, but if you are looking for an in depth realistic golf sim, I can't recommend The Golf Club."
76561198014679562,Not Recommended,269730,17448092,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,anders.hede,"At first I found a fun golf game, but I also realised that it was way to easy.When Perfect Golf arrived, I never touch this again, so I recommend any one to start with that rather than this."
76561198032637386,Not Recommended,269730,17548670,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,shaunbolwell,"I bought this game after reading the reviews and was looking forward to playing it, however since i downloaded it I have had nothing but problems loading the game and it looks like hundreds of other people are having the same problem!!!It really annoys me that steam continue to sell games that cannot be played, surely this is wrong!The game looks great but I cannot play it!!!!!I would suggest that you do not buy this game until all the issues have been fixed."
,Recommended,269730,32741994,Posted: 24 June,all,tbl955,Good golf game for golfers.
,Not Recommended,269730,19561754,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,SunWarden,"game has potential but runs like crap with amd and nividia cards,seems to get worse with every update,will change my review to recommended if they fix this"
,Recommended,269730,11778289,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,littlebixy,this is a very good game and the graphics for a game made out of unity is OUTSTANDING a tell you well done hb studios this game is amazingonly other thing i have to say is could you add trading cards as it would be good to have some cards for this game as i can see it will get popular very quickly  10/10 100/100 5/5
76561197982336194,Not Recommended,269730,9869948,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Staff Fitz,"Very poor framerates at the moment - almost unplayable.  Need to improve this and it may be a good game.  It better be, afterall I've just spent £22 on it."
76561197967196305,Not Recommended,269730,18977016,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Serrasalmus,"im torn about this game, on one level is has the promise to be amazing and on the other its the next arkam knight...i can run GTA 5, BF4, Dirt Rally, Assetto Corsa and many more in 4k and get a decent playable frame rate but with this game i can even get ot to run at a steady 30fps @1080p, and this really pisses me off as it has the potental to be one bad♥♥♥♥♥golf game. Refunded submited and approved...."
76561198166723783,Not Recommended,269730,20495191,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,paguy199,"Buggy piece of hot garbage....brand new computer, spent 20 minutes trying to get it installed, hope Steam will give me a refund 0/10"
76561198110881362,Not Recommended,269730,16285097,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ash,"[Update 21/10/2015]I upgraded my graphics card to an nVidia GTX 960 and the game now runs at an acceptable level of smoothness (in full screen).However for any other potential buyers, be aware that The Golf Club runs very poorly on my ATI HD5770 1GB card (5 years old).  The HD5770  continued to work very well (with sensible settings) in every game I tried, except for The Golf Club (see below).   I upgraded simply because I needeed a card that supports GPU rendering in Blender.  At least I have not completely wasted my money now on this game.[End Update]This game has a number of problems:Inexplicably it's only playable on my HD5700, 8GB, AMD 3.3Ghz dual core desktop PC in windowed mode.  In fullscreen mode constant stuttering destroys any ability to time shots properly.  Reducing all graphics settings made no difference, only windowed  mode reduced the stuttering to playable levels.  Even then, the game feels sluggish, trees pop into view during the tracking camera views and even sound effects seem to cause stutters.I have found it almost impossible to reliably play a shots with say 75% or 80% power.  There is no visual indicator of your shot power, you just have to watch the backswing and start the fore swing when you feel the time is right.  As a result I have to just check the current distance to hole / wind and then pick the club with a 100% power distance that matches the required distance.  This makes lobs and green approach shots extremely difficult frustrating.  (It's essential to play with a controller with analog sticks, I have a logitech dual action).The course designer has very poor usability.  I've tried to landscape a links course from scratch (no holes, trees) by sculpting terrain.  The raise terrain tool is the most ridiculous tool I've seen in any design program.You change the raise/lower height by holding shift and scrolling the mouse wheel.  However the larger the brush the larger the height change. For example if I have a very large brush (for large scale terrain editing), the height jumps to 0 to 800 feet! The only way to get smaller height change is to shrink the brush to the smallest size, then adjust the height in small increments, then increase the brush size again and apply the change.  To top it all off, once you apply the brush, the height settings are lost and you have to go through the same stupid process.  Imaging doing this to sculpt an entire map.The tree shadows, even at high quality are quite blocky and unrealistic.  More importantly when there are shadows on the green it makes seeing the hole and judging the borrow very dififcult.  Maybe this is how it is on a real course but in real life there is no grid overlaying the green that is obscured by shadows.The developer provides no manual or useful playing guide.  There are video tutorials that explain some of the basics but but they are brief / out of date.I wanted to like this game as there are so few new golf games these days.  However this is a released game, not early access and as such it is simply not good enough in it's current state.  There were more enjoyable golf games available 12 years ago.If at least the performance issues and the swing power issue were fixed I'd certainly like the game a lot more and would likely revise this review."
76561198019046993,Not Recommended,269730,13605539,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Darth-Gravus,"I've been playing golf games on PC since Links 386 Pro...this is an absolute horrible control system.  Very inconsistent from one shot to the next.  Chipping out of the rough is darn near impossible.  Course creator is the ONLY thing nice in this game...but not worth the money, even on sale.  Had potential, but fails miserably!  The swing power/aim is just way too far off.  Inconsistent,even after painfully playing through more than 2 dozen rounds with the hope of it working out.  You can never tell from one swing to the next.  DO. NOT. WASTE. YOUR. MONEY!!!!"
76561197970977650,Not Recommended,269730,12302662,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,puntercam,"I hadn't played a golf game in a while, and once you've played one tiger woods you've played them all, so I thought I'd give this a go.The reviews were solid, but this game is dreadful. The graphics are like something from 10 years ago, controlling the swing  is a joke, and putting is complete blind luck.It's quite a nice idea - build a huge amount of courses and allow people to play online - but the reality is a bunch of samey, characterless courses which feel nothing like the real thing.And you have to use a controller. You can use the mouse, but it's the worst control I've ever experienced ever in a computer game.3/10EDIT: Having opened up this game a couple of years later, I have to say it's improved. I can hit the ball straight now, which is a good start. I still don't think it's great though - the graphics still look rubbish (with so much pop-in it's silly) and the control hasn't nothing to do with rhythm and so is nothing like a golf swing (even the 3 click swing system has more rhythm). It also seems to be full of people ""cheating"" - I'm amazed at how many 30+ handicappers can shoot rounds of 50... It's really pathetic actually. Sad people. I'd like to turn off handicaps, but searching google for anything ""golf club"" related predictably doesn't show up much of anything about this game.So it's better than it was, but I can't recommend it. Tiger Woods games from 10 years ago are still better, you're much better off with a ps2 and TW2006 or something."
76561198020921666,Not Recommended,269730,13514547,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Diddly Squat,"Not PC Friendly by any means from what I see. No Docs or helps menus. Nothing that explains how to swing with controller. When using mouse, cursor disappears so you cannot judge movement.I may try again but at this point, wait till it's under $10 if you buy."
,Recommended,269730,10214024,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,M4H madmike,dont think peeps understand we need your elevation diff cause doesnt work club down or up goes over or short fix it its early release
76561198150915491,Not Recommended,269730,11798050,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,pauladmfamily,"Big problem.  I downloaded and installed The Club, now it won'm work, says missing Direct3d soemthing.  I needto have it fixed or money returned."
,Not Recommended,269730,16586031,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[DOOM]saborfox,"run away from this as fast as u can.. the pictures look great but it verry laggy and crashed on my system alot. plus like other games there is how videos, instructions, helpful hints, or even tutorals, not this game took me about 20-30 mins to figure out how to play the game, the only tutorals or instructions is on the course creations. when it comes to golf i know the basics of it and this game has it but if i read the reviews i would have stayed away from this game..."
76561197992278514,Not Recommended,269730,15942927,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Hexa,Bad multiplayer system. We want realtime multiplayer system.
,Not Recommended,269730,14917561,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Anexros,"If you like golf and want a simulation experience then this game may be worth your money but if you want a golf game for fun this is not the game for you!This game has been out for a while now and the updates are becoming less and less frequent (maybe they're concentrating on the console versions?), there still isn't a career mode so all you are doing is playing the courses either on your own or against ghosts of other people.  There's also very little atmosphere when you're playing your round of golf, there's no crowd for example and the commentary most likely will get on your nerves pretty quick.  As far as the game play goes then it's ok but unless you have a xbox controller I wouldn't recommend  playing this on your keyboard/mouse combo.  All the shots are there, pitch, chip, loft shot but they are very awkward to pull off if  you need to do a half swing or 3/4 swing motion.  I'm not saying you can't do it, it's just very hit and miss ie. you're more then likely to either duff the ball 5 yards forward or overhit your mark by 20yards when attempting these shots so you are left with trying to judge your yardage so you can get a full swing from a club.  Putting takes a long time to master and even get used to, your first few tries will either go miles past the cup or end up miles short of the cup.  There's no easy way to judge how much power you are putting with hence why it takes a long time to master.Until they add more content like the career mode then I would hold on.  I've not played the game in 4-5months since buying it as have gotten bored with it.Hope this helps for people stuck on the edge.Edit on 14/04/2015:  Would seem they are now charging dlc for adding a career mode, very disappointed by this news as was expecting it in a future update for free considering I forked out ~£30 for it back in early access.  Will not be making another early access purchase again as I feel the money I put in has been put towards the console versions of the game and for the devs to add extra content that they will charge for."
,Not Recommended,269730,14783256,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,cleverusername,"I was so hopeful for this game to be great.  I wanted to love this game.  It had such potential.  Maybe I hyped it up in my mind too much.  But I cannot recommend this game.  It is not optimized in the slightest.  The frame rate is vastly inconsistant on a premium rig no matter what I set the settings to.  The community is good, and the gameplay is alright, but everytime I load up the game to give it another chance, I find it to just be unplayable.  Maybe updates will come, but a lot of my desire for this game has been lost."
,Not Recommended,269730,15272327,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MILTY,"The game is so glitchy . Its probably just poor optimization . Its the only golf game , thats why I own it . After a little time playing it looks like im playing golf in thye matrix . Strings , textures and objects saturate the screen making it unplayable . I have way more than enough power to run this game but it runs like garbage."
76561197995756347,Not Recommended,269730,15769967,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,kultavader,"Not enough shot options, greens are too fast to be realistic. It's like playing on US Open type courses to the extrene. If you want a realistic golf experience this is not the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,269730,11529051,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[BCKS] Azah,"AMAZING ONLY PLAYED 30MINS BUT OH WOWOkay so that is what i wrote a few weeks ago before the full version came out. I have a 280x gpu and a 8350 black edition at 4.35ghz 8 cores and my pc struggles to play this with the ""new"" graphics setting. I am utterly dissapointed that now i cannot play my favoirte game on my library. I cannot recconmend this game enough when it come to its amazing gameplay but get your game engine fixed. I used to get over 70fps but now even with the new settings set to the lowest I can barley play the game.Aaron."
,Not Recommended,269730,17600275,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,MinDBlanKSCO,"The graphics aren't great and has a lack of options to change to as I'd like.Refunded to try PG.It isn't a hard game, it isn't an easy game. Just isn't outstanding in anyway."
76561198033288956,Not Recommended,269730,19177876,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Das-good,"I have Windows 7 64bit with 2 x EVGA GTX 660Ti SC gpu's with SLi. I run a Z77 chipset Intel Core i7 3770k cpu at 3.50 GHz, 16 GB memory at 1600MHz ....and yet the graphics are incredibly laggy with 8 fps. Mith max settings on Black ops 3 I get better fps. So please enlighten me why I was stupid enough to buy this game?????"
76561198025427208,Not Recommended,269730,25847775,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,trdsf,"Completely unplayable.  It might be nice to have some in-game instruction as to how to swing, how to aim, how to putt, all that stuff.  Apparently I'm supposed to have that information pre-installed in my brain -- if it's in there, it's cunningly hidden.Once one does a web search to see how you actually take a swing, it might be nice to have the swing mechanism actually *work*.  Pull the mouse back, move the mouse forward.  Sounds simple enough.  Pull the mouse back, well, okay, that's sort of a backswing.  Move the mouse forward, and... nothing.  Not even a twitch.To make matters worse, I'm running on a brand new system and the graphics are jerky and slow even after stepping down resolution, antialiasing, and all the other graphics options.  What in the world am I supposed to have to run this game smoothly, a server farm?The programmers should be ashamed of themselves.  Will someone *please* just re-start the Jack Nicklaus Golden Bear Challenge franchise?I'm uninstalling this and asking for a refund.  This was a complete waste of money.  I'm tempted to dig my old 486 out and load JNSE or TW2K on it.  It would run and play better than this mess."
76561198204374203,Not Recommended,269730,32413748,Posted: 14 June,all,sphaneuf1962,"SAVE YOUR MONEY,No improvements in the game  sense  the old Tiger Woods games days. I expected a drastic improvement in the quality of game play and graphics not being able to adjust your back swing  make this game so unattractivelook like time to get Rory's  Golf  E Sports game a tryam I the only person to complain about a game that you have to purchase extra♥♥♥♥♥♥ to find out weather you enjoy the game and what it has to off then  not able to refund the game or a partial game refundLast time I do business with Steam!!!!!!Scott"
76561198029566774,Not Recommended,269730,15877007,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,bUzz,"Sticky, buggy crap! Playing even on a high end desk top and it's a jerky mess. Play Perfect Golf if you want a GOOD golf game. Oh yeah even after buying as an UNFINISHED alpha I'm supposed to pay for dlc? Stay Away."
76561198005248455,Not Recommended,269730,14925827,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Big Al,"Nice looking Golf Game...but that’s where the ""nice"" ends because the controls suck big time. The ""INTUITIVE CONTROL SYSTEM"" is a joke and is why the reviews are so bad for this game. I f you want to play a real awesome well made golf sim just get the new ""Perfect Golf"" it's only 20 bucks and blows this travesty of a golf game away."
,Not Recommended,269730,14954612,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Dagtastic,"This game still  feels like it is in Beta.1) A major problem is the motion is choppy and not close to ""one to one"" with the controller input.  While I prefer using the analog thumstick to simulate a swing, the implementation here is problematic.  It's difficult to gauge power and reliably hit shots.2) Stability is a problem.  I have had to restart a few times due to the game locking up.3) Tabing out and back into the game results in the game reverting to windowed mode from fullscreen.  This is very distracting and cannot be fixed with out a restart.4) Production still feel incomplete.  Commentary for examples sounds like a placeholder that never got replaced."
,Not Recommended,269730,13499903,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ccesskko1594,I cannot run this game whenever i do it freezes and a tooltip will pop up: display driver stopped responding and has recovered
76561198091653969,Not Recommended,269730,11207461,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,portlandknight,"It does not work I have a Ge 8800 and it wont work on my system,,,,"
,Not Recommended,269730,13180089,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,StokedToast,4.2/10
76561198002725562,Not Recommended,269730,17354771,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,PeteS,Very average in my opinion. Graphics are not great. Season tours are pretty repetitive and the swing lag with a mouse is terrible. Has potential to be much better but has been out a while now and have doubts it will become that good. It tries to mimic the feel of real golf but fails pretty badly in this aspect on the short game IMO. Going to keep trying but not too impressed at the moment. probably better with a game controller but I don't own one.
76561198041898346,Not Recommended,269730,17124634,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,MOBBDE21,Game keeps crashing when I try to disable the windowed mode. Can't recommend until this is fixed.
76561198002614318,Not Recommended,269730,17156104,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,rchapman,"So disappointing... the game may be great, but having tried it for the very first time the game seems exceptionally buggy - NOT EVEN ABLE TO RECOGNISE A SWING!The forum is populated with swing issues, although some people seem very happy with the game. If the latest set of updates can address the fundemental problem of not being able to hit the ball (a rather basic function of a golf game) then I'll happily give a positive review, but currently it's money wasted..."
76561198163020665,Not Recommended,269730,18870219,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,timcop,The controls need a 3 click swing meter...Never played it is  Bulls....No tutorials...Tmicop
76561198029376253,Not Recommended,269730,9865998,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,ZebBlake,"Don't buy this game unless you have a controller for you PC, mouse and keyboard impossible to play."
76561198074257899,Not Recommended,269730,10178250,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,G[B]H.aabret,I would recommend this game but since they played with the tuning of the swing system you can hardly get 100% no matter how fast you use that thumb stick. I would wait to see if they revert back if not iam then going to get a refund
76561198072760255,Recommended,269730,11845296,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Zero74,"Best Golfing game ever.....Since my review of over 2 years ago, the improvements to this game have been many. Along with the fixing of map and image glitches, the addition of the handicap system for match-making makes your online experience much fairer. The official courses range from easy (which can be fun to post pro scores!) to very difficult courses where wind, ground slope, green elevation, pace of greens and contours of greens make club selection of the utmost importance. The type of shot selected i.e. flop, chip etc. also becomes important when needing to keep your ball below the wind or to deal with  fast paced greens. I have been playing golf simulation games for over 30 years and still believe this to be the best golfing game ever! (Tiger Woods was arcady.... this is as close to a round of golf that i've found)An understanding of Golf IRL is beneficial, however learning the mechanics of this game can be enjoyable on its own.Well done to the Devs for creating and improving this game."
76561198068192500,Not Recommended,269730,21231143,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,michael.cottle,"I bought this game hoping to relive a misspent youth playing ""David Leadbetter's Greens"" and ""Links"" back in the '90s and to enjoy a virtual round or two with my son.I really wanted to enjoy this, but using a mouse it is utterly impossible to hit the ball repeatably.  The game uses a non-intuitive, undocumented system which I have not been able to unravel.  Help isn't.  Tutorial is non existant.  I have sat for half an hour randomly clicking, moving the mouse and releasing without any consistent results.  All I have to show for this investment of my time is one stroke, yes, I hit the ball successfully ONCE in half an hour.  Otherwise it's click, move down, move up, release, nothing, repeat.Back in the day there was a simple, intuitive stroke-wheel interface that worked beautifully.  Click and hold for power, release and click as close to the bottom of the swing as possible to avoid hooks & slices.  Seriously guys, implement that as an option and I'm not asking for a refund.  Let me know if you do & I'll be back."
76561198078263961,Not Recommended,269730,11788708,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Great Value Jesus,"BOO to hotbox and the people who made this game.  Promises were broken, tears were shed and what was left for us was a half-broken dream that never was.  BOO.Stuttering framerate, zero PC optimization after a 4month Early Access period.  This game should run like clockwork.  Stop making excuses for blatant♥♥♥♥♥♥poor development and for releasing a game that simply does not work.The physics of the game are a joke, the wind plays zero part in the ball physics, it's impossible to accurately chip, the putting mechanic is broken and mostly unusable with a mouse and keyboard.The Early Access period on steam was used to garner revenuse and fine tune the Console version of the game.  I am well aware of the development process and the joke it has become.  Patching has essentially hobbled motivation to produce a decent game.  Apologists would have you believe this is a day one release and that these problems simply appeared out of thin air.The fact of the matter is that this game was released on steam during an Early Access period in which ALL THE ISSUES in this game were brought to developments attention.  These are not ""Day 0"" issues."
76561198133983660,Not Recommended,269730,16747525,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dew-Man,"i do i get a refund? got 98 hours on game and last few months i cant get game to load after intro. i like the game sort of,but if i can't start the game why bother. get a error code."
76561198181851543,Not Recommended,269730,14665720,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,sfcomaha,"I feel like i was pick pocketed, and had $35 stolen. Terrible game."
76561198044655898,Not Recommended,269730,11594861,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,callmetim101,"This is by far the worst golf game I've ever played. I own a brand new ibuypower laptop and this game can not run smooth. All drivers have been updated and games like Starcraft 2 and Diablo 3 run on the highest graphics and lagg free. This game was a waste of money, please nobody else buy this game!!!"
76561198180533454,Not Recommended,269730,14667022,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,One-n-Done,I am an avid golfer of online golf games. This Game is a disappoinment.
76561198064431154,Recommended,269730,11815957,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,tonyh58,Great game but you need a good Graghic card too run it
76561198035691776,Recommended,269730,11784811,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Joker360,WASTE OF MONEY! I have an Alienware laptop and this game is glitchy as hell. Really not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,269730,11006308,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ToastyPotato,"Preliminary feelings as of June 2014:This game seems to try very hard to overheat my video card.  I've run Titanfall, Arkham Origins, and Battlefield on very high settings without any issue, but this game slowly degrades and starts glitching out and artifacting all over the place.  The temps are higher than those other games.  I'm running a Radeon r9 270.The swing/put mechanism is nice I guess, but it is certainly not inherently better than the more classic interfaces from older games.  One could argue that this introduces a realistic element of ""skill"" and ""practice"" but that would be neglecting to mention that not everyone has the same controller setup, nor do people have the same hands, nor do people have the same amount of time to practice.  This is a video game that people paid for so there really isn't a need to create a gap to simulate the fact that some people are just going to be bad at golf without massive amounts of practice.  At the very least, add in a more classical control scheme option for more casual players so that people who want a fun PC golf game can have it while the more hardcore golf fans can have their some what more sim styled game at the same time.The courses are plentiful and you can edit and create new ones so there really is no point in rating those.  The course system they have is excellent, however and exactly what a golf game needs.  Kudos to that.  Another kudos is the way you play against ghost rivals.Minor annoyance:  Cannot name guest players in hot seat multiplayer.  Jeopardy on the NES lets me name each player.  No excuses.Unfortunately I cannot recommend the game for the current price at this moment.  I'll fiddle with the game a bit more to see if I can improve the performance, and hopefully future patches improve everything in general.  This has the makings of the best golf game on for PCs, and one of the best ever, but it definitely has a ways to go."
76561198129311995,Not Recommended,269730,15766239,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,mfKyle,"My computer runs this game pretty laggy, any way i can return or exchange it?"
76561198149296337,Not Recommended,269730,11795007,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,peterthompson21,dear sirsince i purchased this on the 12th Aug i have been able to play this game once i have sent emails to HB and had no replyDO NOT BUY THIS GAMESirthomo1
76561197970483907,Not Recommended,269730,21136715,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,KMcNeal,"Dont Bye-unplayable with mouse, gamepad users on consoles always win, a constant swing with mouse is impossible-heavy framerate drops in the middle of tournaments, bad swing gets much mir worse-unrealistic physics on greens, an almost stopped ball all of the sudden rolls 10m-no tutorial how to swing with mouse-no driving range to test swing or club-even if metric system is set, all comments tell distances in foot"
76561198173321994,Not Recommended,269730,19154199,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,kmiers2871,My computer is very good. This game is choppy and laggy to the point of being literally unplayable. Trying to figure out how to get my money back.
76561198121586847,Not Recommended,269730,18133808,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,mikey2020,"A one word description for this game is ""CLUNKY.""  The game physics are really REALLY BAD.  Without a special type controller (like a Wii controller) the swing meter is very hard to use especially with a mouse.  The ball physics aren't true and a single tee box system for all skill levels is very poor in design.  In real golf one doesn't expect a high handicapper or some who can't hit for distance to play from the Championship Tees but the way this game is setup all the holes designed for the stock courses are like playing from these tees.  A four tee system would be an improvement.  Trying to use the system settings box at the start of the game requires a degree in computer science to figure out and even then when do try to adjust a setting the game engine gets worse.  This game still has a LONG LONG WAY to go before its ready for prime time especioally for DX11.  This games competitor is further along than this and is still ""early development.""This game grades at: F"
76561197971281043,Not Recommended,269730,16747455,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Roppee,"horrible,when it did work it was a resource hog.Now many,including myself,the game just wont work .This is my 1st review with a ton of games in my libary,but this one takes the cake.DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,269730,17149415,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BlackJack_Jonny,"I'm sorry to say that this game leaves a lot to be desired.Even if you manage to get the game to work after seeing it crash before getting to the main menu, you're then left with a game so poorly optimized for the PC platform it will leave your hardware realing from the onslaught of badly designed and even more dissapointing visuals.My PC is capable of playing a game like GTA V at 4K resolution at over 60 fps. This game, however, needs to played with settings turned down and only playable at 1080p resolution before a massive frame rate performance makes it unplayable.Gameplay is, to say the least, bland.Sad."
76561198178301074,Not Recommended,269730,17145203,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Znk Owl,it keeps crashing on me........
76561197999368647,Not Recommended,269730,17168338,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,professor7,Terrible controls for the PC. No feel our touch is possible. This makes for a bad play experience. DO NOT Recommend this game.
76561198042399234,Not Recommended,269730,17358855,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,blackhorse1947,What a piece of crap. No instructions. No response from either mouse or game controller.  What a waste of $$$$$$.  I am now out almost $100 between this piece of junk and the controller I bought to try to get it to work when the mouse didn't.  Don't waste your money.
76561198053300554,Not Recommended,269730,17193773,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,bfinkelstine,"1) The swing motion is exponential realtive to your mouse instead of 1:1 (meaning your in game swing starts much slower and weaker than the mouse movement would imply but eventually gets up to speed. I believe this is what forum people call rubber banding.) causing chipping and putting to be extremely difficult. (long delays in motions that are supposed to be ~1-2 seconds)2) The character is still doing pre-swing motions after I click and drag back to start my swing, meaning the mouse and swing have completely disconnected from each other.3) I played 36 holes before uninstalling, I turned the commentary off after 2.After reading thru a lot of forum posts to see if the complete lack of feel during the short game is just me or not, it seems to be affecting a lot of people using a mouse instead of a console controller. Sounds like a good game if you plug in a controller, I strongly recommend staying away from this game if you plan on using a mouse."
76561197985896161,Not Recommended,269730,18164763,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,DGeorge85,"Less than 40 rounds played and I already have an ace from over 200 yards out, eagles from 100yds out, and atleast a dozen other shots into the cup from off the green from various distances.This game is clearly tailored to shooting unrealistically low scores. The swings are dumbed down enough to teach a 3yr old to hit straight, and all the information you need, and precise loft control with grids and percentages is given to make a shot of any distance nearly effortless. This is dial-a-shot-golf, void of any risk/reward you may be looking for in a golf game. Putting, however, does require a special touch, but on an average course you have to mess up pretty bad or not be paying attention to be left with putts of any significant distance. It is not a stretch by any means to say this game would have been dead in the water if it weren't for countless community made courses because the gameplay is dull and unrewarding.Simply put, if you are here because you love golf and are looking for an authentic experience, I would turn away and look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,269730,9892688,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,iceasfire,"This is NOT a multiplayer game even though it says ""play online against friends"". Its more like a play against your friends ball that says its suppose to be live but is most definitly not. My advice would be to save your money. On the other hand if you like designing courses and playing by yourself, then this is a game for you but IMHO not worth ~$30."
76561198134970824,Not Recommended,269730,12768073,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,jencala1,"I couldn't write a review for this game, because as with other games purchased through steam, I never got to play it. although it says I've played for over 40 minutes. The Golf Club would never open. When I try to start the game, it says its already running?????"
76561198034699019,Not Recommended,269730,10745406,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,stahlbucks,"there is no power meter, and that damn caddy is anoying"
,Not Recommended,269730,20959877,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ikunoGone,"TERRIBLE GAME. DO NOT BUY!!! This is the least fun golf game I've ever played. I wouldn't recommend it even if it were free. There were honesty better golf games on the sega genesis. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT STINKS. I won't buy another title from this developer. I disliked this game so much that I actually went through the trouble to contact them. I don't care if you remember if you got my contact or not. Too bad I played it for more than 2 hours so I can't get a refund. It was winter time and I couldn't play real golf, otherwise I would not have spent the time I did.Furthermore, this game is almost at the ""negative overall"" review threshold. He's basically begging people to change their negative reviews, but being pretty immature about it. If you are thinking about dropping $30 on this game, then I urge you to just take a look at the defensive and insulting way that the developer responds to people who honestly thinks the game is BAD. In my opinion, the lack of integrity and the way that the developer basically says it's the reviewers fault makes me throw up in my mouth a little.About the game...........The putting is bad. The physics are bad/unrealistic. It's easier to get good at real golf than it is to play this golf ""sim"". The graphics are ""maybe"" sega dreamcast level. In game, it doesn't look as good as the screenshots. It's just not a fun game and a complete rip-off at $30. I really hope the developer stops responding to negative reviews the way he is because it's really offensive. He should probably take it to heart and come to terms with the fact that the game isn't good and stop insulting people who think that The Golf Club delivers poorly as a golf simulation.I also don't care what awards you've won. All that tells me is that I should no longer trust those sources when determining whether or not to buy a game."
76561197976160251,Not Recommended,269730,21076204,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Reflection,"Save your money! Completely inconsistent controls, frame drops through the floor, and small playerbase. No 2-click or 3-click, developer refuses to consider other control schemes. No power indicator of any kind, power is even displayed differently on each club, so good luck making consistent shots. Putting is horrible, the same draw will go 6 feet one putt and 35 another (tested on same green, same position).TL:DRSure some die-hards like this game, but if you're looking for a casual golf game keep looking."
76561198006672609,Recommended,269730,12622052,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,johnny_reynolds_1987,i need it for the mac. looks class on ps4
76561198003341674,Not Recommended,269730,24291823,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rodster360,Pros for thedeveloper: The Steam Refund Policy was not available when I purchased this.
76561198195826950,Not Recommended,269730,21183601,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mas.noodles,How do you call up the instructions as to how to play the game !?  Not at all happy ! Would rather have my money back !
76561198144076827,Not Recommended,269730,20207416,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,patsmyth,I downloaded this game but could never open it. I received little support from Steam and they refused to refund me myt pourchase even though I could never opened the game. They said that I had it more than 2 hours! It now tells me that I have played over 70 hours and yet I have nebver even opened the game. What a rip off!
76561198162954865,Not Recommended,269730,24127646,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chipn2,tHIS GAME IS TERRIBLE I TRIED IT .I set my average and I can play with other people .WHY??????? Going to Perfect golf I want my money back
76561198139146943,Not Recommended,269730,11059326,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jwhalerfan666,"I feel so ripped off. This would be a great free game on Kongregate, but $35 for what? I love simulation games. I love golf. This game is just awful. Great graphics, poor control and zero feel. 1/10"
76561198050666429,Not Recommended,269730,11096224,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Biginuf,"The golf club is a Tiger Woods rip off with alot less features, the only game mode is stroke play, there is no pro players to choose from and no real life courses to play on. This game is poorly optimized, I have a new machine with an i7 and a geforce670 and this is the only game I've ever played that my machine struggles with, bottom line....SAVE YOUR MONEY."
76561198017092991,Not Recommended,269730,13490158,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,b5001,I love tiger woods golf etc.This game is ok if the aim was fixed you cant set the aim properly with mouse and i dont like joysticks maybe the xbox controller might work bettter.It seems like a xbox game except the xbox golf Iam sure you can move the aim up and down etc.If they fixed the I would recommend this.
76561198002942439,Not Recommended,269730,17269850,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Gooners22,Terrible  golf game
76561198068472906,Not Recommended,269730,17286889,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Quadronic,"You have to buy the dlc for making tropical courses. The 64 bit version crashes on starting the game. The updates have not added anything of notable value to the overall game experience. I bought this game when it came out and over a year later, it still feels like an unfinished project."
76561198110505055,Not Recommended,269730,17965924,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Team SSS,"HiI am so disapointed in this game cost me a whole 29.99 but the gameplay is so slow that you cant hit properly and there is no tutorial, you have to gues what to do or go and google it. I mean really guys, I have been playing Dota 2 witch was free but now to waste money on this trash? I would like my money back if possible due to I am so unhappyHope you really do something about this cause I baught Counterstrike and what a ples and now this gives Steam a bad name in my eyes"
76561198040132456,Not Recommended,269730,32746014,Posted: 24 June,all,Trevor Wright,"I have seen many a video of the game prior to buying it. I'm very disapointed in the game, as there is no training as in driving range or putting as in practice. The game it's self, you start it up as a normal game and you are place to start the rounds as if you know what to do, there is NOTHING to tell you what to do as in having a shot or round of golf.For the price is good, but for the program is rubbish, NO instustions on how to play the game. Very poor. What I have seen of the game, the graphics look great but for play which I can't get into as there is no instructions on what or how to hit the ball straight and true.I believe that the  STEAM version program is only half there, going by the videos I have seen of the actual program."
76561198002641040,Not Recommended,269730,18150877,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SacofApples,"For me the putting seemed very inacurrate.  IMHO it is very boring,  No crowd cheering you on and the comentary is really bad!  Has a long way to go."
76561198006728193,Not Recommended,269730,21342360,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Horanth,"Never even began to get to grips with this on a PC with keyboard and mouse, a controller undoubtedly would work better but then you might as well Tiger Woods or something on your console."
76561198014832679,Not Recommended,269730,18184130,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ukhaffy,"This Game is NOT working and has far too many glitches for me to waste my time any longer.So STEAM as this program is NOT FIT FOR PURPOSE, under the Consumer Act, refund my money ASAP, or credit my account accordingly.Thank you in antisipation"
76561198155236376,Not Recommended,269730,19016009,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,t.boyd91,♥♥♥♥
76561198150819629,Not Recommended,269730,23601089,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,I_love_noobs_like_YOU,"I do not recommend this game to people who are not using stationary computers due to lag and crashes if you play on a ""weak"" computers."
76561197985497045,Not Recommended,269730,9874770,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,tommytza,"Waste of money...the game is unplayable at this stage...if the strategy was just to collect some money for finishing the product, well, i want my money back....low fps, unity engine sucks, golf games from 2008 were much better then this overrated, overadvertised piece of junk.."
76561198129308749,Recommended,269730,9856606,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Luff,I cant get the game to work on my pc.  The only colors are pink and black andI cant  seem to get any of the  paramaters to change in settings.
76561198043145156,Not Recommended,269730,9877321,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,bo9fan,downloaded twice video screens have wrong color first game from steam that i had prob;ems with. can we get a refund?
,Not Recommended,269730,19346174,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,welshie06,"Terrible gameplay,Worst golf game Ive played, wish I'd never paid the £27 for it, what a waste of money."
76561197996383911,Not Recommended,269730,9937466,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,AceValentine,This game is absolutely unplayable for me as is.  I want my money back!
76561198000439429,Not Recommended,269730,15244027,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Weazel3217,"One of the worse golf game.looks amazing ,plays badly.Was hoping it had a click to swing option.Being in handicapped in my hand .Which it doesnt offer.and doesnt state .Good luck trying to get a straight swing .I ran my mouse along a books edge ,shot still had a slice time after time again.Even at 50% off .its not a deal in my books"
76561197976519323,Not Recommended,269730,20388152,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,F3RRAL,I have to say after playing Jack Nicklaus' GBC i was really dissapointed in the gameplay ...Though the game looks pretty the sole use of mouse or controller was annoying . Im sure im not the only one who prefers to use the keyboard only....Here's hope they may rectify this issue in further updates  [ crossing fingers ]
76561198040021890,Not Recommended,269730,9872144,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,BecauseWatchThis,Might be a good game. I'll never know as it is not compatible with my graphics card so won't play properly. Can I get a refund? No. Ridiculous. I feel like I've been robbed.
76561198007759367,Not Recommended,269730,9873296,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,zahngol,"Does not work on older video cards. If you do not have a VERY new video card with DX11 support DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Looks like an amazing set of tools and game play, so I am very disappointed that I cannot play this game, and also pretty disappointed that the attitude in the support forums is basically ""no refunds, just get a new video card"".Basically this game is going to cost me several hundred dollars on top of the $30 I already spent if I actually want to play..."
76561198042854721,Not Recommended,269730,30287174,Posted: 2 March,all,DELTAGOD,"When you spend nearly $800 to get a vive you expect game companies to add support to a game they've already released. This is not the case for HB Studios. In their infinite wisdom, they thought that they should release an entirely NEW game for $30 and not even discount those who already purchased the origional game when it first came out."
,Not Recommended,269730,14688397,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The Queg,"I can do this review in 2 words, are you ready?Reviewing in...3,2,1,Oh DearReview concluded"
76561198137451512,Not Recommended,269730,10360712,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,m4ccee6l,bought the golf club game for PC a week ago from steam...unfortunately they have my 35 bucks and I have fatal error...bummer
76561198122091807,Not Recommended,269730,13460630,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,crawfordb762,I had high hopes for this game.   I was wrong. Its crap.
,Not Recommended,269730,22782019,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,OldScout,"I have the beef to run it with a 290x, 8350 4ghz 8 cores, and 32gb of ram. Just not working for me, spent more time messing with the settings trying to get it going, gonna refund this one.*UPDATE* Spent some time playing Perfect Golf, and would reccomend it over this. It is in my opinion a game that is better optimized and is worth the extra $10."
76561198131377312,Not Recommended,269730,15309151,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,martin.kostyrka,Where is the guide to setting up and playing this game. A few videos is just not good enough. Game deleted of my PC.
76561198303493994,Not Recommended,269730,23649974,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,johnhenfrey30,"Waste of money.....will not allow me to even hit the ball.  Tried to get a refund but told that as I had ""Played"" for over 2 hours I couldn't have one.  This is a joke.  I may have been  in the game for this length of time but playing I wasn't.  I am unable to hit the ball at all and the time has been spent trying various alterations to the settings after reading other peoples experiences of this game.  I spent another hour after this trying different mouse settings.  I was finally able to hit the ball initially but after the 1st shot nothing.  Does anyone have any ideas where to go or what to do next?"
76561198014740456,Not Recommended,269730,16982485,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,mickgent1985,"Dont waste your money buying this game, ive just been robbed of £22 as the game sdoesnt even work!!!"
76561198034851938,Not Recommended,269730,13496492,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,algothedon,"Please note, even if your computer had DX 11, that doesnt mean your graphic card supports it! I made that mistake and just lined the pockets of the developers for a game I cant play, luckily only in the sale.SO check your graphic card closely before downloading this game as many people have been caught out.Then you suffer the indignity of sitting staring at a crash screen for 5 minutes just so you can write a review!"
,Not Recommended,269730,15109737,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,JAWS-nl,The controls are totally not intuitive. 2 bad. Looked promising.
76561198063885576,Not Recommended,269730,33443535,Posted: 10 July,all,Slaughterhouse,game blows
76561197969263212,Not Recommended,269730,21553666,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Killer_Kev,3 CLICK OR DIE...DONT MAKE ME PLAY A  GAME THAT IS ON THE MOUSE.BOOOOO
,Not Recommended,269730,11782951,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,nabby2020,Turns out real courses and single player matter. Just feels incomplete.
,Not Recommended,269730,9856697,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,City Builder,"At this time, unless they improve the keyboard and mouse controls for the game, I have to advise everybody that is going to want to play with keyboard and mouse to steer a wide berth around this dud.Also make sure that you have a computer similar to those used to launch the space shuttles at Nasa as it's a major lag monster.  Even turning down the limited settings to low only results in 15 frames per second.As this is early access, I expect frame rates to be rough, but being that this is a PC game I expect full mouse and keyboard control to be included in the game BEFORE it is released as early access game.If they improve performance, and include proper keyboard and mouse control then I'll think about changing my review of the game.  But as it stands now, today, in early access....3 out of 10 stars.P.S. I can not explain why it says that I hae 0 hours played on this title, I have more than that, it's either a bug in Steam or perhaps having to exit the game using the X in the window corner prevents it from logging my time, i don't know, but I do have some time on this game although nothing substantial due to the poor keyboard and mouse controls and the terrible performance."
,Not Recommended,269730,21236654,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,KROBE,THIS GAME SUKS♥♥♥♥♥ way to hard to figure power needed for a shot.. also i played 91 min and asked for a refund but steam says i played over 2 hrs.. and now i cant even get support to load up.. bite me steam  u suk to.
,Not Recommended,269730,9869221,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Orion! [SPC],"I'm sure this game is fun and all, but I couldn't get past the title splash screen. Just a heads up to everyone out there. This is a dedicated DirectX-11 ONLY game... so even my dual 9800gtx-Ps(which run BF4 without a second thought) won't touch it.  Beyond that. I can't speak to how well the game plays."
76561198261650772,Not Recommended,269730,19500248,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,derek.hill1964,this game is a total rip off bought it yesterday and wont work steam are just online thieves plain and simple
76561198093893217,Not Recommended,269730,9861691,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,pwkorell,"Do not buy untill they fix it!  Does not work on PC,  Controls don't work, lag is terrible.  Wasted my money.  The game is unplayable.  The old links and Tiger woods pc games were much better than this.  Deeply disappointed."
76561197981347911,Not Recommended,269730,28699742,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BigRed Muvila,"refund pending, pixel rating so low i couldnt even read anything in game, no option in settings menu to adjust., actually no options in setting to do anything to run this game adequetly controls where for xbox i think no option to change this. my ball was a square pixel. i think the game didnt meet the minimum requirements of my PC hahahahaha. i just havent got a run in sega mega drive mode on this pc sorry."
76561197978913912,Not Recommended,269730,28518063,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Frank Hvam,Wouldn't recommend this game. Graphics sucks. Gameplay i horrible and boring. Waste of money.
76561197969654326,Not Recommended,269730,10820930,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SeventyFive,"Huge mistake.  From playing I could immediately tell this was awful.  Using the mouse is like emulating an analog stick.  This is a straight console game, not even a port.  It's like a badly emulated console game.  Absolutely impossible to get any feel.  When you start to pull down on the mouse for backswing, your player has a delayed reaction, same with the downswing.  If you want to hit a 50% shot, good effing luck.  Putting is basically impossible since there's no feel and so much lag between what you do with your mouse and your characters animations on the screen.I immediately regretted my decision to buy this.  Should have just dug up my copy of Tiger Woods Golf 2008 or whatever year it was before EA messed it up.  Strong do not buy unless you like supporting console ports that are worse than your average Ubisoft port.  Honestly, on second thought, I'd rather play a game that has Uplay than play this piece of crap again."
76561198067952548,Not Recommended,269730,15805877,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,brojohn59,I can not play the game I do not know how to swing the club there is no instructions
76561198141154256,Not Recommended,269730,15593301,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,edwardbalthasar,the absolute worst game no idea or instructions on what you r doing terrible graphics game play camera is stop and go.  i would like my back
76561198141542044,Not Recommended,269730,24964693,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,pokergabe13,Sorry guys I don't like the grafix and ammount of content to the game. I played a better game 20 years ago.
76561197970643832,Not Recommended,269730,25947634,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gabriel,Can't figure out how to play this... No help on web site. Was pretty excited about this game - Steam you should not sell crap like this. Will try a refund today.
76561198010557934,Not Recommended,269730,14092981,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,chosenxeno,It's official. Greg Norman is broke. That's the only logical reason for his name to be attached to this abomination.
76561198081119881,Not Recommended,269730,23608079,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Splendid Splinter,This game is a complete waste of your money. DO NOT BUY!!! It will NOT work and you'll just be screwed over. I've had it for close to if not over a year and I've never been able to hit even ONE ball much less play it at all. They are aware of this and there are MANY MANY posts of complaints yet they have NOT FIXED anything. DO NOT give these thieves your money. The game does NOT work. I want my money back and so do MANY MANY others.
76561198116914782,Not Recommended,269730,30440349,Posted: 10 March,all,johnvolz,Difficult controls.
76561198028501382,Not Recommended,269730,11720036,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Manswordmouthsheath,No swing meter = no fun...   Not worth the money...
76561197970407331,Not Recommended,269730,9858381,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,all the devils toys,"Dont buy it, if you have no DX11 compatible GPU."
,Not Recommended,269730,9883334,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,OldProGamer,"Console port, always will be... game was created on the console and being ported over for a few bucks, they'll spend a short time adding mouse/keyboard support until they get ridicules off the platform....Game does not belong on the PC"
76561198149874722,Not Recommended,269730,11863464,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,gerhardvdw65,"What a load of crap!!!!!!!!!!  I spend a lot of money on this and it sucks big time.  I have been playing golf games since 1991 and I have seen better games in the 80's!!!!I cannot control the backswing, I don't know how to putt - oh sorry there's no instructions or anything - just buy it and learn.  It so unrealistic it's not funny.  They should be sued for false advertising!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off right now for spending my money on this!"
76561198165661113,Not Recommended,269730,21771462,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,olasmike,Perhaps the worst golf game ever invented. I strongly recommend to you that you save your money and buy PerfectGolf. The Golf Club sucks and there is no support worthwhile.
,Not Recommended,269730,31301077,Posted: 22 April,all,Badca52,If you are coming in with expectations this will play like the Tiger Woods series then stop here. Game feels like a cheap remake. The swing system is very laggy.
76561197968798778,Not Recommended,269730,9845530,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Chilly,BE WARNED BEFORE BUYING -- There is VERY limited content in this alpha! Definately not worth what they are charging. HOWEVER - Someday this will be an excellent game. I would advise you to wait before purchasing.
76561198382298077,Not Recommended,269730,31202248,Posted: 17 April,all,carlnoble,"Absolutely shocking game, complete and utter waste of money, DO NOT PURCHASE THISHasnt wroked from the outset, no chance of any kind of refund, £35 lost on a dreadful productAGAIN DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198067618992,Recommended,269730,11994059,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,NTNSTY,"Updated Review:After some tweaks to the controls, and wind (it seems to me at least), I am turning my prior thumbs down, to up.  While the current PC controls are still more difficult to master, they seem to have reached a nice balance that is a reasonable compromise.  I'm glad to see that the devs were able to get things fixed up.Previous Review:If I were to have written this review a month ago I would have said nothing but positive things, but after the last update, I can't recommend The Golf Club at all.  Controls (I'm on a PC with a mouse) are distasterous to me.  Others seem to share my frustration while some have adapted to the changes.  They increased the wind factor and it seems every game has outrageous wind.  It's not adjustable at the user level (that I know of).It's a strange thing when an early access game gets worse with time.  Maybe it'll straighten out - if so, I'll try to come back and update this, but for now:  Thumbs Down."
76561198110102048,Recommended,269730,11121450,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,rwpass,"One my faforite golfgames!The other is Perfect Golf.+++ Great brilliant community made courses. Very very nice and cool creations for free! Thanks to all !- - - NO 3 CLICK option to adjust power, so every shot has the same full power and lenght is to easy to calculate. 3 click would give a little more random influence to it.- - -  no switchable greengrid during game with one keyThanks to HB for this great work!"
76561198060583018,Recommended,269730,26214771,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Weekend warrior,Need to add co-opt and texts between online players
,Recommended,269730,27906997,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DarkWing D4ck.™,Laggy at times but A really good game. Reminds me of playing golf on the computer as a kid.
,Recommended,269730,27942276,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jimgem,"Still a great game, without a doubt the best golf game out there.Can't wait for TGC2..."
76561198075778995,Recommended,269730,28334306,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,StickyTampon,The best Golf Game on PC. If Tiger woods PGA Tour was offered for PC this game wouldn't even be in existence. So therefore this game is great.Take a look for yourself what the competition is for this game (other golf games) and  you will find this to blow nearly everything out of the water.Gameplay: 7/10If you are going to use a mouse and keyboard you will be frequently frustrated by how sensitive/inaccurate the golf swing follows the mouse.Just grab an xbox controller or pc controller and you will have plenty of fun and will benefit the play.
,Recommended,269730,27915484,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mASTERcHIEF117,"Even though this game doesn't have a progression system, it is brilliant. The course designer is by far the greatest feature this game has to offer, and where most of its value comes from."
76561198093761096,Recommended,269730,27748138,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,04fubar,Only problem with this game is it takes up too much of my time!
76561198056172351,Recommended,269730,27027232,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,amac2754,consumed my life
,Not Recommended,269730,25854155,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Paul,"Too much to not like for me.With either a mouse or an Xbox controller, it's hard to specify a less-than-100% shot. The putting and chipping power seems to be based on a different scale than fairway play. So, you have to hit the ball significantly harder on the green than off it.The swinging is all analog; there is no three-click power meter. Just as ""Cue Club 2"" uses a power meter while ""Virtual Pool 4"" is all analog, The Golf Club attempts to recreate the more organic ""feel"" of physically moving a thing (mouse or thumbstick) to replicate swinging a club (like the pool cue in Virtual Pool 4.) How well it executes this is up to your taste. I think the power detection is too inconsistent.There are no other people anywhere at all. No computer opponents or spectators at all. Not even when playing a season are there any crowds or applause or anything.There is a disembodied voice that I turned off after playing a few rounds. He continually states the obvious and offers no actual advice and just becomes annoying.I find the Tiger Woods series on Xbox 360 or maybe even the old Microsoft Links 2003 to be superior golf games.."
,Recommended,269730,30025689,Posted: 18 February,all,GStera,"If you have a really good graphics card and add ReShade (Adaptive Sharpen + HDR), this game is incredible. SO skill-based, so if you like Rory McIlroy's Golf (EA's Game), then this is NOT for you."
,Recommended,269730,14998425,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,doctharock,"So after about a year and a half since the last review, I am here to turn that frown upside down. The putting is much much better now. It is a much more enjoyable experience. My only complaint now is that there is no progression, and it drives me silly bonkers that on a perfect swing you can still barely hit it 275 yards. Overall, though, a thumbs up from a previous thumbs down.Original Review (4/2015)I want to like this game. I really do. Overall it is decent. Good graphics. Good modding community. However, what ruins the game completely is the short game and putting. It is almost impossible to get it right, and it is completely inconsistent. If they would fix that, this would be a good game, but I refuse to give it a good rating until they do."
76561198021454773,Not Recommended,269730,12247297,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,leviculus,...
76561198029232777,Recommended,269730,12298704,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,andrew195546,"I like the graphics and the number of courses is many.  The swing system is okay off the tees and fairways but not for the putting. I can get to every green in regulation, then 5 putt because of how incredibly fast all the greens all seem to be and the fact that you have to use the mouse swing.  I won't be buying version 2 but.  I think they could add a different swing method for putting."
76561198053749079,Not Recommended,269730,34448658,Posted: 23 August,all,Nicknamessuk,Just the worst mechanics of a golf game ever. You are better off playing golf on facebook. The controls and courses for new players are beyond hard. I dont mind tough courses but the holes are like none I have ever seen. The rookie holes are very easy but once you take the next step you seem to go right by amateur and into seasond pro. Just no fun.
76561198057286756,Recommended,269730,34784438,Posted: 6 September,all,lrbohman,The caddie sucks a goats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...still... it is a fun game...Frustrating but you ncan improve
,Recommended,269730,35096332,Posted: 20 September,all,pibbs,Best Game!
