user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,269790,10037120,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,ChaseFace,"Most of what I said below still applies, but after seeing how short the game was, how awkward the game's overall control scheme is, and how confusing and nonexistent the plot/character development is, I can't honestly recommend this game to anyone that doesn't have a diverse taste in survival horror games or who aren't enormous Fatal Frame buffs.. My voice over friends being on this project made my first impression a bit biased, and as a longtime gamer I feel like this game was coded somewhat poorly and doesn't hold up well. Just kinda leaves a bad taste in my mouth.---------------------Solid game. The first enemy I saw (about 15 minutes in) literally had me breathless and scared for my life, and most horror games these days don't do it for me.The interesting thing is, I'm a voice-actor, and all my voice-acting friends provide voices for the main cast of characters. They're all experienced professionals and they give the game a believable atmosphere, with crystal-clear audio quality not commonly found in indie games.The only cons I can say so far are the really low-resolution textures (mostly in daylight outside, which is a brief experience) and the very jerky/clunky character animations make you realize just how indie/low-budget the game is. Some characters seem to moonwalk a little bit while the cutscene animations are really jerky and twitchy. It lends itself REALLY well to the scary parts when enemies are twitching and convulsing, but when two girls are playing patty-cake in the beginning it looks super bizarre for some reason.If you ever get stuck like I did (the game throws you in with literally ZERO tutorials) there's a 'How to Play' section at the title screen. It shows you the first enemy you deal with, and it can't be defeated, and it suggests that you need an item to defeat it. I think that's kinda cool, since tutorials ruin the atmosphere and it feels better to search for the answer."
,Recommended,269790,12975197,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HanaSenpaiNOTICEME!!!,"Anyone who has played and enjoyed ""old-school"" survival horror, such as the Fatal Frame/Project Zero games or the first four installments of the Silent Hill series, will probably find something to like about this game. DreadOut borrows A LOT of elements from these two series, from the overall atmosphere of the enivronments to the use of a flashlight and an otherwise mundane, non-threatening object as a means of combat.Graphically, it's good. It's not stupendous, but it's certainly not horrible either. They're about on  par with what you would see in some the better PS2 games, and I mean that in a good way. The ghost designs are well done, especially the larger ones. They all look menacing and the fact that you have to photograph them to drive them off just makes them that much more unnerving. Unfortunately, some of them you may miss if you just press on through the game without doing some exploration outside of the school. The sound design is very well executed, from the ghost sounds to the overall ambience of the evironments. Since the game shrouds you in darkness and limits your field of vision when you do have your light on, sound is you're only indication of what is lurking around you before the visual cues appear. The music also enhances the atmosphere. There was one specific point in the game where the music was so eeire and off-putting that I was hesitant to press on any further. The voice acting is well done, at least the English is. I haven't played with Indonesian audio yet but I'd imagine the lip syncing may be better. The silent protagonist was also a good choice. It's better than listening to someone talk to themselves for the entire length of the game. The overall design of the game shows that a lot of thought was put into making it interesting without it being too cliched. The design of the school seems mazelike and unless you're paying attention to the signs above the classroom doors, it's easy to feel somewhat lost and like you're walking in circles. The puzzles are inventive, requiring you to use the camera to inspect the environment to find the solution rather than just finding a key lying around. The puzzles remind me of the kind you would come across in the early days of Silent Hill.Of course, there are a few gripes. Some of the textures look a little flat in spots. It's particularly noticable in the areas of the game that take place in the daytime. And if you don't take the time to really explore the environments, the game can seem rather short. There's a little replay value, if only to get the achievements, but not much. I was also somewhat irked by the fact that in the demo you could see the environment on the phone screen as you wandered around, even when you weren't in camera view. This isn't in the full game and it's a bit of a bummer. The phone screen is blank until you enter camera view. I know it's minor and it doesn't really affect gameplay, but I thought it was a nice touch and would have been worked into the mechanics somehow. For example: as you're looking around the environment you may notice something pass across the phone's screen that you don't see in normal view, prompting you to go into camera view for closer inspection.  Like I said, nothing major. More a personal opinion.All in all, it's a well executed game and fans of classic console-style survival horror will enjoy this. I just hope the next act will be released in a timely manner."
,Recommended,269790,10039006,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Optimus Rob,"Thanks to Digital Happiness...Good old horror games classics are back!!Immersion, Atmosphere, Fear, a 3rd person perspective, a good old light for the road(mobile in this case) and a crazy, scary frekin' weird storyline...DreadOut delivers all that, mixed with eerie haunted sounds and frightening soudtrack.Puzzles are also a great addition to this ""Back to Old School"" horror game.For a game i thought at 1st, would be so so, it turns out that DreadOut is frekin' good!Horror lovers, you miss good old titles and old school feelingsfrom horror games you had back then?You loved traditional classics like Fatal Frame series or Silent Hill?Search no more! This title is for you! And the good news is...Its a NEW game!The road is blocked ahead... On the horizon, an old abandoned town...Almost frozen in time...Something is terribly wrong here...Take some pictures here and there...Walk with your comrades...You can only hear the wind... And your nightmare begins...For all the horror games devs out there?Take a good look at what is DreadOut...and learn!10/10! In my top 5 horror games of all time!"
,Recommended,269790,17621008,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,VirtualVictory,"Although it may not be one of the most graphically appealing survival horror games, it's certainly worth checking outif it's for the right price.Aspects of DreadOut Worth Praising●Unique Mythology.The concept of using Indonesian folklore in a survival horror game is a unique one and exclusive to DreadOut.●Easy Achievements.Most of the achievements involve you taking a picture or whitnessing something.Aspects of DreadOut Worth Criticizing●Extremely Low Resolution Textures & Pop-In.This game showcases some the of worst textures in recent memory with some textures being worse than in games released 10 years prior! Regardless of your hardware specifications you're going to experience vegetation pop-in.●Settings Don't Update When Selected.You can't get past the first screen inwhich you select the language you desire your subtitles to be in unless you restart the game. You also can't change the resolution to a non-native resolution unless you restart your system while your desktop is in that desired resolution.●Pre-Rendered Cutscene Outfit Issue.Regardless of what outfit you're wearing from the Soundtrack & Manga downloadable content, some cutscenes will feature Linda in her default school outfit."
,Recommended,269790,32159333,Posted: 3 June,all,ChaosPatriarch,"I am very sattisfied with this experience. Short but awesomely great! The best? 2 things. (1) First, there are lots of types of enemies (I respect the work the developers put in doing a wide variety of enemies) and (2) you actually have to take photos of the ghosts to defeat them, after you beat the game and you look at your pictures it seems that you found a missing camera and discovered how this people died. Quite excelent!Sadly this game has one glitch that bothered me but it was tolerable: sometimes the 3rd person camera view will bug and suddenly jump from side to side and if you are running from an enemy you will end up changing directions.Also you discover about the Indonesian Mythology - the begining of the game excels at being scary with the enviroment, music and ghosts. Specially at night, the enviroment was very scary! I like this game :)"
,Recommended,269790,14508365,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Powersocke,"The game itself feels like a stripped down Fatal Frame with a whole bunch of Indonesian ghost lore.If you wanna skip the lengthy part of my review and go straight to the pros and cons, you can find them below.But first things first: the story.You play as the Indonesian high school student Linda and you're just coming back from a trip with your school class. Your teacher drives down a road until she notices a blocked off bridge leading to an abandoned village. You don't know how you came here but you all decide to investigate. After investigating the village you find yourself in the school located there. Something terrible happens and you're trapped. Alone. Your main objective: get the hell out of this place!Linda herself has special abilities which make her sense and see supernatural beings that are nearby as well as items of interest.To stay with the story, it isn't too bad actually. The game is comprised of three acts, act 0, act 1 and act 2. Act 0 acts as a foreshadowing to act 1 and act 2 is the continuation of act 1, released almost over a year after the initial game release.  The story centers around a big chunk of supernatural beings from Indonesian folklore and has many twists to it. Also there are two endings to be achieved. Personally, I got one of the endings and it wasn't bad at all. Also, after act 1 the game gets much less cliché, effectively making everything more enjoyable.But... what about the gameplay? Well, here are the basics:You can run, walk, interact with a lot of doors and items and use your IrisPhone (harhar) to take photos. The camera is the key mechanic of the game. Taking photos is used to defeat ghosts and solve puzzles, the camera vision is also used to uncover hidden passages, invisible ghosts and progress through the game.Then there's the dying mechanic. And by that I mean: you can not ""die"". You may fail, but you will never get a ""game over"" screen. Once a ghost defeats you, you will end up at Limbo. From there you may head to a bright light and you'll be given a chance to go at it again.Also you may collect some items along the way. Even though there is an inventory, there is no combining of items to solve puzzles in any way. Which is kind of a shame, the game had some potential there.Since this is a horror game, the horror oughtta be there, right?Well, it is. As soon as it is nighttime, ghosts start to show up. When encountering some of them for the first time, they can be pretty scary. Through act 0 you will only encounter two of the many ghosts in the game - one of which is a heavy one. You can only sense it and see it through your camera, so when you need to get someplace fast but know there is a ghost breathing down your neck, you're kinda on edge. Act 1 features much more ghosts and if you're not prepared or know how to fight them or successfully get away from them you will get scared a lot. But after a while in act 1, you will know how to deal with those entities and then defeating them kinda loses its scaryness. So the horror doesn't last long. Until act 2, that is.For act 2 brings out a much wider variety of ghost mechanics that will put you on edge if you're playing it for the first time because you will get into situations where you just don't know what to do about them.But the horror doesn't only lie in the ghosts themselves. Act 2 does a lot with its surroundings. I won't spoiler anything though, but let me tell you this much: mirrors are the worst. Aside from that the game does underline its horror a lot with sounds and music, sudden turns of events and a couple of very well-placed jumpscares.It is quite rare that I appreciate jumpscares but the jumpscares in this game are just perfect. You'll never expect them, they will always catch you off guard and they aren't just cheap screamers with overly loud sound. They're good.So overall, the horror in this game will wear off quite quickly during act 1, but that only leads you into a false sense of security because act 2 is just so much different.But speaking of music, the soundtrack of this game features some really nice themes that are doing their job well. Some of them aren't for the horror of the game. These tracks just sound good.Back to the ghosts: A nice thing about this game is that every supernatural being you will encounter actually is a thing from Indonesian lore people in the real world believe in. That's a nice little detail. I adore that.Of course, not everything is good about the game. But this isn't about plot holes, boring combat or anything.The main issue I am going to adress here are the horrendous loading times and the performance which sometimes goes BAD. Also the texture resolution is still hilariously awful and doesn't justify the loading times one tiny bit. Seriously, I thought I forgot some options in the options menu but nope, the textures are just blurry and I can't do anything about it.On occassion this game's performance sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I mean, you're running around, moving your camera and BAM! you look in the opposite direction because the game was frozen for half a second and turned you around. Really annoying at night when you can't see sh*t. And the loading times are just awful. I don't even understand why they are so god damn awful. It's nothing on my end, that's for sure.On the technical side of things, I didn't get any crashes whatsoever. Just some bugs sometimes.On occasion the world won't load fully so you'll se the surroundings pop in one by one. And then there's starting from act 1 or act 2 which sometimes causes game breaking glitches. A restart usually fixes this however.Well, what else about the game?It has got some little details to it that I want to point out here before switching to the pros and cons.If you beat the game once you will be able to go to the back of the car in act 1 and choose between a selection of different outfits for Linda once you start a new game. Some traditional outfits as well as some casual outfits.This game has some pretty nice effects, especially when interacting with some of the ghosts (one in particular that shows up in act 2) up close.And the game has boob physics. Yay...?Also, there's a ton of eastereggs to find. Some are related to the developers, some are related to other horror games and some are just silly little things to brighten up your day.Oh and the English translation is sometimes... hilarious. Yeah. Hilarious. Let's leave it at that.So, off to the pros and cons.Pros:+ A semi-open world for you to explore, find hidden items, secrets and eastereggs+ A variety of different settings, you didn't honestly think all the spookyscariness will be in that school, did you?+ The supernatural beings are all reminiscent of Indonesian folklore+ Solid horror that will keep you on edge upon getting to act 2 because it changes up things dramatically+ Very good sounds and music+ Story's not all bad and got a lot of unexpected turns, some stuff can be foreseen though+ Good English voiceover, good animation quality, nice character design+ Impressive jumpscares+ Big ghost variety+ Runs well most of the time, no crashes+ Boob physics+ Female protagonist (that's always a plus)Cons:- You cannot die- The texture quality on the environment tends to be sub standard- Sometimes your framerate drops to 0 for half a second, effectively annoying the hell out of you- The horror in act 1 wears off quickly- Once you know how to deal with most enemies, killing them gets quite trivial (act 2 fixes a lot of this though)- Some achievements fail to work a lot of times- There's only two acts, wish there were more-+ Dat English translation thoWould I recommend this game? Yes.The horror's pretty decent and at the current price I'd call it commendable.Also it's nice to play an Indonesian horror game for a change."
,Recommended,269790,16520655,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Katori_142,"If you are a horror game fan, you should buy this game. you won't be disappointed!In game, you are Linda, an Indonesian school girl. After car accident, you and your friend are lost in haunted town. You must resolve some puzzle, defeat a lot of ghost by using your smartphone and camera, find the way out of the town.+ Good presentation, This game is from an indie development, So we shouldn't require a great graphics in this game. Graphics is not excelent and nice, But it is not too bad. The positive point is about gameplay and sounds.+ Very good sounds and music, Good voice acting, Music is very scary+ Story's not all bad and got a lot of unexpected turns, some stuff can be foreseen though+ Nice character design, Nice Ghost design, Ghosts are very scary+ Runs well, no crashes+ Female protagonist+ This game support Boob Physics+ Linda is cute- Performance is not stable. Sometimes your framerate drops to 0 for half a second, while u're running or looking around. This issue often happen in a school in act 1- Combat is too simple- Bad animation quality- Poor eniviroment graphics- You can't dieThe horror's pretty decent and it is commendableThank to Digital Happiness for making this game. it is my favorite horror game!"
,Recommended,269790,10053636,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Nepgear Purplesister,"I've been following this game for a very long while now and i've even played the non-steam demo last year they had for download. I have to say the game is really creepy and it offers a very good scary environment. Any fans of Fatal Frame will feel right at home with this game with a warm welcome feeling to new survival horror, because this game uses a similar atmosphere with a smartphone camera as your only defense against the ghosts. As a fan of survival horror games and Fatal Frame I recommend giving it a try. They have the demo on steam and the original demo i played last year."
,Recommended,269790,14664249,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,bowlingotter,"I've played through all three Acts of DreadOut and find it to be a serviceable, worthwhile horror game for hardcore fans of the genre. Here is a detailed video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyiR_TmB0z4"
,Recommended,269790,19787982,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SilentCaay,"This is a fantastic example of the horror genre being done properly in a video game. I didn't know much about it going in, only that you played as a girl with a camera who fought ghosts, so I set the bar low thinking it might just be a bad Fatal Frame knockoff but it's very original despite the parallels. First let's talk about some horror tropes and how the game handles them because a lot of games screw this up...Jump scares are here but they're not the ONLY thing that's here. There's is a lot of tension, build up, anticipation, not knowing what you're going to find around the next corner, etc. In other words, there is a strong focus on the psychological aspects of horror and the game doesn't just rely on jump scares. There is also plenty of times where the tension builds up to... nothing. Yes, even nothing is important in horror. If the audience learns that tense moments always lead to a horrific payoff then the tension melts away due to familiarity. It just becomes systematic. Here they mix it up often enough that you never know exactly what to expect and that keeps you on edge.Darkness is another trope often done wrong but this game handles it in a fairly unique manner. You do have a flashlight and it is better to use the flashlight than not use it but the flashlight itself isn't the best way to light your surroundings. When you bring up your smartphone camera, the world gains an even lighting that makes it easier to see things. Being in camera mode is slow, however, so there's a good balance between moving quickly in low light and switching to your camera to see better. The game also avoids two horror game DON'Ts: flashlight cone of light and batteries. The flashlight has a fairly wide arc of light (although the engine sometimes renders things in darkness that should be lit, this is an engine issue and not a design issue) instead of a narrow cone which is great and it doesn't require batteries/fuel which is fantastic. That's just the beginning, though, because later you get an SLR camera which has a completely different lighting mechanic. Instead of a flashlight you have the camera's flash. The flash lights up the world VERY well but only briefly and when you bring up the camera you're left in the dark until you take a picture instead of having the even lighting of the smartphone. This is a whole new dynamic and you have both the camera and the smartphone so you can switch between them as you like which gives the player choices and different ways to explore the world.Now, onto combat/puzzle mechanics. These almost entirely revolve around the camera. Many ghosts you can just take pictures of when the camera shows static but sometimes you need to work out a pattern or a discover a weak point in order to be able to kill a ghost before it kills you. Puzzles are also mostly about taking pictures of the right things or noticing differences in the world between the world as you see it normally and how you see it behind the camera's viewfinder. While it seems very simplistic, the game keeps everything fresh throughout. Each ghost and puzzle is going to have it's own little twist. There were a few fights and puzzles in the game that I was really impressed with and I don't want to spoil.As for the story, the game does a great job of giving you the backstory through little newspaper clippings and whatnot while giving you the present day story though cutscenes. There are some aspects that probably could have been fleshed out a little better but overall you'll know what's going on by the end. At first it seems like a normal little haunted town but there is a bigger central plot that comes into play near the end so I can't say any more about it.As for criticisms, I have plenty. This is an indie game on a budget so it does have some flaws but overall the great experience overshadows all the flaws. The one flaw I have the biggest complaint about is Limbo. When you die you end up in Limbo and you have to run into the light to get back into the game. Normally this running section gets longer and longer the more times you die and it gets REALLY annoying. There are items you can collect to shorten Limbo, however. IMO, the shorter length should be the standard. The first time I played I missed an item so I wasted many, many minutes running in Limbo during boss fights where I died frequently and I feel that was just a big waste of my time. (Edit: Turns out there is an option in the game for ""Fixed Limbo Length"". Wish I'd known about that earlier. Turn it on to save yourself some grief!)There are also some little quibbles like the low res textures (some are like N64 quality, I know this is indie but sheesh), some audio levels being unbalanced (sometimes a BGM would kick in quite loudly for what I had my volume set to), a few glitches here and there (nothing game-breaking) and some of the ghosts can have particular quirks that make it hard to fight them (one ghost I needed to aim the camera slightly high or I couldn't get static to take a picture and I was completely frustrated before figuring that out) but none of them are enough to detract from this great gaming experience. I highly recommend it even at the full $15 price tag. Pick it up if you enjoy horror games."
,Recommended,269790,33667481,Posted: 20 July,all,Lintire,"""Hey, doesn't that look like the bench we used to sit on in elementary school?""- What?Is it polished? No. Does play well? Not really. Does all of the challenge come from the darkness being so obnoxiously in-your-face that you're not quite sure where you are? Kinda.Would I still recommend DreadOut? Yeah alright. Sure.This is a PS2 game in spirit, that would've been lost to time before the magical garbage world of now. A bargain bin pickup that you spend an evening with and decide that, while it's not perfect by any stretch, it's somewhat enjoyable and does some interesting stuff, then you see a couple years later and think ""Hey, it's that game"" with a half-cocked smile.This is that, and there's no bargain bin bigger than Steam.""Actually, Miss Siska, what we should've done was taken a left turn initially, turned right at the intersection, and then went straight before turning around and making a left instead of a right.""- Yayan who's just sayan.It's hard to make a case for recommending DreadOut because there's really not much that it does well. The enemies are varied, unique in design and patterns, and tend to show up once. The first ""act"" has some nice level intricacy, the second has a bag of interesting moments. When the music decides to play, it's nice too, from the folk music to the contemporary rock.If that sounds weak, yeah. Most of the good aspects are those second-half interesting moments and first-half moments of ""oh this is very close to being good.""Unlike most games that have the habit of opening up as you come to grips with the mechanics, DreadOut starts off with some explorative elements and then immediately clams up, withdrawing into a shell of scripted sequences. The two ""Acts"" are night and day, the shift in development couldn't be more blaring if it tried.A weird situation. I want to say that the game is more fun in the open section out of principle, but there's half a dozen encounters and the rest is just wandering around completely pitch-black areas. But yeah, the darkness. It hurts to look at. I can count two situations where it's used well, and the rest of the time it's just pain.Pitch-black and wide open with a sight distance of ""no"" or pitch-black, enclosed and wholly repetitive. Pick your poison.""We should have turned back at the bridge, this is my fault.""- Miss Siska, being 100% right. Indisputably, absolutely right. Good work Miss Siska. Round of applause. Nevermind another student died.Lamp or two wouldn't have hurt. I know dark is usually viewed as scary, but none of those old games were ever really that dark. Some were grey. At the very least your torch actually worked. Wasn't just a suggestion of a torch that lit up nearby walls while you otherwise ran blind.Most of the interesting moments are in the scripted second half, even with the scripted sections themselves are just weird and not that fun. That sentence itself should tell you how weird this situation is.So to fight all the spooky ghosts, you've got the fairly mediocre mechanics of weaponized selfies and running away.You look through your camera, point and click and hope that you've got the whole hitbox in your line-of-sight. It's not exactly precise, and the hardest enemy in the game is the one with the dumb hole in its back that refuses to register. It's hard because patience. The rest of the time, simply just putting away the camera and going for an emergency jog solves your problems.Movement is weird. Your default walking speed is more of an upright crawl, so don't put away the jogging shoes. You will run into stuff, but health regen has your back. There's no health pickups. No real ammo types either. There's some collectable stuff, but after the first half they pretty much stop with that.""Someone who gained wealth through the practice of dark magic. In their wild-hog form, they are able to drain wealth from surrounding houses which amasses near their current location.""- Description of Babi Ngepet, and most enemies are about as endearingly folksyI'm just confused as to what DreadOut wants to be. If it wanted to be an oldschool Fatal Frame/Resident Evil clone, why does it just stop? Why do all the NPCs just disappear in the first half and are promptly reintroduced and killed in the second? If it wanted to be some litany of weird moments and inventiveness,  why even bother with the lame scripted corridor inbetween sections? Why not marry the two ends and become a great game?DreadOut is a meandering, confused and somewhat irritable game, just like a player wandering that first school area. And that's the weird situation.The final product is... alright. And thus goes the most lukewarm recommendation I've ever put to paper. It doesn't so much leap the minimum bar as it does get a running start, break out into a confused dementia tapdance and then stumble over it.Are you interested in a game that's janky, somewhat interesting and has some surface oldschool appeal? Then this is here for you. It doesn't push either the oldschool intricate half or potentially insane half nearly enough, but there's an attempt made in both and that's enough to stick out."
76561198056318091,Recommended,269790,12976504,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Vladamorsi,"I personally enjoyed this game, although it was short (Probably because it was only act 1). It had good aspects to it.-The atmosphere was very creepy-The sounds and music in this game make you feel uneasy-The ghost in the upper right wing scared the ♥♥♥♥ outta me-Feels like a mix of silent hill and fatal frameThe not so good stuff about it:-Graphics are meh-Story is also pretty meh (so far)Final Rating: 9/10 would throw headphones again (Thanks Upper Right wing ghost)Can't wait for part 2!"
,Not Recommended,269790,34524794,Posted: 27 August,all,CorvusCorax,"DreadOut is a fun, albeit mediocre videogame developed by an Indonesian company. The game uses similar mechanics to those of Fatal Frame, a game released exclusively on console more than a decade ago.Pros:+++ great concept: the game is played from a third-person perspective, but changing to first-person view is a must with our smartphone and digital camera if we want to hurt / eliminate the enemies that are all ghosts and possessed beings+++ an interesting story: our characters (students probably on a schooltrip) find themselves in an abandoned town out of a sudden and they start to investigate (and soon nightfall arrives and spectres appear)+++ appropriate longevity: this seems to be a typical indie game, yet, its 6-hour long story offers a good length; extra walkthroughs can be done for missed-out 'cheevosCons:--- ugly graphics: Unity or not, the game was released in 2014. Some of the textures look pretty ugly, while the monsters and related effects are quite decent.--- story not finished: I know there is an expansion or some sort of sequel, still, the story ends with a cliffhanger which bothered me as not much was explained as to what was happening. We find some articles here and there that barely shed light on the story of this abandoned settlement--- extremely tedious, irritating boss battles: there are some sequences that are extremely annoying. For instance, at one point we have to run from a possessed being who occasionally jumps at us lowering our life in the process. We have to restart a couple of times to know where to go, however, even when we know our destination we know we're going to be captured a few times. Not many hints are provided as to how to eliminate the bosses and even when we know it the process is very tiresomeDreadOut is a good game for those loving the horror genre. It has some mistakes here and there that for me can only mean it was left unfinished. There are some annoying sequences that almost made me stop playing - parts that were challenging not because of the real difficulty but because of the awful control mechanics. In case some of these were revamped in the sequel then I'll gladly complete that one."
,Recommended,269790,32795459,Posted: 25 June,all,White Vans,"This game for $1.49 (2017 summer sale price) is an absolute steal, seriously, it's about a candy bar. I got nearing 5 hours of tense chiller entertainment. The controls are decent. I experienced a bit of graphical glitches in the game here and there (may just be my PC), but it's overlooked as the game is 100% playable & is true to its atmosphere. Out of my entire playthrough I received one crash, but the game autosaves are the perfect wingman. There's a lot to this game I'm sure I've missed, so if you're looking for a survival horror you where you can pay more attention to detail and be more immersed in the world then this is for you.TL;DR - absolute gem"
,Not Recommended,269790,10459675,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Katana,"In terms of graphics or production values, I actually thought DreadOut kind of hit the mark well - no game with AAA graphics has ever really managed to feel tense or unnerving - it's that realm where graphics are hard to recognize or drab in which you can really feel unsure even about walking down a simple dark hallway.As it is, what puts me off of this game is the complication in figuring out what you're meant to do at times. Being lost and needing to explore is actually very favorable in my opinion - I HATE when a game becomes a simple matter of tracing objective markers. But for a long time, I was going several play sessions not figuring out what I needed to try next in the game, as after a certain point the entire school is available to you, with no hints as to where to go next.A couple of recommendations for the developers that might be pretty simple ways of improving parts of the experience:- When a ghost is first encountered, update the Ghostpedia right away. Also, provide a simple button prompt (ie, Tab, or the Y button) to go directly to that ghost's page. If someone's clueless as to the method of defeating it or strategies, that might give them some encouragment. (And after it's beaten, that's useless) To give players some breathing room, have the ghost start out with some ""taunt"" animation that takes several seconds in which the player can realize the cutscene's over, etc.- When the player has reached some new area in which there's something they need before leaving, don't let them leave until they have it; for instance, lock them in the left wing of the school until they take the puzzle picture from the crumbled balcony (at this point, I started re-exploring the whole school not sure where to go). This could be accomplished several ways. A) A demonic wall appears behind them and vanishes after they have the item (not great, as players won't think to check the wall again) or B) Have a simple one-way gate like a longer drop, and a normal locked door to escape, from which they need to obtain a key from the same spot. (For instance, maybe after taking the picture, the cat could be holding a key)- An alternative for my previous problem might be more focus on the Journal. I did follow the game's loading screen tips of looking at it when I didn't know what to do, but there were definitely points in which the top item (There is a locked cupboard, it could be useful) didn't take me anywhere useful, as I had only one guess where the key was, and no guess how to retrieve it. Maybe the top item could be highlighted, to show that that's what you should currently do as other objectives may not be available. For more detail, it could progress like this::: With that ghost out of the way, the left wing's second story can now be explored.:: There are strange markings visible in the lobby from the second story.:: There's something strange about this picture...For a first game by a country that does not often do game development, it's a great effort. If you see this on sale under $5 and you enjoy horror games, I'd say go for it. But, currently it's not a lot to offer and can be kind of frustrating with its lack of player-information.(I will try to remember to update this when the second act comes out)"
,Not Recommended,269790,10177312,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Ghostface Q,"I went in with a head full of high hopes.  Unfortunately, the few decent ideas this game has are ruined by completely miserable gameplay and design.  Expect bugs, enemies that will stunlock you to death, a system that punishes the player for dying by making them wait arbitrary, incrementally-increasing amounts of time to respawn, obtuse, illogical puzzles, poor voice acting and translation work, dated graphics, stiff, absurd character animation, directionless pixel hunting, paths that continue infinitely instead of dead-ending...About that death system?  When your character dies, you get to engage in the delightful minigame of running in a straight line towards a respawn point.  The first time you die, the jog takes about 15 seconds.  With each death the run becomes longer and longer.  As soon as you die, the game autosaves and checkpoints you, so there's no way of avoiding this sequence.  By the time I quit out to write this review, I counted the tedious errand taking upwards of a minute.  The developers brag about this mechanic in the in-game manual.I don't like this game.  It's a shame, because there's some genuinely cool imagery and a handful of good scares, but the experience of playing it is nothing but frustrating.  Put your money towards one of the many other more polished and enjoyable horror games on Steam."
76561197963869143,Not Recommended,269790,13277270,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,maddick,"I'm going to be as honest as possible about this game without coming across totally scathing, but this game is just not up to par. I would even say that it's not really a passing grade.Let me start with what is good. The sound was amazing. Music and musical changes as well as ambient noises make for a great deal of atmosphere and scare-factor in these games; clearly the developers and designers of this game realized that. The models used for the creatures and ghosts also struck me as unsettling and scary.The price is also affordable which is a bonus.But I guess that's it.Graphics were sub-par. I can foregive this however and would encourage you to look past graphics when making a purchase in the horror genre. I think too much emphasis on graphics can actually ruin a well designed game.But this game didn't strike me as well designed. My first frustration was centered around the inarticulate communication of what is seemingly the first real puzzle. A help screen can be accesssed in the games menu and when all else fails, the main character also keeps a journal that can be referenced at any time. Presumably, to help with solving puzzles. As you might have guessed this was not the case with the first puzzle. You are left to wander the halls aimlessly looking for anything to help you. The only clue from the journal? I need something sharp. The rest of the puzzles mechanics are just ""dropped"" on you with the anticipation that you'll piece together what the developers were driving at. I can appreciate this approach to puzzle/horror games (Riven and Myst were both fun and did similar things) but I became frustrated with the pig/key puzzle and its abstruse and very obscure ""picture of what could look like bad graphics on the ceiling"" solution.After spending so much time pacing the hallways to figure out this puzzle, the fright of the game had become entirely deflated. With my frustration now outweighing the atmosphere, I carried on with the puzzle in to a room where I need something sharp. The first item I see of notable worth in the room? A pair of scissors. I don't just get the scissors though. I need to go over to a crib (for what reasons I'll never understand since I'm not looking for a crib) and trigger a boss fight. Okay. Bosses are usually another side of a game that can be fun and interesting.Nope. The pairing of cloogy controls and a constrained space (you fight in an enclosed room) are the only reasons this fight can be considered ""challenging"". The space was a good idea. The controls were not.You spend a great deal of game-time in third person following the main character with a pretty typical control scheme. Moving the mouse moves the camera while you use the keyboard to interact (E) and move (WSAD). The flashlight on your phone is turned off/on with (F) while the right mouse button puts you in ""first person"" mode where you look through the camera of the phone to snap a picture with the left mouse button. Doing so to a ghost deals damage to them. You cannot move quickly while taking these pictures. Why? Because screw you. That's why.Those controls are reasonable. But it leaves you impared when attempting to swap between third and first person modes and quickly line-up a snap-shot of anything.And guess what this fight demands of you? You guessed it. So here you are, in a tight space, moving from third to first person, which in turn slows you down or speeds you up, attempting to take pictures of a ghost that is phasing in and out of existence around you. All that was truly needed was a bit more indication of where this ghost was going to appear next or maybe slightly more space, but there is no way to ""quickly"" look behind you and check all angles. You  have to run in short circles in the middle of the room whipping the camera around just enough to line up a snap-shot and hope you don't get so much as nicked by the boss, because then you'll be locked out of recovery and defeated.What's so bad about being defeated? Well, when defeated (killed) you are sent to a spirit world. Your task here? Wait for your character to pick her sorry butt up off the ground then run a soul-crushing distance (about 20 or so seconds) back to the light and re-enter the frustrating game that sent you here to begin with. Every time you are defeated. Wait for her to get up ~sigh~ Run for a mind-numbing 20 seconds to the light ~sigh~ Try again.Look. I know many are not  going to take well to my review. Haters gonna hate. But more of my time was spent running to the light, wandering hallways aimlessly, and doubting my purchase than was spent enjoying the game. I never finished the first boss. Like many other games that frustrate me, I will likely return and complete the game; a kind of ""due diligence"" on my part. I did so with the original Red Faction game as well (also a terrible game).  But I ultimately don't recommend this title. It lacks both polish and necessary (not even good... just necessary) design elements."
76561198111674935,Not Recommended,269790,31010425,Posted: 7 April,all,sidneyc1990,"On paper, it sounded like an incredible idea; reviving the spirit of Fatal Frame, and shifting the focus on Indonesian folklore. There's something beautiful about the legends and myths coming from Southeast Asia, and being able to experience that would have been a refreshing change of pace from the saturated crowd of J-Horror.Unfortunately, on paper is all it ever delivers.The game is largely unfinished, unpolished, and a mish-mash of different ideas that come together in a ferocious mess. There are moments of brilliance, but too few and far between. There's hardly any character development, there is hardly enough time to get to know these characters, and there is hardly enough sense put into the game to understand what the hell is going on. All of this culminates into a climax that's actually good, but feels hollow - it's like we skipped a few cutscenes and levels in-between and went straight for the final boss.The team is understandably small, but they've bitten off more than they can chew. There's signs of troubled development and broken promises. The game had potential and should have been longer. Splitting into 2 parts meant the game had been rushed.It's more of a proof of concept rather than a real game.The Demo for the game is actually better than the full game. Even the prologue sequence, which is supposedly identical to the Demo, is a step down, perhaps due to the new engine.It's a shame, really. I was one of the people who looked forward to the full release, and was ultimately let down, twice."
76561198037000675,Recommended,269790,16575019,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LycanLoner,"Hunting poltergiests with a camera, fun, challenging, replayable. If you enjoy atmospheric horror (Fatale Frame, Silent Hill, Haunting Ground, Clock Tower 3, Obscure) you should enjoy this game as well."
,Recommended,269790,12255382,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"If you were a Fatal Frame cult fan back in the day, this one's a no brainer."
,Recommended,269790,20148204,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sunny Senpai,The Good:Cute Protagonist :3Okayish GraphicsThriller StoryLots of Jump ScaresPitch Black EnvironmentsThe Bad:Performance IssuesCampaign's a bit shortGreat Horror Experience I've had in a while8.5/10
76561197970701643,Recommended,269790,24800259,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Alot of Steam-Greenlight games are con-jobs, hacks using unity asset flips, getting through greenlgiht by dubious means,Here, we have a game jusifies greenlights existence. A spooky ghost game with a Indonesian developer (which will be alien to pretty much all of us) who actually cares about creating  a good product.2spooky4me."
,Recommended,269790,14509760,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Nivellium,"as an Indonesian, i found that act 1 is not that scary.i've seen worse before in real lifelol.but the act 2, that was just released a few days ago, is really freakin scary.the developer managed to built the haunting atmosphere with ethnical music, clothes and myth properties. somehow it succeeded scaring me intensely (try playing it with headphone guys).also the survival aspects make it even better, geared with only phone's flashlight and SLR camera.the sound is the best part here, sometimes you can hear strange voices come out of a sudden. the puzzles are also pretty nice.so overall+ great atmosphere+ the side missions are decent+ love the puzzles+ the sound is the best aspect+ ghosts have detailed information- mediocre storyline- graphics are meh- performance issues (FPS dropped when dozens of tuyul appeared -_-)- too short, we want moarrrrrr!!!- the environment is too smallP.S. : linda is so hawt man, would bang 69/10"
76561198060177272,Recommended,269790,32337929,Posted: 11 June,all,Wolfik71,"For me yes yes and yes, good story good graphics, good control.  Dont play at night. Its not easy."
76561198128824635,Recommended,269790,13016333,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Phyton,"amazing atmosphere,good gamegood storygood visualhope theres always have update for this gamemore story > more ghost to be explorelike that :)"
,Recommended,269790,19953070,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,±Ukiyo-Sol±,"Certainly a good horror game to play if you're ever craving that ""old school"" feel. I love the fact that this game doesn't breadcrumb the way to your objectives and simply provides hints. There's also a good deal of new ""ghosts"" for those who are used to only seeing japanese ghosts and the like.I'm sure you will also enjoy this game if you decide to open your mind and give it a chance!"
76561198048974498,Recommended,269790,11524647,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I'd like to start this review by congratulating the designers, who by and largely succeeded in making one of the most atmospheric, spooky and genuinely fascinating horror games of recent years. I'd then like to move on to saying ♥♥♥♥ YOU, YOU ♥♥♥♥ING MOTHER-♥♥♥♥ERS, for creating such a ludicrously CHILDISH way of ""punishing"" the player for the seemingly unforgivable crime of...wait for it...DYING IN A VIDEO GAME. What is this punishment, you ask?Well, the first couple of times it's actually kind of groovy. Your character awakens in a ""Limbo"" of sorts, lying on the floor of an otherwise featureless landscape surrounded by lit candles. She finds her feet, and soon enough you figure you may as well run towards a coalescing light nearby. Sure enough, you slowly emerge back into the land of the living, and may continue where you left off.  Sounds pretty nifty, huh? TRY DOING IT MORE THAN TEN TIMES IN A SINGLE SITTING.But wait, there's more! The light...get this, you're gonna love this...the light MOVES FURTHER AND FURTHER AWAY EVERY TIME YOU DIE, until it's eventually, like, a minute or more's running distance away. In other words, not only are you rewarded with a two-minute wait before you can get back to trying to work out just how to get past that tricky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a boss bit, but you can't even walk away for those minutes like you would with a slow load screen, unless you have a pet monkey you can train to SIT THERE FOR TWO ♥♥♥♥ING MINUTES HOLDING THE ""SHIFT"" AND ""W"" KEYS DOWN!!!I can tell the people who made this game are very talented, but apparently they either don't give a damn about public opinion or they don't know how to do STEAM UPDATES. Because given the number of negative reviews I've seen complaining about this particularly ""striking"" and ""unique"" feature, I for the life of me cannot understand why the designers haven't decided to PATCH this INSANELY BAD IDEA. Seriously, it's stupid, and insulting, and to add further insult you start getting on-screen comments like ""You might want to consider switching to casual gaming"" whilst running towards the light for the umpteenth time. Oh yeah, TROLLING people who shelled out good money for your game...genius.Let us seriously, SERIOUSLY hope that this nonsense is gone - or at least severely lessened - by the time that Act Two of an otherwise excellent game rears its head, 'cause honestly Digital Happiness, it's the only conceivable reason I can see why this game has such an appalling Metascore. Apart from this highly significant flaw, and perhaps one or two puzzles/boss-battles which rely just a little TOO much on obscure solutions, this is top-rate horror gaming. Oh, and a map wouldn't hurt either. But honestly, the main criticism I have is the ""dying"" system (which you can't even circumnavigate by re-loading, thanks to you getting an auto-save the second said death occurs).The people who make games this good deserve respect, but you know what? So do the people who PLAY them. Wake up, designers. We're not all uber-gamers who devote our lives to spending sixteen hours a day in front of the computer. By all means make the games challenging, but please refrain from tactics which just make people wanna relinquish their support for your product (and future products) altogether. I'm sure the ""Limbo"" idea was cute on paper, or in design meetings, but don't make the game-buying public your ♥♥♥♥ing guinea pigs. Cheers.Verdict: 8.5/10 (subject to improve if the developers grow a conscience and ""do the right thing"").LONG OVERDUE UPDATE: Okay, so I finally deigned to play the second and final Act of this game, after finally abandoning my long wait for the devs to return the ""new"" 32-bit version of the game to its former 64-bit glory (don't even ask...Google it if you gotta). First up, regarding my little rant above...yes, the devs did more-or-less address the infamous ""never-ending Limbo"" issue, not by removing it entirely, but by adding an option where you could set it at the initial, much shorter running distance. This is obviously a lot less annoying, but still pushes one's patience by the fortieth time that it occurs.So what do I now think of the game as a two-part whole? Well, I gotta say, despite many reservations I still hold about it, I'm quite happy to raise my Verdict to a 9 (but no higher). It still has a TONNE of problems, but nonetheless easily qualifies as one of the best third person survival horror games to come down the turnpike in a long while. Let's see if the newly-released Keepers of the Dark side-game improves upon the tremendous potential shown herein.Revised Verdict: 9/10."
,Recommended,269790,12851247,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rysaurus™,Great representation of what the horror genre needs to focus on. I feel like the genre has lost focus on real scare tactics. -cough- EVIL WITHIN -cough.The only complaint that I have is that I'm impatiently waiting on act 2.
76561198074546404,Recommended,269790,11884520,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Lizten,"Okay so in the immediate beginning of the game , where the car stops at the bridge;You can turn around and walk the other way , up the road the car came from.I do not reccomend this , i can safely say that 1,5 hours of walking that path will lead you to nothing but trees and more road.I will keep you updated whether or not i will find something after 2 hours.So yeah great graphics on the road , good treesApart from a few slight left and or right turns the road didn't differ very much , but i guess i'll take it.Overall , as much as i've seen from this game...I give it 9 deserted - never ending roads out of 10"
,Recommended,269790,22923937,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,This game is similar to Fatal Frame.What to expect:involving storymany ghostsjumpscaressome puzzlesand a lot of photos...
76561198170454758,Recommended,269790,32169512,Posted: 3 June,all,All Might,"I have to say this reminds me a lot of silent hill and is one my favorite horror games to date.  This game has an amazing story and the gameplay is awesome, the puzzles were tough and the monsters were well designed"
76561198025500477,Recommended,269790,15613745,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,fluttahkitty,"I would reccomend this game but one big warning that barely anyone seems to mention. YOU CANNOT LOAD YOUR SAVES! That, to me, is a huge deal since I can't always just sit down and play an entire game in one go. If they fix that, I'd probably give the game a good review.Some people say the graphics are ok, and I'm fine with them. The majority of the gameplay is ok - but some things could be tweaked. There are times if you're hit, you're going to lose because the enemy can constantly hit you and knock you down over and over again before you can even get up to move.The story isn't bad but I think it also could use with some fixing so people could understand a little more of what's going on, if they wanted it to be somewhat vague - that's fine then I suppose.If I could give this a neutral review I probably would. I wouldn't reccomend buying it at full price, when it's on sale is more acceptable."
76561198083923943,Recommended,269790,23443107,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NexusTheDino,"This game is not for everyone and I'll keep the review spoiler free.Simply put, the genre's are Horror and Supernatural, if that one even exists.You go around snapping photos of ghosts while trying to find your classmates and teacher to escape the haunted village.Now why would I say it's not for everone?-The story itself wouldn't make sense, especially the ending, if you aren't good with mythology or understanding what's going on.-Limbo, after death, can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to travel through if you die multiple times. To avoid this, go to the Experience Settings and then press the cute little button that fixes Limbo at a certain distance.-It is dark and maze-like. The first level, the school, is more of an open area you need to explore and find objects to continue with the story. Sometimes it can be very confusing and getting lost can be easy. Some parts are harder to complete than others but you could always cheat and look up a guide if you need one.-Some ghosts/monsters are unforgiving and can kill you many times before you figure out a strategy or way to survive.-Graphics aren't that bad but for people who want beautiful design, yeah probably not the game for you.Why is it good?-Various ghosts that have nice design and give a good and scary vibe.-Music. Music. Music, It fits perfectly, or at least well, in the game. Some of it is in a different language but it really doesn't matter much.-Each ghost gives you lore, in a journal you have, after beating it.-The Horror genre is very present and is heavily present throughout the game.-The scenery isn't bad, even with somewhat old graphics.-It's well worth your money on sale.-Of all the Horror indie games I've played throughout the years, this is one of my honorable mentions. It fills out it's role well and doesn't copy paste objects repeatedly or even repeat the same sounds a hundred times over (unless you sit there for an hour listening :P)-Easter Eggs like UFOs.-Sorta has Side Quests.Overall, if I were to rate this I would give it a 7/10.The story is actually really interesting if you can figure it out or read it from elsewhere. The DLC is decent I suppose. It's worth it on sale and the comic looks nice too. I'll write more if I get the time for that xD"
,Recommended,269790,10211969,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Fertile Ape,"Dreadout's first humanoid ghost is the scariest encounter I've had in a game so far.I'm 27, and I've played all of Fatal Frame, Silent Hill, STALKER, Resident Evil, White Day, Metro 2033/LL, Siren, AvP, Dead Space, Condemned, Amnesia, and Ecco.NOTHING has gotten me like that ghost got me. I knew it was coming from a mile away, and all I could do was let it ♥♥♥♥ me while I screamed and my neighbors threatened to complain.This♥♥♥♥♥♥will make your balls jump into your throat."
,Recommended,269790,26411545,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","DreadOut is a game that's pretty much only held back by its budget. While on the surface it is just a Fatal Frame clone, the basis on Indonesian mythology makes things pretty interesting. Some of the ghosts you'll fight are huge, some are tiny, and some aren't even human; there's a lot of variety to them that makes encountering a new ghost more fun than in the Fatal Frame series. The only problem is that due to it being a small indie game, it's pretty short, and sometimes their ideas don't quite live up to their execution (like a large mansion area where almost all of the doors are just scenery), and sometimes the player camera can be a bit buggy, particularly with getting your phone's light to shine in the right direction sometimes in the school area. But even though it might not always live up to what it seems like the developers were trying to do, it's still a pretty solid horror game, and if you're a fan of Fatal Frame I would definitely recommend it."
76561198055693421,Recommended,269790,32278707,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,"This is more of a 'cinematic' game.  No real action to speak of.  Run from ghosts, take their picture to scare 'em off and whittle through the story.  Overall - I recommend this game if you enjoy story games blended with mild action (somewhat like the Alone in the Dark/Fatal Frame series)."
76561198006541362,Recommended,269790,16976931,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Dreadout is an old school survival horror inspired by Indonesian ghost tales and lore: its roots and the original ghosts they spawned are the game's strong point and provide some interesting encounters that are sadly often blemished by clunky combat and a few annoying bugs.PROS:-great soundtrack and sound design-original and truly disturbing ghosts-each ghost needs a different strategy to be beaten thus keeping you on edge-unsettling, creepy atmosphere mantained through the whole game-extra collectibles provide background to the storyCONS:-below average graphics even on High settings, textures are quite blurry-wooden animations-combat feels clunky due to the time it takes to bring the camera up and the slow first-person speed-boss battles alternate between easy and frustrating-little character depth-a few situations can be confusing due to not following the usual rules or not being properly hinted at (e.g. having to use the flash at a certain location, having to actually die at a certain point etc)-the whole story is never properly explained and, after the end, you're left wondering what exactly happened and why-despite being a year old and several patches there's still quite a few annoying bugs and while they're not gamebreaking they sure are annoying. I experienced achievements not unlocking properly, camera hits not registering on enemies and a couple scenes not playing properly: all those were solved by a checkpoint reload but the fact they're still in the game shows poor programminghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=478730364Despite my grievances with it Dreadout is still a pretty decent, if not good, game: the various ghosts are all pretty interesting and, while more unsettling than truly scary, work pretty nicely in keeping you under pressure. The atmosphere is pretty strong and will make you feel uneasy and threatened most of the time.We never got Fatal Frame on PC so this can work as a poor man's substitute if the Cons list hasn't disheartened you too much: just wait for a 50% or more sale."
,Recommended,269790,29278302,Posted: 15 January,all,December Man,"This game has many flaws:- the graphics are PS2 era quality,- the gameplay mechanics are painfully simple and lack any kind of depth,- the story is told in such a way so that people have to puzzle it together and interpret it, but it pretty much fails, since not enough story is presented, and what IS presented, is a mess,- Act 0 and Act 1 play like old school survival horror games but Act 2 is full of scripted (obviously experimental) sequences,- the voice acting is poor,- some of the achievements are broken...And despite all of this, it is still better than 95% of the indie horror garbage on Steam. While it is not particularly scary, it does create tension (which is very rare in horror games these days), it has bucketloads of atmosphere, and some of the ghosts and sequences are really well done. Overall, I hope the developer gets more funding and gains more experience, since there is a LOT of untapped potential here.<edit>Forgot to mention. The gameplay is heavily inspired by Fatal Frame / Project Zero series of games (taking photos of ghosts), however DreadOut  tries not to blindly mimic it. Unlike FF, DO has something I call ""monster ghosts"" as in ghosts not of people, but monsters, paranormal beings. Additionally, the story is nothing like FF. It is safe to say that DreadOut's developers managed to create their own identity unlike some well received indie horror games *cough* Lone Survivor *cough*.</edit>"
,Recommended,269790,14453705,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,eriol33,"maybe because I'm an indonesian, these ghosts are not that scary enough (they are frequently used in cheap B movies). however people from different country may be enjoy the thrill more than I do (I find ghosts from other asian countries are scarier than the ones in my country.)The atmosphere is creepy, but not incredibly scary. Could have used creepier, atmospheric music.the only thing annoy me in this game is probably the game over sequence.EDIT: Just saw some screenshots from the act 2, I may revise my comments of being not scared later on."
,Recommended,269790,32837357,Posted: 26 June,all,Don John,"Feels like it came from the golden age of survival horror, before everything turned into over the shoulder action.  Much like those days, some of the puzzles are tough as hell.  Very reminiscent of Fatal Frame, and I learned all about Indonesian ghosts."
,Not Recommended,269790,10932712,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dros Hyrozan,"Great Premise, Terrible design. This game is been in a streak of bad horror games Ive been suckered into buying lately based on an awesome idea only to have it brutally murdered by terrible game design. Lets start at the top, the game looks and feels pretty cheap(which its mainly because its an indie studio) but the dialogue is just plain terrible. The game gives you  VERY shoddy direction( Im not asking you to hold my hand but when I have to go and google my way out of a problem because the objective literally has nothing to do with what you're doing then we have a major problem.), its very bland and has boss fights that makes you hate the game because they are just plain unfair, adding to the fact that everytime you die you get penalized by having to spirit walk for X amount of minutes that increases each time you die making it a lesson in fultility,frustraton and joylessness. Overall avoid this game like the plague, if a dev refuses to fix major problems dont give them your money."
,Recommended,269790,10414318,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"I thought this would have been scarier. Its mostly just pop out scares. I do like some of the interesting info about the creatures once you look at their bio. The school is confusing at first because everything looks alike. Once you run around for awhile you kinda get it. Worth playing, its short..but i've played shorter. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,269790,13629387,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,aszent,"This game isn't the worst horror game I've ever played...but it's not the best either. This game isn't nearly as good as I expected it to be. If you are considering buying this game because you think it looks like Fatal Frame, then you should read my review first.This game has less to do with encountering ghosts and more to do with solving difficult puzzles. Don't get me wrong...I love puzzles! I wouldn't have a problem with a few short puzzles in a horror game. It becomes a problem when I spend so much time trying to solve puzzles that I'm no longer being scared by the game. Instead, I end up being frustrated.Also, the game lacks balance. The first ghost you encounter is a violent giant pig that apparently CAN'T BE KILLED! Why is this the first creature I encounter? Why not start with a very basic enemy to help you get a hang of the controls? I don't know! Makes no sense. Also, the first boss you encounter is nearly impossible. You fight a ghost with scissors in a small space that requires you to have impossible reflexes in order to even have a chance at victory.At the end of the day, this game isn't fun or scarry, but frustrating. I'm hoping that the developers take all these things into consideration before they release Act 2."
,Recommended,269790,14502577,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,0dds_0f_Even,"I finally did all the Acts Dreadout had to offer so now I want to share my thoughts on what the game delivered, what it lacked & what could've been added.SPOILERS ARE COMING BEWAREAlright just to get the negatives out of the way the story is one of those hit & miss kinds (It's also very vague) because it isn't that interesting to me, there was no connection with the other NPCs in the game to care about, there are some bugs in Act 2 that sort of annoy me, Linda needs to attend more gym class because she runs too slow & I think that's all the cons that I can think of that ruin the game for me so now we'll go to the good part.The game really shines with the gameplay because it's focused on delivering ghosts that are talked about in indonesian culture & also heavily influenced by the Fatal Frame games (Maybe a bit of silent hill because of some of the ghosts) with some chilling music composed with all sorts of instruments to really give you some goosebumps while your hunting for ghosts with your cellphone & camera. Each ghost also has some lore behind them including some disturbing ones like the scissor phantom for example (Here's his storyhttp://dreadout.wikia.com/wiki/Scissor_Phantomgive it a read) & also the achievements have a few references (Also a few achievements with hashtags & pop culture) like for example the Attack On Titan achievement is a reference to the post apocalyptic anime that everyone craves about including me (Here's the IMDB page about the showhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt2560140/in case I sparked some curiosity for people that never heard about it). The game is also set in an semi open world so there is a lot to explore but it's more difficult to adventure at night, the options menu is ok, the game can also be played with controller & if you really want a hardcore experience turn off all the hints in the options menu.The only thing I wish the game had was a better connection with the other NPCs but there's other suggestions you can add in this forum herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/269790/discussions/0/558755530214691567/because the devs are listening & I like game devs that respect their consumers but overall the game has been cleaned up from past issues so that's a plus. I think that's all I have to say about this game & if you have anything to say about this review leave feedback it helps me a lot.For a bonus I'll just leave some Indonesian ghost folklorehttps://archive.today/2TNjVhttps://archive.today/4VeRg"
,Recommended,269790,25977848,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Blank,Fantastic horror game. Fans of the Fatal Frame franchise will be delighted to have a clone like this for the PC platform.
76561198045248630,Recommended,269790,18749424,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Adelion,"DreadOutis a horror game playing in an indonesian setting. It is seperated in three acts: 0,1 and 2 where act 0 is equal to the demo of the game. Personally, I found playing Act 0 as first a bit irritating.Well, with act 1 the actual story is set in motion. A group of high school students and their teacher Miss Siska are (after taking a wrong turn) arriving at an empty village. You are playing as Linda Meilinda and you start exploring the village together with your friends until you arrive at an old school building, the home of several ghosts.As for the gameplay: Linda the main protagonist has the ability to fight the ghosts by taking pictures of them with her smart phone. Normally you play in an over the shoulder perspective which changes to first person perspective while using the phone. To help you, especially playing the first time, there are several hint indicators. A red vignette if enemies are nearby, blue if a pickable item is nearby, and a phone glitch if a ghost is in damaging range of your phone. Some of the ghosts are only visible through your phone, others are invincible or have special weak points so you always need to pay attention and can't get to relaxed. The atmosphere of Act 1 is eerie and really tense and you are always on your toes. The area is pretty large and you can loose directions easily. There is interesting stuff and ghosts to find. Starting with Act 2, after the school building, I felt the game got more linear which made it partially easier but it still has a wonderful tense atmosphere. From time to time there are some small jump scares but the game relies more on its atmosphere.For the Story: The Story ofDreadOutis interesting but there is a good chance for you to ""miss"" it completely. Most of the stuff you need you, is shown during your playthrough (Cutscenes, Pictures on the wall, etc.). But it isn't explained to you at all so it can seem confusing. Especially for Act 2 I personally got lost inbetween. There is a greater picture and it is recommanded to play the game again a second time after making yourself a picture of the story. As achievement hunter you need to complete the game several times anyways.For the completion time: If you know what you have to do you can complete the whole game (including the optional area in the beginning of the game) in around two hours so that is pretty short. But the first time playing you will probably need around 5-6 hours. As an achievement hunter there is a lot to do: Finding easter eggs, hunting down all ghosts, getting the alternative ending and more.Although I criticize the ""narration"" style of the game, especially of Act 2 and also Act 0 I can only recommand this game. After completion I read a bit in the forum and read about story interpretations. After doing this you can appreciate the game much more. Maybe you are smart enough to figure out everything yourself. Even with the first time confusing story the game lives so much through its excellent atmosphere and tension. So buy the game, support the developers, complete the game and if you find the time complete it a second time. The game is worth your time.PS: If you have questions just post them here and I'll try to come back at them as fast as possible.PPS: I have ignored the graphical aspects of the game since I don't care for them to much. But some users reported glitches and other problems. Also the textures are somewhat dated. If you are not a ""graphic ♥♥♥♥♥"" it shouldn't bother you too much."
,Recommended,269790,10657474,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,USUX,"I enjoyed this game much more then watch dogs, further proof that indie games are the way to go."
,Recommended,269790,14491355,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Toppest Ramen,Ghost threw a cat at me and I died 10/10
,Not Recommended,269790,14504329,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ember,+Decent presentation+Solid mechanics+Interesting lore-Poor graphic performance (Unity engine...)-Flawed level design-Combat is very simple-Cringe worthy voice acting-Most scares are through cutscenes that botch the tension-Very boring overall3/10 - BadI'd recommend this to people who get scared very easily or those wanting to make Let's Plays.But the technical isses stand out so much that I can't get past them.
,Not Recommended,269790,18882730,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Tom,"Dreadout is a third person horror game developed by Digital Happiness and published by PT Digital Semantika Indonesia, which was released on Steam in mid-2014 after successfully being greenlit.The game play in Dreadout is almost identical to that of Fatal Frame. You play the role of Linda Meilinda, a young girl who is on a trip with her high school class mates. The game is played in third person. You will be using your characters smart phone and camera to fight the various kinds of ghosts you will encounter – you’ll also use them in a number of puzzles as well.  An interesting element I found in Dreadout is that you don’t actually “die”. When Linda does “die”, you’ll wake up in a dark place surrounded by candles and you run towards the light, typical eh.  When using aiming with your phone, the camera will change to first person and you’ll just be looking through the phone’s screen.I was really left feeling let down by the graphics in Dreadout. All of the textures are horribly low quality; the polygons can actually be seen visually on most of the models too! Don’t even get me started on the janky animation of some of the characters in the game as well. I was almost on the floor laughing at one of the characters run cycle, it was just horrendous. I was playing the game on 1080p resolution as I was recording, but I tested it out on 4k, it even then still looked poor. Extremely disappointed here as it based on the Unity engine so I would have expected a real high quality looking game.There isn’t much to sale about the audio on this either; there is some generic “horror” music in the background that conveniently only turns on when something is about to happen. It is certainly not on the level as say Outlast or Amnesia with their top class sound effects. The voice acting is really awkwardly done as well, I can only assume it has been dubbed over in English because some of the lines really don’t feel natural, and the people who are saying the lines, are clearly not being paid enough, or just don’t want to be there.Dreadout is a fairly difficult game; there is no tutorial level or any sort of in game assistance, you are just left to work it out yourself. Whilst the game play is fairly simple to get to grasps with, the game does not explain how you are supposed to use your in game equipment to aid you; for instance you can use your phone to control candles by holding the viewer over them; something which is used in a puzzle, but there are no clues pointing to that.All of Dreadout’s levels are fairly sizeable; each of them has a decent number of Easter eggs and collectable items to find. Some of the collectables even unlock in game bosses for you to deal with for extra achievement points if that is your thing! The collectables are all hidden well across the level and will lead you down some interesting paths to find them. The level design is probably Dreadout’s most redeeming factor.I finished the game in just over two hours. There are three chapters to the game; the first one is really short and has no real story to it, but the last two contain the bulk of the plot and game play. The majority of people that have played the game don’t even normally play the first chapter since it glosses over most things anyway.  Other than achievement hunting, there is absolutely no reason to play this game more than once; the two hour play time is very short as well.I didn’t run into any bugs or glitches in the game per say, just the really bad graphics and poor sound effects. It can run at 4k resolutions and multiple graphic options aid you to get the settings just right for your rig. It seems the game did have a few annoying bugs when first released, such as option changes not being saved when quitting the game, but these have all been ironed out as of writing this review.Sadly this isn’t going to come out very favourably from me; yes the game play is OK, but it is fairly slow paced and unoriginal. Graphically this game is appalling and quite frankly, there are so many much better horror games in this genre out there at the moment; I am fully expecting people not to agree with this, given that it already has a “Very Positive” rating on Steam. This is one of the few games to include a demo, so if you are on the fence about picking it up or not, you may as well try the demo first.https://youtu.be/7iSFcLKAlKATom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/269790/"
,Recommended,269790,31247892,Posted: 19 April,all,Malkavian,"Disclaimer:This review may contain spoilers.DreadOut is a game developed by Digital Happines that immerses the player in a dark, nightmarish, foreign town riddled with utterly terrifying paranormal entities. You play as Linda, a high-school girl with a keen insight for the supernatural. Equipped only with her cellphone, you must navigate through an abandoned school, a ghost town and a haunted mansion in search of your friends and an escape from this nightmare that started off as a cultural school road trip.The puzzle-solving aspects of the game are also solved by using your camera to find hidden objects through intricate perspectives and weird angles.  What I also enjoyed about this game is its unique lore. You must use your smartphone to see, capture and kill the enemies of this town that are based on pagan Indonesian folklore -- a definite ode to the classic Fatal Frame series.The inclusion of Indonesian horror lore as the main scare factor of DreadOut serves as an effective strategy to instill a deep feeling of being a stranger in a foreign country. The player will notice common tropes of the horror genre, but thanks to a highly stylistic Indonesian influence in the game it becomes new and interesting. The Indonesian folklore doesn’t stop at just the text – the soundtrack of DreadOut riddle with jarring, startling and disorienting tracks that truly create a terrifying atmosphere and intimidate the player. This game excels in world building by creating an ominous and hypnotizing sound design that crawls under your skin and has you at the edge of your seat. It manages to do so by combining flute-type instruments such asTapanuli ogong, a 12-string guitar known as theGambusand wooden percussion instruments such as theKulintang.The plot is impressive considering its length. As Linda you piece together the reason you are in hell by collecting posters, journal entries, and odd tokens that reveal some bits of information behind the town’s troubled past. Moreover,  there are moments in the game where you interact with friends who have been possessed. The game occasionally asks the player to make a choice through dialogue.The cinematic style of these episodes also heightens the whole experience. Character building is aplenty, albeit in a decidely primal and evil manner. You get to see characters that were introduced at the beginning as the stereotypical high-school bunch turn their bodies into abnormal contraptions or pursue you in demonic rage. All in all, DreadOut is a worthy entry into a promising franchise that manages to stand tall on its own merits while still paying homage to classics of the genre like Fatal Frame and Silent Hill.If you enjoy the way I review games, join and follow my curator group! It comes with a fun discord channel for horror fans to chill and game.Malkavian Madness"
76561198096710818,Recommended,269790,22336625,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,LittleNyu,"It is a short game, but very creepy. I like the way you only have the phone as your weapon, beceause it makes the game more difficult. Becarefull if the jumpscares ;)Really fun to play at night."
,Recommended,269790,11018630,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Only­Fails,Haha theres a screct scare that everyone seemed to miss except for me. (Of course!)Very creepy game that challenges every one of your brave bones just to figure out where to go next.Haven't finished it yet because of how many nerves it shatters but should at least be checked out if you're into this type of game!
76561198414224793,Recommended,269790,34375698,Posted: 20 August,all,♥Princess♥,DreadOut is a very fun little spooky game!♥•Pros-Great story-Different outfits-Good jumpscares-Different ghosts•Cons-Some glitches with camera-Movement can be spazzy at timesDreadOut never got boring and I played it in one sitting (about 5 hours)!Some parts were very spooky/creepy!The only downside I can think of is sometimes your movements will be spazzy. This has caused me to die a few times trying to run away. :(Overall I would recommend it! ♥ Can't wait to play the next one. (:
,Recommended,269790,22759449,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Gamephasis,"Digital Happiness return to Steam with their second game in their popular DreadOut series with Keepers of the Dark. This is not a sequel but rather a standalone horror game that takes place in the same universe as the original. Once again a developer has done a very thorough job in explaining their game in the Steam description so without attempting to repeat everything contained within it I’ll explain my own personal thoughts on the game.I feel it necessary to compliment Digital Happiness on an outstanding ‘how to play’ feature available from the main menu. It’s a great way to handle a tutorial so that players know the ins and outs of gameplay before they begin so that they can best savor the sensory experience that they are about to embark upon. For those who never played the original and are starting here, which it is entirely possible to do, this is a must read section.I agree with those who have made the claim that providing skills, abilities and experience points would have added much more variety to the game than what is present. It’s probably the biggest downfall of the game. The other, in my opinion, is the non-SLR camera perspective. I’m not a big fan of the behind the shoulder camera as I feel that it eliminates too much of the potential screen and as you can’t run while in camera mode you can’t get away from that perspective. That said the graphics of the game from an overall perspective are as they should be and help immerse the player into the atmospheric horror experience. However, the combat mechanics desperately need working on.The actual horror featured within the game is top notch. The jumpscares are well designed and the enemies are a refreshing take on the genre. However, I do have a minor bone to pick with the final boss. I felt that the developers didn’t make it as challenging or as ghastly as what the build up – which began in the original game for those that played it – should have been.The game has been Steamified with trading cards and ten achievements. This gives you something to aim for within the overall context of the game.It’s not the best horror game that I’ve had the opportunity to play this year but it is far from the worst. In all, DreadOut: Keepers of the Dark is a middle of the road game that will genuinely appeal to lovers of Asian mythology and certainly to those who have played and enjoyed the original. There is much to appreciate here but many important facets of the game will aggravate players as well. It is worth its modest asking price.For more reviews and our popular giveaways please visithttp://www.steamified.com."
,Recommended,269790,17972058,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,AIR32,"‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍‍The best horror game i ever played. Well, this is the only horror game i've played in my life whatsoever lel.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍A bunch of students and their teacher are travelling for vacation. They discover a deserted city and decide to check what's going on there. They notice a school and take decision to get in. Here the nightmare begins. Ira becomes possessed and Linda gets separated from the group for some reason (i didn't get it). You play as one of the students, the only ""weapon"" you can use is a phone you can see and kill ghosts with. Now you need to find your mates and get out of the school and city, but that's not as easy as it sounds.‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍This pretty good Indonesian atmospheric game inspired by Fatal Frame will scare the dickens out of you. This creepy game with its excellent atmosphere won't let you relax for a moment, you had better play it using headphones and, of course, with no light. The lack of the game is graphics and performance. Even on highest settings the graphics leaves a lot to be desired but it is not a big deal, i'm ok with this. The problem is the poor performance, with such a graphics fps drops to 20 often enough and 10-15 occasionally. There are several puzzles in the game but they ain't difficult at all.PS: First of all, play the demo.PPS: After you finish the game listen to this song ""Mocca – Lucky Me"" you might heard in act 1. Don't know why, but this song causes some keen feelings after the game.PPPS: F*CK THOSE UPDATED OBJECTIVES!"
76561198082051244,Recommended,269790,10122860,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,BigguBoss,this game is FANTASTIC! and has some of the creepiest ghosts i have ever seen : D
,Not Recommended,269790,31324266,Posted: 23 April,all,DeRailed612,"I really wanted to give this game a thumbs up, but it is too buggy to give it a good recommendation. The game mechanics are solid, and the setting and horror themes are fantastic. The creepy atmosphere is complimented by scattered jumpscares that really make you dread exploring the haunted environments. The use of the camera to solve puzzles is interesting, but a few of the puzzles seem illogical, and might force you to look up their solution in a walkthrough in order to progress through the game. Perhaps the most annoying bug is that you can sometimes be ""stun-locked"" by enemies. After being killed by an enemy, you respawn in the same exact spot, and if the enemy was standing very near you while attacking you, you will be unable to escape, and just die over and over. The only way to get out of the lock is to restart your game. The lack of polish and bug-fixing really doesn't justify the price of this game. If you can afford the price easily, I would reccommend giving it a try."
,Recommended,269790,10146047,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Rong Rong,"This is a good game , it got a good old school scare and pay full respect to it's source materials. However it's still a flawed game.When you ""died"" too many times in the game, you are sent to ""limbo"" and have to make your way out to continue the game however the amount of distance that you have to walk everytime you dies, increases. This is frustating as hell as I died alot of times because I was clueless on what to do or I didn't know the ghost weakness. I have to walk about 2minutes+ in the limbo everytime i die and the game became stale to me.How about removing this whole system and just replace it with a simple ""Continue?"" screen?The boss fight with the scissors ghost is another flawed boss fight, I am not saying the boss is hard to defeat but when the boss was about to die, the boss suddenly goes into full steroid mode and when the boss hit you once, you are practically dead. Yes, you can still escape but trust me, it's hard as hell. How about making the boss stop for every 5 seconds when it's on steroid mode? So you can catch your breath and get a proper angle/view to attack the boss. Honestly this is the part where I died too many times that I have to walk 2 minutes in the limbo and fight the boss again and die again.Other than that, I am waiting for ACT 2.Good game for an indonesian company ! 8/10 !Keep up the great work guys !"
,Recommended,269790,10150073,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,A'xTroN,"I very love this game, nice graphics and texture, amazing story, nice ghost, and very nice character (<3 Linda Melinda). It's the best HORROR GAME (DreadOut) !"
,Not Recommended,269790,16987477,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Syntax Error,"I wanted to like this game.  I'm not sure exactly WHY I wanted to, but I gave it multiple chances, tried to see some of its flaws as charm and just all around did what I could with it.  Ultimately though, it just couldn't keep my attention.Its positives are an interesting array of supernatural beasties drawing from Indonesian lore.  The game can be genuinely creepy at time.  It does a good job of capturing the horror feeling.The flaws all lie in execution.  The graphics are largely a blurry, low resolution mess.  Linda's model is okay although the screen shots on the store page are carefully selected to make the game look its best.  In reality, the game looks like a product for the Playstation 2.  Your fellow classmates look laughable.  The game's pacing feels off and you spend too long just trotting around.  But the worst felt like the controls which often had me over steer or snagged me during fights.  Some battles require you to quickly move around and it just wasn't reacting well.  Compounding this was a death system where each time you die, you have to run back out from limbo, jogging along a blue strip of light.  Unfortunately, each time you die that strip grows longer and it's frustrating to not only feel like you died a cheap death but to now be expected to just jog for 90 seconds before you can play again.Given better controls and a less punitive system for dying, I might have felt like completing this and been able to enjoy it for what it is.  But after my last jog back from the underworld, the game just felt like a waste of time."
,Recommended,269790,10134657,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dmitri,The first boss (scissor ghost) will make you honestly believe that the person who designed that level deserves to be chopped to ♥♥♥♥ing pieces by those very ♥♥♥♥ing scissors that ghost is holding. Don't.
76561197970524936,Recommended,269790,10227257,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kotajiro,Outlastがグロ怖いのに対し、Dreadoutは見えない幽霊が怖い。びっくり系ホラーゲームとしては、Outlastに引け目をとらない。演出や脚本については（Outlastに比べれば）少々微妙。ロケーションがアジアなので、アジア系のプレイヤーは没入感があって良い。恐ろしさを駆り立てるBGMも秀逸。シークレット探しなど、遊び要素もあるので何度もプレイしたくなる。おもらしをしたい人にはオススメです。Part2が楽しみ。7/10
76561198086791568,Recommended,269790,16629872,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Indiana,"I don't write many reviews but I thought i would with this game.  I think Dreadout is a nice well made and well spooked game.  A few jump scares, a lot of ghosts and a handy dandy way to illiminate them. The atmosphere is very creepy. Just what I expect from a horror game.  Some of the boss fights are a bit hard, but doable, some with a lot more difficulty than others.  The story is good.  The voice actors do a great job.  I would definatly recommend this game to any die hard horror game fan, or any one  that just wants a scary atmosphere and a little bit of battle.  Really good game."
76561198152797874,Recommended,269790,24501568,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Chimera022,"If you're willing to accept a few glitches here and there then DreadOut can be a very fun game.  It can help satiate the craving for Fatal Frame if you don't feel like buying a Wii U for the fifth installment.  I do believe I had a few glitches that required me to start a level again, but when you've memorized the maps it doesn't take too long to get back to the place you left off.Also, the achievements don't have ridiculous criteria to meet so I was able to collect them all in under 13 hours."
,Recommended,269790,10135491,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Son of Riggnarok,"I'm not gonna say anything harsh it is an indie game afterall, But they need to make it use less resources I mean It takes sometimes about 9 seconds to press shift tab and check your steam stuff, While playing my main menu vanished I couldn't quit the game, but I was able to check my files and photos ect. Only way to quit was to alt tab than nothing was loading I had to control alt delete to close it. And there is no invert option :C But other than those annoyances the game is great! Totally gonna recommend this game to friends. An option to play the game in the original language and have English subtitles would be nice also."
76561198131809308,Recommended,269790,23447177,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Turchi-Mangino,"Enjoying this alot it reminds me of those games that came out a few years ago called Fatal Frame I like this better though. 10/10 scary and though some of the opening scenes were a tad corny and they went for the ""Obvious"" scares a few time I still really find myself enjoying it alot. Would highly recommend if ur looking for a scory mystery game with a supernatural element. Its worth a good 15 bucks at least and I'm saying this with confidence Only playing it about an hour or so I look forword to my next session with it."
,Recommended,269790,23935659,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Xroalia,"DreadOut is a third person horror game where your only defence is your camera. Sound familiar? You play as the silent protagonist Linda on a school trip, only you've seemingly taken a wrong turn and ended up in an abandoned town. Eventually night falls and things go wrong, and you must search the town, solve puzzles, and fight off ghosts in order to find your classmates.Combat is similar to Fatal Frame. You use your smartphone's camera to take pictures of ghosts. However, you'll only damage them if you take a picture and the right time indicated by a glitch on the screen. When you die there is no game over screen, instead you go to ""limbo"" where you must run toward a light in order to continue. Each time you die, the space between you and the light gets bigger which can get quite tedious.Exploration is very rewarding in this game. You can blast through the story in a few hours if you wish but you'll be missing a lot of content if you do. There are many hidden ghosts to find and taking pictures of them reveals some of the folklore behind them.If you're a fan of the Fatal Frame series you will almost certainly enjoy this game. However, this game is much more than a Fatal Frame clone. The Indonesian setting and ghosts are very unique and the game has a wonderfully spooky atmosphere. While the graphics are very dated and there are quite a few bugs I'd still highly recommend this game to any horror fan."
,Recommended,269790,10211581,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,crippknottick,"Good game, would be better if there was full controller support. As it stands now, only half of the menus and actions have button icons to help you figure out how to navigate, and the mouse cursor keeps jumping onto the middle of the screen despite using a controller for this game.NOTE: There is an issue with the game engine. If you make any kind of custom setting in the video settings a lot of effects like normal maps, shadows, bloom, etc. will be disabled. You must only select a preset within the game. After that you can edit the config file located in ""~\%user name%\Documents\Steam Cloud\%steam name%\DreadOut\cloud\20140722011532\profile.cfg"".I recommend two additonal performance enhancements. This game takes a huge fps hit with the game's built-in antialiasing. Use antialiasing in your driver control panel instead. The Steam overlay also hurts the fps quite a bit too in this particular game, and will even run a modern video card (GTX 660) very hot with it enabled.What I did was use the game preset of Fantastic (highest preset), exit the game, set the aa to 0 in the .cfg file, disable Steam overlay on this title, forced aa in the driver control panel, and now it's a steady 60 fps and looks great."
,Recommended,269790,17739784,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,CCL sama,"Dreadout is a great indie horror game that reminds me totally of Fatal Frame/Project Zero.I've never played a horror game which uses spooky Indonesian folklore until now!The visual is a little outdated but the story and animation makes up for it.There is a lot of creepy stuff in this game and the scarejumps man... I LOVE IT :)I don't recommend to play it with a controller because I died quite a lot due to the slow aiming.The puzzles are nice and not that hard. There are a lot of hints that will help you to solve the puzzles.Some puzzles are challenging but don't give up! Search for hints :)I manage to solve them all without a guide which is a big plus cause I don't like to get spoiled.The game is short but it offers a lot of secrets and 2 endings. The achievement are all unlockable so rest assured achievement hunters! Well, what can I say...I don't want to spoil more :P A MUST buy for all horror fans who loves the spooky part!"
76561198146556724,Not Recommended,269790,25051666,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BLACKhawk1243,"This game had potential but it felt broken. Not in a way that the game wouldn't run, but in a way that the whole thing just felt like a crumbled mess. Sure it had it's moments but there was just too many things that bothered me.1. There is absolutely zero character developement. There is zero character attatchment at all in fact. Some of the characters are even forgoten about later on in the game. When one of them dies it just feels like...well, nothing.2. If there's a story, you're gonna have to go back and look for it. If you just play the game then you will be left clueless on whats going on. Most of the story is hidden in notes you can find in some places if you look hard enough, but chances are you wont find all of them in your first playthrough.3. The puzzles are way too easy. Each puzzle is basically point your camera and shoot pictures of everything.4. The ghost designs in this game are really cool and well detailed (some more than others), but each one can easily be rid of by taking a few pictures of them. That aspect takes a lot of the horror elements out of the game.5. The scares can be good at times, but not often. Again, if it's a ghost you can just shoo it off with your cam. If it's not a ghost then its just a brief music intensity or loud noise.Overall, i think it could have been better. All it needed was some more gameplay elements and story.Edit: forgot to mention. It's crazy short with only two acts that can be finished in a few hours."
,Recommended,269790,10150176,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,アレクサンダー,"My opinion is based on act 1 which is the only act released atm (around 17.05.2014).First of all what I don't like.- Either I'm stupid or there is little to no logical explanation or hinting about what object you need to collect and why them specifically. You will get them relatively easy if you just go on explore areas, but if you go on just only on logic - kinda weird.- Little bit weird animation at placesWhat I like- Amazing atmosphere- Magnificent atmosphere!- Marvellous build up to everything!- Bunch of great details in the city (no idea what was the point of medals though)- Interesting ideas for ghosts- Night dome right!What hopefully will be patched- Maybe some notes/story bits will be added to sorta explain logic little bit more.- Gamepad controls are... weird. In the end I picked up KB and M.P.S. I really hope for sequel after act 2. Not necessary with same characters (we don't know how they end up yet), but maybe some story about this city or some specific persons in the city."
76561197992520287,Recommended,269790,10173910,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Maou,This game is pure awesomeness. Reminds me of fatal frame.
,Recommended,269790,10153512,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,= ØΛŦHBЯΣΛĶΣЯ =™,"Very scary game in my opinion, too bad the game is bit too short after you know what to do, but still worth the money and the experience. Can't wait until the act 2 are coming out !!"
76561198085924176,Recommended,269790,11754035,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,RyeGuy101,"Nice Characters, story, and very creepy atmosphere. It all looks flawless. This a true game that will throw you back in you seat! So, If you wish to experience the horrorfiyng adventures with Linda, prepare yourself, because it's gonna be a terrorfying ride."
76561197995893807,Recommended,269790,12027185,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,RRUV,"I very much enjoyed playing Dreadout. Once you get past it's slightly outdated graphics, what you'll find is a horror experience worthy of being considered alongside the 'horror greats' such as Project Zero/Fatal Frame and Silent Hill 2/3.My main concern was the length of Part One. Didn't take me very long at all to complete, could probably speed run it in about 40 mins or so. I'm just hoping Part 2 is so much longer, because we have something good here, and as horror fans we owe it to ourselves to experience frights like this game on a much more regular basis!7/10- May go up once Part 2 is released!!"
,Recommended,269790,11849735,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Malavita,"Every since I saw some footage of the demo, I really, REALLY wanted to play this game. My laptop, however, was too old and broken to do so.Finally it was time for me to buy a new one. Dreadout was one of the first games I bought after.I really love the game so far. There are still some small glitches here and there, but nothing game breaking.I'm just going to list some pros and cons based on my impression of playing through the game 1,5 times.Pros:Intriguing settingScary atmosphereTerrifying ghostsNot completely liniarLore on Indonesian ghosts includedCons:Still some minor bugs and glitchesFairly shortControls can be somewhat clunkyLimbo becomes a chore after dying a few timesI'd like to eleborate on some glitches I have encountered.1) During the first part at the bridge, I went back to the main menu to increase graphic quality, however, when I loaded the game back up, I could not speak to anybody and I was stuck in front of the bridge.2) During the night portion, I went back towards the car and encountered the big guardian. I let myself be killed for him to appear in my Ghostpedia. However, when I came back from limbo I was in a void. I could only see the friend character. After a couple of seconds the school started to appear around me, starting the cutscene you would normally get when walking up to the school. Nothing game-breaking, but somewhat strange and looks ugly.3) While I was fighting the ghost in the narrow hallway in the school the first time around, I shot a couple of pics of her face, trying to hit her in the back. After a while she just stood frozen. This made it very easy for me to hit her in the back, since she posed no threat.The rest of the game worked like a charm! I really can't wait to see what Chapter 2 might have in store for us. I do hope it will be (a lot) longer than the frst part, since not a lot of the story has been played out yet. Also, it would be great if the demo gaeplay could be added to the full game, since it acts as a prologue, and you can't have both the demo and the actual game in your library at the same time.Final verdict for Chapter 1: 7/10     Would recommend (especially now during the sale)"
76561197974815274,Recommended,269790,10936020,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,youngxalxcapone,"Hell yes!  Been waiting for this game to come out; and, boy oh boy, did it deliver.  This game is creepy and it's difficult, even on the easy setting.  This game is also packed with a lot of extra features like different outfits and hidden ghost fights that you may not find the first time through. The only problem is the graphics are a little outdated, but that's a minor flaw in an otherwise awesome game."
,Recommended,269790,10644624,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Spike1996,games too short I would love to see steam workshop suport in the future. The game looks like a high res ps2 game the gameplay is like fatal frame but super short. I love it but its too dam short
76561198080666261,Recommended,269790,10927659,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,❖ Harley Quinn,"One of the best games in the horror genre. I would have to say by far, DreadOut, is one of my favorites of any game I have ever played. This is the only game that literally gave me chills, when I was fighting the scissor phantom an by far that is one of the hardest scenes I've ever had to beat. The environment A++ The fear A++ If you like Outlast, you will definitley like DreadOut. It is a must play for anyone who likes playing horror, thriller, psychological games. If you like to be scared at the things that go bump in the night go on and play. ENJOY!!!"
76561197970664363,Recommended,269790,10213827,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ChaeLynne,"The best Indie Horror game I have ever played,   No game is perfect, but dreadOut has an astonishing level 3d graphics and atmospheric horror.  For a first try at this genre, I am very satisfied by the experience,  I only wish it was longuer.  But Digital Hapinness will release Act 2 for free.  So I think for 14.99 USD, it will totally worth the price. :Pros : Decent 3d models for the characters.Scary atmosphereIndonesian ghostsA cool fighying technicNo firearms and zombiesA decent female heroineCons : It's shortAlmost no guidanceThe Demo had slightly better graphicsThe landscape textures feels a lilttle too much low resolution."
,Recommended,269790,10692359,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kure,Yes.
,Recommended,269790,10695417,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,cyjustian666,F*&$#ing Amazing.... Reminds me of Fatal Frame with some Siren mixed in. One of the Scariest games Ive played. Can't wait for part two.
76561198097629737,Recommended,269790,10248531,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pete'Za,"This is a pretty sweet horror game reminiscent of Fatal Frame on the PS2. It's got a great atmosphere and some really scary enemies. Only flaw so far is that some of the rooms have no purpose (which  doesn't feel right to me considering most other games in it's genre don't do that), regardless of this very minor flaw it's an excellent game and definitely worth your money. Pick it up if you're a fan of third person adventure horror games."
,Recommended,269790,10154681,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,marvelet,"Identical to Fatal Frame series which reminds me of PS2 era, only with better visual. The story itself focused around Linda, the silent protagonist of this game. When a group of highschool students lead by their (yummy milf) teacher on their trip goes wrong turn and suddenly found an empty ghost (silent-hill-lookalike) town that didnt shown in gps.The environment itself is eerie, typical of many town in West Java province of Indonesia (well the developer of this game came from Bandung, capital of West Java :P ). The music for this game also minimalist, some may say the graphic is quite dated and the voice talent kinda like reading on their script rather acting. But the story itself is pretty good. As predicted, she was seperated from her group, and she had to find them. Many of the ghost element taken from Indonesian urban legend. Also the opening song believed to be a spell for summoning spirits (if you sing it correctly along with some ritual)The game developer said this was Act 1 and Act 2 will be released for free as DLC."
76561198067712582,Recommended,269790,11798099,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Rae Melantha,"I absolutely loved this game. It definitely reminded me of the older horror games, where it wasn't about the weapons and killing things, or about gore and cheap jump scares. Though, I'll admit there are plenty of those here. No, this reminds me of playing Silent Hill 2 or 3, and as many have mentioned where it got it's inspiration from, Fatal Frame. Yes, it's not a very long game, but it's split into two parts, the second of which hasn't been released yet. If you like Asian horror, try this. If that isn't your cup of tea, and you'd rather go in guns blazin'? Probably not your thing. I, however, had so much fun with this. I also respect that Digital Happiness seems to actually pay attention to the forums, instead of blowing off the players."
,Recommended,269790,13725253,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,-{Geo}- Cegorach,"Will say shortly - This Game Amazed Me. 10/10EDIT (Act 2 released): Feelings are same, game really amazed me, it have really good atmosphere, interesting story and interesting way you can play it, it's done in classical style Horror games (understand and explore things by your way), but in modern way to do it. (yes exactly, here no one will tell you where to go, what to push, when to turn atc... here every single thing can be important, things that happen in the beginning can be used in the end part of the game and not as in modern games where every single thing showing you what to do, here you must remember, think and try everything).Dreadout is not an easy game, but it's easy in same time, here you need to think and explore things, sometimes you will lost, sometimes you can be confused in what to do, but most Puzzles have very easy way to complete them and exactly this is confusing, when you're not waiting that easiest way can be the right way.Dreadout is the game about girl Linda who fall in to unknown world, another world, where every thing can be hostile, from where no one comes alive. Linda knows nothing about this world, about its creatures, ghosts and people that are living there, she knows nothing about the rules of this world. So yes, player knows same that Linda know about it and you must find, explore and understand all this things with Linda and you must help her to find and explore right answers, tweaks, things and stories of the world about you and Linda know nothing and there is no one to tell you, no one to take your hand and say - ""Hey! There is the right answer!"". Yes, all this things you and Linda must understand and find by your own. You must find way out.Good sides for me:* Atmosphere.* Story.* Exploration.* Puzzles that are challenging.* That you must find right answers by yourself and not when game drags you like a kid.* Many ways to scare you and not focused on just one element.* Ghosts (enemies), each one have it's story and are made in quite unique and interesting way.* Dreadout is specific game, it can remind many classical horror games, but released in it's own way and have many specific elements that are interesting to explore.* Gameplay and way how you play it.* Game hardness, it's hard and easy same time, also sometimes confusing (in a good way), what makes you to search and find right decisions.* Limbo system, when you really don't want to die... Someone find it annoying, but for me it was part that makes me to afraid of death, when you will be punished for your fault.Bad sides for me:* Game needs Optimization, not a critically, but have performance problems.* Repetitive AI (enemies), on second turn you will know any move of the enemies what makes them easy for me.It's just my opinion, of course someone will and someone will not agree with me, I played many Horror games before (more classical style one), but just some of that games was really interesting for me to explore their world, and Dreadout now, is new one in my favorites list.I Recommend Dreadout if you love Atmospheric-Horror games where you must explore things by yourself, where no one is explaining you what and where to do and if you're tired of modern horror-puzzles when game explains you every single thing, here even story must be explored, you must finish the game to understand it, but it's not the fact that you will and for each player story can be different not because it have alter, but because of the experience you will get from it.And I Recommend it if you love Atmospheric games, if you love exploring and if you just love specific games, games that have Soul and games that are made with Love....Just think, it's not hard...Sorry for my bad English."
76561198022820771,Recommended,269790,10143102,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"So Dread Out is a 3rd person horror adventure game, and while the AI is not all that smart, and the level design is not going to win any awards, the story and atmosphere pulls you in and makes you stop at times thinking; wait is there something behind me right now, or was that my own foot steps. First thing to note before getting this game, is its more adventure than horror, if you are hoping for OutLast type it is not a survival game, and it does not need to be, for its good in what it does, and that is tell a story.  Thank you to any who watch check out the channel herehttps://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyschohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKl5saQA-I&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpA"
,Recommended,269790,10120176,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Arka,This game really gives me the creeps!!! I have so far played it for about an hour and it looks pretty cool specially the scares....The graphics although gives the impression of a low-budget game but it's definitely worth the price tag!!!
76561198080507002,Recommended,269790,10122207,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,bwcampbell,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!Bought this day of release on Steam and finished it same night. Such an amazing experience as a horror game, I can't recommend this game enough. So many scares and puzzles to keep you on the edge of your seat.Only played through part 1 but if part 2 keeps up work like this I can see myself having a new favourite horror game.YES! YES! YES! YES!"
,Recommended,269790,10133680,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Octoboy,"It's definitely spooky. Just the right kind of spooky, too; lots of subtle things in an incredibly dark, dilapidated setting and an oppressive atmosphere, with only one ""boo"" kind of moment near the end.Unfortunately, it's inexcusably short, about twice the length of the demo. It's only one ""level"" long, which is incredibly disappointing, to say the very least.As for the graphics, this game didn't have a massive budget and it definitely shows in a number of areas, specifically in the large town during the intro.Overall, it was incredible in some aspects, but super disappointing in most of them.7/10 make it longer."
,Not Recommended,269790,26465902,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DyingHobo,"Normally I love games like this, but damn was this one clunky. (And this is coming from a big fan of Deadly Premonition)Act 0, got trapped between a wall and 2 ghosts. When you die, you come back the exact same area you died so It was an endless loop of being stuck in a corner and being attacked. Lovely.The animations are terrible (though they did make me laugh a lot. Wow your classmates run like idiots!) and going back for the secret parts were so dark you can't even see with a flashlight. Would have to turn the brightness up way the hell higher than the game recomends to even play it. Movement is your typical 3rd person horror fair (clunky, unresponsive) but even slower. This chick moves like molasses. Voice acting is hit and miss, some characters can act while others make you cringe.I like the concept of it being based on Indonesian folk lore, but just from the first one and a half hour of the game I was already finding myself getting bored. This is very much a ""try the demo"" case."
,Recommended,269790,10222122,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,KhrØMa,Less than 15 minutes in and I'm already pooping bricks to build a house.10/10
,Recommended,269790,10270260,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ardee_uchiha,"DreadOut is a survival horror game that brings a lot of nostalgia for those who play Fatal Frame for this game inspired by the game. There is no 'game over' in this game so you can think of as a good point but even so, do not think you can play carelessly. Tactical play will help you most throughout the game.A very short game for Act 1 so there isn't much to tell about the game itself, there is a no keyboard/mouse/stick configure, a PS2 game graphic, a bit buggy here and there, etc but all within consideration as this game is an indie game with an indie developer that you can not unfairly compare with other indie game developer with lots of staff and more experience.This game mechanism is actually pretty much easy to figure but with an awkward and rigid game mechanism to use, you may confuse a little bit. If you already played DreadOut demo before, then you'll probably don't need to read 'How to Play' section. But if you new to this game, I recommend to read 'How to Play' section before you play.A great atmosphere, the sounds will make you more immerse to the game. A good old 80's Indonesia horror story setting and Asian-Indonesian ghost folklore. Third person perspective game which I like most and very fit with this game. A great choice and placement of music. An annoying and scary ghost battle. A cute cat.^^ DreadOut so far success to represent Asian, particularly Indonesia ghost folklore. Mainly focus on adventure, exploration, item gathering and puzzle solving, DreadOut recommend player to explore and find many secret hidden within abandoned ghost town.In the end, DreadOut bring out a fresh air to survival horror game franchise. A game with Asian-Indonesian setting which you rarely see this day. DreadOut have a lot potential to develop and grow which we can all see together. A future Act 2 DLC will come as a free update. With those uniqueness, I think $14,99 is a good deal,"
,Recommended,269790,10135526,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mint,"The game was actually fun, I like the gameplay and graphic. Even though it needs more atmosphere to give the player chill and horror. But still it's a well-made game"
,Recommended,269790,19989860,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lord of The Rednecks,now thats what I call a worthy silent hill contester
,Recommended,269790,10133313,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,kazINs!Lence,"So far I played this for a few minutes, you need to remember that this company is doing an indie game. Not AAA game.It's  a 1.3 GB game, thats why the textures are so low quality. And also this game can be done within less than 2 hours.As gameplay so far, I love the intro. It's so different from the title despite the meaning. I have yet to encounter anything scary but so far so good.I wish they did more for the battle system. Simplicity combat by spamming on the ghost just dont really give the feel of killing the ghost. They would have done researching on modern smartphones and maybe implement the camera effects like bokeh for slow motion or burst shot for multiple hits or face detection and so on. There is alot of potential as technology for smartphone camera progresses.As for the animation, good job to the team providing such humor. I wish we can see more of that during the game again.It's a bit too much for the price but do buy it now instead of waiting for the sales. This is a company that we should invest money to if you want something like Fatal Frame.Why? Fatal Frame are only going to be on WiiU now since Nintendo bought the damn company, making us mad for all we PS2  and PS3 owners."
76561198021582780,Recommended,269790,10122135,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Aya,"DreadOut is a very well designed horror game that draws inspiration from the Fatal Frame franchise. While the developers low budget clearly shows from the outdated graphics, average voice acting and the such - DreadOut manages to nail down the most important thing for a horror game, the atmosphere. Which is largely thanks to its great audio design, as well as from understanding that horror isn't just about seeing how many jump scares you can cram in to the game.Despite some frustrating game mechanics and the short length of the first episode (roughly 2 to 3 hours for a playthrough, although there are plenty of secrets / hidden content which gives the episode enough of replay value for at least couple of playthroughs), I would definitely recommend the game for fans of the genre."
76561198006221610,Recommended,269790,10133846,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,mwhps,"Highly Recommended. Also, when the Freeroam DLC launches I think it will be intrested to haunt ghosts. This game is not just about jump scares it is also about being scarry."
,Recommended,269790,10139087,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Ｍａｋｅｎｂｏｓｈｉ,"Great design, horrifying atmosphere, scary sound, all of these could cover the lack of good UI and bad engine optimizations.You can easily stuck because of the lack of map/minimap or any indicator that shows the player where to go next.But nevertheless, this is a great game for you horror lovers, especially for all Indonesian.Beli yang asli ya gan, support the developer. Let's scream together.PS: You should play this using headphone, a closed ear type preferred."
,Recommended,269790,10121614,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Stormtrooperdood,"A really nice game, no it didnt scare me but i did enjoy myselfFatal Frame with a cell phoneLots of secrets and secret ghosts to findButt cheek, jeans (giggity)7.5/10"
,Recommended,269790,10141865,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,rantarou_uai,"sebagai gamer dari Indonesia, gw mo bikin review nih game dalam bahasa Indonesia....pertama2 gw nyesel beli game ini, bukan karena kualitas atau kekurangan lainnya, tapi karena kesibukan dari pagi sampe sore gw baru bisa mainin game ini MALAM HARI...!!! (efek horor mencekam makin dalam).overall nih game membangkitkan kenangan masa sekolah dulu dimana game survival horor dan sejenisnya baru dirilis pertama kali (ketauan dah udah tua bgt)...Dari sekian banyak game survival horor yg gw mainin, Dreadout gw akui sebagai salah satu yang paling SERAM...!!!! kenapa karena suasana dan atmosfir hantunya sudah gw kenal sejak pertama kali gw kenal TV dan serasa nonton film2nya (alm) Suzanna...Untuk grafik gw ga bisa banyak komentar karena gw mainin game ini di laptop dengan spek seadaanya jd semua setting musti gw set paling rendah, tp dengan settingan rendah sekali pun game ini masih terlihat sangat OK dan responsif.Sound, ini yg bikin jantungan dan takut untuk berbalik badan apabila mulai mucul tanda2 penampakan (beneran takut balik badan saudara2 sebangsa dan setanah air).... dan yang disayangankan voice bahasa Indonesianya di hilangkan di final release game ini (moga2 developer mengeluarkan DLC free untuk update ini)story, walau tipical standard horor Indonesia, tapi setelah baca manga dari paket DLC game ini (gw beli juga dunk) jd makin serem bila mengetahui sejarah kota dan sekolah di dalam game ini....oke rating gw untuk game ini 8.5 dari 10 (sisanya rasa takut gw gara2 cuma bisa main malem2).game ini sangat worthed untuk dimiliki, moga2 developer segera membuka toko merchandise di web nya banyak nih yg musti di koleksi."
,Not Recommended,269790,21947709,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,† Loner †,"Its COULD be an AWESOME horror game, if it wouldn't be have some big problems.Pro:+ an REALLY AWESOME atmosphere+ Scary+ Graphics maybe arent ""perfect"" but it looks good+ again the atmosphere is awesomeBut now the points that destroy the most of the fun for me:- The puzzles are, SO, WORSE, the game left you totaly alone with it ( not really much hints, if anyway)- The game and its difficulty feels great until you get this moments, where you get knocked out over again.Could be a GREAT game, but if you ask me its still needs some work on it, specially the first chapter.If you want an horror game with great atmosphere, you should get it, but be warned of not such awesome puzzles, a often annyoing ghost fights."
,Recommended,269790,10133296,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Captain-Weasly,"Played the Dreadout demo around a year ago, and thought the will have a great potential, and it proved me right. I thought Amnesia, Outlast, Zero (Fatal Frame) were scary enough but Dreadout gave me the creeps and goosebumps.The atmosphere of the game is superb, it doesn't take the visuals too seriously and this is a good thing; the ambience and immersion is amazing, you feel like something will be at the corner, may be there is, or may be not.This game is a blend that took elements from horror movies, games, legends and proved itself to be delivered as promised what is supposed to be.Although I am just an hour into the game and I don't think I am able to beat it anytime soon. Due to my progress, I could only make a partial rating due to incompleteness of the game and release.With minor bugs and visual glitches, the atmosphere was nicely done and saved it flaws. Dreadout deserves a 9/10 at this moment, I will update this review by making more progress and until 2nd part out.   :)**Not trying to be offensive, but the billboards, posters and stuff are in Indonesian (not the interface language) and I can't read them!Did some research, and I think this is a Silent Hill reference:Welcome to ---------    (Used Google Translate ""Selamat Datang Di"")Update #01 (2014-05-16 1:48am)After beating the first boss, I kinda need a break from it. Poor objectives and not obvious level designs are giving me a headache. Died 7 times in the first boss fight, and if you ask me why, I would tell you that the boss fight design was just bad, if he hit you once, you get stunned, takes 2 seconds to bring up the camera, and then you get stunned again, basically if you get git, it's GG.And now my way out of limbo is so far away, I really have to say this games does need a little bit of polishing; a part which could taken me 15 minutes took me over an hour ro complete. Things and objectives are so badly designed in a way that you don't even know what you should do.. And the game even gave me a tip:Winners don't do drugs.(WTF!!?!?!?)"
76561197988974810,Not Recommended,269790,25991456,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,dirtylilfixer,All the fun of a classic Doom level after you've killed all the monsters but can't find the last key.
,Recommended,269790,10246327,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Gelatin Skeleton,"DreadOut is an Indonesian survival horror that will remind you in just about every possible way of the Fatal Frame series. The game is janky as hell, with awkward character models, stilted dialogue and unintuitive gameplay moments.That being said, the game oozes atmosphere and has genuinely terrifying enemies. There are, of course, jump scare aplenty, but frequently you will catch a ghost or creature out of the corner of your eye, simply leering at you from down a silent hallway. These moments bring about a sense of dread (ugh, pun not intended) that I haven't felt from a game in years. Overall, if you're prepared for a game that doesn't look the best, control the best, or play the best, but is functional and absolutely nightmarish, it's worth a look on the cheap.Also this happened for some reason:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFoVr-V0IDE"
,Recommended,269790,10291874,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Gummy,"At first I wasn't sure about this game. I originally bought it because it reminded me a bit of Silent Hill and when I started it the game seemed to take forever to get started. However, having said that, this game just gives me the creeps! It's fun, it's scary, it's worth spending the money! I'm really looking forward to when all the other ""Acts"" come out.For more information check out my blog where I comment about the game and even posted a video of the game play!http://gummybearingit.blogspot.ca/2014/05/dreadout.htmlIf you haven't already, buy it! It's GOOD! O.O"
,Recommended,269790,11873356,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,CjuGames,"At the moment of writing this, this is an unfinished game. There is currently an estimated 1-2 hours of play.Unfortunately this game starts rather slowly, but once you get through the initial 30 minutes or so, you'll probably be warming up to the game. It's a unique play, taking place in Indonesia, featuring Indonesian culture and mythology very heavily.The 3rd person camera works well, combined with the 1st person option when photographing the spooky goings on.If you're a fan of the Fatal Frame series, or if you want to see a different type of ghost story, give this a go.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M_WAYHDPdk&index=1&list=PL3AISiWybyWelYjZnBInWXEWujjdT1zZr"
76561198007143476,Recommended,269790,22030296,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ZatOne [GTribe],"How fun is it to see ghosts through your camera? In this game, it's quite fun. Bwahahaha! It may not be a super polished AAA title, but the really creepy atmosphere, sound effects, and graphics, along with simple camera mechanics, definitely made it worth playing. There are some classic scenarios that I thought were presented well, like - what would you do if you still can't see the ghost through your camera, unless it's pointed at a mirror? During a few boss battles, timing the camera and moving around may seem awkward at first, but I got used to it. I used keyboard+mouse controls because it made it easier for me to track moving ghosts, so I can't vouch for controller support. I also loved the way this game hid some ghosts outside of the game's set paths. Dare to explore and you'll be in for some treats!"
,Recommended,269790,10175177,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Canned Yamz,"About 20 minutes into the game and the horror has already set in. Somethings in the game seem to clip sometimes but overall looks well. The controller currently has a weird set up, might be just me but I find it different I guess you could say. I enjoy the characters so far and like the implication of a smart phone, pretty creative. Hope to see the other parts of this game. 7/10"
76561197976658668,Recommended,269790,10193351,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ryoshenron,"Exactly what I've been wanting: Anyone who is a big fan of the Fatal Frame games on the PS2 and Wii should get this game right away. This is the closest thing to a new Fatal Frame game that we have got in the past several years since the 4th one came out on the Wii (and never even left Japan). This game may be a lower budget game made by an indie team who are completely unrelated to the developers of Fatal Frame, but these guys obviously have talent and know what they're doing.If you need a horror fix and are deciding between this and Daylight, don't waste your time and money on that boring♥♥♥♥♥Daylight and get this instead. Dreadout is MUCH better than Daylight, and even ranks up there with Outlast and Amnesia in my opinion.I just hope Digital Happiness finishes the rest of the game soon. The Fatal Frame games were much longer."
,Recommended,269790,10194491,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Little Bird,"Dreadout is much like a game I played when i was younger (Fatal Frame) and to just see the play style nowadays is a real heart warmerKeeps your heart pounding with Creepy sounds, Horrifying atmosphere, and boss fights that just make you want to punch ur screen because the boss had one shot left (Not tech. a bad thing, Scissor-guy [Dont remember his ghost name] just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no end :D)Can't wait for act 2, keep up the good work guys ^^"
,Recommended,269790,10530050,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ruina,"Really great of survival horror gamebut The game is currently incompleteif you know the clues it's just take 2 hour, if you don't know about clues is really very hard to findi played demo game and i'cant find same incidentit's a prequel?but it's dont a matter it still really cool and crazy scary gamei waiting to act 2, i hear issued can have a free roam mode (paid DLC)nice is sounds great, i really appreciatedThank you digital happiness,hopefully in the future always make a great game"
76561198036046069,Recommended,269790,10597401,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Joonesy,"I have heard people talking about this game is very similar to some other horror games and they are basically the same but for me, i never played those games and Dreadout just felt amazing to me"
76561198185217207,Recommended,269790,23528782,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,soulofthesword,"Not perfect but A very good atempt by an indie. Set a better mood that the last few ""horror"" games ive played by AAA developers. If you feel like me that Horror games have gotten it wrong and silent hill 1 and 2 and fatal frame were the lastgood games made, you'll like this game. But be ready to use a guide as some puzzels are elusive even when staring you in the face... and some mechanices arn't explained, Like a camra flash to open a new area.If on the other side you've liked the newer silent hills more then the old. (Gore over atmisphere and tension), then this might not appeal to you."
76561198083068272,Recommended,269790,18078956,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,TheBeak,"I highly enjoyed Dreadout.  It's like a mix of Fatal Frame, Silent Hill and Resident Evil, all in one.  It wasn't perfect but was alot of fun to play and I definitely squeezed as many achievements out of it as I could.  Don't know if I'll replay to change the ending yet again by doing the one conversation differently, but I might.In short summation, you play as Linda, an Indonesian college student whose field trip runs into an abandon town, haunted school and more.  The story (while not insanely complex) keeps you wanting to go through it.  To be honest as far horror games go, this one wasn't terrifying but just ground you down with a constantly foreboding atmosphere which I really liked.    As mentioned, graphics are somewhat in the ps2 area but the enemies look great (I thought), the vision switches are cool and the scenery isn't THAT bad.  Some character models are a bit awkward but it didn't break the game and the sound design more than made up for any graphic glitches.For some odd reason and you can call me a blasphemer, I actually enjoyed battling through this more than the Fatal Frame games.   Yep, I'm stupid but I loved this game because there were a few key scenery switches that kept the journey intersting and a limited number of choices that differed the outcome.  You won't manage too large of inventory, so it's never too difficult to progress though a couple of the puzzles might stump you for a few seconds.  Combat is a little awkward and I died a bunch in a few fights (damn you scissor ghost) and not at all in others (the big, giant awesome looking beastie that throws Pocongs at you).  Despite the fighting not having a frenetic feel to it, you gotta be quick with your camera and keep mobile for some of the opposition.  The enemies, the lore behind them and the enjoyable battles is what made this game a blast for me.  Quite frankly, I thought the boss fights were excellent.I didn't have too many problems with the controls, but sometimes in combat they will bring you down.  Linda ain't the fastest draw in the East by any stretch of the imagination and sometimes you might get hung up on some scenery and get your butt kicked.  If there is a sequel (which I hope there is), they do need a bit of tightening but for the most part it was solid and in some strange way that awkwardness of control made the boss fights a real threat.The story is well-done for the most part although I can't help but feel it could use some sort of fleshing out and deeper explanation.  I guess it makes sense well enough but it can be a bit muddled.  Voice acting ranges from right on the money to Resident Evil 1 cheese, but survival horror nuts are not strangers to this.  Not much else to say here...it's a flawed game but a very fun one!  I'll break this review down before writing you all another essay (oops, too late, already did!).   Oh yeah, okay, one more thing.  The idea of dying, ending up in limbo and running your way out is good on paper but HORRIBLY executed in the game and a major drag especially during the tougher parts.  Make sure you explore and grab a few of the collectibles that shorten this time.  I did and it made things not quite as bad, but it'll still get you yelling at the computer.Pros:-Great atmospheric horror (not scary but it wears on ya)-Combat can be awkward but is alot of fun, kind of like the underrated Cursed Mountain-Interesting story that makes you want to press onward-Good mixture of exploration, battles and puzzle solving (feels well-balanced)-Reminds of old classic survival horror and some parts are really challenging-Very cool monsters and way entertaining boss battles.-Excellent sound design (music, atmospheric cues, etc.)-Some cool unlockables and achievementsCons:-Graphics aren't bad.  Beautiful in some places, stale/dingy in others.-Interesting story but payoff doesn't quite satisfy-Voice acting is hit or miss-Sometimes controls will get you in trouble-Running to the light after death is a pain in the a**...like, to the point of detriment and not really wanting to play the game anymore...but somehow the game is fun enough and you'll be like sh*t I""m comin' back!Overall rating:  7.8/10"
,Recommended,269790,10169758,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,XG417,"DreadOut, even during its demo phase, already grips the player in fear as they stumble around the dark trying to find the way out and knowing that something is after you. And the worst part is... you don't know what it is until it's right in your face.As a full-release game, it did its job really well. It may be just part 1 of 2, but the intensity is already felt once you've been trapped alone in the school lobby. It just escalates higher and higher as you try to escape and encounter horrors the Indonesian folks have believed in for decades. It's fascinating and at the same time terrifying, and that's what makes this one a great game. This one gets an 8/10 from me, and I definitely recommend this to everyone!I just wish everyone in the game would just WALK FASTER >_<"
76561198064527406,Recommended,269790,10173900,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,TeeLight,"At the time of writing this only the first Act of the game is out. I enjoyed this game. It was a fun throw back to the PS2 era survival horror games (heck it even looks like one). I will say there isn't a heck of a lot of content in the game at this time (I just did a third play through in about thirty or forty minutes). The content that is in there is pretty nice (except maybe the scissor boss, forget that noise). I'm excited to see how this turns out, and for the price it is about the right amount of content. If this act was the entire game I would say pass it by until it's in the five dollar range, but since by buying it now you get the second act for free once it's done I'd say it's worth it."
,Recommended,269790,22095721,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Django,"At first I was unsure of the game originally, but after trucking through the game I have become rather found of it.I really just like the game as a whole, even with it's flaws.My biggest issue was the sort of lack of direction, and the camera was just absolutely horrid at times. It got pretty maddening at the part with the pig and switching between certain rooms.But other than it's few flaws, I still genuinely enjoyed the game. And I have already purchased the other game in hopes to enjoy that as well!"
,Recommended,269790,10349799,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Praise The Sun,Best Horror/Supernatural Game Ever!It was a very fun and terrifying experience. The whole concept of the ghost inside a school and the puzzles in which you had to use the camera where great. The ghost manage to be really scary and the music and the scenery are very creepy. and it was the first game in all the horror games i have played that takes a scream out of me.10/10
,Recommended,269790,11013636,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Timmy00,"Underrated. The game itself is very short if you try to rush through the game but if you explore (hint: explore the town when it reaches night time), there's plenty of hidden stuff. The game is really oldschool, you're required to explore and interact with your environment with your camera to solve puzzles.The combat system is similar to fatal frame but much more simplistic. The game has a nice variety of enemies and bosses you either have to fight or run from.Also the characters animations are hilarious."
76561198143812907,Recommended,269790,11466900,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,,Highly recommended to anyone that enjoys a good survival horror. The games has pretty itricate puzzles and bosses that make the experience anenjoyable one. As well as hidden items to increase your characters abilities and hidden bosses as well as easter eggs to be found. Can't wait for part two to arrive as I'm sure the rest of h Dreadout Community can't wait for either. I highly sujest purchasing this game. Happy playing adn don't forget to survive the Dread. ;)
76561198030978104,Recommended,269790,11197907,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"Gotta say there aren't many horror games that actually scare me, I just really enjoy games with very creepy atmospheres and gameplay. However this game is an exception. This game is legitimately freaky and especially creepy. I love the gameplay of needing to use your phone camera to fend off ghosts. It doesn't leave the player defenseless entirely but still leaves them open for getting caught. So far this game has been the most enjoyable horror game I've played and I must get back to it. I highly recommend it for horror game enthusiasts."
,Recommended,269790,11197572,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Moxd,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIGcpCJQ0fs&list=PLfgZZXKsqaCDnN0f4gGKowFRmV7DQh8OsNot terrible, but not exactly great. Tons of flaws. but has a ton of potential as a genuinely scary horror game. However, it feels beyond unfinished. In fact, the majority of the game can only be experienced by turning away from the school at the start and running back into the town. Here's hoping Act 2 has far more content and is far more coherant.Regardless, we had fun (check out our LP above)"
76561198143665385,Recommended,269790,11208590,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,DaydreamerDood,"The initial first 20 minutes will probably put you off the game; bad voice acting, unlikely characters, kinda bad graphics (only begining area) but don't let it because it is a very awesome spooky game. The boss fight (last one in particular) was annoying as a very stupid method was needed to defeat 'it' but other than that and a few 'has the game glitched on me or is this the game' moments the game is great very fatal framey."
76561198081890340,Recommended,269790,10137160,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,SolarRab,"This game is great! I've played it for half an hour only and i've had to change pants twice, just joking but still, pretty scary :D"
,Recommended,269790,10142490,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,sChen,"NIce game :)full pointes for athmosphere and musicGrafic is not high end , but that do not destroy the game :)thanx a lot for this nice game :) it is scare hehe"
,Recommended,269790,10143883,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Sven,Scary game. a bit glitchy but worth it
,Recommended,269790,16527110,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Steven,"Only played for about 2 hours and this game is totally worth it as a horror fan. If you like Silent Hill (either the games or the movie), you'll really like the atmosphere of this game. The story is really simple (Young Koreans leave for a trip and they end up in a mysterious ghost town) but it's still effective for this genre.As for the gameplay, it's innovative since you have a smartphone and have to look on the screen to see some ghosts/things. Most of the time, you'll have to explore a vast area to find ghosts/hints/items. It's still easy enough so you won't be stuck for hours to complete an objective.  It's 3rd person view so there is sometimes some camera problems but nothing frustrating.The graphics aren't great (reminds me of the PS2 era) but these aren't the most important thing in a horror game. As long as it's scary (and it is, really scary !), it's good.In conclusion, while it's on sale, buy it, it's totally worth it, especially if you love horror games and you want something different from all these First-Person horror games that were released lately."
,Recommended,269790,10412266,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,BattleCattle,"What I appreciate most about this game is that, while there's not very many enemies in the game, every enemy has a story behind it. In other games like Silent Hill or Fatal Frame, they populate the game with enemy ""Types"", so while you're mowing down legions of supernatural horrors, by the end you've only really fought a few truly unique enemies, and that skews the narrative somewhat. When you throw crowds of the same enemy at the player, the terror of the enemies lessen, and the satisfaction of the player is similarly neutered: That's okay for action games, but horror games should know better, in my opinion.In DreadOut, even ghosts that are the same ""type"" have different sizes, mannerisms, and appearances: One given enemy may be a lumbering hulk dragging a huge metal thing (that I didn't get a clear view of because AAAAAAH), and another one that died in the same manner, and even looks similar, will just be joyriding his ghost motorcycle around the village streets.. Every ghost has a reason to be there, a reason that they're haunting the village (and you by extension), and their uniqueness in the story provides a sort of silent narrative, not centering on Linda or the Red Woman, but on the town itself. It's a pretty cool bit of worldbuilding that's not only supported by the gameplay, but entirely born from it.Though... I do wish there were more environments to explore, or just more expansive environments. An addition of a basement to the school certainly wouldn't have gone amiss, Also, the whole game seems to be a little bit empty of things to do and places to explore: The replay value beyond the second or third playthrough just isn't there.Now that they've finished the game's engine during act one, perhaps act 2 will be an oppertunity for the developers to focus entirely on the story and environments, and maybe polish the visuals a bit. I'm seriously looking forward to it."
76561198046810546,Recommended,269790,10149250,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TheyCallMeKorn,"I have only one complaint about this game and that is it's short playtime. As it stands this game is roughly 2 - 3 hours long. However, there is promise of a second act in the future as free DLC, which is great since I am definitely looking to playing more of this game. Aside from length, everything about this game is great. Even the graphics, which are nothing to scream about, aren't so bad as to detract from the game. The atmosphere for a horror in this is perfect. The music, soundeffects, setting, etc. it all lends to a perfectly unnerving experience. While there are jumpscares, the doesn't actually rely on them to call itself a horror. While playing I wasn't afraid to open doors or look through my viewfinder because I was expecting some cheap thrill. It was simply because the game is creepy, the kind that makes you wary of walking around your house at night even when you're a burly grown man. The only other games I've played that have accomplished that were the Fatal Frame games. Even Silent Hill I find lacking in that regard, yet here is a $15 game that pulls it off spectacularly.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys being made to feel terrified of being alone in the dark. It should do the trick. Just don't go spoiling any of it by watching a walkthrough or anything. Afterall, exploration is the key to any adventure game."
,Recommended,269790,10517381,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ReKinn,"This game is absolutely terrifying. I haven't seen ghosts/monsters/anything this scary in a game since... ever to my recollection. The only complaint I have about this game is that sometimes the puzzles don't really seem to have much rhyme or reason to them, and you can spend a lot of time roaming around. I don't mind puzzles, but it got to a point where I lost some of the immersion. Overall, I do highly recommend this game to any horror enthusiast. Besides, there's always Act 2 to look forward to as well!"
,Recommended,269790,10249159,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,AlphaCore,"Challenging and fun.DreadOut brings the classic horror game type back. I enjoyed the game, still waiting for the 2nd act (They'll give the 2nd act for free). There are puzzles in there, good unexpected puzzles. Awesome.You will not meet usual ghosts in DreadOut, because DreadOut set on Indonesia, you will meet Indonesian urban ghosts there. From harmless to give you a crazy jumpscare, those ghosts are very unusual. Will give you more fun while you're playing with your (afraid of ghost) friends with you.DreadOut is using Unity engine (if I'm not wrong, anyway). Digital Happiness really make a good job at it.Overall, I give this game my thumbs up, Just one negative point from me: It's hard to find the next objective when the game didn't give a clue at all.8.5/10"
,Recommended,269790,10235698,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Redacted Lemur,Dread Out takes the main mechanic from the Fatal Frame series and modernize it. while short the game is seperated into two parts but dosn't lose any scares or any secrets.If you are the fan of old school Survival Horror this is the closest any developer has come to bring the genre back from the dead and moderize it.Highly recommended for any horror lover.
,Recommended,269790,29401459,Posted: 21 January,all,Enviar,"Good puzzle, Spooky atmosphere, Good Story.Survival horror with Indonesia culture."
76561197970380355,Recommended,269790,19990801,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pisha,"A very good game indeed, very creepy with some real scares. The game also has some of the most surreal moments I have seen in a long time. I enjoyed the exploration in the game, its gives you a certian amount of freedom to look around and pick items up. The game has real malevolent atmosphere that is really effective.I do hope people buy it and support these developers, I was surpised to find no bugs in the game, it was solid, I have played modern titles that have had terrible bugs in them, yet a game like this comes along and for me was bug free. its nice to see games like this being developed for the PC. I really enjoyed it and hope other gamers will give this title a try its well worth your time and money."
04444440000000078,Recommended,269790,10476273,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Scruffy cat,This is a must Have Game For Horror Fans.
,Recommended,269790,10154539,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,xlVentuslx,Great game. Brings back classic Survival Horror exploration and problem solving. some spots its a little glitchy but overall it has a great eerie atmosphere.
76561198362064353,Recommended,269790,32804772,Posted: 26 June,all,KatieKaz,"Cool game...but WAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY to o♥♥♥♥ing hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I like it, but it's just way too hard, spend hours running around without a clue of what to do before finally giving up and checking guides for wha to do, and after seeing what to do you realize there is no way for a normal human being to ever figure it out.  Oh, the 'scissors man' is impossible!  I tried to kill him for an hour, literally an hour trying to kill one ♥♥♥♥ing ghost...rediculously stupid ♥♥♥♥ing hard.In summary, it's a cool game, i like the game-play, the graphics are cool, story is cool, playing as a cute schoolgirl is cool...it's just way too ♥♥♥♥ing hard, but yeah, i recommend this game as long as you're prepared for aggrevation and resorting to guides...of maybe i'm just stupid, lol"
,Recommended,269790,10139826,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Commend [S]upport,"Thanks for this, this is the best caffeine we have for $15 per bundle. I believe any dose of this will keep me awake, for a week.I've tried the demo, but this release is really far beyond expectation. Great audio works."
,Recommended,269790,10782071,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,alopecoidartist,it's super duper
76561197998159333,Recommended,269790,11714972,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Raveneer,"Dreadout is a great freshman effort at crafting a new Indie 3rd person survival horror game. It is not a perfect or even a long game, even with the promised 2nd Act still in production, but what is there is pretty damn unsettling and creepy. You just wish there was more of it.Going in its favor is the great atmosphere of a small Indonesian village (which you only get to explore a tiny portion of) and a school. The Indonesian language shows up all over the school, lending it just enough familiarity and exotic flair for those of us who grew up on horror games set in the States. Adding to this are the ghosts you encounter, of which there are a small number. It isn't like Fatal Frame where you keep encountering 'filler' ghosts that respawn when you get stuck and are circling throughout a level.Much has been said of the frustrating bosses in this game, but whether they've tweaked them or nerfed them or I just got lucky, neither of them gave me too much trouble, although the last boss's strategy did get annoying, even with the hints you get upon dying from her to tell you what to do.Just how does a phone camera have the power to stop the undead? I dunno, but I'm glad it works for the most part. Sometimes you wish it took pictures faster so you could nail a ghost's weakspot, especially the one you do find in the school that wanders around on the second floor.The graphics range between impressive and late era PS2, which shouldn't be looked at as a flaw. I enjoyed them. The sound design works well and instills more of the creepy atmosphere.The voice work is miss and hit. It doesn't have any standout lines like ""A Jill sandwich"", but thankfully it's limited to the beginning when the students are all milling about. It's probably for the best that all the kids disappear; they undermine the horror more than help it.I hope Digital Happiness continues to make horror games and to refine their experiences. If you want to play this game, play the demo first; the demo is, oddly, a unique experience and works more like a free prologue to the game you buy. The demo's content isn't cut and paste from the main game and works better at instilling horror than the main game does.If you know what you're doing, the game will last around 2 hours, but there are a number of achievements to track down and collect which can help extend the game's life. It's no Fatal Frame but it earns high marks for trying."
,Recommended,269790,10780810,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,migoreng,do you think this is a horror game?wrong! this is a super horror game!those scary ghosts never fail to surprise me.Now I'm waiting for act 2 update. I hope they add more feature on next updateGood job guys
,Recommended,269790,11063383,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kiht,"This Game is just a fun, spooky experience. Definitely worth a try, if your not convinced watch the first act on youtube, more is to come."
,Recommended,269790,11314689,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Grabapint,"Wow!  I haven't gotten startled in a game in a long while.  This one actually made me jump quite a few times in different places throughout the game.  It is a pretty short game, but they have episode 2 coming for free as an update later.  So Get in there and do some ghost hunting!"
,Recommended,269790,19632636,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Detail.movie💕,"It says I only have 1 hour of gameplay, that is incorrect. I have at least 50 hours into this game and I completed it.DreadOut is a good horror game with solid action, decent story, and difficult&simple puzzles. Common questions that everyone asks is ""Is this game good?"" and ""Is this game really scary?"" Let me answer these questions for you.Is this game good?Simple answer: Yes. It has everything I expect from a horror title. The atmosphere is dark and gritty, the story has solemn undertones, there is lore that you unlock and can read from your journal, and the music fits this title perfectly. The music really made me feel like I was somewhere terrible and I needed to get out immediately. The controls are also responsive and simple. If you can allow yourself to immerse into the story, it's a very enjoyable experience. There are also three endings and different costumes for Linda. The costumes are unlocked when you complete the game once and are accesible from the rear of the van at the start of Act 1 (Not Act 0). Giving it some decent replayability.Is this game really scary?No, the game overall is not that scary. Reason being, your smart phone doesn't run out of batteries. This is a constant sense of security in itself. Secondly, you can take unlimited pictures without worrying of running out of film... Remember dying in Fatal Frame because you ran out of film? Yeah, that will never happen here. HOWEVER, if you want to expand upon this and ask if the ghosts themselves are scary then my answer is yes. The ghosts are very scary, the sounds they make, the movements they make is all very creepy and unsettling. But again, most of the ghosts are easily dispatched save for the bosses and a few tricky ghosts.All that aside, there's a lot in this game if one takes the time to look for it. I found many hidden things in this game that I really appreciated like UFOs in the sky, hidden ghosts, and other small recognizable details. These things won't break immersion because they're extremely difficult to spot. The puzzles are questionable in places, I found some puzzles clear and easy to solve but some puzzles were unclear. Example: I spent many hours running around a school looking for a solution to one puzzle. The solution was an object I ran past several dozen times.That is really the only time I can think of where a puzzle was unclear. The rest are simple.Ghosts have some strategy to them. For example, some ghosts take more damage when aiming for their head. Also, some ghosts are invicible unless you hit a certain part of their body. Bosses are tricky and can kill Linda very quickly if the player is unprepared. Ghosts will disappear into walls... So if you're in a tight hallway and you encounter a ghost, it's best to run up and down the hallway. There is a lot of dodging in this game, it's not always as simple as standing and snapping pictures. And each ghost has their own fighting style. That alone kept me playing.The only real negative I can give this game is they removed high resolution textures during a 32-bit patch. The developers plan to release a patch to fix this.Pros:Good story, chilling and foreboding at times but that's horror for you.Responsive and simple controls.A good variety of scary ghosts with different tactics involved.Hidden eastereggs.Extra unlockable costumes for Linda.Good sound track and sound effects.Lots of lore to dig into if you take the time to read it.Three possible endings.Bosses can be challenging and fun.Good voice acting.Cons:The puzzle in the school can be unclear without a guide.Smart phone never runs out of batteries.No high resolution textures (yet).Some ghosts are invincible for plot importance.Neutral:You may die a few times attemping to find a way to kill a ghost.It can be easy to miss some things without pointing smart phone at it. (depends how thorough you are or how quick you can react)Ghosts will disappear into walls.Some symbolism and meanings in lore can be difficult to follow because it's taken from Indonesian myths.Overall, I highly recommend this game. The cons, imo, are minor and are outweighed by the pros. Some aspects reminded me of Fatal Frame, Silent Hill, and even The Grudge (which is a horror movie I quite enjoyed.) I recommend buying it at sale price, it goes on sale often.P.S. In Act 1, instead of going into the haunted town, you can turn around and run back down the road. Run and be free!"
,Recommended,269790,10122635,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,CynicalSausage,"Two words sum up this game, Amazing and Creepy. This is definatelly work a buy if you enjoy horror games! They've nailed the atmosphere and the over all tone of the game, Bravo!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thD8EoLy6Rg"
,Recommended,269790,10137511,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Protos Ω,First horror game that actually scared me. 11/10
,Recommended,269790,10162838,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,MULUT ANDA KOTOR | Farmskins.com,"Pertama main game ini, saya dipenuhi kebingungan bagaimana cara bermainnya.. makin lama main (10menit) akhirnya saya tahu semuanya. mungkin yang kurang di game ini adalah in-game tutorial yang hanya sebatas informasi saja, tidak ditunjukkan dengan pop up yang lebih jelas.Tingkat kesulitan hanya di awal, selebihnya lancar. Hantu sudah mendekati realita. walau saja menurut saya belum melengkapi semua hantu di indonesia. mungkin di act 2 lebih baik. Jalan cerita sangat baik, dan juga adanya obyek-obyek yang matang.Harus dimainkan? YAHarus dibeli aslinya? YAHarus direkomendasikan? YAHarga Kemahalan? YAKelebihan :Indonesia bangetSetannya nakutinCeweknya kece-keceKekurangan :Perlu peningkatan segi grafik dan model 3dBelum adanya karakter antagonisKurang baik jika menggunakan controller (saya menggunakan Logitech F310)Google translate:The first play this game, I met the confusion of how to play the game .. the longer the play (10min) eventually I know everything. probably less in this game is the in-game tutorial that only limited information only, not indicated by a pop up more clearly.The level of difficulty is only in the beginning, the rest smooth. Ghost is approaching reality. Just think though I have not completed all the ghosts in Indonesia. probably better in act 2. The storyline is very good, and also the presence of mature objects.Should be played? YESMust be purchased original? YESShould be recommended? YESPrice overpriced? YESPros:Indonesia reallydemons creepingAnxiety-anxiety girlfriendDisadvantages:Need improvement in terms of graphics and 3d modelsThe absence of an antagonist characterLess well if using a controller (I use a Logitech F310)"
,Recommended,269790,10149624,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,KEVIN_IT-TBONE,"An amazing horror game with creepy atmosphere. However, if you are in the mood for a 7 to 10 hour game, what until the free update named ACT 2 to come out. The standard ACT 1 totals to 3 to 4 hours. This is a must have game for Fatal Frame fans."
76561198035293488,Recommended,269790,10157434,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mango Unchained™,"Dreadout is one of the many impressive horror games out there ! It has its unique parts where u need to use the camera in order to see the enemy which just makes this game so much more intense. Half the time i just dont want to raise the camera in fright of what i may see before me , The jump scares are superb fantasticly worked out. The first episode was great and i cannot wait for the second to release. I have played many horror games and i would highly recommend this to any horror fan ! Please check out my youtube channel would mean a lot and well done to the dev team great workhttp://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9_Y-eptepZ8UX5NWqjTPOg<<< My ChannelRegards Mango"
,Recommended,269790,10185651,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Greslus,"DreadOut is a survival-horror game that focus heavily on puzzle solving, item hunting, and a few bosses fights if you meet the requirement items. Although graphic wise it isn't much to compare with other games with huge staff and budget, the mechanics are consistent enough and the dialogue and puzzles are decent.Since the game mechanics mostly based on Fatal Frame (with a modern twist) it treated the player like a veteran Fatal Frame player, and the game don't hold your hand in anyway (though I recomended reading the How-to-Play at the tittle screen for beginners and veteran player either way)The music in most cases are really well done, but a bit awkward in others. The animation of the NPCs are weird and clunky but you won't be bothered with it much since in the first act you won't be spending much time with them.Ghost and Boss fights are well done in a lot of aspects. Some are straightforward big-scary-strong monster and some are one-shot at their weak spot. The game makes you question what strategy you should use at each ghost encounter. If you are defeated by a ghost, don't worry. The game won't punishes you harshly for your mistakes but instead sends you to a limbo stage for you to think what mistakes you have made.At first sight, items you encountered may seems useless but if you gathered all of them, the buff, or power up, you get will eventually noticable. So, don't be afraid to explore!The game does well to deliver an intense atmosphere once you entered the ""Night-Stage"" combining music ambience and ghost passing through hallways at moments where you are most restless hearing strange noises.Although the first act was short (about 2-3 hours first playthrough), the second act is being develop to patch as future DLC (which cost absolutely nothing, don't worry)In summary, if you are looking for a fresh horror without western influances, and willing to sacrifice next-gen graphic, this is the game for you which only cost 15$. But if you couldn't handle the low-budget looks of the game, I suggest otherwise. But either way, you will be missing out on experiencing a new asian horror if you choose to not play this."
76561198026208365,Recommended,269790,19703713,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Thomas,"This might be not a triple A game, but i'm in love with the main character so hey, what can I say ?10/10 Linda <3"
,Recommended,269790,10144404,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,BQK.,I CANTTTT I CANTTTT handle the jump scare T_____________T .apwedcvmqpafgneqpa9fmq0auq3hgn fxzl  !!!!!!!!!
76561198096926751,Recommended,269790,10135564,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,...,VERY SCARY
,Recommended,269790,10145773,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Dar,9/10
76561198070647062,Recommended,269790,30537168,Posted: 15 March,all,Alex,"What is DreadOut?DreadOut is a horror game that is heavily influnced by Fatal Frame, or else Project Zero. Instead of an old camera however you are equipped with a modern smartphone, the Irisphone. Your enemies are ghosts that are based on Indonesian mythology.Now then, let's talk about the story. You play as Linda, a high schooler that returns from a trip with her fellow school friends and teacher. You arrive at a broken bridge and while you try to think what you are going to do next, a troublemaker finds a way through the bushes and towards the village where the broken bridge leads to. Soon the whole group follows suit and you arrive at a school. You found nothing and no one along your way. The moment you enter the school, all hell breaks loose. Linda is seperated from her friends and now has to grit her teeth and get on with it in order to find her friends and escape from this place.The story is nothing too fancy, is actually kinda vague all the way, but it's a standard one and doesn't go to the exremes in experimenting new ideas. However, the Indonesian mythology of ghosts, their origins and story as well as the visual perception of the ghosts are spot on!The soundtrack of the game is also kinda vague, nothing too memorable, but the ambient sounds of your footsteps, the voices of the ghosts and so on add to the overall atmosphere of the game which is absolutely fantastic; you feel the immersion of the game, something very rare in horror games nowadays. Jumpscares are nice, but actually feeling dread, THAT is what horror fans such as myself are looking for! The voice acting is average at best unfortunately, something that destroyed the already bad character cast.The characters of the game are not memorable at all. The only one that they did absolute justice upon is Linda, the protagonist. Through her voiceless acting, her demeanor, her composure, her unwavering willpower, you come to see Linda in a new light, someone that you actively want to protect.The graphics are old and the game does indeed show that. They are not ugly per se, but they are indeed outdated, something that lowers the atmosphere score in my opinion. However, there are some details out there that are very nice when you spot them.The game revolves a lot around the camera, as most if not all of its puzzles are solved through it. Sometimes the controls are clunky but once you get used to them you shouldn't have too many issues! If however you are using a controller for Steam, ensure the button configuration doesn't change, especially if you switch from Big Mode and so forth.DreadOut is a game I personally loved and enjoyed till the end. There are some fun achievements as well, for those who actively seek them out like I do. It's not a groundbreaking experience by all means, but DreadOut taught me a couple of things. One, that you don't need a game to be overly complicated, it can be enjoyable if what you present you really worked on. And two, this kind of gameplay is not dead yet!A game for horror fans, a niche even in that and a game that anyone can play, even if they are squirmish!Here is the video review I did for my channel. Have a look! Don't forget to comment, like if you liked and subscribe to the channel for more content!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr-4UNM8Q2QThanks for reading! Have a good one!"
,Recommended,269790,10121282,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Razgriz,"One of the better attempts as horror in recent memory. Plays a lot like Fatal Frame except with a more Indonesian setting. Really good monster designs, good pacing, and while I think the scary factor is gonna be hit or miss with some people as it relies on ambience with the occassional jump scare. The good thing is that it does not rely completly on jump scares like some of the other survival horror games out now. I feel as though this is a game that had all the right pieces but at some moments they were not executed at their best. I would like to see an act 3 or a sequel to this game in the future. I think with a little more refinement this could go from being a good game to a really great game."
,Recommended,269790,10144742,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Venterivia,"Dread Out is a masterpiece of the lastest horror game. It gives a refreshing wind to the horror genre (the lastest horror genre is about alien, monster, mutant, and zombie). Grab it fast if you like horror game that stays true to the actual ghost! A fatal frame reborn game that every fatal frame fans must play!About the game :- The graphics itself isn't exteremely awesome. The model playable is good, but for the others isn't as good as the playable character (Linda). The scenery and the building is good enough. And if you're an Indonesian, you will find the texture and model scenery is somewhat amusing and funny.- The audio is *DAEBAK*. I'll give it a 9.5/10 for the spooky in game feelings (well, actually the lastest horror game is about audio things that grabs the spooky feelings, LOL)- The atmosphere is very good. From the audio and the setting, even in daytime it gives me quite surprise. If you want to know then imagine a town like Silent Hill 1 or 2, it's an abandoned town somewhere in high altitude areas in Indonesia (I believe). In the daytime it's misty and in the night it's (of course) dark.- (Lastly) The ghost. Like they discribe in the description, the game is based on Indonesian folklore and tale. So (of course) the ghost are from Indonesia, but they change it a bit, like how come Pocong hold a scythe and it's dragging itself on the ground?? It should be jumping all around.The thing I want most from this game :- If there is an update of this game, please make an option to choose the audio. Because when i played the demo years ago, the audio is in Indonesia. I want to play the game in Indonesian Audio and the text is in English. (well it's just my selfish reason, LOL)Overall i will give this game 9/10 for horror genre, and 8/10 for general genre."
,Recommended,269790,10144003,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Girishajin,"Asian horror, my favorite!!!"
,Recommended,269790,14989293,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ryofu Housen,"Linda's Boobs actually Jiggle!10/10Lol, I myself can't complete this game (because I hate horror game), so I watched youtube instead and I'm totally support the devs :) It is a pretty good horror but still need to be polished in many ways... I just hope devs still have more surprise with upcoming Free Roam DLC..."
,Recommended,269790,10942762,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ayako Ari,Choke best friend and she smiles 11/10 would choke again
,Recommended,269790,16499244,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dul,Linda is cute
,Recommended,269790,10134386,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,isaiahere,"DreadOut is a decent indie horror game with interesting concepts. Gameplay can be very frustrating at times since objectives are often vague, but once you find what you're looking for, you'll be smacking yourself in the head at how stupid you are for not noticing it earlier. Combat is creative and each enemy is unique, often containing different weaknesses and traits. My biggest gripe is definitely the short length of the game (a single playthrough being around 3-5 hours, possibly more depending on how much you explore). Hopefully, part 2 will make the game more lengthy. Also, there were some really creepy scares in the demo that could have been added to the full game, or at least made similar. I liked the idea of Linda's friends becoming possessed. It really conveys a fear of whether or not you can trust anybody in the game. I'm looking forward to seeing all that this game has to offer in part 2."
,Recommended,269790,35090179,Posted: 20 September,all,Ushio,The only game that support my native language.I don't care about people bad reviews. I'm giving this game thumbs up because eh.... because this game fully support my native language both voice acting & subtitles.
76561198062006044,Recommended,269790,16630982,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Poro Rider Sejuani,"Just finished getting the last achievment, and thereby completed the game for the 4th time. And I have enjoyed every bit of it!I love the concept of using a camera/mirrors as the source of sight. By using the camera you can see ghosts, as well as entering first person pov. Sadly many ghosts can be seen without using the camera, which for me is kinda a let down. I think it adds realism to the game, that ghosts can only be seen through something like mirrors, reflections or a camera.The story is rather 'meh', but does a great job setting the atmosphere of horror.The gameplay itself is enjoyable. The collectables are not really of any interest really, as well as Linda's 'sprint' is miserable. There is not much mobility in the game, and most of the puzzles is near impossible to solve as there are NO clues how to solve them. As for the mobs; they are all unique: You will not run into the same mob after you've killed it once, which makes sence, since all people are unique too when alive. Since the only way of fighting them is by using the camera, it is a bit sad that not many mobs have special ways of fighting them. It is basically just snapping pics of them untill they die: I think there should be more unique fighting with more mobs having weakspots etc.With all of that said though, the game features a lot of great horror, unique mechanics and an enjoyable gameplay. There are not many games out there such as 'DreadOut', 'Fatal Frame' etc, so this game was definitely worth the play, I enjoyed it very much. I would love to see a 3rd Act.I'd give this game a 7/10"
76561198107385672,Recommended,269790,17591273,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"I've seen this game on a recorded stream and found it fun to watch. I thought it wouldn't scare me at all if I tried it myself but it totally freaked me out and successfully made me scarejump on the first manifestation of the ghost. That was funny ! I like this game. The fact I really enjoy the gameplay in this game is also without a single doubt related to my nostalgy of the birth of 3D in video game universe as Resident Evil was my first survival horror and still pretty much the only one I love. I remember that I did beat Code veronica and despite the amazing cutscenes wasn't that much exited to play it. All the next episodes took directions that totally repulsed me as obviously the mystery is always extremely exiting while the conclusions or revelations are most often extremely disapointing when they're just related to bio weapon sci-fi unfortunately. And I mean especially in the Resident Evl serie. This character here reminds me Claire Redfield with a bit of asian blood added and despite the horrible 3D like flat identical bushes and obvious fake trees I totally enjoy the atmospehere and undoublty overly simple gameplay. Whether in cinema or video games, mostly nothing so amazing can be expected of scenarios that mix zombies and mad sci-fi or if there are titles that I haven't tried and are really interesting, then may you generously grant me your lenience. The only problem when you love to explore every corners of spacious areas in this game is Linda definitly isn't an athlete like Lara Croft. Otherwise, I really enjoy this game."
76561198070816724,Recommended,269790,10340004,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,The Lion from the North,I checked the system requirements beforehand to make sure I could play It and the game just gliches out right before I can see the opening.... The triler looks great though and the videos I have seen of the game make me want to reccomend it to anyone with a good enouph computer.
,Recommended,269790,10301973,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,nobody,WOHOOOOO
,Recommended,269790,10338733,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,TravioliTravioli,I'm a big fan of unnerving and eerie horror games and I don't think I've been scared like this game scares me. The ghosts can be absolutely terrifying if you decide to run around for clues/items and don't pay attention to the subtle signs of them nearby and can still make you jump even when you know they're right in front of you. The music for this fits the game perfectly and couldn't be any better. The only cons I've found so far is the long loading time and occasional frame skip when a new area is loading during the start of the game. Definitely worth the buy.
76561198138825310,Recommended,269790,10340129,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Scare Meister,"Quite an excellent game. However, be prepared for a slow start to the game. The scares build up slowly, each ghost more frightening than the last. The first act is short, but still enjoyable. The seciond act will be free, so this brings hope to Dreadout enthusiasts. This game is undoubtedly one of the scariest games I have ever played. The ghosts are nothing more than horrid twisted viasges of their former selves, hellbent on shattering your mind, body and soul. My final verdict? Get it, its worth it."
76561198009200740,Recommended,269790,10340144,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,MyCreeds,This game freaks the living **** out of me!
,Recommended,269790,10168108,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,[M]odus [O]perandi™,this game is awesome! I love the feel of playing a PS2 horror kind of game! it brings back the old times! Kudos to the maker of this game! just started playing so i can't comment on story yet but i believe this is gonna be fun and scary at the same time!
,Recommended,269790,10172956,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,SARS Cafe,brings me back to fatal frame. Really good game act 1 is short but it requires brain power. So good though play the demo give this game a try and if you like it BUY IT.
76561198034580911,Recommended,269790,10183038,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Ken-derek,"As a die hard horror game fan I say this game is brilliant! Digital Happiness brought back what we horror gamers want, the scare factor. One of the enimies took my breath away the first time i encountered it, I literally had to stop playing and take a break! I would recommened this game to anyone who loves very scary games!"
76561197999935755,Recommended,269790,10190582,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,DoRa,"At first it looks like a fatal frame / project zero clone, but it gets pretty creative and orginal. Realy good atmosphere and use of sound. A bit short though since it's only one act so far."
76561198084840935,Recommended,269790,10193230,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Rocket,be prepaired to have a love hate relationship with this game. in the end it was great and fun
76561198134696832,Recommended,269790,10204684,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Siya,its ♥♥♥♥in scary!
,Recommended,269790,10232679,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kurniawan EP,Karya anak bangsa. Keren dah XD
76561198045386511,Recommended,269790,10256225,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jerky McJerkface,"DreadOut is very remniscent of Fatal Frame in a very good way. This game has a very creepy atmosphere with decent graphics and hair-raising audio that leaves you wondering if something sinister is just around the corner. The first enemy you face will undoubtedly send chills down your spine. It is very easy to get immersed into this setting.Visuals = Decent, not too shabby considering it's an indie game.Audio = Definite strength here. The atmospheric music is creepy as hell. Voice acting is decent. Enemy sounds are quite chilling at times.Controls = Operates smoothly, fairly simple and easy to pick-up.Challenging Factor = Some enemies seem easy, however, there was one boss for me that felt a little ridiculous.If you like old school survival horror you'll defintely like this game. It's a good buy for the price, and if you don't believe that then just download the demo and see for yourself! The game currently only includes Act 1. However, Act 2 will be added (they say free of charge) at some point in the future."
,Recommended,269790,11799235,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Sick Sloth,This is a very good game I can't wait tell act 2.
,Recommended,269790,21548033,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Squirrel,"If you enjoy creepy settings, ghosts and stuff based off of the Asian culture, this game is for you!I got lost many times in the game, I would get lost again in it.9/10"
,Recommended,269790,11376705,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Aktaion,Good Scares and atmosphere! Roll on part 2!
76561198150208775,Recommended,269790,19026681,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mom,"I REALLY love this game.I have never been truly ""scared"" of a game, but this is the only game that has ever made me feel the tension of being ""watched.""People complain about the animation and graphics, but those remind me of the PS2 era which gives an interesting nostalgic feeling.Not everyone can relate to this one, but I was born and raised in South-East Asia which means that the ghosts and monsters here are very similar. But even if you don't relate to that interest, the monsters are still VERY diverse and interesting.The story is nice, and you do have to have some background knowledge of certain subjects to fully understand the story. Which to me, I think that's really neat because you need to comtemplate from in and out of game.The actual gameplay, controls, and battle are really nice as well because they're simple since the game is made mostly just for the puzzles and the story. The fights have made me feel challenged instead of frustrated, which is something REALLY important to me.I really do love this game and I reccomend it!"
,Recommended,269790,12107982,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Yuno ❤,"An awesome game!For me, it is not really scary, but pretty difficult to play through, even with the help from YouTube videos.If you are looking for a game that would scare the wits out of you, you might find it not so satifying as you imaged. But if you just want to try an addicting game with great CGs and music, I will recommend it."
76561198020014096,Recommended,269790,17159605,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Yulen,"One of my absolute favorite games as of late. The game play is very interesting, and teh story is very good."
76561197969875942,Recommended,269790,18693675,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dvine,"Very atmospherical asian horror game!This is a vid of my first 30 mins.I enjoyed it a lot, makes me want to jump on a plane and go on exotic holiday, well maybe without all the ghosts trying to kill me and such lol talking about jumping, one jumpscare definitely got me :D it's in the vid.However after I died I (also in the vid) I just got respawned to the exact same spot surrounded by monsters, which promptly killed me again, not cool :/This actually took a few times of dying over and over until I got out of that spot and could defend myself properly.It seems my playing time isn't displayed correctly on Steam, for some reason.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_5R3BbPaN0"
,Recommended,269790,20553614,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DamphirBlue,"It's better than Fatal Frame! Most of the ghosts you fight are boss ghosts with their own puzzles as to how you beat them, and so not only was it fun to solve each ghost fight, it never felt repetitve. And some ghosts were really hard, and some were just designed to kill you whether you liked it or not, and it makes you feel helpless and afraid. And I really liked how you get further and further away from the light in limbo each time you die. It felt ominous like I only had a few reborns left before I'd perish for good. The game is dark and hard to see like it should be in a horror game. And it was pretty long too. I hope this game gets to make it to PS4 too just because my PC can't push 60fps with this game. I really loved it! I hope there is plenty more to come! Thank you for the awesome game!"
,Recommended,269790,24877466,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Trash Tier Player,"Dreadout is an Indonesian indie horror game, which focuses on Linda Melinda. Trapped in an abandoned town, and armed with her trusty Irisphone, she whips it out to exorcise ghosts with her trusty camera on her smartphone. If that sounds similar, it's because it's quite similar to the Fatal Frame series.Linda will encounter many types of ghosts, some visible normally, some only visible by the camera, and some only visible by the camera by certain means. To exorcise them, she needs to take a picture of them in the camera. Some ghosts can simply be exorcised by taking a picture of them normally, while some can only be done so by taking a picture of their weak points. Once exorcised, their entry will enter Linda's book of ghostbusting, in terms of their relative origins. And as the background of the game implies, most of the ghosts are based on Indonesian horror folklores.You can swap between third person or first person view. First person view is obviously for camera snapping, while third person is mainly used to navigate Linda across the town, or to reposition her effectively, as in first person view your movement is slower than usual. Ghosts will attack you physically and magically, and when she dies, she will enter a limbo realm, which she is allowed to return to the realm of the living.As there are very few games that are similar to the Fatal Frame series on PC, I must say, this game is pretty unique. Also, unlike many games, the hints in this game is extremely vague. If you are playing it for the first time or so, you may be clueless as to what to do next, since it doesn't tell you what to do completely. It's pretty interesting, yet frustrating at the same time. Also sometimes the ghosts actually gets bugged out, where even though they should be dead, yet they aren't. This will occur if you do something which is not exactly as the game dictate, for example, using the SLR camera instead of the Irisphone for a certain event. It's avoidable, but if you are playing it on your first playthrough, then it may happen.This game actually have quite a lot of jumpscares. It's shocking for the first few times, but when the ghost attack is so, it gets pretty annoying. I don't want to get screamed right in my monitor repeatedly. Also, as I mentioned earlier about the limbo realm, you can't actually die. She will never move on, but continue to return to the land of the living. The biggest issue about this game is that, it's short. On your first playthrough, it will take much longer, since you will be cautious of the environment and also get stuck due to the lack of hints. However, once you know how it goes, you can finish it really fast, within 2 hours or less. Even in one playthrough, you can get many achievements in one go, which is something achievement hunters will actually like.Overall, I say it's a decent indie horror game. There are not many horror games which uses a camera to exorcise ghost on the PC, so it's pretty unique. Horror fans will love this game. However, it's kinda short and jumpscares tend to get really annoying over time. I would suggest to get it during a sales though. Also get the Keepers of the Dark standalone DLC. It will explain the story a bit more better as the plot of that game occurs somewhere within this game storyline, though don't play it first, as you will really be clueless on what to do."
76561198150271511,Recommended,269790,15028718,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Moch Dimas Bayu,"this game is so nice , I'm so love the graphics , and this game can change Third Person to First person , and The most special this game made in Indonesian ;))"
,Recommended,269790,17226166,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Xairaz,"First of all, yes, this game has it's bugs and glitches. But the atmosphere is amazing, and that definitely makes up for it.This game should be played in a dark room, preferably with a set of headphones on.The atmosphere, the strange creatures and it's creepiness is great all the way through.The story is kinda like Silent Hill.You follow a schoolgirl and a few friends and a teacher. On the road they suddenly stomp into a broken bridge. The bridge has never been there before. They start searching around to see if they can get through somehow. They find and search an old school to see if they can find any help with directions, since they seem lost (I guess). Of cause it ends with everyone getting seperated, You are playing the role as Linda in search of her friends.The voice acting is good, the animation however is kinda clunky and the story is fairly mediocore, though with a great twist at the end. The monsters are creative and scary.Gameplay was for me a little hard to get used to - I tried starting out with a controller, but after a while, felt mouse and keyboard was the better choice for this game. The game mechanics are quiet simple, you run and walk most of the time looking for clues, and once in a while you have to fight monsters. You fight the monsters by taking pictures of them with a smartphone camera and later on a SLR Camera. Taking their pictures makes the monsters go away.At times it can be a little hard to know where to go and what to do (mostly in act 1, school area), but it's possible to figure out.For people who can look past DreadOuts rough edges, bugs and glitches - I would definitely recommend this game for anyone who's a fan of horror games. The sheer horror of facing these weird monsters, trying to find you friends and get out is great. Again, the atmosphere is amazing and is the selling point of this game."
76561198160489827,Recommended,269790,32880596,Posted: 27 June,all,everettpatrick4,It's good game but it keeps crashing after I get done with Act 0. I hope this will get fixed soon
76561198053551294,Recommended,269790,33222893,Posted: 4 July,all,BLACK,"it's really a good game and very scary I never played a game like that even Resident evil not scary comparing to this game ""T_T"
,Recommended,269790,35172377,Posted: 23 September,all,maggatar95,"I enjoy the atmosphere and concept of this game, but the puzzles are nearly impossible to complete without looking up some sort of help and some of the bosses (cough cough SCISSOR GHOST cough cough) are ridiculously difficult to defeat. Not a bad game, but there are some things that could be tweaked."
76561198052983021,Not Recommended,269790,35399325,Posted: 1 October,all,jvgocavs_2000,"Auto-save feature is broken.  Played an hour in the first act (the chapter with the school), started it up again the next day and had to ""continued"" my adventure from the beginning of the stage.  Too many games to play to waste time on one that loses all my progress.  And there is no option to manually save.  Other than the broken Auto-save feature Dreadout is an unpolished imitation of the much better Fatal Frame serries.  I like the concept but the execution is severely lacking."
76561198160868511,Recommended,269790,35126145,Posted: 22 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"An indonesian horror game heavily inspired by the Fatal Frame series.All things considered Dreadout is a pretty good game,i've really enjoyed it's enviroments and pacing,so i can heartily raccomand it to fans of atmospheric games and survival horror.Oh and it also has some pretty cute waifus,that's always a plus."
,Recommended,269790,10146277,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,shinobu_loli,Must Try
,Recommended,269790,10147409,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,(Maid)AikoMeow,For this game It's very satisfying for me Because the game gives us a test of courage.And we know that fear is something we create.I vote 10/10
76561198078117464,Recommended,269790,10149425,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,SkepticFrog,"As an Indonesian myself, the game gives out a very impressive presentation of the horror genre although at times it relies on jumscares. On the other hand the game became a solid medium to represent Indonesian ghosts and myths so thats a 10/10 amazing work guys"
,Recommended,269790,10317594,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Khaibarton,I loved Fatale frame when it came out and when i heard about thins game i just couldn't wait survival horror is my favorite genre and this game is really enjoyable.
,Recommended,269790,19803938,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ADAM KRISHNA,"Game Dreadout Buatan Indonesia memang sangat keren banget sumpah (y) bahkan lebih serem dari game among the sleep,amnesia,slenderman dll...Pokoknya TOP BANGET deh game dreadout (y) sukses selalu buat Digital Happiness ^_^"
76561198091650880,Recommended,269790,10200769,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Hook me harder Daddy,"Great game but not as scary as the demo. I found the demo to be a lot scarier in every way. Im almost finished the game and only an hour and a half in so its not that long of a game.  That being said the entire game is amazing, i found my hour and a half  to have flown by having fun exploring the world.7/10 Im looking forward to part two, hopefully that will be a bit longer than part one."
,Recommended,269790,15601812,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,crow,"An exceptional game that takes its cues from PS2 horror games like Siren, Silent Hill 2, Fatal Frame and Kuon.  The Indonesian setting is fresh compared to the numerous games set in rural Japan or urban America, and the enemies, taken from Indonesian folklore, are new and unnerving.  A great successor to those games, much better than current Resident Evil, Slender or other contemporary ""horror"" games.The game does have its flaws.  Graphics are PS2 quality, which while fine for me, may turn off some used to current levels of visual fidelity.  I found combat very difficult and frustrating, and the cell phone is nowhere near as powerful as the camera obscura of Fatal Frame fame.  This game is ripe for a sequel, numerical or otherwise, that tweaks these ideas.  Despite these flaws, the game is solid.  I'm eagerly looking forward to Digital Happiness's next game, be it a sequel or a new IP.The highest praise I can give for this game is that for the first time in a long time, I quit the game not in frustration or fatigue, but out of fear.  I did not want to see what was next.8.5/10"
,Recommended,269790,13078318,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,TharCoser12,"Good game for those who like ""old school' horror games.I played the first act and the second act. The first act was kinda short and just in one place.but the second act is a bit of surprise because it's longer than the first act, the puzzles were not that hard, a lot of new ghost, new places, and we're not alone in the second act.9/10 for the first act10/10 for the second actso..... 9.5/10 for me"
,Recommended,269790,13457596,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cho Chang,"Alright after beating it for the first time ever, I gotta say, this is easily one of my favorite horror games ever! I mean the lore is amazingly done, I love the ambience, always is so spooky even during the day, and even though the scissor ghost is damn hard to beat, I didn't have all the power ups, I love love love this game and hopefully will get it 100% complete, I really hope they do a sequel, cause i wanna know what happens with Mrs. Siska and Linda."
,Recommended,269790,14960021,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,bardacık,I got the helpless feel similar to old school silent hill. Definetly recommended.
,Recommended,269790,16521023,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Myx,"Wow! I really impressed. Horror how it should be. Not like talentless Outlast or other cheap sh*t on Steam. This indonesian guys can really scare you. Looks like they are really talanted in that. This game is like a James Wan's movies - best horror movies of last years in my opinion.A lot of original creepy ideas, various gameplay, absence of monotony. I really like this game. A little frustrating not perfect technical realization and few not logic puzzles, for example a make flash to the bush to go through. I couldn't find an explanation why I should to come to a conclusion to make it. But there was only couple of moments when I looked for a solution on the Internet. Most of puzzles easy to solve.Anyway, it's a best horror game on Steam in my opinion. Hightly recommend to buy it and try to play. Many thanks to developers. You are really talanted.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=464370225http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=464371605"
,Recommended,269790,29177064,Posted: 10 January,all,ᴀxᴏɴ,A Terrifying Indonesian Horror Game-A Female Protagonist-Graphic Old But Still Enjoyable-Control Kinda Little Bit Awkward But I Manage Get Used To It-Solve Puzzles-Fan Of Fatal Frame Should Play This-Hot Chicks.Daamn Those Ti....nvm8/10 Terrified
76561198131943416,Recommended,269790,14506398,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,gump692007,I just started this game glad to know there are two parts to this now and for $10 bucks on sale not bad and from what i can tell its gonna be a hell of a ride and based on others reviews as well this seems like a scary♥♥♥♥♥game. I played for like 5 minutes and already got jumped lol I own every horror game possible from amnesia to the evil within and this game gives me the creeps so do i recommend it I will know that after i finish the game but from what i can tell ya if your into horror and at this sale price go for it!
,Recommended,269790,15060384,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Horror puzzle game.Interface/Menu/SettingsIt has many Resolution sizes.You can only play this game Fullscreen mode.Old graphics even if you totally maximize the settings.There is only a Master Volume slidebar.There are only 2 VOICE languages available. English and Indonesia.There are many TEXT languages available and you are able to turn on Subtitles.You can play with your xbox controller.Able to change your keyboard and mouse controls. But not Controller.Small Tutorial.About the game.You are a girl with a mobile in some kind of a village. (Yes it's normal for every girls that they have mobiles now these days). The mobile is the only weapon that you have. It is able to SEE and kill ghosts, see hidden passages and solve puzzles! The Puzzles are very hard to solve, At least some but the game itself is very atmospheric. The monsters and ghosts are very scary and very well done. There are no jumpscares in the game which is only better! You have to make photo's in order to kill the enemies, You are able to save the photos and watch them back at the Gallery on the main menu.Game is Short but good story.Graphics are old.Great soundtrack and background music.Wonky Mouse?Dark atmoshpere!Scary Monsters (i am not even lying).NO JUMPSCARES!Has very hard puzzle and it could be difficult to solve it.Has collectables.Other things.Games like these (non jumpscares) should be more often in the store. Lets just be honest, you are not getting scared from the real jumpscare, it is just because of the sudden loud music. This game doesn't not have it! It builds up, the fear, the dark, music, and anything else so you will always see it coming or prepared for it.Teddy bears are harmed in this game.Has black cats.Has my little pony Poster.Let's try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eut_D4NAFU-------------------I give this game a 8/10 and i hope games like these will be more shown in the store.FOCK ALL DEVELOPERS THAT ARE MAKING JUMPSCARE GAMES."
,Recommended,269790,26603663,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gears Execution,Great game i got it on sale for 2$ only played for a couple hours but im hooked
76561198062789792,Recommended,269790,15694969,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ninjak01,"I Just started playing this Game, so Very Creepy. I Love It.."
76561198146606569,Recommended,269790,11878292,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ATSP81,"Did not start verry intressting... verry NOT eventfull begining.But then they will turn all around on you and you end upp totally wanting to go home, away from the monsters and freeky noises.Not rekomended to play at night all on your lonsome!!!"
76561198025487338,Recommended,269790,10237574,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Hank Hill,I needed new  pants 10/10
,Recommended,269790,17713103,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Infiniti,Fantastic little indie game here. Plays just like the Fatal Frame series. It's worth every penny and I would love to see more of this game/series
,Recommended,269790,16890343,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ymir Fritz,Indonesian ghost is the most horrible ghost!
76561198018633114,Recommended,269790,17668541,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Diablo92,"At first it was fun but then I got stuck so I needed help so I watched a lets play then I got stuck again at the part where the big rat chases after you, could not figure out what I was suppose to do, ran in circles for atleast an hour and thought it was pointless.I discovered when you turn around, the FPS drops and lag occurs, not sure if its my computer or not but I have a 550Ti and a devils canyon intel cpu and 8GB of ram so that should be plenty and its a brand new build also with windows 7. I got a refund, was not impressed much by this but I think I would still recommend it to other people to try."
76561198231170704,Recommended,269790,33149743,Posted: 2 July,all,スケボー少年 cs.money,"This game is way too hard, I can't even beat the lady with scissors.11/10"
,Recommended,269790,10139578,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Geir,"If you don't mind some ""jank"" this game is brilliant!"
76561197999955764,Recommended,269790,10262759,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,HunterAnubis,I havent played better horor game for ages. Atnosphere was amazing even with those graphics.Sound was nice as well altho it was annoing to hear the pig thing walk even tho I was on the other side of the school... well not walk but the key dangeling on his neck.Location was nicely desighned. Boss fight (last fight was intresting)Altho what frustrated me was the rebirth part when you got killed and you had to run toward the light... after extending the distance few times it was rather annoing thanks to the principal ghost thing.Definitly a great work I wish the game was longer and Im hoping that the demo is not like half of act 2 becose those visions at the end kidna did look like the demo segment
,Recommended,269790,16505792,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ohaimariah,I played for about 5 minutes before I saw a ghost and screamed at my computer. Would reccomend if you like to be terrified in your own home.
,Recommended,269790,14976116,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Dengekiko,"I've been playing this on and off for the last few weeks. So far, my gameplay experience has been an experience reminiscent of when I played Resident Evil on the PS1 oh so many years ago. With the atmosphere set forth from DreadOut, there is nothing quite like playing this into the late night hours with all lights off in the room! I am currently playing through Act 1, and am enjoying it for the most part. From what I gather from the game thus far, you control a school girl named Linda through different acts of the game, fending off those pesky supernatural apparitions and the likes with the aid of your ever-so-trusty Smartphone (with incredibly long battery life to boot). Yes, there is more to the story than this, as others have mentioned it is reminiscent of the Fatal Frame series of games, as well as the aforementioned Resident Evil series in various aspects.Now onto the more technical aspects of DreadOut. While the graphics are not breathtakingly gorgeous, they fit the mood appropriately. The game offers the option to control Linda either with keyboard and mouse controls or gamepad. I have used a combination of the two for the most part, and have unfortunately had some issues using my Xbox 360-compatible controller. I seem to have issues dealing with moving Linda around, where the camera view of my character will just all of a sudden continually rotate around unless I intervene. Also, Linda seems to constantly be looking to the right whenever I move her around with my gamepad. And yes, I tried different controllers to see if that was the issue, with the same results. No issues occur if I utilize the mouse/keyboard combination, but I like to use a gamepad for this type of game. Even with this minor annoyance, it does not detract me from the overall enjoyment I am having with this game.I hope to complete this game within the next few weeks. All in all, I would definitely recommend this game to fans of the horror genre. Just make sure you see your doctor first to make sure your heart is healthy enough to play this game :) Cheers!"
76561198095961927,Recommended,269790,23645329,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Visker,剧情很不错，就是画面不是很好   氛围赞！！
,Recommended,269790,13189361,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Awa,School Girl Main Character !!!Terrifying Ghost !!!more Scary and Creepy Atmosphere when Explore !!!I Waited a Free Roam DLC !!!
,Recommended,269790,22560662,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,EV.vssz,"Oh my god Oh my god OMGZZ!!!i'm a 23 years old and i have a son , my life was so hard and i faced a lot of difficult situations , so my heart should be so strongi watched  a lot of horror movies when i alone on night without light and every day i being more sure that i'm a dead man who don't feel or afraidBUT ! WTF is happened to me now ! screamed and woke my wife ,  press ALT+F4 like a kid who watch porn on home ! I'm not that strong man any more , sorry my son !This game is a challenge to every one think that he already have a dead heart , play it alone on night without light and see your Human side !6/10 Gameplay  16/10  Horror Experience !"
,Recommended,269790,12127208,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Bakoda,Mantap abis gan
76561198151845022,Recommended,269790,11901057,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,mmortenson1030,Scariest game I ever played.
76561198097990229,Recommended,269790,12008734,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Absolutely,"Loved it!! Can't wait for the second part :)Being a horror gaming fan, this game fits in well with my other collection of games.Thanks to the creators of dreadOut for making a great game."
76561198074410718,Recommended,269790,11944998,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,UTSU-P,Loved the Demo and Act 1 of this game. Can't wait to play Act 2. You have to try this game for yourself you'll love it !
76561198054062443,Recommended,269790,16867152,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jwrath,"Beat it in 3 hours. Got it for 3 bucks. The game was then worth it to me. It was fun, weird, and a little scary. I don't know if it is worth a replay though."
,Recommended,269790,16967916,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Sturmgeist,"You kill monsters with a cellphone while avoiding your demonically possessed girlfriend who has a ""sister"" fetish.10/10 Asian Simulator."
,Recommended,269790,16990114,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Far,"Pros1 - Re-live and resurrect the survival horror genre2 - Nice ""hidden"" story lore, especially of Indonesian's (and Malaysian's) infamous ghosts and the ""lady in red"" origin3 - Great OST and stay true to the origin (of the soundtrack), such as in confrontation with ""lady in red""Cons1 - Numerous glitches and several performance issues2 - Gameplay length -Too shortConclusion: a great game as considered to be an indie game, and I highly recommend it especially for Westerners in who would like to get a grasps with SEA's ghost stories and lore"
,Recommended,269790,17003848,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Tobias Parker,"This is a fun and genuinely scary horror game much like the classic ""Fatal Frame"" series.  While the game lacks the depth of those games it has a surprising amount of variety in the puzzles and enemy encounters.  While all enemies can be defeated with the camera it is a mini-puzzle figuring out exactly how to do so.  There are some real creepy scenes, some jump scares, and some very interesting game direction and set-piece moments.  While it is not a AAA title by far it is definitely worth a play-through by fans of the genre."
,Recommended,269790,17055588,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Lors,"God dammit, I hate horror games because I am easily scared (yes, I am a little bicth)... Well... I know this is good horror so it's worth trying... Time to face my number 1 fear, the dark, and my number 2 fear, what's IN the dark.After playing some of Act 0: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing has happened and I am already tripping my♥♥♥♥♥♥ I see a prego ghost woman and some creepy music to go along. I read in the ""How to Play"" that when she is hunched over that she is being careful and something is near by. I am SO not ready to play this game.Sometime after the intro It's bright, must be before the horror events. I am a smart girl, I know ♥♥♥♥♥ gonna go down. I start running back twards home. Holy hell, I might actually find an alternate ending. I keep runing and running. Holy ♥♥♥♥, what's going on with the graphics??!?!! Nahhh, its just lazy road work. Must be the same people who build my roads, lazy. WHAT IS GOING ON WITH THE ROAD. OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ THE REAL HORROR IS STARTING!!!! GRAHAHHHHASDLFJHDKJFSDGH"
76561198030206162,Recommended,269790,17056658,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,The Roach,"Despite needing to be polished up a bit (janky controls, dated graphics, boss fight mechanics that don't quite work) this is a game bringing back good creepy atmosphere in the horror genre.Jump scares which I am usually against leave you with feelings of uneasiness similar to the old Fatal Frame games. Can't wait to see what this independent developer can do in the future.TL;DR Rough around the edges but definitely fun for horror fans."
,Recommended,269790,17023629,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,╓✟KJ Çhαsεbûg✟╖,"Episode Two was released earlier this year, completing the experience and making me fall out of my chair more than once. Many of the ghosts have clever ways that they need to be defeated, and the punishment for taking a hit from them is getting your screen grabbed and having them scream in your face. Yeah fun stuff. Not just a jump scare fest, a psycological horror as well that reminds me of the Grudge movies and Fatal Frame games quite a bit. Definitely recommended, and make sure to play it late in the dark by urself and have your headphones on high."
,Recommended,269790,16668328,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,repdetect0,"This game is completely great but difficult. It doesnt really hold your hand to learn it nor tells you exatly what to do, which adds to the sense on mystery and exploration. The atmosphere and creepiness are first rate along with the playful sense of the horror. The school group is really well done and well characterized. Having come from a Western world background, in which European and Native American folklore have become fodder for cliches in modern culture,  the Indonesian ghosts are a welcome change. I could barely fathom most of them, but once they are explained, they are a very welcome change of pace.A word of warning, this game is scary. Another word of warning, the intro tutorial is really bad. The game would have been better served with the start of the school trip. If you make it through the intro involving the apartments and cemetary, then the actual game is first rate despite it's budget and graphical limitations. It's almost a throwback to the golden days of games like the first Silent Hill , Siren and, of course, Fatal Frame.Be prepared to get freaked out by things you can barely comprehend. As it should be."
76561198162921583,Recommended,269790,18363724,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ajax2888,Great Horror game
76561198044927729,Recommended,269790,18543601,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Kashi,"Pros:-The game has a decent story.-Decently creepy.-Closest game to Fatal FrameCons:-Glitches happen alot.-The game is pretty short, even if you try exploring and gathering secrets/easter eggs.-The game is rushedThe game is good in my opinion; However, because of how short and glitchy this game is, it shouldnt be sold for $14.99. Grab it on sale if you have spare coin."
76561198164030708,Recommended,269790,18783125,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Graysonlevac,Its a good game with nice graphics and it has the good style of Fatal frame merged in it.
,Recommended,269790,17066556,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,YKA,"When I played Act 1 I was DEFINATELY going to give it a thumbs down as it was really glitchy and over all not really well done. The ghosts were designed rather poorly and the game overall wasn't scary at all. I decided to continue with Act 2 even though I was sure I wouldn't enjoy it, and man was I wrong.Act 2 is a huge step up to the game and really enjoyable. There are still some small glitches here and there, but the overall experience was really nice in Act 2. So therefore I'm giving it a thumbs up"
,Recommended,269790,17133432,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lørenş,"Short, interesting story, but very shallow in game lore.The game itself seems like a mix of PS2 classic's Fatal Frame and Silent Hill. It's an old engine, so the graphics are like this game was just ported from PS2, wich I might say can give a nice old school felling.Bugs are found everywhere, be in controls (I played with the Xbox 360 joystick) or in the animations. Sometimes the character simply slides until she stop in the right spot for the cutscene to begin. I also couldn't access the ghostpedia correctly only with the controller, had to use the mouse/keyboard.But, after all these cons I can recommend this game IF you can get it from a sale, for like more than 60%. It is good for people who liked the  PS2 games I mentioned and want to have some new experience with a different story/setting. And the story at the end got me wanting for more. Maybe a Dreadout 2 will be released sometime (I hope for '2' so they change the engine, because jesus christ, it's 2015).It's nice to spend some time and have some scary moments. Nothing more.I would say 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,269790,17181636,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,JwowBMB,"Been looking for a cheap alternative to Silent Hill or Fatal Frame? WELL HAVE WE GOT A GAME FOR YOU. Weird textures, laughable animations, and not super scary, DreadOut is... a trip.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjm08EzlTXw&list=PLkKQMSOwHGvPqSGSKtdyVjtgltma8cSPO"
,Recommended,269790,17198657,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Farrison Hord,Funniest game I've ever played.
76561198061989504,Recommended,269790,17215070,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,birdiebyte,"Honestly one of the best indie horror games I've played in a long time.Pros+Great monster/ghost design (Seriously, I'm in love with it)+Well thought out and difficult puzzles+Good Voice Acting+Reminiscent of some older horror games ie. Fatal Frame, Silent Hill+Good Controls+Difficult bosses (scissor phantom is probably the toughest)+Interesting lore/legends+Fantastic soundtrackCons-Limbo runs (although fixed distance can be set in the options)-In act I a lot of the ghosts clipped through objects, one even got stuck in a wall.-Linda dies pretty easily, so fighting some ghosts gets a bit tedious.-At one point I got a glitch that didn't allow me to pull up my camera or open the menu, it got fixed once a ghost killed me.-Game crashed once on a loading screenFor some people this may be considered a con, but the true ending is a bit vague, and a bit of looking into an explanation may be required to fully understand it."
76561198011400321,Recommended,269790,17700039,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Misanthropist,"I like asian legends and creepy stories, so I am really happy I found this game :)Technically this game is not top, especially graphics in the daytime looks bad, but it´s indie, not AAA game and after 1 year of release this game has still updatesDreadout has a lot to offer, it´s great horror game with good atmosphere and although it´s quite short it has many different enemies and sometimes you have to kill them by different ways - for example ghost in the mirrors, so this game is definitely not stereotypedStory is interesting, but it can be little bit confusing and quite hard to understandIf you like asian horrors or just asian legends you should totally buy it :) and maybe you will learn about some indonesian legends too, because enemies are based on true legends (don´t know if all of them)"
76561198147910415,Recommended,269790,17707920,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Barry Allen,I love this game..really
,Recommended,269790,17710509,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Silica,"PROS:- Perfect atmosphere- Interesting characters- unique gamedesign- Project Zero like gameplay- about 9 hours to finish it- interesting ghost fights- many secrets to findCONS:- some parts are nearly unbeatable without looking in a guide- for all achievements you need to cheat or be a perfect playerRESULT:There are tons of things that are really perfect done, like the atmosphere, the playtime length and well hidden secrets. For some examples, you need to think how to beat a ghost, simply standing still and mash the photo button will take you knowhere. You really need to look close to see, how to beat the ghosts. Most time you can find out for yourself, because of red glowing and stuff. But one specific time it isn't. I want to say much, because it would be a massive spoiler. But on that specific part, you need to get hit in a specific area by a ghost to actually damage the ghost. An other part that really frustrated me, was a picture I had to do in the right angle (I took a picture of this part, but not in the right angle) to pick up a key, where I allready clicked before, but didn't had the photo for it. But the good things are clearly more weightful, like the ghost design, level design and superior atmosphere. I can recommend it to any Project Zero player or horror fan. The game is worth finishing it. :) (\s/)"
,Recommended,269790,17719906,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PopRockWarhead,"Very refreshing addition to the horror genre. It is a short game but you will want to replay it. The characters aren't much to talk about but Linda (the main character) remains silent which helps you put yourself more into her shoes. The ghosts are horrifying and will linger in your thoughts after playing. Simply put, this game is disturbing.You will be challenged and you will die.If you become easily frustrated this probably isn't the game for you.For best results, play in complete darkness with headphones."
76561198241847162,Recommended,269790,17639280,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Lord Dake Kai,"Well they say they 'Fixed' the game starting on fresh install...no...they did not.It took me several trys before it started.That being said, I like the game. Has a good ""what's in the closet"" type feel to it.Although, this feels like something from Saturn & PS1 era. (love the Saturn by the way). And that is not a bad thing.Right to it then:PROS ---1) Really spooky2) Very smooth controls, Better with controller3) Visually satisfactory4) Sound is good audioCONS ---1) Could use a lil more 'shock' value2) Changing 'controller' setup won't work, or I couldn't figure it out.3) Visually dated4) The music loop is not seamless. Kinda takes away fromthe feel. And there is no adjusting music volume. No musicadjust is a big pet peev of mine. sorry.Overall ---It is worth the sale price right now on Steam, $5 i think, and I don't think you would be dissapointed but not blown away either. I will reccomend this game to most people except the picky gamer, that's their loss. lolThanx...LDK"
,Recommended,269790,16631374,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Unlucky Izzo,pretty goodpretty spookypretty frustratingpretty good time spent for 4 hourswould recommend to goons
,Recommended,269790,16634660,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Miniature Bigfoot,"Dreadout is a great first game by Digital Happiness.  It borrows heavily from indonesian folklore, and the enemies are both interesting and spooky. The sound design and music is atmospheric and helps set the mood.  Gameplay is standard for horror games, consisting of solving simple puzzles and taking on ghosts and monsters.But there are a few downsides. The textures are of low quality, which is odd as most character models are pretty good.   The game is on the short side, I  beat it in about six hours including the time I spent wandering around trying to figure out what to do. But my biggest annoyance with the game is the story and the ending.  You would hope to figure out the mystery behind the hauntings but the ending explains so little you're left wanting to know more.  It does not help that the end suddenly brings a few things out of nowhere with no forshadowing ( That I could see at least)It would be nice to see a sequel to this so we can find out what the whole thing is about, but Dreadout is a good game and you should get it if you're a fan of horor or folklore."
76561198154102933,Recommended,269790,15923071,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Darkmugengaming,"Survival horror isn't a genre of game that i'd usually play, But this game was recommended to me by several friends that have enjoyed this game, and I can see why, aside from the usual tropes of survival games and slightly..and I mean slightly..different feel of the Fatal Frame series, this game has a beautiful environment (completely ignoring the many ghost that will give their all to drag you into Limbo or kill you) a rich look into the spiritual and mythological side of Indonesian culture and I love the entire feel of the game...even if it could be brighter at night. Completely recommended because of the atmosphere and story"
,Recommended,269790,16046739,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,student 20,"SIgh...This game seems to be doing so many things right. And I do like it. I really do. It does a great job of producing a legitimately creepy atmosphere. The characters are good, and the visuals are great. The ""monsters"" are creepy, but not so otherworldly as to make you go ""oh, ha-ha. Tentacle monster. Meh.""There are serious problems, though, and I don't mean from a technical standpoint. To go over it without giving away anything:Your one weapons, such as it is, is more difficult to use than it should be.The hit detection for the enemies is spot on. For my one defense? Not so much. I once used it three times on one enemy (admittedly a boss) to no effect. That's not cool.The reasoning for the weapon's value and for why you can do what you can do is not well established, especially early on.There's an In Media Res intro section that should juts plain not be there. It's got spoilers, and it serves no purpose. Basically, you get thrown into stuff, plot points are spoiled, and then you get taken to the actual start of the game and the story. There's no point to it, and it actually detracts from the atmosphere and suspense building the rest of the game is really good at.I recommend it, but the developers should work on the issues."
,Recommended,269790,16691057,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Joker,eh
76561198119915948,Recommended,269790,16738860,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,i15,nice game!
,Recommended,269790,16824720,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Saiton,The BEST Game Horror From INDONESIA
,Recommended,269790,16839044,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Leveneaux,Good Game !
,Recommended,269790,16624484,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vellapanti,"This game is really good and scary. Story is really nice and have some really good horror scenes, sounds and story. If you really want to enjoy this game then play this at night. You will definetly gonna enjoy this game playing at night. This game is little bit tough as there are some points which you will get stuck and don't know what to do so in that case you have to see the walkthough guides."
,Recommended,269790,16250264,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Gulgari,"Reminds me a lot of Fatal Frame. The game is, in my opinion, a little short but it is still pretty good."
76561198105536681,Recommended,269790,16343805,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,avrish,Such a great game.
76561198079220387,Recommended,269790,16408143,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,rallochness,"It was very good.  I've only played it for about an hour when writing this review, but it was very likeable (& scary at the same time).  The good part was at least the instructions in playing the game is available at all time.  The part I haven't liked much was that the game couldn't be played in Windows mode (unless there was some kind of setting that permits that, I wouldn't know).9/10"
76561198005706952,Recommended,269790,16439260,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,adilaga.noval,This game always shocked me.. n think for quality graphic very poor
76561198173394002,Recommended,269790,16443909,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SatriaPatridina,Best Indie Game (y)
,Recommended,269790,21614039,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,RaiderXMinaj,Such a good game and I cannot wait for the DLC to come out :)
,Recommended,269790,21795005,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MrZザ,Selfie Simulator9/10Jump Scare (y)
76561198131278816,Recommended,269790,21815958,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dark Assassin,just saw a palasik.... 10/10 would not do it again xd
,Recommended,269790,21828506,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LOUI5,"Impressive!At first, I didn't enjoy the game too much but I gave  it a few more minutes of gameplay and shortly after I got hooked.The game, ofcourse, doesn't have the latest graphics, nor the best animations or voice acting but it is definately a very good survival-horror game. The mechanics, puzzles and story are very good and quite innovative."
,Recommended,269790,21362243,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,CoCo,10/10 wud♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again
,Recommended,269790,24822122,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Scibot,"Creepy survival horror game that will have you trying to figure out exactly what was going on the whole time, especially at the end. The atmosphere of the game is perfect, spooked me a bit while playing it the past few nightsWorth picking up when it's on sale for sure"
76561198012310051,Recommended,269790,17191617,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ranarif,"Ok this game is not a first-person horror game like the other 1000 on Steam...Incredibly there is not even Slender Man!There is a story, not only going around collecting pages and surviving predictable jump scares!And even there is a combat system (well not so deep...) so you will not only going around hiding everywhere like any post-Amnesia games.Fans of the old survival horror what are you waiting to buy this game! Ok is full of bugs, techically is not the best, the combat is too simple and the story is super criptic...but is the most close call to the old survival horror on Steam right now.The story is short but never frustating, with complicated enigmas and different situations. A special mention to the enemies, very different, creepy and inspired by Indonesian folklore...included some interesting boss battle!These are the games to be supported in this moment if you are a real survival horror fan.(sorry for english)"
76561198219932543,Recommended,269790,19998216,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Alice,"Excellent game, really good, keeping it in the context, its not got the budget of a triple A game."
76561198121517376,Recommended,269790,19999803,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,IGXD,"POCONG ... JENGLOT ... TUYUL ... GUNDERUWO ... Etc ,, i've seen them in real life ."
,Recommended,269790,20006993,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bunyisendiri,Score : 7/10
,Recommended,269790,20122212,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,inDe_eD,"This game is quite interesting. It reminds me of Silent Hill. Obviously nowhere near as good, but for as long as I've played, I do enjoy it. I haven't run into any bugs, but sometimes the story / game is just kind-of ""slow"". At one point, it took me around 10 minutes just to figure out what to do. But for the price, this game is a very interesting take for a horror game."
,Recommended,269790,20265190,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,great short horror game for any third person horror fan.
76561198046562143,Recommended,269790,20283880,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ryu-Kazuki,"An interesting twist on mythologies to draw lore from. The game may not seem complete or straightforward, but this is horror! The game is about experience over accomplishment; and let me tell you, I have not wanted to sleep since playing."
76561198257265575,Recommended,269790,20310692,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ihsanahsani,this is game of the year amazing
76561198100144425,Recommended,269790,20331164,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bob son of BOB!!!,Really cool game with great monster designs and a hot teacher
76561198256446069,Recommended,269790,20341195,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Verth,"Great horror game for those who like such a genre. Though Fatal Frame was a bit more scarier, but the chill this game give is quite strong."
,Recommended,269790,20473237,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Michaelthurston,Very fun!
,Recommended,269790,14602343,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sarochi,"I loved it, but it's definitely a ""despite its flaws"" kinda deal.NegativeThe difficulty of some of the puzzles is such that you occasionally have to remember environmental details (or take pictures and save them to your gallery) long before they become relevant, and thus likely having missed them. Other puzzles are simply so obscure it required me to consult a walkthrough quite often. These puzzles clearly make sense from the developer's point of view but a bit more playtester input could have been useful (or I'm just bad at these sorts of games). There's also still a fair share of bugs and translation errors that need to be fixed (and a character is named Doni in Act I but somehow becomes Donny in Act II). These things could be frustrating or throw you out of the experience so keep that in mind.PositiveI really loved main protagonist Linda Meilinda and despite them not being all that developed, I also came to care for her friends, making me emotionally invested in the outcome of the story. The somewhat weaker gameplay is compensated by how well-crafted all the scenes, presentation, atmosphere and character models are (relative to the game's budget and status as an indie game, of course). The game's story is rather confusing but this being a horror game, that ultimately helped in keeping the game in my mind trying to figure it all out. Act II even gives you a bit of player choice regarding the outcome of the story."
76561198171520186,Recommended,269790,14818306,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Raku Nana,"A well done Fatal frame clone (and yes It has jump scares, thank god! I forgot what those feel like). The fact that this game actually runs on my computer and RE:Rev 2 doesn't borders on absurd. Considering the Triple A production of Capcom and the more humble budget of Digital Happiness, I have to give my hat off to them right off the gate for having competent programers. However there are  some performances issues in act 1 which takes place in a small school I was playing the game at 15 fps which is odd considering Act 2 has open feilds and it ran at 60. The same thing happens with the cutscences, they run at 4 fps I don't understand why. The graphics are ugly I'm sorry but they are, However this game more than makes up for it with it's great atmosphere and it's rather eerie story telling. The puzzles are cryptic so I recommend having a guide  as their is very little conveince to the player excatly what they are suppose to be doing. It's a rough first game for DH But I'd be lying if I said I didn't want more of the series. If they can iron out the cinks, Dreadout would very easily stand on par with some of the horror games of the pass the fore mentioned Resident evil. I Iook forward to Dreadouts sequel. Digital happiness has been placed on my radar."
76561198185548017,Recommended,269790,14920176,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,dayslife143,this game has some deff spok factor! graphics a little ify but over all fantastic!!
76561198054317560,Recommended,269790,12205980,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Moms Spaghetti,It's a very good game. deservs alot more credit. it got me terrified and thats not easy to do at all atleast 7/10 would play again
76561197980518525,Recommended,269790,11204139,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Bloodkip,"Probabley the closets a games come to classic survival horror since well, I guess the last fatal frame. Short, so far, a bit clunky combat wise but besides that a great experience. Great atmosphere, some good scares, the camera is a well utialised mechanic. Just wish the game would punish you more for dying."
,Recommended,269790,11868392,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Cass_Girl,"I enjoyed this game and enjoyed achievement hunting in it. While it is an identical concept to the ""Fatal Frame"" series the mechanics run much smoother on the pc than Fatal Frame runs on the PlayStation. The 'scares' in this game as well as the gameplay in general is very reminiscent of older styles. If you like the newer and flashy horror games this probably isn't for you.The game was a bit short, hopefully the second part will be longer or at very least the free roam mode will make up for it?There were honestly a few parts that had me cussing at my computer in frustration but all around I enjoyed the game and plan to play it again."
76561198071091608,Recommended,269790,11631404,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Litor,100% recommended. Back to the good old survival horror :)
76561198149209114,Recommended,269790,11631740,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,betefuli,THIS GAME IS JUST A♥♥♥♥♥♥DEATH PENALTY IS VERY IRRITATING.YOU HAD TO WALK  A VERY VERY LONG WAY EVERY TIME YOU DIED.I WASTE 3HOURS WALKING A WAY.
,Recommended,269790,11665969,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,DSW 1 9 9 2,this game is medeni tenan! play it in the very bright room and dont play it alone! make sure someone is next beside you
76561198000744237,Recommended,269790,11546713,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,gatzalovedafrogs,Really great classic survival horror :D. It also gets very challanging at the end. I definitely reccomend and think its the start of a really great game!
76561198098253566,Recommended,269790,22209960,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,__o3o__,"I played DreadOut a long time ago, and have been meaing to make a review on it.Pros:+ Great story+ Terrifying monsters+ Cool game mechanics+ Amazing score/music+ Very creative and unique+ Mild humor+ Terrifying jumpscares that are sure to make you jump out of your seat+ Well thought out+ Amazing atmosphere+ Suspenful moments+ Very many times when I got scared+ Cheap price+ Good voice acting+ Good balance of scares, story development, and puzzles+ Well designed characters, and monsters+ Easy to comprehend+ Awesome boss battles+ Refreshing horror game+ Well thought out scenes+ Terrifying cutscenes+ Lots of content+ Two really cool, and creepy endings (I won't go into detail about them, but they're great.)+ Not much gore+ Amazing camera anglesCons:-Story is slightly hard to follow-Pretty dated graphicsAll in all, I would definitely reccomend this game to people craving a game with amazing atmosphere, suspense boss fights, and a game that will scare the crap out of you."
,Recommended,269790,22064831,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Shamdec,"I truly loved this game. It has a lot of well done themes and elements in the game. I just wish that there was more to the story. It seemed a bit rushed to me and that they could have added more to it, especially the ending. I would still recommend this game to anyone who likes the thought of supernatural things and enjoys having the slight feeling of being defenseless other than a cellphone for light. It kinda reminded me a little of obsecure with the aspect of using a camera but the modern way with a phone."
,Recommended,269790,22154903,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,wgcutless,"Enjoying this alot it reminds me of those games that came out a few years ago called Fatal Frame I like this better though. 7/10 scary and though some of the opening scenes were a tad corny and they went for the ""Obvious"" scares a few time I still really find myself enjoying it alot. Would highly recommend if ur looking for a scory mystery game with a supernatural element. Its worth a good 15 bucks at least and I'm saying this with confidence Only playing it about an hour or so I look forword to my next session with it."
,Recommended,269790,22096294,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,7omcruz,BUY IT.THE COMIC IS GOOD TO
76561198049261843,Recommended,269790,10218371,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,kaede,"I loved the first act of this game. Being a fatal frame fan it was right up my alley. The ghosts are great, the sound design was perftect. The second act is rather disappointing and slapped together, the ending will leave you wondering what happened. I'm wondering if the project was too overwhelming or if they ran out of money. I can't say that I wouldn't recommend the game, just be prepared to feel like there could have been more to it."
,Recommended,269790,12906551,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ARODNAP,"This game is a mixture of several horror titles, basically it is one of the best survival horror is in steam, with a good story and supernatural atmosphere, this game is just great"
76561198085002535,Recommended,269790,15706147,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,straw-chan,Pretty good horror game and has fun stuff to do in it and a few things to unlock. It sometimes is hard to tell what to do but its a game everyone should give a try and stick to it till the end!
,Recommended,269790,15741189,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Silver-Sama,scary T^T
76561198062260263,Recommended,269790,15720517,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,۩Water۩,yum
,Recommended,269790,16801465,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,๖Cнerry,IF I CAN NOT DIE 100X BY THE SCISSOR MAN AND SPAWN 1000 FEET AWAY FROM THE LIGHT AT LIMBO THAT WOULD BE ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!KTHANKS BYE
,Recommended,269790,17784546,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,always happy,"I got stuck in a corner with two enemies scaring me to death. When I respawned, I was in the same corner and was still unable to escape.Thanks!"
,Recommended,269790,19667506,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,C R O T,mantap dan gede
76561198021763379,Recommended,269790,20076027,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,"Mucha espectatva por mi parte. El parecido con project zero o fatal frame es tremendo. Por esa razon lo compre!Bien en principio agradezco este tipo de juegos ya que a pesar de los defectos la termino pasando bien. Recuerdo ese project zero para ps2 que era medio tosco de mover pero que la historia estaba genial, querias saber que pasaba y estaba ese terror japones que nos gusta.Aca tenes estas cosas pero creo que el punto flojo es la historia....Es que simplemente no me engancha, no esta ese ""quiero saber que pasa"", nose si esta mal contada o que, porque todo lo demas es aceptable.Lo voy a termina porque me gusta este tipo de juegos pero la historia es muy simple por ahora muy monotona, y les faltan reacciones a los personajes.De todas formas es positivo y mi recomendacion compralo en descuento"
76561197984775828,Recommended,269790,31991421,Posted: 27 May,all,Can'tjukethis,"This game has a lot of content that can be easily missed. Sometimes it is beneficial to retrace your steps. It also leaves you frustrated with hidden doors and hard to find items. The Indonesian myths give it an interesting alternative to most horror games. On the other hand, I don't like the camera in the game which will spin you in the wrong direction. I also think this game needs more interactive characters with more personality. When some of the characters die or become possessed, I have a hard time caring. I'd still recommend getting the game on a steam sale.  It is okay, but not amazing."
76561198100601512,Recommended,269790,32218282,Posted: 6 June,all,kingshauntm,Its a unique horror game meaning that it offers a different feeling of horror and also has a goosebump inducing story which leaves you wanting more .However could use a polish to the graphics
,Recommended,269790,33212110,Posted: 3 July,all,Johnny Two Tips,Probably the only horror game I can't get through. Maybe one day I'll play it again.
,Recommended,269790,34777699,Posted: 6 September,all,Sir Fabulous,For anyone who likes the Fatal Frame series this is a perfect match for you!
76561197988573245,Recommended,269790,16490681,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,c_hop_2005,This game takes me back to the Fatal Frame seris and I love it very creepy.
76561198234561476,Recommended,269790,16640139,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NEXT PURPLE D12,if you really like horror games you gotta try this game  and especial the soundtrack
,Recommended,269790,24364832,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Lucifrost,"one of the scariest games i've ever played, and that's coming from someone who is very rarely scared in games. this game had me scream out loud while playing it, and it was the first game to ever make me do so.the game is basically a better fatal frame but with far lower production value and presentation. it's never really an issue in my opinion though, most of it is very excusablewhat isn't excusable is how much the game's scare factor drops off in the second act. the first act is incredible and extremely tense. the second is just really boring and mostly hit and miss.i still recommend this game and its standalone dlc, keepers of the dark. but if you're only going to buy one, buy keepers of the dark"
76561198075038254,Recommended,269790,11400219,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,whocares2232,♥♥♥♥ing creepy
76561198035478087,Recommended,269790,10654049,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡JayPee™,"The game was pretty good, give it a go before you judge it. Can't wait for chapter 2."
76561198141595663,Recommended,269790,11051491,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,WannaThePoo,"Nice horror game, it's pretty enjoyable.. can't wait for Act 2.."
76561198040949013,Recommended,269790,12201003,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,♈ Xephirus ♈™,"DreadOut is a horror game set in Japan and featuring a girl student . Graphics and sound are acceptable, but lacks a guidance system for the puzzles. In fact, many objects or clues are not intuitive and often the player is forced to go through the same places several times without finding them. From the point of view of horror is not bad and the ghosts make their figure . Too bad for longevity, but the developers have said that they will release a free second chapter , hoping it will be even longer.My rating is 6.5 / 10"
,Recommended,269790,11375701,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,valdstyN,"I was looking for a Fatal Frame-like, and this perfectly suits me! Really creepy atmosphere with scary ghosts wandering through hallways...sweeet!"
,Recommended,269790,11984013,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"Love horror games , always have and always will so if you do also then go buy this it is such a decent game and a good vibe like all the great horror games such as Fatal frame , silent hill , the suffering and the original Resident evil game . So if you like horror games check it out and if you like 3rd person act/adv horror then you must check it out .http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=305413424"
76561198073183431,Not Recommended,269790,16529830,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BermondseyBob,"I'd dearly wish I could give this game a thumbs up and a good review, but I just can't. There's so much here that I'd love to like, but it's all spoilt by bad mechanics and the odd glitch here and there.First off, I'd like to say that I really like the atmosphere here. It's really quite spooky and well done. I like how there's ghosts that are secondary in that they are just there and will do you no harm etc. I also liked the characters in this game as well. I thought they were acted very well and all gell well together I thought.Looks are hit and miss, with some stuff looking pretty good, but others looking like sub PS2 quality with very low texture detail, so it's all a bit patchy looking. But there's nthing game breaking here and you'll quickly get used to it all.But it's the gameplay mechanics that really let this game down. I found it really hard to work out what I needed to do. I'm fine with games that don't hold your hand, but this game has some very obscure mechaincs in place, like finding a photo, then matching that photos position to find a key that opens a hidden area etc. Sounds simple enough, but I had to look a guide up a couple of times, just to see what I actually should be doing, otherwise, I'd just have been walking around in a big loop.There's also an issue with the actual photo fighting thing. There's a ghost where you need to ""shoot"" it's red patch on it's back. Despite haveing a camera FULL of shots of the ghosts weak spot, it took me ages to finally get one to ""take"" and kill the ghost.Another thing is the Limbo bit when you die. It can take ages to get back into the game from here (and I know you can fix this in the menu), but often, the game will respawn you directly into the ghost that killed you in the first place! A good example of this is the scissor ghost. I've lost count of the number of times I died almost instantly because I got respawned directly onto his attack. This is where I stopped playing.Such a shame as I dearly want to love this game, but I just can't. My advise? Pick it up in a flash sale (like I did) or download the demo first."
,Recommended,269790,24935051,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,MCSNGR.NT_4.0,never end battery life...buy IRISPHONE now and get a chance to see real ghostssupport for Indonesian Developer by Mcsnagger
,Recommended,269790,11713091,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,pogchamp,BRUTAL HEARTSHOCKER
,Recommended,269790,32881690,Posted: 27 June,all,"Afra ""Ave"" Aquita","Game Bagus,Horrornya Terasa Banget Apa Lagi Saat Sendirian :DSupport Terus Buat Game Indonesia :3"
,Recommended,269790,15927516,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Scylla,got thrown with a motorcycle by a invisible ghost11/10 will get thrown again
,Recommended,269790,25066992,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Adaru32,"I recommend this game if you're into games like Fatal Frame, which is exactly what this game is like, only with mythological creatures and spirits of Malaysia and Indonesia. I really enjoyed this game, despite some of the slow paced events and a few glitches here and there.What I liked about the game are the enemy concepts, and how creepy everything is. It's always interesting to see mythology from different countries, and how things can change when the camera's armed. I also really liked on the strategy inputs on how to defeat and see specific enemies. Pretty interesting idea(s).Now, I have read quite a bit of negative reviews on here, and what boggles me is the whole thing about ""graphics"". Games shouldn't be just about graphics, they're called 'video games' for a reason, not an animation or simulator. In my opinion, I find the graphics to be fantastic for an indie game. Believe me, I've seen indie games out there with way~ worse graphics than this. I would compare these graphics to be equivalent to an HD remake of a PS2 game on the PS3 and Xbox360. Of course, I'm not just talking about the graphics, I enjoyed the game itself through my own experience.What I didn't like about this game were how at times the cutscenes would drag on to the point where it confuses you on if you're able to control Linda again, or not.I also encountered a few glitches. One had to do with the camera mechanics, another had to do with lag, and the last had to do with disappearing walls at one point.For the camera mechanics, I would be clicking the button on taking it out and putting it away. At times, she wouldn't. And I wouldn't even click anything and she would put the camera away after taking it out.For lagging, it would lag whenever a lot of action occurred and when I ascend staircases, or turn a corner of a hallway. Even when I would have the camera out and there's a lot of action occurring, I would move slightly over to where the enemy is and Linda would be aiming either all the way behind, on the ground, or up in outer space.And for disappearing walls, it happened when I was in the Grand Hall. I just finished with the mirror puzzle and as I exited, the walls disappeared, confusing me on where I am. After making a full circle of the upper level, the walls reappeared.The other negative thing I should point out is the voice acting. It does need work."
76561198059024928,Recommended,269790,13219527,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,E-bunny,"first let me start with the positiv stuffif youre a fan of fatal frame or any survival horror games, you will get a kick out if this game!!the atmosphere is spot on!! i was terrified the intire experiance! the storry semend decent. and enjoyable. theres also times were you can stop the storry and walk away to look for stuff. witch gives the game some re-playability.the characters are semi likable, and the protagonist is mute as far as i know. the monsters are terafying especialy the ones that you can only see with youre phone. forcing you to face the ghost/ monsters head on, face to face,however there is a fewe pointy rocks in this mud. the the game works like the walking dead and its episode base. wich im okay with!! that gives it a movie thing going on. however the first episode is WAAAAY too short about an houre of gameplay two houres if you go treasure/ghost hunting and its taking FOR EVER!!! for them to realeas episode 2 comon I think its been half a year by now?!?! and theres not even a teaser for episode two im starting to lose my patence!!witch brings me to another thing....the ""combat"" i can tell this game wa for the game pad.. you cant even hide it..the controlls feel stiff youre ether too fast or too slow wen it comes to facing the ghost, and knowing were the ghost is is a pain due to it going through walls and telliporting randomly, now i know i know!! fatal frame did this! were the ghost will randomly teleport somewere! yes but you had room to look around instead of a narow coradore!...the enimies..why?why? why make the verry first two enimes of the game hard to kill? why make the verry first enimy you meet indestructable? and why make the second ghost you meat A ♥♥♥♥♥ TO KILL? taking a photo of the ladys back was like pulling frickin teeth!! after the first three jumpskares i craped myself but after the tenth time of trying to get her back i kinda got more irritated than skared!! oh and the side ghosts? that you look for outside the school are simple to kill!! why?!!and this leads me to the boss...the scissor lady thing ..i know i know ""its a boss its sopose to test the player what youve learned up to that point and put it to the teast"" yeah but it seems unfair! and excrusiatingly hard! once the scisor lady starts cuting you! she never stops!!once she gets you you might as well sit back and wait for death cus she/he wount stop and she/he WILL kill you instaintly and the room is so small with limeted amount of time to find him/her. why not add some kind of struggle mode like wn the enimy grabs you you can push it away like fatal frame did!! you know the game that this game is based off of!!..sighover all this is a realy good game its fun CHALLANGING, atmospheric and hella creepy!! with a fewe...quirks.. its a good game and i recomend it to any horror fan 7/10"
,Recommended,269790,14481754,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Azheru,"Menegangkan, bikin kaget pas main, horror nya dapatcuma kok gk ada healt poin nya aja jadi gk tau kapan Linda nya dah mau sekarat, jadi tau2 dah pingsan aja kena serang setan trus.."
,Recommended,269790,14535164,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Serenadefuneral,"Ok, let's see ..This is one of those indie games that can really like, let's start first.Gameplay:One thing to note is that NOT using weapons (only in combat, very short), the game is pointing a camera and portray ghosts, and that's what it hurts them, for some it is boring but if you remember well, you're a young woman, with no ability to fight.Graphics:The graphics are very good, and are perfectly at 60 fps, just that sometimes some bugs may come and make this game fun terror, I think it's just a matter of you leave any patch to fix this.Controls:In this game you do not need a complex control, and works perfectly with control xbox 360, you only need to move, aim camera, flash, and interact, which works very well here.History:This game came in two parts, until a few days ago just came out a patch with part two, complementing the game well, this is not a long game, which can be completed very quickly, it has some puzzles which you go to suggest more than once, You're a young woman with her group of school, taking a trip, but something goes wrong and decide to explore a nearby town, the rest is very well developed. just that the game has some things that are not explained well, but everything else is perfectly realized.Achivements:To me this is what strikes me about this game, although in paragraph achievement count with a short description, this is not enough to know exactly what to do to get it, some have a great difficulty to guess how to get it out.This is a game to have a nice time, and above all understand its plot to perfection, that can happen to finish the game and did not understand anything of what happens, this is an indie game that really pleases people."
,Recommended,269790,14544178,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DINNYFORST,"“Digital happiness has done right job what horror game should really be in recent years.”I’m pretty sure Dreadout is compared to Project Zero/Fatal Frame, but Dreadout shines in its own style. The story begins with a group of student trying to investigate an abandoned village. What I really like about Dreadout is how the atmosphere changes from daydream to nightmare.Dreadout presents thick and haunting atmospheres. It feels dark, mysterious, and creepy everytime you take step into each area with great ambient soundtracks. The whole story encourages player to think and find reference from dialogues and notes. There is not much connection between Linda and side characters which make storyline feels pretty decent.The solid part of Dreadout is gameplay as Linda can use her sense ability to discover item, puzzle, and incoming ghost. The way of game design and how you adapt your camera function to apply in each puzzle and ghost fight are genius and well executed. Most ghosts are both scary and fun to fight due to well-written script and how they behave to player in each encounter.The graphics and animation are decent and some textures are too blurry for presentation. Moreover, the game has some gameplay glitch and poor optimization for some users like dropped framerate in school area. But I’m sure it can be easily fixed in future patch.Dreadout surprises me in a lot of horror and gameplay aspects. It has variety and strong setup even the content is quite short. And the end holds me more questions, but for me it gives such a memorable experience which I hardly taste from other horror games in past few years."
76561198098229578,Recommended,269790,14568954,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,BadlyDrawnFox,"Really enjoyed this! It's very similar to the Project Zero / Fatal Frame games, but as much as I would love to play those games through again at some point, this game really shone and in some ways surpassed the franchise.My only complaint is that the game is pretty short, but I've read that there will be a DLC released at some point which will be free for owners of the game.If you intend to buy this game PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE play the demo before hand. The demo is a stand alone feature and is more of a free 1st chapter than a teaser.Edit: Whilst I still believe all of the above, updates have made this game unplayable for me. An update erased my previous saved game and I have since had one game breaking glitch that ruined an auto save for me and one completely corrupted save game once I'd completed the first chapter. I cannot stress how frustrating it is to have a game this good, but so broken!"
,Recommended,269790,14611374,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Solusi,"""DreadOut is a indie horror game that you must try""Pro+ This game is TERRIFYING which make it perfectDreadOut pass every horror game requirement, the game must SCARY enough to make its player terrified. The environment, vibe even the ghosts are perfectCon- Unfinish storyYep, the dev should broaden the storyline from this game. There are stillmany story left unanswered after you finish the game like why everyone abandoning the town or the history of the three sistersMy VerdictIf you are horror game fans then you should buy the game and try it for yourself for true DreadOut experience"
,Recommended,269790,14395317,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,「Tedy_GamArt」,"~amazing atmosphere,~good game~good story~good visual~hope act 2 will coming soonmore story > more ghost to be explorelike that :)nice horror"
,Recommended,269790,18889427,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,epique wenqa,Unneccessary Jump ScaresThis game would have been perfect if it weren't for that. Cause you already have a nice set up here and good story line. But you gotta f**k it up by putting cheap scare tactics that takes away from the experience of this game. Take note on games like SIlent Hill. It's scary without the cheap thrills. Thanks...
76561198045502107,Recommended,269790,19741951,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,XxPatrickPoPpXx,"A very well done breathe of fresh air for the horror genre. I can't recommend DreadOut enough. If you like Silent HIll, or Fatal Frame, you should give this a try. As a matter of fact that's how I would describe it. Silent HIll meets Fatl Frame in a very well done horror adventure. It's not graphicly pleasing (even on ultra settings) but I play horror to be scared, not for graphics so it didn't bother me. I await the next game from team DreadOut with baited breathe. You guys knocked it out of the park with this one!"
76561198043223376,Recommended,269790,21298806,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Марй Молотов *Habibi*,"Being raised off of horror movies from a young age has made me extremely hard to spook; this game however, scared the hell out of me.There were many times within the game during a ghost fight, where my heart was pounding so quickly I could not press the right keys or did not think I would win.The controls are naturally a bit glitchy in the game, so this can be very frustrating to work with. It makes boss fights like 10 times harder. However, definitely a challenging game that is actually scary. And very interesting too---seeing as how most of the ghosts are of (i believe) Phillipine or Indonesian origin---so has alot of cultural folk ghost stories incorporated in the game.Definitely a game that I will want to re-visit and play again."
,Recommended,269790,25014931,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,vodolaz095,"Not bad, but simply stopped working on Linux after kernel update to 4.6.6, so i've refunded."
,Recommended,269790,15749270,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Jack Blank,"really creepy game form my country, make me can't sleep"
,Recommended,269790,16709398,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,OvenRoll,Indonesian Fatal Frame for pc. A bit buggy but if you love fatal frame it's a must have.
,Recommended,269790,17914272,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Cig Bock,11/10 would hate the scissor ghosti...really...hate...the scissor...ghost!
,Recommended,269790,18315665,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ドドド,I'm too spooked to even play9/10 it's
76561198110187588,Recommended,269790,18094978,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ladybug.XG,good game
,Recommended,269790,32846276,Posted: 27 June,all,Isaac97Dead,damn this game's freaky x/
,Recommended,269790,32883505,Posted: 27 June,all,Projekt34: Your God,"Wanna♥♥♥♥♥♥on your pants?Like, literally♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants?Then play this game.I cant play this shiit even during day time!!!I highy reccomend this game!!!"
,Recommended,269790,14470306,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,✈ Alex,"Linda realized she was walking right into something familiar when they saw the impassable bridge in the middle of nowhere, ominous statue that sat next to it, married couple self parodying horror cliches, and last but not the least them deciding it was a good idea to wander from the Subaru and into the thick foggy forest with reckless abandon. Don't they want to live?""Hey Lin! Take my picture!""lrn2#selfieSo will Linda soldier on like a good little protagonist, or will she turn around and walk back the boring old way they came?"
,Recommended,269790,19598371,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Semoga Hoki,the best horror game indonesia!
76561198052325510,Not Recommended,269790,21473802,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ragjan,"""DreadOut"" is a third person horror-game and was published in May 2014.I came to the conclusion that I can't recommend DreadOut - even though  the game features a very original story which is based on indonesian folklore and pretty unique mechanics, such as the use of a camera in first person to fend off the ghosts that haunt you during the game. The games story and implementation of ghosts is very well done, the ghosts design is disturbing (as it should be) the story is catchy enough to keep on playing and the concept of photographing ghosts to kill them (plus needing different tactics to kill some of the ghosts) is pretty interesting to me! Even the graphics are ""okay"", although certainly not on the level of 2014.  Yet the downsides overshadow those positive aspects of the game - if you'd ask me... There are 3 things in particular that annoyed me during the time I played DreadOut: First - The game didn't really scare, but instead startle me with an overabundance of jumpscares... I didn't get a feeling of constant dread while I played, and after a while those jumpscares just annoyed me instead of scaring me... The second thing that bothered me where the boss-fights... those really had the potential to be challenging, yet fair and rewarding as well, but to me they became constant struggles to ""not get stuck or stunlocked"" under a boss... The last thing which really felt unnecessary and not well-implemented was the ""gameover and respawning-process""... To inform you: If you die, which frequently happens, you'll respawn in a black field with a bright light in front of you to which you must walk. Upon every death the distance to said light becomes further and if you die a couple of times (like I did at some harder fights) this process becomes quite frustrating... The distance can be shortend by finding special objects and relics which are scattered throughout the game or by progressing in the story, but if you keep dying to a boss this becomes impossible and thus VERY frustrating...tl; dnr? Games background and story are good, most of the gameplay sadly isn't! Buy it on sale if you REALLY want to play it, but don't approach it with high expectations..."
,Not Recommended,269790,20073984,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Taquito2790,"I really wanted to like this game. It was atmospheric, scary, and had an interesting enough premise. It was very Fatal Frame like, but the controls were so broken that I could not get to game to run properly. Trying to use a controller broke the game completely. So, I switched to keyboard and mouse. It seemed to work at first, but the floating camera then began jumping angles and through walls. During boss fights, in which you have to use the phone camera to attack, the buttons to activate the camera would be unresponsive and not work.I really wanted to like this game. If you love horror, and feel like you can get it to work then I recommend it. However, I never rage quit a game and this one destroyed me."
,Recommended,269790,11233995,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Tatsukichin,"This game is very good ! it gave me FatalFrame FEELS all the time. It may have some issues with the camera sometimes and the graphics.Buut, who cares about that! the game is a lot of fun with a nice story, scary indonesian ghost and a nice soundtrack.I Highly recommend it !You gotta play it ^0^"
76561198037650671,Recommended,269790,16992334,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Metrodomus,"I would recommend purchasing this game at full price. Not only will you be getting one of the best horror games of the past 5 years (my opinion) but youll be helping fund a true horror game. And by true I mean its not filled with cheap jump scares like most all so called ""horror"" games of today. Its certainly not one of the best looking games around graphic wise, but once youre fully immersed in this gem of a game, it really wont matter. Its clear that a heck of a lot of passion and love went and is going into the development of this game.   Best played late at night with the lights switched off.  A dreamlike (or rather hellish nightmare) experience not to be missed.9.5/10"
,Recommended,269790,30782221,Posted: 27 March,all,Christian Thot Hunting Priest,"the game seems great with the story and concept but the game is filled with bug like randomly turning a bunch, phone doesnt load in and just stuff like that but if you take that away its a really neat game"
,Not Recommended,269790,22242371,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Pulled-Over{DuI},"Boring chore of a game.  Textures were constantly flickering, i ran into a couple bugs where i had to restart the game to continue.  The story was bland and i dont care enough to look up the meaning of it.   The puzzles were stupid and were made even worse since they were so wierdly cryptic and you're given no clues and some of them were so sensitive that i did what i needed to do muliple times but the game wouldnt recognize it.  I had to keep a walkthrough open just so i wouldnt spend an hour on something.2/10  Had high hopes going but sorely disappointed."
,Recommended,269790,33228817,Posted: 4 July,all,Kyzvrost,Horrornya khas indonesiabikin merinding mainnya
,Recommended,269790,13454283,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,~Aki~,Very scary indonesian game XD
,Recommended,269790,11070252,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bigby Wolf,nice game XD cant wait for the update
,Recommended,269790,13429333,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,irazo,Abandoned Village and Creepy Schoolwaiting for Act 2 and free roam mode
,Not Recommended,269790,31093171,Posted: 12 April,all,Tyidaku,"To be honest, I really enjoyed the game, however, the game kept crashing a lot. I tried just about everything from lowering my graphics, to restarting my system. I googled and it seems as if a handful of Mac users are having the same issue. Therefore, I do not recommend anyone who owns a Macbook to buy/play this game. You've been warned.Nonetheless, for non Mac users, so far so good."
76561198091948357,Recommended,269790,12932781,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Crimson_Wolf_13,One of the best Horror games I have played in a verry long time. I cannot wait untill Act 2 is released.
,Recommended,269790,18336044,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,lizl sampson,Despite being a little rough around the edges DreadOut is a solid horror adventure game. Only real complaint I have is the somewhat lacking length.
,Not Recommended,269790,25977195,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Bearji™,"A lot of wandering down dark school hallways, opening each door hoping to find anything of use. Sometimes you find a locked door so you try to remember its location (every hallway is practically identical) in case one of the random rooms you open has a key in it that might go to that, or one of the other locked doors."
,Recommended,269790,10154553,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,that's what she said,"Reviewed version of the game is 2.0. I'll update this probably if the game will be fixed (it won't be. Ever. Forget about it - it's overly incompetent game). Enjoy.Bought it with my last money, one more day without food gotta be worth it. It doesn't run. THE HORROR.Okay, got it working on my other PC hooked up to TV. Buried myself in the couch, turned on gamepad, ran Big Picture. Started the game. Stutters like hell. THE HORROR.Okay, quited Big Picture, ran again. Works without stuttering. Looks like PS2 game. Doesn't even have shadows (store page screenshots have them, so gotta be the horror). At least it runs! Yeah! Hop on the couch. Pick up my controller. Turn off the light. Get ready to shiт the couch. Controller support feels like rаpe. THE HORROR. Then the game crashed and took steam with it. Shaт the couch. 10/10 Best horror game ever.p.s.: Now the game supports only x32 Windows (the horror) and Mac/Linux. Plus a dosen of horrific(ly generic) constumes no one cares about. Still no proper controller support. Still the game ditches shadows if ANY setting is changed. Avoid it if you are not playing at work PC at your office."
76561198018584776,Recommended,269790,18650020,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Takenshadow,"The atmosphere of the game is great, and you are fast introduced to how the game evolves with ghosts and the site stories which can be read about the town is great IMO."
76561198067834707,Recommended,269790,21320773,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,King,"One of the scariest game ever,The gameplay is unique as it makes the players feel helpless, as the protoganist has only a camera as a weapon unlike other horror games where they could have used guns such as the Resident evil series. I would recommend this game to all who like horror games as this game is one of the best i had played"
,Recommended,269790,24214984,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JHood,Worth it if its on sale.
,Recommended,269790,15665017,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AL Fajr-i,from Indonesian to the world
,Recommended,269790,22098869,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lewd,#selfie
,Recommended,269790,22043427,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,WaWa Mania,"Guys, i got bug.  Trapped in the corner. Could you guys fix the problem? Stuck when battling with the medusa. I guess the one of her head child makes me trapped."
,Recommended,269790,22253203,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,shenjai47,Recomend
76561198239693306,Recommended,269790,20904328,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,hissybusa360,Smart and thoughtful game. Definitely a survival horror masterpiece.
,Recommended,269790,20920699,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ino Pratama,"Try this horror game, it so awesome & so creepy. it will never make you dissapoint."
76561198108031310,Recommended,269790,21122149,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"Played episode one. Have yet to play episode 2. But so far, it is a very intriguing fear inducing horror game. Much like Cry of Fear, and Fatal Frame, it just keeps you creeped out and wondering whats on th other side of that door. Plus, the giant pig scared the hell out of me!!! Just sayin! I cant be alone on that.7/10"
,Recommended,269790,21023606,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Marcellino Satrio,I Am like this gameThe ghost from Indonesia ready to make you farIts a great game from IndonesiaAnd I Am like Diggital Happines Costumer ServiceI AM Hope KOTD can play in my computerCHERFULL MAlaNG
,Recommended,269790,33148144,Posted: 2 July,all,Tzunny,"Scary AF, planning to finish it... i got it during the summer sale and it's worth!And now i got the DLC to from HB Horror pack and it's sick, can't wait to complete it!"
76561198052989462,Not Recommended,269790,34539925,Posted: 27 August,all,Irishcrackpot,"I can forgive the outdated graphics, but the gameplay mechanics are terrible.  I can accept a game being difficult but difficult due to poor design is nothing but frustrating.The story and concept are interesting and I was really looking forward to this game, but I just couldn't get past the frustrations of the battles; there is little to no intuitiveness as to how to defeat the creatures for the most part and  you find yourself winning through trial and error.  Not an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,269790,15823184,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Mogisuf,"DreadOut is 3D horror adventure game within an authentic Indonesian setting. Because I am Indonesian, I recommend this game to all of you :D"
,Recommended,269790,34401141,Posted: 21 August,all,kill me,"BUY TILL YOU CAN THIS IS A GREAT GAME THE SALE IS GREEEEEAAAT! Just buy it.Pros:-Chilling experience-Great atmosphere-Creative Idea€-Many types of ghostsCons:-Not THAT scary (but that depends on the person)-Slow walking when in phone camera view (yes, that's actually a con for me)-It's short-Normal price way too highSo, to wrap it up it's a 9/10. Will recommend while it's on sale for 1,49$."
,Recommended,269790,33393575,Posted: 8 July,all,Kristoffer,Shoutout to the ps2 era of horror games.Aka the best era.
76561198023049455,Not Recommended,269790,14628703,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Yusufu,"Ok I'll write a review:Gameplay: 3/10Running simulator and collect stuff to open new areas and take picture of ghosts when the camera starts glitching to kill them, sometimes you have to aim at their weak spot.Glitch:The school is so confusing. I got stuck at the school because the game decided to remove the green key which unlocks the closet on the second floor; spent hours trying to figure out the solution and in the end I found out the game was broken because the key did not show for me and so I had to exit and jump to Act2.Graphics: 4/10 the characters models and some monsters looked good, but the level design looked like from Playstation2, seriously why is it so outdated?! Also, there where some graphical glitches.Sounds: 8/10 it was fine and the voice acting is good although sometimes a character speaks and you hear the sound coming from elsewhere.Story: I didn't even finish it, ran out of patience.Overall: 5/10 too much walking, bad graphics and repetitive gameplay. I loved Silent Hill by the way.My suggestions: This game needs puzzels  and more engaging story. It needs variations more weapons to choose from more consumables. Also, better hint system I dont' want to google stuff to find my way in the game."
76561198314008130,Recommended,269790,33281903,Posted: 5 July,all,WKWKWK LAND,"For me, this game is very scary, because the ghosts in this game ""REAL"" in my country (Indonesia), the background and atmosphere in this game really like in my country. I am very proud of my country, because it can create this great game.Untuk Rakyat Indonesia :Ayo teman-teman! Mari kita dukung dan cintailah produk tanah air kita (Indonesia)!-LOVE INDONESIA-"
76561198031752714,Recommended,269790,10165796,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Waywatcher Sora,Good old school survival horror powered by the android flashlight app no less lol.
,Recommended,269790,12063106,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ii M3RCENARY ii,very good game bit scary but very good viewing angles ;)
,Recommended,269790,15510368,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,The Neo Nerd,I need new undies after playing this...
76561198114499835,Recommended,269790,18790319,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Suisuisei,-go outside the room after picking up my cellphone-see a girl standing alone in the darkness-nope.png-alt+F4-Shut Down computer-go back the next day to try againThis was my first experience of this game10/10
,Recommended,269790,13718444,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"Just finished the first Act .Possibly ther rebirth of Fatal Frame. It's exactly the same principle and so, so scary.It is a puzzle solving third person horror game at heart. I thoroughly enjoyed the creepy atmosphere the ghost fights as well as the jump scares had me going from start to finish.Would recommend for any fan of horror games."
76561197974105367,Recommended,269790,13809453,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,METAL,"it is short (and thats without act 2), has some glitches, the graphics arent up to date but the atmosphere is really good. school can be a scary place.equipped only with your phone, you have to find your way out of it and fight off the entites that haunt the place. with some decent puzzles (some required looking up on youtube because they werent that obvious) and exploring the derelict school, you will have a good time regardless.but for full price, i think its too much. i got it when it was 50% off and this, i think, is a reasonable price, once act 2 is out, which is for free.edit:well, act 2 is out and it is still creepy. a bit boss fight heavy but few more locations than just the school. also a very nice spot that is more relaxing. that is until you lid all the candels. also it has several endings that requires several playthroughs."
,Recommended,269790,14732986,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Kamilaph,"I just hope, there's an act 3, well the ending was hanging  and i've become curious about Linda's next story. By the way I love the part when lady in red talked in sundanesse language. >..<"
76561198139813154,Recommended,269790,14593642,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,alvakurnia,"Good Plot but i am playing not in 32 bit, so the texture detail is bad,"
76561198130973266,Recommended,269790,13048949,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,TopGearAE86Turbo,Playing this remind me of fatal frame 4 from the wii. really like the classic horror 3rd person view than 1st person view.even i haven't finish the school level coz it was scaring as hell. but overall is a great horror game.
76561197971083634,Recommended,269790,13533467,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Angry Samoan,Great game. The only game in a long time that has had me so scared I was getting goosebumps while playing.
76561198100695964,Recommended,269790,13731527,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Futa Führer,"I was really looking forward to this game and I had a lot of fun with it, but my God did it try to ruin that fun at every turn.  I don’t know if it is because of the recent update or what, but my experience with the game consisted of about 50% fun and 50% glitch.  Some ghosts don’t show up even when all of the requirements for their appearance are meet, and when they do show up they are immortal.Now, yes, there are some ghosts in this game that are designed to be immortal, but I’m not talking about those.  I’m talking about regular, average ghosts that I can absolutely defeat but who simply won’t die no matter how many times I take a photo of them or their weak point.Another glaring issue is the camera’s range.  The way it works in-game is that when a ghost gets a certain distance away from you the camera’s screen gets all glitchy and then you can take their photo and deal damage.  But it appears that in order for the static to manifest the ghost has to cross some sort of invisible threshold that only exists when the camera is up.  So, if you pull the camera up too late or if the ghost manifests in your static-zone, the static will not appear and you cannot do damage to it.  For the most part this is not an issue, but there is one boss fight in the school that takes place in a very small room and the ghost started to bum-rush me or manifest just a few feet away.  Even though he was in the camera’s screen and I could take his picture, none of them did damage and he would hit me.  I would run from side of the room to side of the room, pulling the camera up and taking a photo, but there was no static, no damage done, and he would soon kill me.Dying due to glitches is bad enough, but to then see a dying-screen message of, “maybe you should consider switching to casual gaming,” is just infuriating.  Add to this a bunch of achievements not triggering even when you meet their requirements exactly, and this game can become very frustrating very quickly.  There were other glitches that I encountered, but they hardly effected gameplay as badly so I won’t mention them.All of that being said, the core mechanics of wandering around a haunted town, defeating ghosts with your camera, finding articles/notes that reveal more of the plot, and finding items to increase your powers are all a lot of fun. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes survival horror games where you can actually fight back but aren’t unstoppable.  I’d almost compare this game to the better Resident Evil titles in that you can defeat nearly all that stands against you, but just a few mistakes and you will die.tl;dr – Good game, but tons of glitches that, if encountered, can make the game almost impossible to play.  Wait till the next patch comes out and then look to see what people are saying."
76561198105473822,Recommended,269790,14498530,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,JeZombie,"Following in the foot steps of classic horror title Fatal Frame (Project Zero as it is known in Australia), this is a really good attempt by a independent company trying to tackle old school survival horror with no action!No run and gun, your only weapon of defense is the camera on your mobile phone (very much the same as fatal frame).Graphics are fairly decent for the price tag, sound effects are amazingly errie.Great atmosphere, it can at times be a very unnerving game. (maybe not for everyone)Can occasionally be buggy, but nothing to really prevent the shivers from running down the spine.So if your a fan of old school, or just longing for a game to step into fatal's shoe's, then give this game a shot, it may not be the classic game those were, or a AAA title, but it's deffinetly achieved more than alot of today's ""Horror"" game's can manage.4/5*"
,Recommended,269790,14518063,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lt.Scythe,"Dreadout is a game done in a ""Forgotten"" Style of the Survival horror genre, and before you all say, ""Um Cl0ps, there are alot of games done in First Person View with minimal lighting and so forth."" Let me explain, so in a society where the Survival Horror Franchise is booming without a hitch, it's full of games, literally hundreds to thousands (Not including all the ♥♥♥♥ing zombie games.......thats a topic for another day) anyways, Dreadout attempts and accomplishes the forgotten art of Mortality. Now what I mean is we all played games like Evil Within, or Alien Isolation, Slender, Five nights at Freddy's, Outlast, etc. But in those games you don't really feel a sense of mortality, everything is sort of pushed along and given to you, sure you die and attempt again but thats not what I mean, most of the new games it's all given to you, Alien Isolation you learn very early on about the hiding aspects, Outlast you learn right away what effects lighting has and conserving batteries, so theres that and then theres that ""Forgotten style"" I spoke of, let's go back in time to December 13th 2001, A game is released in Japan, and is still held as one of the most scariest series of games of all time, Fatal Frame. Fatal Frame puts you into your character and basically says ""Here is your ♥♥♥♥ing camera, heres how to work it, some♥♥♥♥♥♥is happening but you already knew that, escape, on your own because Im out the ♥♥♥♥ing door already because they don't pay me enough to deal with this♥♥♥♥♥♥"" (lol) so you play through with subtle clues and hints of whats going on in books/tomes that you find or some of the ghosts you come across, but in the end it's up to you to figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out and take course of action. You feel mortality because your a normal human being dealing with this scary F'ed up situation where sometimes if you do die it is game over, you tend to be more cautious and♥♥♥♥♥♥seems more creepy and scary, and builds up until one crazy scare lets you release that sweet serenity of a scream/yelp/cry for help. Now Dreadout is like a modern day call to Fatal Frame, sort of like if Fatal Frame decided to have a F'ed up affair with resident evil, had a baby and said ""do what you want but you only get to use a camera."" and then silent hill came by to form a threesome and gave the baby some new toys to play with. (Seriously it;s a game worth playing until the heads of Fatal Frame in Japan get their heads out of their asses and finally release another of their masterpieces here in North America, that would raise the bar for a new generation.)All in All let's face facts, it's not Fatal Frame........But, its not Duke Nukem Forever.This game manages to pull off what is was inspired by very well, there are some pros and cons just like any other games which are:Pros:+Sound Quality+Controls fairly Easy+Has a decent story, keeps you going+You are able to explore you areas fairly well+It has that mystique of not knowing whats next that every Survival horror genre game should have.+builds up its scares nicely+Let's you feel mortalCons:-Graphics aren't bad but don't expect brand new Far Cry 4 graphics-Its being released in ""Acts"" which isn't bad unless you are like me who just wants to keep going to see whats next.-Achievements sometimes don't work (but from what I hear they have been patching that so you should be good.)All in all this game is definitely worth it.CategoryScoreVisual8.5/10Sound9/10Gameplay9/10Total9/10"
,Recommended,269790,16514941,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ĐɆ₥Ø₦ ♔,"This game scared me, But after watching Linda's boobs and butt wiggling around I began to feel ok again. LolBut really though this game is awesome, Great title for any horror fanGood mix of jump scares & puzzles10/10"
,Recommended,269790,22036688,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Kingfisher,"I love Dreadout! It deserves a place next to horror greats such as Silent Hill and Fatal Frame. It excels in atomsphere. The take on ghosts is fresh and exciting. Though it's slow at parts it makes up for it in some the best moments in horror gaming.It says otherwise in big picture mode, you CAN play with game with the steam controller. I played the entire game with the with no hangups or hiccups. DreadOut is well suited for controller play."
,Not Recommended,269790,17990034,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,cyberghostface,"If you own a Mac, I would proceed with caution before attempting to purchase this.You may notice that my current number of hours spent on this game is about eight hours. The majority of that time has been spent, believe it or not, attempting to start up the game and play it. I have been able to play 'Act 0' (which is the demo level) without any issues but upon playing 'Act 1' the game will shut down. Sometimes I'm luckier than others and I'm able to progress for a couple of minutes, at others it will shut down before the credits start. I tried to use 'Crossover' and I got a little bit further than usual but even then the game quit unexpectedly.Needless to say, this is frustrating as I would like to play the game. I will edit this review when this is fixed but until then I can't recommend a purchase."
,Recommended,269790,20201235,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kleine Schwester,damn god. this game is great. i'm totally scared
,Recommended,269790,33574686,Posted: 15 July,all,Seraphicia,At first play on chapter 0 and 1 I found this game is good enough to recommend.Ingame content and asian enviroment make the game feeling real for me. and the background music this one thing that made me feel scare when played it alone in middle of the night. the game got some bug at your phone's camera I spend all night try to kill a ghost women that have tattoo in the back until found out it's a bug ( can't take a photo shot at her back ) I restart game again and a bug is gone.
,Recommended,269790,24325060,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Trevor,"DreadOut is an episodic psychological survival horror game developed by Digital Happiness and it's available on Windows, OS X and Linux. Available demohere, also the demo is available on Steam.The core gameplay involves fighting ghosts by using a camera to take their pictures, similar to the Fatal Frame series, which I never played because of being a console exclusive.There are quite a few game breaking bugs that have pushed me to finish this title so late. Still this is the Fatal Frame I never had and always wanted to play.I'm looking forward to gettingDreadOut: Keepers of The Dark, which is a new standalone game, on the next Steam sale, or onGOG.comwould be nice as well."
,Recommended,269790,21292217,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Angelus Quinn,This game is like a fatal frame but set in indonesian myths.There's a lot of bugs but overall a good game.Plus the indonesian goddesses are cute and hot af.I think they should add sexy outfits of Linda lol.
76561198204609809,Recommended,269790,16832415,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SleepyMadness,This game was a true survival horror experience and as well as a great storyline. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves horror.
,Recommended,269790,11449196,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,AJ,"Steam needs more games like this, makes you think and it's scary as ♥♥♥♥. Well worth paying $15"
76561197970523990,Not Recommended,269790,16032073,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,vincelang,"About an hour into the game: scissor guy comes out, I take a couple snapshots, I die, I watch the girl get laboriously up, I run towards the light (it takes almost a full minute), I respawn, I take a couple snaps, I die, I watch the girl get laboriously up, I run towards the light - the run is longer and longer, I die, I respawn . . . who thought this was valid gameplay?This isn't fear I'm experiencing: it's frustration and the boredom of repetitive tasks - I get enough of that at work, thank you very much.Any atmosphere the game had going just evaporated."
,Recommended,269790,19678561,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HB,Already gave me like 3 heart attacks.
,Recommended,269790,19459299,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sanszouuufy~!?,support game indo mZ
76561198104779678,Recommended,269790,13557377,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,kesatriyadharma,good horror game! reminds me from good old fatal frame... still waiting for act 2 thou....
76561198140804009,Recommended,269790,13227019,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,星,"Fatal Frame, Indonesian version... hahawell not bad at all..."
76561198022540179,Recommended,269790,16528722,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ExtozyA,1-Open the game2-Find a phone3-Walk around4-Jumpscare5-Rage Quit6-Abandon the Earth
,Recommended,269790,19074317,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Corpedo,Мне очень понравилась играЭто очень страшно !!!
,Recommended,269790,11712532,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Riazakk,Got killed by a scissor weilding transvestite ghost. 10/10 would play.
76561197976488660,Not Recommended,269790,25959564,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ldengstr,"Seems like a good idea for a game, but there are a lot of issues wtih this. There is a lot of frame rate drops while walking and running, you have to take about 30 pictures of boss ghosts to get to the next part. Some are invicible to kill. Got stuck after a very hard part which I beat and still had to re-do the hard part due to being stuck in a rock. I love to support non AAA games, but this one needs a lot of work before people pay money for this. Plus there is no waypoint so gameplay is very tough to know where to go."
76561198168644175,Not Recommended,269790,13558807,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,prinnyuber,"If you are curious about this game, put this in your wishlist untill the act 2 and/or wait till the game is finished then get it. The concept and ideas have potential however, the story had more plotholes like the bumpy roads you traverse onto in the first chapter. The immersion of this game was gone the moment I started looking for hints online. Ghosts are rare and one of them will give you too many cheap deaths. No game overs felt like theres no sense of accomplishment. The puzzles in the game felt like fillers to pad the gameplay out. There were a few instances were I had to reload my save file again because of the bugs and glitches ingame. Its unfortunate that many names are involved in this project for such a short game. Oh well, I m in it for the long haul so hopefully theres exposition in the later chapters/acts to follow in the future. My suggestion is NEVER PLAYTHROUGH THIS GAME BLIND!"
,Recommended,269790,15676591,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Gloom_Under_Night,"If you enjoyed the Fatal Frame franchise, you'll definitely enjoy this game. And for the price, you really can't go wrong."
,Recommended,269790,16345410,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,hellcat5,"Overall, I enjoy the game.  The environmental artstyle during the daytime lacks polish according to what I expect from today's games, but it works.  With this game, it could have two modes.  The traditional ""survival horror"" mode, and then a story mode where the boss fights require less camera shots.  As it stands, I find the boss fights extremely challenging due to what seems to be a lack of responsiveness from raising the camera to take a picture.  I'm quite stuck at the scissors boss due to the lack of responsiveness of this.  It feels like I must stop, wait a fractional amount of time, then raise the camera, then take the picture, and by then ... it's pointless.  If you've played Resident Evil 4, then you'll understand when I say this boss fight reminds me of the blade armed cage fight in the castle, except no gun, and no where near as frustrating.  Difficulty settings could deal with how many photos you must take of a given monster, or if the camera targetting challenge is on or off.  Even with the downfalls of it, I like the idea, so I'll give it a thumbs up.  Just don't think I'll be playing it much unless I feel like really frustrating myself."
,Not Recommended,269790,18444165,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,merfab76,"After spending 2 hours running around in circles in the school, I finally realized I had absolutely no fun playing this game. The idea is interesting, the atmosphere is kinda right, but as for the rest :- awful textures (like, ps2-awful or something) (note : apparently, the game was first shipped with ""64 bits"" textures, supposedly much better, but which were removed for ""performance"" problems. I never saw them, and they were never reintroduced despite the initial ""promise"")- useless walking pace, meaning you'll have to be running all the time, except you can't run all the time as the character has to catch her breath from time to time- uninspired level design- average and not well presented puzzles (those that I saw, at least).- limbo (when you ""die"", you wake up in limbo, which requires you to walk towards a light to start playing again (at least 1 minute lost every time)- not tight enough controls (some of the fights require you to get behind your target, it's a hassle just to do that, and if you miss, chances are you'll get a stuck in a ""loop"" of you being knocked down repeatedly by your target, meaning you'll probably end up in limbo-oh-great-not-again ? see above)- camera control has a bad tendancy to ""double"" your input, meaning you'll raise it and then immediately lower it, especially when you try to activate it after running (which you do all the time, see above). As the camera is crucial for some events, guess what ? Back to limbo-you-gotta-be-kidding-me again (see above ... again :p)- absolutely no sense of fear after the first jump-scare (if you can even call it that)- minor, but from what I saw, your character doesn't talk, not even answering questions asked by her teammatesI finally gave up after 3 hours, totally bored. This game could have been good, maybe even great, but in the end, it brings absolutely no fun, just frustration, and as such, there's no way I can recommend it."
,Recommended,269790,24064632,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LancerECNM,"If you crave PS2-era horror rather than your Outlasts and your Amnesias, play DreadOut! It's pretty excellent and actually fun!"
76561198089424510,Not Recommended,269790,26624705,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Keyroye,"As much as it pains me to a bad review, But the big problem this game has is that when your getting attack by a ghost/monster, you get pin to the wall and you cant move at all. Reloading the game dos not help, Respawning dos not help, Only starting a new game/Ace helps and im sick of doing that.Good Jump scares and is scarybut Bad when it come to getting pit to every thing."
,Not Recommended,269790,10389584,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Chernobog,"I really want to recommend this game, but I can't. It has a lot of good visuals, plays like Fatal Frame, and the music score is excellently brooding. But there are a lot of issues with it, some small and others flat out hair tearingly frustrating. It takes a good concept and then screws it over with poor gameplay designs.The difficulty is all over the place. While some things are relatively easy, but a lot winds up being luck based in regards to encounters. One such fight (spoiler) agains the infamous Scissor Ghost is essentially all about dumb luck trying to evade an enemy in a tiny room that comes out of the walls with tank controls. In the wrong spot at the wrong time? Too bad, you get stunlocked to death. Respawn back in the room and he gets a free hit on you. They've had forever to fix this.There's not a lot of direction or explanation to anything as to what you're supposed to accomplish. You'll have to look into your Files section to get some idea, but little is organically explained within the context of gameplay outside of some otherwise nifty Silent Hill style notes that delve into background events. Characterization is more thin than I'd like. You get objects in the game, but it isn't clear if they're supposed to do anything or why you're collecting them.Controls are tank based... what can I say? Your character runs and turns slowly. She's slow about using her camera against speedy enemies. If you get hit, she recovers like a drunk on downers so enemies can just keep nailing you during your recovery animations. Otherwise, controls are very simplistic.Graphically, the game is like a late PS2 title. Not a bad thing, really, but it becomes clear more work was put into some things that others. The enemies all look very good and spooky, but human character animations can be choppy. I noticed at one point the heroine's hand clips into her own wrist when bending.But I WANT to like this title. It sets a great atmosphere even with inconsistent graphics and the way the dust plays across the camera is realistic to actual ghost hunting perspectives. The sound effects are top notch. Play this in the dark with headphones! It does feel like a genuine horror experience. But poor gameplay issues take away from the immersive quality. What should be challenging or scary winds up being nothing else than frustrating as you can get stuck in places with seemingly little to do but wander the same scenes again and again because you either can't figure out what you're supposed to do or it doesn't feel like there was anything you could rationally do... you get by on dumbluck. So it doesn't have that savor of challenge that a difficult title like Darksouls would.Is it worth $15? Debateable. It feels like some polish is needed throughout. It's not the worst title I've ever played, but it fails to live up to what it could be.As a final note, the DLC is pretty nice for this game. The comics are interesting and deliver some pretty good wtf moments as well as explains a few things. The music itself is quite sweet too... to access it once you've bought the DLC, check your steamapps!ACT 2 Comments...Act 2 was somewhat 'ehh' at first, but ramped up nicely. Things are more lively and story based in the 2nd part, with the end leaving more questions and possibilities. There are a LOT of boss fights in the 2nd part and the location is entirely different. I would in terms of challenge, the puzzles are often harder than the bosses were (there's only a few, but they make only vague amounts of sense), but generally nothing is 'scissor ghost' difficult. The 2nd is definitely darker and more surreal- expect much more direct ghost confrontations but less exploring. The linearity is a little disappointing, but the journey was more enjoyable as a whole. I'm not sure it's enough to say I recommend this title now, but it's not terrible. The experience of DreadOut is reasonably memorable with great imagery and in truth, I'd like to see more despite some qualms with the game. I'm going to say I'm neutral at this point with the recommendation. That said, if it's on sale, just go for it and play in the dark."
76561198017706638,Recommended,269790,12386141,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,RelativeBlue,"Exploration and ghosts!Fantastic game, I loved it."
,Not Recommended,269790,13635349,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ryllian,"So its been a year since my first thumbs down review. Still have the same opinion of the game.Atmosphere: 10/10Graphics: Great for an indie game company. Dont expect AAA.Sound: Music/effects Good.Voice Acting: House of the Dead/10.Honest and Trustworthy Devs 0/10And thats the crux of my thumbs down. The game itself isnt bad, but they included a rebind keys option. Its selectable and you can rebind the controls in the game. There is no warning in the game or on the purchase page that this option DOES NOT WORK. It just breaks the game as any rebound control ceases to function. Burried deep in a suggestions to the devs thread on the forums they acknowledge it does not work and said they want to add that fuctionality but it is not a priority. Thats fine, but why is the option there then? Why isnt it greyed out, or a message saying not to do it yet. ANYTHING. You just rebind your controls and then wonder why the game doesnt work. To me, this openface lie makes me wish the refund policy was available when I bought the game. As a left handed person this option is very important to me and my game playing experience. The absence or warning that it doesnt work yet being present this would of been a 9/10 please buy and support cuz the atmosphere and style is amazing. But instead I see dishonest and lying company I want no part of or support for.Sadly im in the minority and will go completely un-noticed. If you care about developer integrity and a simple one line of code it would of been to grey out the option till its added everything would be fine. Instead :thumbsdown:"
,Not Recommended,269790,10372415,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,CommanderSheppard,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3g-0AlX-EUAs of writing this, only “Act 1” is available, this is worth mentioning since on the steam store page there’s a little note saying “Act 2” will be a free update that comes “later”. Is it fair to review the game when not all the content is out? Then again, is it fair to charge for a game when what’s available amounts to barely anything?At first I got vibes of a teen slasher film; a group of students on a road trip (with their teacher for some reason?) with a funky sound track and not a care in the world. After a wrong turn they end up at an abandoned town and decide that the sensible idea is to leave the car behind and walk blindly through town, rather than just retreating from whence they came. Eventually they come across a school, and we all know kids love nothing better, so the boys rush inside, presumably to vandalise, but this is basically the last we see or hear of them. It suddenly becomes night and it occurs to everyone that the guys have been gone a while, maybe they should look for them. Upon entering everyone else disappears, and the doors are locked. Hope you like school; it’s all you’re going to see from this point on. While the game doesn’t really say as much, you’re presumably tasked with finding the rest of the suddenly missing field trip posse, though by the end of the act, no real progress is made on that front.The backstory of the town is explained through the traditional “find the letters” gimmick. However, note “the town”, all the backstory is about the town at large rather than the place you spend all your time in; the school. By the time you’re finished, you’re no wiser as to what was going on at the school than when you started, nor why any of these phantoms are residing there.Weirdly, once the night time portion starts, you can head back into town instead of going into the school, which reveals a UFO and a couple of other demons, just kind of… there. Sadly it feels like more effort is put into these “secrets” than fleshing out the main plot.Back in the school, you’ll be aimlessly wandering around looking for puzzles no one asked you to solve. For some reason a pig demon has the keys to the front door around his neck, and it all snowballs from there. It uses the Project Zero gimmick of taking a picture of a scene, only for the image to show to a different place where you go and pick up an item, except there’s nothing explaining why.If a ghost touches you, then our heroine becomes “stressed”, repeated touching causes her to collapse. Oddly rather than die you appear in “Limbo”, which is to say you wake up in darkness, surrounded by a ring of candles and an eerie source of light in the distance. Sometimes a voice whispers clues, which end up being a lot more useful than the ones Linda keeps in her journal. Sadly why limbo exists and why she’s experiencing it, or whether it’s just something that happens to everyone in this world is left completely unexplained.Basically, don’t come to this game for the story.The ghostly crew consists of a phantom pig, a yeti on crack, a businessman, a crossdressing teacher, a giant lady and a lady that likes to sing. After defeating a ghost, you get a little extract in your journal explaining what the ghost’s deal is, but it’s kind of irrelevant and doesn’t really do anything to tie them into the world or explain why they hang out at school.I was initially impressed with the reserved use of the phantoms, each is a particular character in the world rather than a random spawn, though what exactly that character is isn’t really defined. The second floor contains a ghost that disappears instead of dying, after defeating it, in one of the worst attempts at a jump scare I’ve seen in gaming, you’ll periodically get a image of it going “AAAARGH!” in front of your face briefly appear on screen. This wouldn’t be so bad were it not accompanied by a constant wailing that follows you around the second floor. This completely destroyed the atmosphere. It ended up being a deterrent to exploration since I just stopped going to the second floor until I was certain I’d exhausted every other option.You can fight the ghosts off via your camera phone, but you can’t actually defeat them, just make them retreat until they feel like attacking again. When you take the picture *something* seems to happen to them, like the pig monster gets smaller and the yeti vanishes, but ultimately it doesn’t seem to mean anything, they’ll happily come back. Also loading screen hints say the camera can be upgraded, but that doesn’t seem to be implemented. The game says that it’s the camera flash that’s defeating the ghosts, but that begs the question; why aren’t they affected by the flashlight?The game area essentially consists of; four corridors, a foyer, a boss room and a bunch of classrooms, most of which have nothing of interest in, just an array of misaligned desks, chairs and backpacks. Oh, and toilets, a prime place for a spook, right? Not here… In fact, there are very few rooms that contain anything of interest. It feels more like a haunted house; designed to mimic creepy films and rely on the fact you were scared of those, rather than providing any actual frights of its own.There are a few puzzles, but they don’t have any context, nor make much sense, ultimately the main puzzle of the game is; the pig demon has the front door keys, find a way of getting them. The game just doesn’t have enough content, story, locations, characters… anything.The idea of DreadOut isn’t entirely bad, neither is the execution, plenty of horror games have clunky controls, I can forgive that. I even enjoyed some of the time I spent with it. But it’s barely a game. It’s an assortment of horror elements, jumbled together with no reasoning behind it resulting in something that completely fails in its object to scare.Maybe Act 2 will fix that problem, but if it’s anything like the first, the only thing that’ll have me screaming is frustration at the lack of content."
,Not Recommended,269790,15227305,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,Framerate drops are so bad the games unplayable!!From what i've read the devs are aware of it and haven't done anything about it.But hey they got my money so who cares lol Im shocked people are giving positive reviews for a game thats so poorly optimized.Tons of people are having this issue.Go on the community hub and take a look.The game could be good but when you cant run it who gives a crap!
,Recommended,269790,19350021,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CHADZ,"keren gan, bikin merinding sumpah !"
,Recommended,269790,16481957,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mykwon,Just♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when a ghost jumped at me after opening a door.10/10 Would spoil my underwear again.
,Not Recommended,269790,24855234,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Crчѕєnѕ ︻芫═───,I cant start a new game wtf is this... i want my money back
76561198133973017,Not Recommended,269790,23244458,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,synthetic_ghost,"Was I Ripped off?I recently purchased dread out and The Game won't even load, when i started the game i chose my nameand then I got to the loading screen and I waited for the game to start, The game did not start, the Loadingscreen all it did was change quotes and backgrounds for like 20 mins , Why Cant i play This game?!"
,Recommended,269790,23588977,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mr.EW,the best of horror game!
,Not Recommended,269790,23904810,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,valkubabe,"I wanted so badly to love this game since it was on my wishlist for such a long time. I'm a big horror gaming fan so fatal frame and silent hill are big favorites of mine. I had high expectations for this, I'll admit. The atmosphere is SO wonderful, and the idea of it is so great. But the design is so miserable that it pulls away from everything that's supposed to make it great. The glitches and bugs made the game completely unplayable for me. I spent half an hour trying to take pictures of candles in act 0 just to progress and the only solution was completely starting over?! No thanks. I already had to youtube search solutions very early into it because there's just no context given. I love games that can teach a player how to play without just sticking a menu in front of them but.. this game really just throws you in there and in the fashion its done just doesn't work or allow you to learn how to play properly.  I'm going to watch a playthrough on youtube and just move on. :("
,Recommended,269790,22803368,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,"if you want scary...this is it. If i had to poop, it would have been in my pants.  I couldnt even play the game without someone in the room with me and I dont scare easily.  I could just imagine this with a VR helmet.    reminded me a little bit of PT silent hills from ps4  with dated graphics and sort of clunky controls. The sounds were pretty cool and the voice acting was okay.   I dont recommend this if you are easily scared. I only got it because it looked like resident evil.  The story seems meh, and the gameplay was kinda of slow and tedius and you have to pay attentionm to little details. Long review short:Play this if youre constipated and need relief. Then delete it and play resident evil."
,Recommended,269790,34460928,Posted: 24 August,all,Raidon,Best horror game!
76561198132393332,Not Recommended,269790,33237386,Posted: 4 July,all,wick,"I have submitted a complaint (via support ticket) to Steam about this game. I told them that it does not work on Macs, should not be being sold for Macs, has not worked on Macs for years, that the developers do not acknowledge or deal with the issue through numerous updates. I strongly encourage everyone who has the same problem to do the same, even though it is a hassle (you will be forced to create a support account, have to find the well hidden link, find a way to be able to type a message to Steam, be asked to reset your Steam files and verify your local Dreadkeep files - all of that just to get started.) The developers of this game need to be held to account for continuing to sell software for Mac that basically doesn't work on the Mac. after 1 hour struggling played this game i decided to refund it, not good for mac user"
,Recommended,269790,34530309,Posted: 27 August,all,[DGR] Gikiller,"This game is so fu*king goodi just want more of it because it is really hard to find a decent horror games at these daysA horror games that has a good story and A nice gameplayAnd a good Jump Scaresthe only bad thing i faced in this game is the fact that Linda (the main character)dosent even speak, hell she dosent even has a voice actor,OVERALL: 8/10i'm so excited to buy the second season !"
76561198032232194,Not Recommended,269790,22248498,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,3xiT0n,"Definitely struggled to make myself finish this game.  Rating = 2/5 or 4/10 , disliked it , not recommended."
76561198296030416,Not Recommended,269790,22348272,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,phiathao89,Need A Refund! this game DOSE NOT LOAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,269790,32985121,Posted: 29 June,all,KingsOfRags,The only game that manage to make me screem like a little child....
,Recommended,269790,29185557,Posted: 11 January,all,Dujiansia,the dlc was worth it
76561198095003938,Not Recommended,269790,19989955,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DokiDokikoro,"I was excited at first to play this game when it came out for like a year ago or whatever... but when I started to play I found it very odd... It was not... the kind of game I expected it to be... The story over how I see it so far: apparently you play as a japanese school girl named Linda... that is riding with her school comrades to a place somewhere... I don't quite remember... but then instead they find a haunted abandoned ghost town... and they are going to investigate this town... and all they find is fog and an abandoned school very far up to the hill of the town... then they somehow get trapped in the school building... and have to find each other and get out of there... And there are ghosts and beasts that rest within the building and the town and gets their peace disturbed...The story is very interesting and it has a good concept too... but when you start this game at first you will get confused as f*** when you walk around like an idiot to find an exit or a solution somehow... but no... you have to deal with spooky phantom logic in this f***ing game... and Linda can scare away ghosts by taking a photo on them with her cellphone... which I found too easy and uninteresting... with the ""deal with your enemies""-system... Not like... run away and hide... or like try to fight them... plus the quality and graphics in this game is ugly and sloppy. it looks like the game was barely made for months or anything... But then I don't know better how to better the graphics and quality... but isn't that the game developer's job? To make the game look at least good enough for the year it is made? Well then i must say they need to get better with that skill of theirs... and I found it more annoying than scary with the jumpscares and ghosts that popped up every f***ing tenth second you walked in the school and the town... and a big♥♥♥♥♥boar that was walking around the school and charging at you when it saw you was not much of a big threat... and when you were outside everything including papers flying in the air plus foul textures of buildings and extremely poor quality everywhere...! and the cutscenes were so goddamn sloppy and quick that you could barely tell what the hell happened and you had to make up your own story to follow the main story... for the game... it reminded me of a ps2 game with cutscenes that could never catch the player's emotions...3.5/10. try harder, Indonesia."
,Recommended,269790,14658244,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ivan Chesnokov,"After Amnesia TDD, it's the only game that gave me the chills the entire time I've played it. You have to play it in a dark room without a TV running or anything else but your PC in the background so the game sends shivers down your spine. I totally plan on going all the way through this game, it has huge potential. It's a shame I find out about it months after it came out.10/10 2spooky4me"
76561197984591113,Not Recommended,269790,21170966,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,︻▄┳━━┵,一直卡在load。。。。网上说是不能有中文路径。因为我在mac下面玩的，所以把系统改成英文，steam改成英文还是不行。什么时候能把这个问题解决了？
,Not Recommended,269790,22859501,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Wishwise,"Made it through the intro sequence and into the abandoned school.  Got stuck dying repeatedly after taking dozens of photos of a ghost, with no apparent result.  Fatal Frame did this years and years ago, with better gameplay and story."
,Recommended,269790,19848212,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TeenJackBauer,6.5/10 TJBs
,Recommended,269790,15449711,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,FezStar,"Fans asked me to play this game because they thought it would be ""fun"".I'm now petrified of looking into a mirror & hate red dresses.Imagine ""Fatal Frame"" and ""The Ring"" had a baby. That is this game :D!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DeAvK3qpL4"
,Recommended,269790,20107322,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shutupandclickyourmouse,nice game !!!!
,Recommended,269790,30947586,Posted: 4 April,all,Stormslay,"By far my favourite horror game if not outright my favourite game in general on Steam.  Immersive is a word that is thrown about in the community too loosely to describe games, but that is exactly how I would describe this one."
76561198116254829,Recommended,269790,33248592,Posted: 4 July,all,Пiпетаilеdfбх,i like the game
,Not Recommended,269790,15703229,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ジョナサン,"DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!-the game has no sense of direction.-the protagonist character has a wimpy running mechanic.-the ambiace makes it hard to know were with the demons are coming from.-it lacks the sence of direction, so most of the game you will be wondering around without a clue of what to do next."
,Recommended,269790,18978900,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,AshyAsh,VERY GOOD
,Recommended,269790,19316995,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,RetroSensei,"Different, but good.http://retrosensei.net/2015/10/review-dreadout/"
,Recommended,269790,13738165,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,HV,Kereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen!!!!!!!!!!
76561198063102562,Recommended,269790,14123727,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,eviltrooper360,good game if you like creeapy give it a try
,Recommended,269790,13742878,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,siti.markonah101,thats great game from Indonesia
,Recommended,269790,13877792,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,syahputrabudi60,"It's game make me scary, like Kuntilanak or Sundel BolongBut the story line so short, i can't wait the act 2"
76561198024628996,Not Recommended,269790,15805773,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,RADLORD,"Too many game breaking glitches, and virtually no dev support."
,Recommended,269790,14507133,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,j3rtoms,the best horror game i play...10/10
,Recommended,269790,30718689,Posted: 24 March,all,-Puggy,"NICE GAME , SO NICE"
,Recommended,269790,13580904,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DhzHan,"Game ini bener-bener bikin JUMPSCARE. Banyak teka-teki/misteri, hantu. Grafik lumayan bagus. Nice Game.Score: 88 dari 100"
,Recommended,269790,13878008,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,k0nami,"This Game So Good,So Scary But FunnyRecomended For Horror Game Lover"
76561198167699592,Recommended,269790,13981041,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,chephtea,"I don't like the length of the game. The story is too short even Act 0 integrated with Act 1. Please seriously make more time and more ghost, real jumpscare ghost, freaky creature or absolute eerie demon within creepy situation and haunted place!Feels bored in waiting for Act 2. But it's ok, just don't let us (DO's fan) down. Hope the next update / Act 2 would be better.However these Acts (Act 0 + Act 1) are good start tho... I definitely recommend this game!"
76561198141411541,Recommended,269790,13585091,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,komoki_emrys,Looking for a horror game that has no weapons? Wanting to feel actually scared during a horror game? Is being trapped scary for you? Then pick up this Indonesian horror game today! It's unlike any horror game I've played before!
76561198082959970,Recommended,269790,13969253,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Flip,"Really cool, if they fix the bugged achievements would be great tho"
76561198120375779,Recommended,269790,13837394,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RYAN,good
,Recommended,269790,14664191,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Green Ranger,"DreadOut : ReviewDreadout is Indonesian supernatural 3rd person indy horror game for (PC) developed by (Digital Happiness), if you played games like ""Silent Hill""  and ""Fatal Frame"" or watched other super natural horror film's like the ""Grudge"" or the ""Ring"" and ""Paranormal Activity"", then you will probably like this.The game can be played in most countries on steam.Dreadout is filled with intense jump-scare moment's it's just a typical straight-up horror. Dreadout reminds me allot of the original Silent Hill on the PS1 with the constant use of darkly-lit tightly spaced hall-ways and corridors but then again you could say that about most supernatural horror games.The main protagonist is a high school student called Linda her and a bunch of high schooler's and a teacher called ""Miss Siska"" managed stumble across a ghost town in the middle of nowhere when they stray from there school trip. It doesn't take long before Linda is left alone and her colleague go missing or get possessed.Linda's only defense and weapon in the game is ""Smartphone"" and ""SLR Camera"" which you will use to take snap-shots of the many (ghosts, demons and spirits) they seem to be very camera shy.The game strengths:The ghosts and and demon's really brings out the fear and dread in someone and it really is a great fright-fest of a game. I was  jumping out my skin everytime unspected ghosts or demon was creaping up on me and screaming when I was caught of guard, anything can happen because of this you will feel on edge.The execution again of the (ghosts and demons) was brilliantly done, I got the feeling I was in a film like the ""The Ring"" or ""The Grudge"" hell even ""Poltergeist""I really enjoyed the eerie music too, it really set the tone perfectly really brought you into the horror ghost story and the atmosphere was also brilliant , I was second guessing if you saw something up ahead or not if something was a ghost or just part of the funtiture.Graphics and ControlsThe graphic's are pretty mediocre at best, and the control's seem ok but could of been implemented better like the ""analogue stick"" and the ""D-PAD"" (Ditgital Happiness); said this game is recommended for use with the (steam-controller) but I would think most people would probably be using (360 controller instead) like myself, it would of been nice the 360 scheme was implemented better so it would be easier to navigate the note book and the gallery.Frustrated moments playing Dread-outThe game at times especially for act one; I came across section where ""locker-key"" would not show-up nor could I take photo of certain picture puzzle's in the main hall which was annoying experience for me. I would be snapping away and nothing would happen when it was meant to! Not sure if this was general bug in the game or if it was poorly implemented,I had to restart the game to fix a bug! :(I feel bad for doing this because you should never have to restart a game due to a glitch.  anyway on my second play-through I managed to get the key and take the photo that was needed but it turn's out getting the locker-key I need to do the tasks in certain order because only then it appeared when it should of been there in the first place, well not entirely sure on this but that's what it felt like.Other Game bugs and glitchesAnother issue I had is with the 3 candles on the demo section it's never made clear what you need to do, I know games should be made to have fun and to be able to figure things out for yourself but this game pushed me to the point where everything is guess-work and more trial and error and allot of the time's I actually stumped on what to do!!! Especially when it came to figuring out the 3 candles. There I was thinking to myself after wondering around the same area for at-least hour. I think it's time to use YouTube to solve the problem.I find into today's gaming scene that having to youtube an area is very bad thing for a gamer to do and if this happens more than enough times, then you need to address something that is actually game breaking for the user who is playing it.I thought over-all there was lack of ""Clue's or Hints"" in order to help move forward in the game and what to do next but only when it came to the picture puzzles, at times it was more random guess than actually thought, went into solving the clues this was certainly noticeable on act 2 with the (Giant Indonesian hottie - section). I found myself in frustrating problems where I had no idea what to do eventually I had to YouTube that area again to find out how to progress. It turns out I needed to use the ""SLR Camera"" on the grass where the cat should show but the only problem is.... the cat never showed on my run I could only see the cat from a distance.Final wrap up and scoreI give this game a solid 8/10 the game might have flaws but it feels unique and I am fan of obscure games and specially horror and survival games. I will warn you the game does have allot of bugs and issues but this minor thing when you consider what else the game offers and look into Indonesian ghost stories because it's brilliant fright fest"
,Not Recommended,269790,24824004,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dammi Figa,"I got this game on sale for 3 USD so I won't go to the trouble of refunding it.I started on Act 0, and 40 mins in, my experience has consisted of being repetitively harassed by a ghost and these frustrating flying insect locust things that buzz around and make the character stop and shake every 3 steps. after following the other schoolgirl around the house at the start, she hands me a key and I go out the back of the house to a big swamp where theres some monsters that give chase (and like the ghost and locusts, there seems to be nothing you can do to repel or make them go away) Theres some candles at the end and theres nothing I can do with them.I will return to this game once I've regained my patience, so far I'm not impressed."
,Recommended,269790,24385285,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DFM,if you like horror game i think u must try this game
,Recommended,269790,23362773,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,chibeamken288,bought it. too scared to play it for more that 5 min at a time.
76561198031975325,Not Recommended,269790,23378115,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,adfl,"So much wrong I just don't know where to begin....Despite the game being a rip off from another early game called Fatal Frame - which was more playable - I thought I would give it a go.5 hours in and the clumsy controls are still making this game annoying to play. Yes this is a horror game but the only thing scary about it are the nightmarish controls. I've played some badly designed games ( I love indie ) but this is a total crock. OH GOD what was with that phone button, don't hold it long enough and nothing happens, hold it too long and the phone is put away again. WTF for????I got stuck twice on ghosts (chapter 0 and 1) killing me repeatedly right after I respawned....you respawn in the same spot you die with the ghost still attacking and you can't move. Having to restart due bad design is not fun....hello game designersI collected items, rings, dolls, newspaper clippings....with no explaination as to how they benefit me.....something vague about mystical power????The graphics are cutely PS2 level even though this intended orginally for PS4 or PS3. The music is entirely random with some tracks obviously grabbed from 1950's Boris Kaloff ""The Mummy"" movie. I can see why Playstation ended rejecting this game....I've had this in my collection for a while.....and I wished i had only just payed for it so I could return it.This sort of game is only for die hard idiots with no life or utter completionists. I noticed how many people on the gaming forums have had to ask for help to get through this .... a total sham"
,Recommended,269790,32929954,Posted: 28 June,all,Passive Bot,"Too scary for me, but its fun. I don't usually find a game with this language (which i can understand). This game has a lot of jump scares. So be prepared."
,Recommended,269790,32956620,Posted: 28 June,all,comeonkhan,A great and kind of difficult game.A cool concept of killing ghosts with your camera phones.weird areas and difficult bosses.Overall a great experience if you overlook some minor technical issues.
76561198141559029,Not Recommended,269790,22526981,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,GookSpooks,This game is a poorly made piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was on act two and I somehow accidently veered off the map and I couldn't get back in....... This game gets a sarcastic 10/10
,Recommended,269790,28976579,Posted: 3 January,all,Cleo,"Nice game, bangga akan karya anak bangsa (y)"
76561198021057760,Recommended,269790,25720877,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,beastking,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbXTkkJRuyA
76561198283871898,Recommended,269790,23132342,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nadhief HD,"This games has been make me say "" i love it"" cause in my country. they cant make game like this.. Jurig Escape? 3D but i didn't like that.. i like dreadout. and thanks you so much to make indonesian country succes"
76561198009565196,Not Recommended,269790,21033437,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aris_Shark,I really want to play it...looks great...after 10 min in the game always crashes..
76561198315491335,Recommended,269790,34579425,Posted: 29 August,all,GIAJA,in terms of the story of this game is quite good. but requires high ram with poor graphics
76561198043254294,Not Recommended,269790,11130942,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,The World is a Sandbox,"[Disclaimer: played this offline for about 2 hrs; logged on to Steam and suffered through the obligatory 5min added online play to be able to post this review] I wasted precious $$ based on reviews on here that must've been posted by the developers; my review is to help prevent you from doing same. What you get is a jerky, low texture romp through a set of life- and joyless sceneries (no sandbox for sure, you are narrowly confined to eaxctly the path the devs want you to take). Yes, there's some 'scary' music and sound effects, but unfortunately, if you get stuck in a maze, it's the same sound effect on endless loop - the screaming woman repeating every 10 secs for the 10 min you aimlessly wander through what looks like classroom after classrom, all empty, all pointless, all pretty ugly looking in the flashlight perspective you are allowed; all worthless because - frankly - I had no clue how to get out of there, and why I should, and after 10 minutes, I really didn't care anymore. What's the point of this game? No clue. What are you supposed to do? I really don't know. I guess you are supposed to 'fight' by pointing you camera phone at the beast and taking its picture?? For real? I ended by just sitting myself in a corner and waiting for that random beast that roams those halls to kill off my character, mercifully, to end this incredibly annoying experience. On comes a flash screen that read ""you've been playing for a while, time to take a break"". Yeah. Played about a couple increasingly agonizing hours, felt like a day. And the next flash message read: ""thanks for buying a licensed copy of the game"". Boy. I wish I hadn't."
76561198011380077,Not Recommended,269790,11682967,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Contingency,"Great game, unless you want to play the game with anything but the default keys.  From the forums, folks are complaining about the lack of controller support.  I would say get the game, but until they fix the issue with a patch, pass on this one."
76561198051425125,Not Recommended,269790,11879883,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Sckolar,"Not much to say other than this game is the king of grinding. It's a shame too, great graphics for indie, and scary, but so much grinding to the point it isn't scary-The enemies you face are very scary. Unfortunately your ""Objective log"" tells you so little, you have no idea what your supposed to be doing.-There's a difference between being challenging & just plain unfair. The first boss you face is in a narro room (so you can't doge at all) against a fast enemy, and sometimes the game won't bring up your camera when you click, and sometimes the picture won't hurt the boss.-Die too many times, and the game taunts you, making the game agrivating as you play this empty walking simulator to come back to life, as if the game expects YOU to do better when there's little you can do about it.To conclude, all I can say is that I searched up how to kill the first boss and so many people were saying it's unfair. You either have to change your settings, randomly take pictures just t have a CHANCE to beat it. The ""puzzles"" aren't really puzzles as much as they are just ""Search every nook and cranny"" to figure out what you're supposed to be doing. It feels that the developers tried to make a ""challenging"" game for ""the best of gamers"" but they did so by making it luck that you solve puzzles, and beat bosses, rather than skill."
76561198124971899,Not Recommended,269790,15709469,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,💣 Jihad Rebel,"Pros:+ Can be pretty scary+ Unique puzzles+ Great sound+ Good lightingCons:- Cliche story- Some puzzles can be very frustrating and hard to figure out without outside help- Very slow gameplay, with not much happening 1/3rd of the game- Pretty buggy- Some scenes feel like they tried to hard to be scary"
76561198207700255,Recommended,269790,17616121,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,survivalzombie524,my game no respon
,Recommended,269790,31056303,Posted: 10 April,all,ShadowsKnight,liat aja playtime gw deh... dari situ udah jelas gimana nih game.lebih serem dibanding jadi jones jir .... :V*Ngumpulin nyali dulu
76561198003019611,Not Recommended,269790,33500468,Posted: 13 July,all,Batt Momar,"Backed this game because I loved the idea of it. Couldn't play it for ages due to alck of a computer but having played it now I honestly can't recommend this game.It's an alright horror story, not too shabby, but nothing revolutionary and I would thoroughly enjoy the game if it weren't for the awkwardness of the game mechanics and the tendancy for boss fights to be difficult not because of them being challenging but because of the clunkiness of the combat system and in some cases the lack of any real indication as to what you're supposed to do to beat some bosses.I wanted to love this game but it really hasn't hit home for me. Still excellent for an indie developer and I look forward to seeing what you do in the future."
,Recommended,269790,33737110,Posted: 22 July,all,Amy Febryan,Gamenya bagus dan seru. Tapi grafisnya itu yang kurang.
,Recommended,269790,34355271,Posted: 19 August,all,abandoned,good game made in indonesia
,Recommended,269790,35323266,Posted: 29 September,all,Muse,ghost buster!
,Recommended,269790,26623653,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dronezilla,This game is delightfully cheesy and a lot of fun.
,Recommended,269790,23938557,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GamerCookie,Fatal Frame sevenler icin ilac gibi bir oyun
,Recommended,269790,34457316,Posted: 24 August,all,zainulakmal18,"Nice games, proud of indonesian state"
76561197979593595,Not Recommended,269790,34234389,Posted: 14 August,all,RP: King Cali,"Gameplay: It's budget fatal frame. You explore a haunted village and use your camera to defeat ghosts. There aren't a ton of enemies, and it's mostly boss encounters, or one offs. It's not great gameplay wise, things just don't feel right.Presentation: The graphics are really mediocre. The supporting cast especially are terribly animated. There are a few jump scares but over all the horror element is lacking outside of some really great ghost designs. It's pretty buggy as well, with choppy framerate, and a lot of puzzle solutions requiring incredibly precise inputs to complete.Difficulty: This is where DreadOut really fails. A lot of the bosses, especially the first one, the Scissor Phantom are needlessly difficult. A lot of them are really frustrating, and in conjunction with the bugs, makes the game an absolute chore to get through.Length: It's short, at just over 3 and a half hours. There are some extra endings and optional hidden encounters if you liked the game.Final: Not Rcommended, play Fatal Frame, or another horror game instead."
,Not Recommended,269790,18802109,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Audish,"Why, God? Why did you give us an indie Fatal Frame built on Indonesian lore and set in an abandoned town in the mountains and make it bad? Why did it fail to have interesting areas or a compelling story or enemies that weren't annoying as all hell? What did we do to deserve such intense disappointment?I seriously doubt He's going to answer those questions, so let's at least talk about how this happened. DreadOut is indeed an indie loveletter to the Fatal Frame series, a series that really should inspire more imitators. You play Linda, a strangely silent Inodnesian high school student on a trip with her teacher, best friend, and a few other people you will cease caring about almost immediately. They happen across an abandoned town up in the mountains, and like good little horror protagonists, wander into the school and get trapped. There's something off about Linda's BFF, and some early signs that the town was into weird rituals or whatever, but there's no big hook like Silent Hills or Fatal Frames have. You're just trying to get out of the school, so ostensibly the only great revelation in your future is where the janitor's keyring ended up.The ghosts in your way aren't going to hold your attention either, and that's a real shame considering how rare and interesting Indonesian horror is. The first three you'll meet are a giant invincible pig, a bleached version of Sadako from The Ring, and a harmless businessman with a super wobbly head. Albino girl's the only one you can fight, and even as the first real enemy she's annoying as hell. Linda battles by taking pics with her cellphone camera, and to beat this one you have to photograph her four times until she disappears, find her again within like 3 seconds, and photograph the gaping wound in her back. She can, of course, phase through walls, so even if you know what you're doing it can take forever. Also, I played for an hour and she was the only defeatable enemy I encountered. Really, game?There are moments of brilliance to the atmosphere, but they're lost amidst a sea of tedium. Most of the classrooms in the spooky school are empty or look pretty normal. There are two that have the chairs set in odd ways, and one of those gets a cool audio cue that gave me a little shiver. One thing really hurting the exploration is the aura you get signalling an item. When you get within like 20 feet of something you can examine, the edges of your screen turn blue, and get bluer as you get closer. There are no exceptions to this, so there's no reason not to charge down the halls and through the rooms at full speed until you get that cue. You also won't be finding healing items, weapons, ammo, or anything of interest other than plot items and files.That's really the heart of DreadOut's problem, there's just not enough to do. Not enough ghosts, not enough items, not enough points of interest, not enough reasons to push forward. It's a depressingly thin game that has all the foundations of a great horror experience, just with nothing built upon them. Well, that's not entirely true. The game is ugly as hell. Everything is in muddy drabs, textures are stretched beyond recognition, and environmental details are rendered with 90s polygon budgets. If they were trying to fully imitate the PS2 classics, they got pretty close with the graphics, at least. It also has the ignoble distinction of being the only game where the How to Play menu option is essential, because there is no tutorial and literally nothing about how the game works is explained anywhere in the actual gameplay.I wish there was a single reason to recommend DreadOut, but there isn't. No part of it is fleshed out into anything worth your time. You might as well just play the demo, which suffers the same problems but is short and mysterious enough to minimize them, and then assume the full game got lost in development hell. In a way, I guess it did."
76561198041969771,Recommended,269790,12482307,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,kermax96,Made me crawl into the fetal position and cry10/10
,Recommended,269790,16483745,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,/feg/ off,biasa aja
,Not Recommended,269790,10384550,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Legna,"Overall Rating 5.5 of 10Gameplay  1 of 5Gameplay is so simple and easy. Newbie gamer is welcome. But, if you veteran gamer, this game to easy to beat up by youGraphic 2.5 of 5Overal is okay. Even you can find this kind of graphic since PS2 (2000)Plot & Story 0.5 of 5Story of this game isn't original. It just like combine Fatal Frame (From PS2 2001) + Silent Hill  (From PS 1999) so you can say this is so plagiarismEaster egg, Trick, Secret 1.5 of 5This game have enough secret and easter egg. But, again that secret is just to easy to found even by newbie player nothing specialMusic & Sound 4.5 of 5This is the only variable I love. Thanks to awesome music so you can feel the horror aura nicely. They even adding the famous Gloomy sunday as part of the gameConclusionThis game is too expensive. Developer said you can get the Act (stage) 2 as free DLC. But, again we only get 1 stage for now  for $14.99"
76561198255897677,Not Recommended,269790,26208966,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,calkubo,"More like GlitchOutSo, a ghost catching game ala Fatal Frame, and it's cheap. Let's give it a try.- First of all, I needed to reduce the mouse sensitivity to like 1/5 of the bar because it was nearly unplayable as it was (more about this later).- I don't know what version of the game is the one shown on the trailers, but my game didn't look like that at all, and I had all the settings in Fantastic. The game doesn't look very good but I can deal witht that.- It IS very dark though, so I had to adjust brightness bar almost to the max because, with he game's suggested settings, it was almost impossible to see things during the night sequence in Act 1.- The game isn't very clear with your objectives and it lacks a map. I was stuck in Act 0's puzzle because I didn't realize (nor the game even hinted at) that you had to backtrack and defeat enemies that had appeared without any sign in order to advance.- There are tons of missable things in Act 1 even before you start the ""main"" game. Again, how are you supposed to guess you have to backtrack aaaaaaaaall the way back through town in order to get the stuff.- The Scissor enemy was pretty difficult because every time I was hit and dropped from camera mode I wasn't able to see my character, therefore I didn't know when I was actually in control again and was able to pull my camera. I had to resort to right clicking constantly which made my character drop the camera as soon as she pull it out, and the enemy comboing me to dead. The solution? Don't get hit once.- Oh a wall of insects blocked my path? I guess I need to find another way, right? Nope, you have to enter it because logic.Again, many times you have to do things that the game never hinted at and make little sense. But again, I can deal with that. If I'm stuck, I just check a guide. Something I hate doing, but at least it's a problem that can be solved. What I couldn't deal with was the numeroues glitches and bugs I encountered. Many times they were gamebreaking and apparnetly they are very frequent and numerous.So, here's the glitches and issues I encountered during my playthrough (spoilers)Act 1- Outside school at night, while going for the ""Attack on Titan"" achievement decided to quit the game to make some changes to the Graphic settings. Load the game again and I'm greeted with the dark sky and no earth, or character, or anything else at all. I have some camera movility but that's all. It´s all almost black. Quit to the title screen, load it again, and once again, blackness. Needed to close the application and launch it again for it to be fixed. Great.- Inside the school, exploring the hallways after defeating the boar ghost I enter a bathroom and the red vinnete appears, I'm expecting something to come out from one of the toilets but nothing happened. When I'm about to exit the bathroom the pig ghost suddenly rams me against the wall and he pretty muchs stays there, I'm stuck inside the enemy taking damage untill I'm dead.When I respawn at the school entrance and head to the hallway, the pig ghost is still in the running animation, but now in a different door. I can't pass because he pushes me, and I can't kill it either because its head is inside the room, therefore I can't damage it. I decided to let him be and continue the exploring, guessing he'll dissappear eventually.I do pretty much everything I can until I'm stuck, turns out I HAVE to enter the room the pig ghost is blocking. I go back to the hall way and the ♥♥♥♥ing thing is still there! It´s been like 20 minutes. Exit to the title screen, load the file, lo and behold, ♥♥♥♥ing pig is still there. Once again I needed to close the application and launch it again. MarvelousAct 2- I don't know what the hell happened during the transition between games, but oh boy did they ♥♥♥♥ up with this one.The problems I immediately noticed:First:In the very first screen I noticed that my mouse sensitivity sky rocketted, I can't explore my surroundings because the camera almost makes a 360° turn with a simple movement.I assumed that I had to adjust the settings again, but upon checking them they are still the same as they had been for the rest of the game. I assumed closing the game might do the trick once more (it´s not a good thing when your the first thing that comes to mind to fix your problems is turn off the thing and restart it) but nope, not this time. Friggin mouse is still on crack. I created a new file, still not fixed.Now, I can´t actually move the bar all the way to the left because that makes it almost impossible to move the camera at all, funny how it goes from fast to snail pace with almost no modification. I decide to move it all the way I could and kept going.Second:The framerate is horrible, it constantly drops and keeps freezing. It´s much worse when actually using the phone camera, it just skips frames and jumps from once place to another. The first part where I´m attacked by a bunch of imps is almost unplayable. Good thing that you´re supposed to ""be killed"" in that scene because if I actually had to deal with them I wouldn't have been able to continue, ever.OK, so we got two big problems:- Oversensitive mouse- Horrible framerate (worst when you enter camera mode)I'll call this combo ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥from now on. Decided to keep going- The very first enemy you encounter is a chase sequence, in which I kept dying over and over, he always gets to you no matter what, and I can't stress this enough, but it's nearly impossible to control your character because of ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ really, when you can't even run properly you know it's bad. I needed to check a video online to see the path to take (since there are dead ends because ♥♥♥♥ you). It took me like 4-5 tries even when I knew what I was supposed to do. It didn't help that every time I started again the camera was pointing at the enemy and not where you're supposed to go. This was an issue in the second chase sequence (because we all loved the first one, didn't we?) But at least I didn't have to make sharp turns on that one- The giant boss you fight shortly after is, once again, unplayable due to ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ It doesn't help that it has a ramming attack which leaves me pinned taking continuos damages (much like what happened with the pig ghost). I checked a guide and it says that it only has two attacks: a swipe, and throwing stuff at you. But nope, the thing leaps and rams you, and if I'm hit by it once, well, you're pretty much dead. I can't evade it nor I can take a picture fast enough before getting rammed due to ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥This is where I gave up, if I'm only starting Act 2 and it's giving me so much trouble already, I really don't feel like going on since I'm not a masochist.-----------All in all, no matter how much I want to like this game, the sole fact that it has so many gamebreaking glitches and apparently wasn't tested properly makes it impossible to reccomend.2.5/5Average game brought down by numerous glitches and issues"
76561198031060024,Not Recommended,269790,12293785,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Distracted Distraction,"Sorry, but I quit. This feels like playing tabletop Call of Cthulu with a pissy DM.You were doing everything right. Things were quiet, voice acting was fairly good, things were weird and there was an air of danger....And then it took a nosedive.The game creates a nice, creepy atmosphere and the use of mythical creatures and spirits is nice....but so far those are the only possitive points I've found. The sound is......alright, if sometimes more grating than tense.I understand that combat, of any sort, should be a last possible option in any survival horror game. It's not scary if you can just shoot an enemy or whack them with something heavy until they resemble a fine red mist. I get that. However, you need other options if that is the case. Either running away, or at least enough of a combat mechanic not to die every time something scary pops out.Now, I'm not saying the basic enemies are difficult or anything. Not that I have much experience beyond what you meet in the school. Though even with those, hit detection feels buggy. My problem is the boss in the school. It's been quite a while since I've encountered such an amazingly unfair fight.First of all, it relies on quickly bringing up your camera. This would be fine, if Linda understood the concept of urgency. If you're moving even a tiny bit, she won't raise the damn phone when you hit the button. Or it might be because she has to face the direction the camera is in, which is also terrible as a mechanic in a fight that requires quick reactions. Early on this is not an issue, but the boss only gets faster and 'barely in time' soon becomes 'raise the phone when I tell you to, you bint!'This would not be a problem, if there was room to dodge. Nope. The boss can hit you no matter how hard you hug the wall as you try to run by. And you have try to pass the boss because, guess what, if it corners you there is no way to get out of that. Considering the fight is in a very tiny room with an invisible wall in the corner thanks to the desk, this is just not fair. Especially considering you litterally have a boss who vanishes after taking a hit an can move through walls. Oh, and did I mention a single hit stunlocks you? If you get hit, prepare to eat at least 1 one more attack or even 2 if you're in a bad spot. That's not so bad, until the boss suddenly goes all Sonic the Hedgehog on you and its speed doubles. You can't run from that and odds are you'll be looking in the wrong direction when it comes out of the wall.Which brings me to the next issue. Linda is so damned slow. I understand certain items make her faster, but bloody hell. I get it. The place is dark, scary and there are dangerous beings roaming around. I wouldn't practice free running there either, but pick up the pace a little would ya? Even her sprinting speed would cause obese kids to point and laugh.All of this just made me feel like dying was not my fault, and I shouldn't feel that way. When I die, it should be because I ♥♥♥♥ed up or wasn't doing the right thing. It should not be because passing the boss without getting hit requires divine intervention and a particularly large rabbit's foot. I'm not asking for matrix reflexes and an arena to fight in, but I am asking for a character with more of a sense of urgency and more space than a bloody walk in closet to fight the hyperactive evil spirit.What finally made me quit, though, was the punishment for death. Guys, one of the most important things in gaming is being able to quickly return after dying. Making it take longer and longer each time you die is not an effective punishment. I have tried everything I could think of. I stood in the center and spun around. I died. I huddled in a corner and waited. The boss came through the wall right next to me, stunlocked me and I died. I hugged the contours of the room and ran in circles, hoping to put enough distance between Linda's slow♥♥♥♥♥and the enemy to raise the camera in time. Guess what, I died. And each time I woke up in limbo and had to walk further and further before I could come back to life.That did not make me think 'Darn. Well, I deserve this. At least I know what to do now.' Instead it made me judge the mind numbingly long and boring walk and think 'You know what? No. I'm not walking all the way over there to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked again.'I wanted to like this game, I really did. I still want to know what was going on, but the gameplay is not worth learning what happens in the story."
,Not Recommended,269790,33617841,Posted: 17 July,all,Haunted Toof,"I REALLY wanted to like this as I am a huge fan of the Fatal Frame series.... at first I was lik ooooOOOooO, a Fatal Frame inspired game, sure why not! What a let down. I tried to enjoy this but I just couldn't T.TFirst off, the graphics are so outdated and pretty cruddy... the voice acting is god awful. It's just verrrrry low budget. Okay I can deal with that, I didn't think It was ever going to match up with FF but the game itself is TOO glitchy, practically unplayable. I had to start over twice and I still can't get even halfway through it without it glitching out and screwing up my entire save.Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥guys and then maybe the game will be 5/10."
,Not Recommended,269790,14508796,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fate,"Sooo, the main bady is the spirit of a witch who wants to do........something. In order to do that she has to do..........something. And your charachters past is imortant because of.......something. In the end the Witch wins by doing............something......Seriously, this game sets up the story and then never explains it. You keep getting referrences to the main characters past yet never get an explanation as to why. It seems like the villain is killing your friends to get to you specifically, yet it never explains why. All rounded out in a pretty typical ""you don't know why but isn't this creepy?"" ending.There is some good imagery and the ghosts themselves look great. But, that only makes the bad environment in areas stand out even more. The controls are also incredibly frustrating and blocky.Stay away from this one."
,Not Recommended,269790,23010924,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Showboat,"Good concept, bad game. Literally broken. Won't load save files, crashes randomly, controls are weak, etc. I could go on but you get the point. This game isn't worth your time and it certainly isn't worth $15."
,Not Recommended,269790,13865652,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SixUK90,"Initially, this game was pretty scary. I had to change my underwear more than once in the first few minutes. Then it got annoying... There didn't seem to be a way to prevent the ghost coming at you, either by attacking it or running away. And don't even get me started on that damn cockroach!!I hear the cockroach is a glitch, but I got it on my first playthrough and it completely ruined the entire thing for me. If that thing starts buzzing at you, just quit and try again another day!"
,Recommended,269790,15330975,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,twitch.tv/AnimeFigureArts,"A Must-Buy Game for Horror Mania. Game is pretty similar to Fatal Frame. Also, It really nice Linux support as well!"
,Not Recommended,269790,19549664,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,"What an ugly piece of garbage. Horrible graphics, boring plot and total lack of interactivity. All enemies are the same - you make the photos and they're gone. Plot is a classic ghost cliché about some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s lost in abandoned town. Game mechanics is so horrible that I can't beat the first boss (I am the man who beats AVGN Adventures or RE4 on professional for example). Soundtrack is just some ambient loop that goes on and on and on. The main character is may be naturally dumb because she don't talk all the time. Voice acting is awfully silly. It's like some students on high want to do some overacting. ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. I really tried to give it a chance but no. This game is not worth your money, your time and your skills. Game is too overrated by community, I mean TOO ♥♥♥♥ING OVERRATED.Assh0l3s like PewDiePie and other screaming idiots may like it.P.S. The only creepy part of the game is the textures because they looks like textures from PS2 games."
,Not Recommended,269790,18700078,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mr.Jackpots,On one hand DreadOut offers some genuinely creepy and intense sequences.It's also set in a fairly original background of indonesian folklore(now there's something you don't see everyday in this genre!)On the other hand for every well crafted scare Dreadout has about 10 poorly designed gameplay sections filled to the brim with egregious amount of bugs.The voice acting&sound design/score are serviceable but the script is♥♥♥♥♥♥and graphics leave alot to be desired considering how poorly optimized it is.Clocking in at about 5-6 hours you'll have more frustration then enjoyment from this interesting but ultimately deeply flawed horror experience.
,Not Recommended,269790,26367722,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,✠ Caturix ✠,"The game is seriously overhyped and you should definetly play the demo before buying.A good horror-game needs good graphics and smooth gameplay. This game doesn't have both.You may or may not argue about the graphics but at the end of the day the gameplay just sucks.Maybe their new games will be better. Smoother gameplay would be nice. Maybe better textures.If you don't have high standards for horror games like I do, go for it."
,Recommended,269790,14805133,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,blogsg1,stupid scissor ghost!!! i hate you!!
,Not Recommended,269790,18405782,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,666Bear666,garbage game
76561197994874265,Recommended,269790,31023705,Posted: 8 April,all,mousrcr,"Brilliantly executed survival horror game.  Although the story is short, the atmosphere more than makes up for it.  Have not played a game that draws you in this much in a long while.It kept me on the edge of my seat for the whole experience and from time to time made genuinely scared.Would highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,269790,18940780,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Meteor Jack,"If you hate yourself, get this game."
,Recommended,269790,26570531,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,old chicken,DreadOut是一个第三人的心理生存恐怖游戏，使用类似于那些在Fatal Frame系列中找到的机械，与现代的扭曲。玩家角色，琳达，使用现代的小工具，如她的智能手机和数码相机，与各种印尼神话鬼相互作用（或抵御），帮助她解决各种谜题在一个荒凉的城市。当琳达在比赛中死亡时，她在梦露中醒来，被描绘成黑暗，周围是蜡烛，远处有一道亮光。通过跑向光，琳达会回来生活[但是，随后的死亡将推动光进一步远离林达，除非她设法找到三个神秘的项目，以保持光接近她。该游戏具有第三和第一人称控制方案，与玩家导航环境与标准的过肩的观点。如果玩家决定使用他们的数码相机拍摄东西，他们进入第一人称视角通过Linda的配备的相机。任何以任何方式拍摄或互动的鬼都会记录在Linda的笔记本中的“Ghostpedia”中。琳达也可以找到描述游戏的背景故事的文章和日志条目。最近的预览视频显示了游戏的平板版本，玩家通过触摸屏控制Linda
,Recommended,269790,24769638,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,King Murdoc Lord of the squishy,This Game Was Awesome! I wish I could find more games like this that aren't fatal frame.
76561198076598462,Recommended,269790,24027564,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tri Paloski,"One of the best horror games of all time, highly recommended.Creepy as hell, a few jump scares and very creative. The grapics are not that good however the atmosphere more than makes up for it believe me.I love the story and I was extremely excited when dreadout keepers of the dark came out as a  2nd standalone game.If you can handel the scares, buy it to support the development them and to lose yourself in the world of linda for a little while.There is huge potential. This could be one of the greatest horror games of all time.I'd give it 9/10"
,Not Recommended,269790,16545985,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sexykins,"Pros:+ Decent graphics for a non-AAA game.Cons:- Not very gripping. I didn't play very long, but what I did play really didn't make me feel like playing further.- Lack of direction. I spent half the time just walking around trying to find where to go.- Extremely slow pace, without much tension. Really wasn't scary. Generally horror games like this start off slowly to try and build the tension, but I didn't find it very frightening so it fell a little flat.- Voice acting is rather irritating.Personally, I just found the game to be unimpressive and unengaging. If you're a hardcore horror fan, you'll probably enjoy this a lot more than I did. In my opinion, you're better off spending your money on Outlast."
,Not Recommended,269790,19725202,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,kosmos1209,"Overall:Game that delivers on the horror front, but fails everywhere else.  I can't recommend this to anyone but someone who loves the horror genre that has absolutely played every other horror games.  It's too bad, because it absolutely nails the horror, and I can see it had a lot of potential and good ideas on the horror.The Good:- Scare factor.  The atmosphere feels creepy and unsettling at all times, and there are also jump scares on top of this.  Even if you expect a scare, the thing that you see and experience is so unsettling, it will give you the heebe geebees.- Ambient music fits in nicely with the unsettling atmosphere.- Sound effects and sound design come from accurate places that aids you in discovering the ghosts and other weird things.The Bad:- Gameplay feels clunky.  You basically shoot ghosts to death ala Fatal Frame with your camera.  The game design seems solid, but the terrible animation combined simplistic AI that beelines straight towards you at all times doesn't feel exciting at all.- Level design is bland.  Lots of empty rooms and empty hallways.  This causes you to run around for a long time with almost no action in between.- Item discovery is barely passing.  The game draws a blue halo around the item you can interact with.  It's really hard to see which items are interactable.  I randomly clicked around whenever the blue halo came up seeing if I can hit something.- Animation is barely passing, and characters float around.  I'm talking human characters, not the ghosts.- Graphical assets.  Textures are worse than games from 1998, and polygon counts are low other than some human characters.  I'm sure they could've purchased better looking stuff from Unity store.- B-level dialog and story.  I enjoy cheesy stories, but this was too much."
,Not Recommended,269790,19638051,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Evasion Snake,"Buggy, not very well rendered textures, and very confusing gameplay.Not a good sign if I have to check a detailed guide just to figure out how to progress the story.Fun idea, just wish it was much more polished."
,Recommended,269790,22923153,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,TabooOlive,Didn't know you can kill ghosts with a camera and I still don't know WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ I'M DOING.10/10 would kill Ghosts with selfies over and over again
,Recommended,269790,33032629,Posted: 30 June,all,fjriwang,best horror game !
,Recommended,269790,27748941,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡UKIUKIUKI,Wellplayed !
76561198059049649,Not Recommended,269790,21445627,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Here's Johnny,"I was initially very excited for this game, but once the game started it was clear that I was mistaken. You are plopped in the middle of an abandoned building with no way to interact with anything besides an iphone you find shortly after. I would have been able to forgive the lack of interaction, if the graphics were anything above subpar. You are forced to move through different routes with nothing worth seeing or exploring if you do end up taking the time to check every room and alley. The sense of fear soon faded once I came in contact with the first ghost and realized she would just follow me around and couldnt atually ""kill"" me, just scream and send me to a dark tunnel. With no fear of death, and no fear from amazing graphically terrifying ghosts, this game ended in dissapointment. Would not waste the 15 bucks"
,Not Recommended,269790,21603210,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"One of the worst horror games I have ever had the displeasure of playing. I knew the second I snapped a picture of a ghost riding a motorcycle that DreadOut wasn't for me. Foolishly enough I trudged on to its conclusion and was left even more confused as to what I had just experienced. Some of the ghost designs are unsettling and others are downright laughable. Overall there is no dread to be found in this game, almost like they ran out of dread before they started working on it.A peculiar journey, but a far cry from anything enjoyable.3/10"
,Recommended,269790,25004002,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Rhinestone Cowboy,Crimson Butterfly nostalgia
76561198218269271,Not Recommended,269790,24835758,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,hilltoppot,Brought this game recently on sale and cant get off main menu screen just loads and loads after 20 minutes closed out tried again samething..  Might be good game to bad i wont seem to find out.
,Recommended,269790,28156854,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ScarLight,Got lost and had to look up a walkthrough.
,Recommended,269790,21010132,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,shadowlomo,Bully simulator 2015 (ye this review was posted this year)ProsIts like Fatal Frame (Project Zero)Easter eggsAttack on titan easter eggConsTextures
,Not Recommended,269790,16487735,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Big ZK,Zzzzzzzzzz........ boooorrring......
,Not Recommended,269790,16483804,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cute Nabi,"This game is very bad. The ""puzzles"" are just you roaming around trying to stumble upon and item or whatever you need to advance. Enemies that can vanish/reappear will consistently do so on top of your body with no way to defend yourself. Everything is just way more vague than it needs to be. The control scheme is comparable to Silent Hill 1 for the PS1. About 15 years outdated and stiff/awkward.I hear it gets better when you reach Act 2. I played for 2 hours and 20 minutes but I couldn't reach Act 2 before realizing it wasn't really worth it. If you can make it and it's actually worth it, I applaud you.Might be a fun game to play with friends around to just make jokes and laugh about it. That's all I can see it have going for it."
,Not Recommended,269790,16006556,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Jack,"This game is horrible, I mean just terrible. If you like torturing yourself then by all means play it. Honestly it's one of the worst games I've played in my life. It's not fun. I have to repeat that... It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It just pisses you off. The puzzles make almost no sense, and on top of that, the game makes no sense. You're supposed to figure out how to defeat ""bosses"" but then you die a bunch of times just trying to figure it out. And every time you die the game punishes you by making you go through this ""limbo"" thing which keeps getting longer and longer the more times you die. It is so dumb. Don't play it. Don't play it. Don't play it.Basically, to sum up this review, I hate this game."
,Not Recommended,269790,14721355,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Paynamia,"I would love to recommed this game. To do that, however, I would have to consider it playable. The slow response time makes it not so. In most games, this wouldn't be a big deal. In this game, however, it is. This makes itself apparent to me during the scissor phantom battle. Beyond the first four hits, it becomes near impossible. The best I've been able to do in this situation is two more hits. At that point, if the ghost appears behind Linda, it might as well be over. Others have recommended quickly running across the room and photographing the ghost. Two issues have always prevented that. First, the game often fails to respond, meaning the camera never comes up at all. Second, the 'weak point' doesn't appear. I have no explanation for why that happens, it just basically doesn't work. At this point, I've given up. I've tried over and over, and at this point, I feel like it's not worth the money."
,Recommended,269790,17638618,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,OxNEOxO,"Damn... I hate jump scare kind of games.... I bought this on sale knowing I wont be able to get pass act 0... After seeing the ghost lady coming towards in the beginning I cloesed the game... Yet I enjoy this kind of game but, hate it!  XDI would recommend this game just to scare yourself."
,Recommended,269790,34664780,Posted: 1 September,all,✪ MarksMan,"Worthy,based on experience :)"
,Recommended,269790,34657580,Posted: 1 September,all,Adrian Fernanda,Great indonesia horror game :)
76561197976621746,Not Recommended,269790,31810873,Posted: 17 May,all,G Chronic,verry buggy game ;( it looked cool.but its terrible to play
,Not Recommended,269790,31813393,Posted: 17 May,all,Chronotoki,"If you are interested in the game I would only get it if it's on sale, but it's nothing special. The constant jump scares kind of get boring and you just want to stop playing. :/"
,Not Recommended,269790,10222082,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"I am a fan of indonesian horror as a movie genre, i think it is very special. This game is not so good, definitely not next Fatal Frame. Mainly i didnt like whole atmosphere, kind of boring.And where is severed flying heads? That is a unique feature of indonesian horror ^_^"
76561198005799505,Recommended,269790,18764761,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,potato,everytime i get scared i look at linda's♥♥♥♥♥and big boobies and it makes me feel better already
76561198057614940,Not Recommended,269790,10399590,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Bortz,"F*ck this game. Seriously. What a tease. It's got a good story, amazing atmosphere, great sound design and truly disturbing creatures. It's the closest we've been to an old-school PS2 survival horror game like Fatal Frame in a really long time. There's tons of hidden secrets and stuff to find, making exploration worth your time.BUT THEN.No learning curve. Each time you die (and you're gonna die A LOT) you have to run towards the light in order to come back to life, and each time you're gonna have to run a bigger distance. The enemies are absurdly hard, AND I MEAN *HARD*.Not because this is some Dark Souls sh*t, but because the controls are so frigging clunky you're gonna CRY TEARS OF BLOOD trying to damage them at all.Other times they won't even do what they're programmed to do, making most walkthroughs unreliable. Just because it worked for whoever wrote the walkthrough, it doesn't mean it's gonna be that way for you.I still don't get some of the stuff I've found while playing this. The costumes are supposed to be unlockable content you get once you beat the whole thing, yet I had them all avaliable right from the beginning of my first game.AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THAT BOSS. DEAR GOD.Survival horror is my favorite genre of videogames. I've played dozens of them, don't wanna brag, I'm just saying that I kinda know how to deal with these type of games. Well, this one has broken me. The level of frustration I've endured in just 5 hours of gameplay (and half of that playtime is due to the fact that I had to restart the game several times, because the respawn light was too godd*mn far as I had died too many times) is unmatched by any other title.I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. I still think the atmosphere alone is worth the price. But I just cannot deal with such unpolished, unforgiving, unintuitive mechanics. They really ruin what could have been one of my favorite horror games in recent memory.There's so much wasted potential here I'm actually mad at the developers.What a shame..."
,Not Recommended,269790,17540544,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Henry,i cant recommend this its just boring i would rather watch paint dry the ui is broken doesnt work i tryed changing resolution to 1080p clicked apply nothing happened tryed it several times still nothing the 1st time i ran the game couldent even get past the language selection again nothing happened thats how bad it is the game trys to be scary but its really not nothing new to see here its been done before this really should be a free to play but even then i would still tell you to avoid it like the Plague over and dreadout.
,Not Recommended,269790,24646085,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Shinuzi,"I have never done a review on steam before, never really planned on it until playing thru this game. Hoooooo boy does this game take a nosedive after an intriguing start. The idea was there the entire game, but the lack of polish and attention to detail quickly took me out of the experience in a heartbeat.I knew something was wrong the instant I saw a My Little Pony character in the game; because nothing says true horror like My Little Pony.I am aware that the devs aren't fluent in english, because it shows at times. But that doesn't stop them from going back and fixing things with a bit of grammar.The combat was exceedingly poor and frustrating at times, the hitboxes were not always on point and that made moments that were supposed to be tense just frustrating overall.The very few highlights of this game: A pochong riding a motorcycle, winners don't do drugs (good message, after playing this game I want to partake though).The story is good in theory, but could be clearer. The lack of detail takes away from the overall experience of the game, by making it harder to submerse in the atmosphere and fully understanding what is going on as the game moves along.The biggest issue I have with this game is: The lack of direction; this game feels nearly impossible to play without a guide, the guide I read even mentions bugs that require steps to be taken to acquire achievements or advancements in the story.In closing: Don't buy it, play Fatal Frame. Or buy this if it's on a steam sale for very cheap.The pochong on the motorcycle is the hero of the game, btw."
76561198120240796,Recommended,269790,31399375,Posted: 27 April,all,ANII,great game very scary try it i recommend you
76561198035386752,Not Recommended,269790,23494996,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Volva*,"One of the most horrendous experiences I've had in a long time. Sadly for all the wrong reasons.While I can look past the rather unattractive graphics, odd dialogues, barely comprehensible story and a few other problems, like loading times and jittery camera movement, some people might already be turned off with only one of those.The only redeeming factors are the atmosphere and ghosts/monsters being good.The things I absolutely can not look past though, are the issues with gameplay and game design.If I find myself stumbling around trying to figure out what to do for an hour or more just to discover that its something cryptic, thats not only utterly unrelated to the current objective, yet necessary to do to progress but also something the game fails at giving you any feedback to whatsoever, I can only come to the conclusion that I should stop playing right here.Yet despite that knowledge, I gave it another shot just to be faced with even more questionable design choices, cryptic ""puzzles"" and bad combat.Making me question whether its better to give up hope and be done with things or to not lose hope, just to find out there never was any to begin with.If your looking for an experience like Fatal Frame, you are better off just playing that. If you want to be more frustrated than scared, you found your game right here."
,Not Recommended,269790,28906761,Posted: 1 January,all,Brocavani,"Having a creepy ghost chick screaming at your face is scary at first, but after awhile it just get annoying. The atmosphere is right, but then again you only get jump scare by it. Summing up, stop comparing this to Fatal Frame, it's a nice try, but still theres nothing quite like Tecmo's game."
76561198063034174,Not Recommended,269790,22781824,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mrs. Cancerpants,"This game makes me wanna kill myself.Btw, I did finish the game, and it was boring and annoying, nothing else. Nothing more than a bad Fatal Frame wannabe. One of the worst horror games I have ever played and probably the worst horror game I have paid for. Seriously.You also pay for the demo which means you pay 1/3 more than you are supposed to. Plus the demo was the best part anyway, which is the start of the whole game.Edit: Opinions make people butthurt."
76561198132135433,Recommended,269790,13176773,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Louise Belcher from Bob'sBurgers,"It's about time survival horror took a trip back to, ""originality"". This game has originality in SPADES! I am a 23 year old woman, some of the stuff in this game made ME jump, the solutions are not always out there, or easy to solve, and if you're like me with survival horror titles, than this game is a bit hard to progress through, I keep getting lost, or running around in a circular pattern. To NO avail, have I been able to beat this game! It's like Fatal Frame, and Silent Hill without a walkthrough for me, I mean it is obscure, and the puzzles were out there for me, or maybe it is just because I kept getting lost. Lol Great game, though, like I said, like classic games, either navigation, or obscure puzzles did it for me, and impeded all progression. This one, I have not played in awhile, but if I remember correctly, I kept walking in big circles, or getting stuck. I would STILL recommend this to ANYONE! This game is amazing, I will probably play it again here soon, it takes a long time to start up, story and gameplay I mean, it has a slow start. But once you hit the school, feces hits the fan! This game has some notes from my favorite series, ""Silent Hill"". But this gem is more like, ""Fatal Frame"" which honestly, is my second favorite horror franchise. I may just buy me an, ""I survived All God's Village, and all I got was this stupid shirt!"" shirt. I have a P.T. shirt on now. Anyway, I digress. Buy this game if you love horrors, and getting lost! Joking! You may do better than I did, I just think differently than other people. Buy. This. If. You. Love. HORRORS! You cannot go wrong!"
76561198036918261,Not Recommended,269790,23776376,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheGirlWhoDared,I couldn't play the game because I was stuck on the loading screen. Requested refund after only thirty minutes of owning the game. Wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy.
76561198155979412,Not Recommended,269790,25449119,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Darriot,"I wanted to be freaked out a little (as I sometimes get the urge for a good horror game) so I played Dreadout... Instead, I uninstalled after 1.5 hours.Besides the graphical stuttering, pop-in, and wonky controls, in one and a half hours of gameplay I experienced:1) An ""intro level"" with zero story elements to segue into the actual game, nor any reason for the actual intro level.2) A ghost of an insect to kill as your first enemy. A ghost of a slightly oversized bee.Allow us to take a moment to fathom the strageness of this... Moment over? Okay...3) A little girl (the same age of the girl you control) creepily runs around an cries and runs some more. Great, so more stereotypical ""creepy little girl to scare you"" trope.4) Insert random abuse of the number 666 because every culture in the world knows thats a bad number. And its badness is second only to its overuse in videogames to try to scare the player.5) ""Creepy little girl"" turns into evil pregnant ghost girl to fight.I sense a another plot point coming soon... I didn't play enough to see this plot point develop, but my spidy sense is tingling here.6a) Okay, so, ""Creepy little girl"" and ""pregnant ghost girl"" combine for their super-trope-abusing attack! ... Moving on.7) Aaaand now I'm dead. No seriously, dead. I have to walk a bit on a bright white path to get alive again. Aparently this is a thing. I know this because the menu has a ""how to play"" section artfully depicting the main character walking to become alive again...7a) This ""how to play"" section shows a lack of conveyance in the game design. Something that game designers should learn. You want to see conveyanvce in action, the intro stage of Megaman X teaches you every thing you need to know without a menu screen and panels of text.7b) Walking in a horror game is wonderful when done right. It can work wonders for building tension when done correctly. But snotty and repulsive and downright aggravating when done wrong. This game does walking wrong, time and time again.8) And now I'm alive again and... The trope centeral station train has left the track... It was all a dream maybe... or maybe it was just a random level to get players in the mood of a scaaaary game. I rolled my eyes so hard, I think I tore my corneas.9) Aaaaand now were exploring an abandoned town. Why? Because we're kids on a highschool trip aparently. And because our chaperone is a complete moron who doesn't deserve the minimum wage she's getting paid.10) And now I realize I'm a silent protagonist who doesn't talk when her best friend is talking to her. But she breathes. I know she breathes because the run speed (which is only slightly faster than my walk speed) causes her to respirate loudly into whatever mic she's wearing.11) Also, here's that walking complaint again. I walked through that darn abandoned town for like 10 minutes. No development. Just badly rendered ghost town straight out of the stock assets of a bad indy game. Shame.11b) Again, if the developer tries to create tension by making me control the main character through a stupid environment for ten minutes with no development... then they really need to revist some classic scary movies. Just to get an idea of how horror works, how terror works and the difference between the two. Failbot.12) Aaaaand now it's nightime and I'm hanging with my best friend on a bench outside an abandoned school while my other classmates have checked out the environs... Being a silent protagonist, I can only imagine how riveting that conversation must have been.12a) Someone's lost in the school, aaaaand now I'm facing a giant boar with a human face who's only damaged by me taking pictures of it with my camera...I'm done.I'm just done.Uninstalled.I'm going back to knitting. At least it's more engaging than this game."
,Recommended,269790,16424551,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The FATE of Desember Graduations,"My review? hmmmPros:1. Discount almost half price from real game price (for game+dlc)2. Cute and lovely Linda Melinda (with dlc it make her more awesome!)3. Instalovers, almost all about ghost on her account (put it like #ghost #kuntilanak #etc)4. Selfie when i see any mirror, irisphone too awesome!5. Funny advertisement, funny environment. the real Indonesia xDCons:1. i don't know2. what the hell is wrong with this game10/10 worth every penny :D"
76561198311662392,Not Recommended,269790,32812609,Posted: 26 June,all,TASlaughtercult,"Although it is scary,i dont like the ''save'' mechanic,cause if you stuck at a difficult fight,well pretty much you are stuck forever,unless you want to spend hours on deafeating 1 enemy"
,Not Recommended,269790,34429395,Posted: 22 August,all,JF,npc walked like they're buggedsuper slow motion. (and walking in the same path)
76561198268407347,Not Recommended,269790,24069459,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ITORIFFIC,"It's a lot of fun if you enjoy game breaking glitches, bugs and overall poor execution in regards to hinting what youre suppose to do next. I don't know what game the people who reviewed this as positive were playing, but it wasn't DreadOut.I've never played a game where I was forced to use a guide almost immedietly. The ghosts you fight, while typically well designed, often offer no clue as to how do defeat them. (hint: There are weak spots)There are items you can collect that claim to upgrade abilities, but... I never once found use for them.But the worst is the game breaking bugs.. And there are A LOT of them. I ran into one at the end of Act 2. Every time I loaded it teleports me to a black abyss where the character model does some kind of freaky dance. It's actually quite hilarous.If you can make it thru the game without seeing any noticible glitches you are in a vast minority. I cannot recommend a game that is obviously broken and unfinished."
,Not Recommended,269790,23865323,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,#P4ZUM4#$,Useless♥♥♥♥♥♥game with fps dropsMoney for nothing..♥♥♥♥in fix the problem stupid company
76561198356339743,Recommended,269790,31295322,Posted: 22 April,all,IND.PaTTiMoorA,best horror game
76561198293178548,Not Recommended,269790,29107711,Posted: 7 January,all,ForNow1,Omg ... this one of the poorest games I've played.  Though there is something there interesting about it ... it just bores me with its constant lurking around in the dark with a unlighted cell phone light.  It takes me too long too figure things out as well as too long to get past ghost.  If you die it constantly thanks you for purchasing the product and also recommends you raid a break because you were playing too long.  It's a real turn off.
76561198052192990,Not Recommended,269790,19992404,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TeaRofFeaR,not fun or scary
76561198106911746,Recommended,269790,33952227,Posted: 1 August,all,p@rz0,Great game ! Linda is very cute and sexy :-3 :-)
76561198109566334,Not Recommended,269790,32849139,Posted: 27 June,all,???,"Keep stuck at starter,fix pls,cannot play"
76561198123671337,Not Recommended,269790,16228968,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,YuleMoon,"I'm going to be completley honest here, I wanted to like this game so bad.GraphicsWhen I first got into the game I could tell right from there that the graphics were dated extremley. Hair, grass, you name it, clips into anything. The walking animation for other characters are so robotic and unantural, for a game that was only made last year it looks as if it was made in the middle of the PS2 era at best. And by god the facial animations.GameplayThe gameplay is ""okay"" in not the best way. The whole gimick of the game is to fight back against the ghost using the camera by.... taking pictures? At least fatal frame explained this a little a lot but DreadOut has no explanation on how this can fight back against ghost. Controls are clunky and unresponsive and I had tried so hard to fix a bug where everytime I took a picture, it would almost crash and my fps would go to 10, but to no avail. The ghost are probaly the best part of the game even though there were not enough. I thought they were very creative and tie in to indonesian folklore. Some are a bit stupid though.Story (No Spoilers)I found the story so so so cliche. The characters were just things to die and were so bland. They were like your cliche horror movie characters, The ""spoiled girl thats high maintenance"", the ""I'm a tough guy jock"", and so on. The dialouge was laughable a points but it was expected. The only character I liked was Linda which is our main protaganist, she seemed pretty tough and determined to get out of this hell on earth. The actual story was also no existent, you're in a school with ghost in it, now get out... okay?ConclusionAll in all this game was ""bleh"" and way to short for $15 I requested a refund and happily got my money back. Please if you played this game and did not like it then request a refund because its worth it. I had to quit and watch a walkthrough of the game because it crashed to often (I have windows) just so I can view the crappy story and the rest of the game.Rating4.5/10"
76561198128755657,Not Recommended,269790,15118316,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,tris1234,"I googled good ""scary"" games to play and this one made it onto a list. I read a few positive reviews on steam and figured I'd give the game a shot. After about 10 of minutes playing I wished I could get a refund. I didn't enjoy the game mechanics, she defends herself with a camera phone, and when you die you end up in a purgatory and have to walk towards a light for a few minutes (what a waste of time). It isn't at all what I expected it to be from some of the other reviews I had read."
,Not Recommended,269790,23818625,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Laevos,Ghosts cheat and don't die. Probably the scariest part is how frequently everything will start glitching out and not responding to controls/inputs like it's supposed to. :c
76561198079423636,Not Recommended,269790,16536721,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,jayspencer107,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR MAC. IT CRASHES EVERY TIME YOU TRY TO LOAD A SAVED GAME.
76561198145861796,Recommended,269790,23987890,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Calu,this game is scary than my ex gf
,Not Recommended,269790,11974636,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Elkinda,"Horrible puzzles, Horrible Combat, Horrible Textures, Horrible Environment (spooky school ooooooooooo), Uninteresting Enimes, Horrible voice acting, characters don't exist, Cheap deaths."
76561198082148069,Not Recommended,269790,10489259,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Myself9,"Update after playing act 2 for a bit:Boss fights destroy what could have been one of the best survival horror games to come out in the last decade.Everything else is SOOOO right.No matter how much I want to like this game, I can't."
,Not Recommended,269790,29979385,Posted: 17 February,all,Mesh,"Really wanted to give this Indonesian Horror game a try, but those horrible bugs are ruinning my progression in the story and not to say those horrible game-control mechanism. Holly crap, try playing this game with a gamepad/controller, you would die! Fix those bugs and also control-scheme."
76561198065466434,Not Recommended,269790,14493125,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dota made me poor,"Extremely disappointing. Nauseatingly bad controls, graphics that look like PS2 graphics, and cheap jump scares. I was truly excited for this game but it just didn't come through for me."
,Not Recommended,269790,13558202,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MrNinjapony,"I could not finish it without having a guide up 80% of the time. The direction you're supposed to go is so vague that it will have you looking at every possible corner with your phone camera out, or walking around slamming the use key in hopes that something will happen- this is most of the game for me. The jump scares were really good, the atmosphere was good the first time around (before the music starts looping and you can't figure out where to go), the monster/ghost designs were awesome, but the ♥♥♥♥ing level design and boss fights♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Not only that, when I died at the scissor boss it told me I should switch to casual gaming! ♥♥♥♥ you game. 5/10"
76561198125891094,Recommended,269790,26132972,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sam,nuff said
,Not Recommended,269790,18761721,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mathead,"Wake up.I'm an asian teenage girl in tight miniskirt.Find a cellphone.It's an IRISPHONE.It can detect ghosts.Walk outside.Shoes are filled with led.Stupid Scream-mask ghost stalks me.Can neither walk through doors nor step over small fence.Walk around the same narrow place for 15 minutes.Eventually die....I'm in heaven.Bright light in the distance.Messages display “THANKS FOR BUYING A LEGIT COPY” and “WINNERS DON'T DO DRUGS”.Heaven is some place in the 90's?Furtunately, I know an easy way ot of this mess..."
76561198110354768,Not Recommended,269790,13515319,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SwagLordSurpreme,this game sucks and its boring and i highly recommend that you do NOT buy this game and spend your money on a better less clunky game
,Recommended,269790,12634710,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ko ez,Great graphic and story lineso far so good...!!! Love Indonesian games XD
,Not Recommended,269790,12105699,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Saint Satan,It's not good.
76561197990548443,Not Recommended,269790,10254286,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ahksar,"View Qineuro's review for a more in-depth explanation.DreadOut has some good ideas it recycled from much older horror games and could have made a great game. Sadly thats not the case. Horrible gameplay,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor audio design and extremely bizarre level design choices make this game a clunker. Even playing the original Silent Hill and Fatal Frame 2 (2 clear influences as seen in the very core of the game) is a better choice. No idea why there are so many positive reviews around, are people really this starved for ANY horror game? If you do choose to get it, well...........enjoy i guess."
,Recommended,269790,25344872,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Angeline Gabriella,I like this game. This game made in Indonesia
76561198013026789,Not Recommended,269790,10365116,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Pi Flavored,"Starting out, this really looking like something that would prove itself to be a worth while horror title. But when the game actually got into the meat of what it had to offer, any scares and creepy atmosphere it had, I eventually got acclimated to simply because I was STUCK in it for the longest time scratching my head over where I needed to go and what I needed to do. The game didn't make my objectives very clear beyond ""get the keys off the demon you first meet somehow"" and then expects you to magically know what you need to do!When I finally did figure out what to do, the game started to pick up again, if briefly, then threw me into an even more vauge puzzle than the last one, and then finally put me in a boss fight that was thankfully easier to figure out how to finish than the puzzles. The majority of this game wasn't me getting to enjoy a terrifying experience the way a proper horror should be. It was just me scratching my head at vauge puzzles! This, I feel was money wasted on my part, and I can't recommend this game to anyone else! If you really want to waste your money on it just to see for yourself what it's like. Be my guest. Don't say I didn't warn you."
76561198037071692,Not Recommended,269790,10338734,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Tykan Senpai,"Dreadout, what can I say about you? First of all if you are like me I got this game because I saw PewDiePie play it. I am a huge fan of horror games because I love to be frightend but saddly this game failed to deliver the punch line.Dreadout opens you up witht he cast of characters which you will never see again (Until Act 2). It seems like the developers want's you to be attached to the characters but fails to deliever because the characters are not very interesting to begin with. WIth that being said I do love the atomospher of the game, very grully and creepy and everyone likes exploring an abandon school right?But the real problem is that Dreddout doesn't know what it wants to be an action or survival horror, until act 2 I would not recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,269790,10413525,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Puddlejumper,being unable to invert the mouse really makes this game unplayable for me
76561198098576579,Not Recommended,269790,11819411,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,majortom7551,"I started to play the gane, got into the school, met the ghosts, I wanted to overwrite my play and now the game does not workI cannot get her phone options and the phone camera does not work right,too bad it was a good game to play."
76561198137491439,Not Recommended,269790,14479034,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Capsidia,"A while ago I played Act 1 and it really got me on nerves because of the puzzles, limbo and illogical story. Oh, and there was a boss pactically impossible to defeat. I still managed to completed the first act, but I got upset because I had to reload my game again and again after lossing against that boss. So I was not in the mood anymore.Since the demo was very appealing, I decided to give Act 2 a tried, hoping that things would get better. Limbo has been fixed, and I have to thanks the developpers for that. Also, the puzzles are much easier to solve. BUT the story is boring, and it seems like it's leading nowhere. You fight some evil creatures along the way, but it's like they're randomly thrown at you, with no real plot. I haven't finished it yet, but I'm really considering to stop right now. I'm not in a difficult situation, I'm just bored.DreadOut is a very cheap version of Fatal Frame, and it's sad because it could have been better. The problem is the lack of plot. If you want to fool around, killing evil spirits, it's perfect for you. But if you're searching for a game like Fatal Frame, you might be disappointed."
76561197990221367,Not Recommended,269790,13356493,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,boldyjoe,"My personal review of the game:Positives:1) Asian take on Fatal Frame.2) Javanese / Indonesian mythology and folklore.3) Good ghost graphics.Negatives:4) Doesn't progessively guide you on what and where you need to go.5) Scissor Man battle is unfair.6) You won't know there was powerups till you die (many times) in the game.7) Sobbing ghost battle is unfair. You won't know that you need to shoot her back.8) Have to shoot countless times to know something is wrong with the photo?Overall:A good game, but is let-down by not providing a clear and progressive stages to acquiring information and power-ups. If you jumped in and figured out the rudimentary points, you will not be able to proceed any further as you won't know that you have to shoot like in point 8 a certain camera angle from a destroyed ledge to continue the game.The developers need to spend more time to finetune gameplay and story progression. It is great that you have a village to explore, but locking gamers to the school afterwards and not guiding them, it gets downright boring fast. I didn't know there was powerups in the game, only after I died 9 times and it was from a statement during limbo stage.The use of vignettes to indicate ghosts and information are a great point, but not obvious enough. Gamers are focused to what's onscreen and not observe what's around the screen, like me. Consider providing vibration mode for those who use gamepad controllers like the PC Xbox 360 controllers.Hopefully the developers will redo the entire gameplay and progression once Act 2 is out. Until then, I don't recommend this game to casual gamers."
,Recommended,269790,13698081,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,LegendaryJinx',Mein Herz gg
,Not Recommended,269790,19862437,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Veranish,"I asked for a refund, possibly a little prematurely but the opening sequence did not impress me.The UI camera shutter sound for every little selection moving is INCREDIBLY annoying.The lack of intro was okay, common in this gameplay type, but it immediately showed me that jump scares was going to be bread and butter. I couldn't figure out where to go in the main courtyard after about ten minutes of wandering. I quickly realized that the same jump scare occured at the same location, but after jamming the E button over and over to figure out where to go, I decided this game wasn't going to be for me."
,Recommended,269790,34143616,Posted: 10 August,all,DewaYoGamer,......
,Not Recommended,269790,24097162,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,YamiYam,"Not scary, boring, and convoluted. Not worth taking a seccond glance at. If camera based horror interests you play fatal frame (any of them) they have better graphics design and most importantly are not BORING"
,Recommended,269790,12357763,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Niketes O Novus,Nice Game Indonesia!!!
,Not Recommended,269790,28496608,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ace T'Ken,"It runs badly, is written terribly, is voice-acted still worse than that, has awful PS2-era textures and animations, and noticibly repetative audio looping. Worst of all, all aspects of it are explained so poorly that I had to look up most of how to play online, and even then it didn't make any sense. I don't just mean the lore (Why would a ghost be afraid of a camera phone?), but the characters and their motivations were also gibberish.The thirtieth time an old woman ghost attacks with the same animation and shrill noise, it isn't scary. It's annoying. When you resume the game from the death area, and within a second you're already attacked again while trapped in a corner, it's bad pacing. I have genuinely zero ideas how this isn't getting savaged by reviews. It's truly abysmal in every way."
,Recommended,269790,34062765,Posted: 6 August,all,Zixyon-d'Arc,"indonesian ghost its so scaryXD, it has good story but the graphic is so bad. it's ok when you want to buy this game, i recommend this game."
76561198225814364,Recommended,269790,34029341,Posted: 4 August,all,◤ ❀ itsweet ❀ ◥,"the best indonesian horror game,it's very worth it"
76561198078573009,Not Recommended,269790,25420823,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,"I wanted to like this game i really did, but its got way too many issues that i can't forgive. here's whats wrong.1. English Voice acting, but all the text is in chinese.2. Scary Atmosphere, but the Nintendo 64 textures make the game look cheesy3. Monsters are scary, but the Fighting system is Horribly broken.4. Explore Scary places, but you don't know where to go or what to do next5. no shower scenes! total bs6. The Fighting system sucks, the enemies are overpowered.7. The Monsters Kill you quick, but you are resurected where you died.if you must try this game for yourself. then i would wait till its on sale as i don't deem it worth more than $2.50 which is what i paid."
,Recommended,269790,28355908,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MHZoda,I got to the part where the screeching spook starts yelling in my face and then I spent a millennium trying to figure out how to beat her but nothing was working and I was starting to feel really stupid and this ghastly ghoul keeps screaming in my face when I'm trying to think and my self-esteem is plummeting and I was streaming while this was happening so everybody was just getting annoyed at the shrieking spirit and at me for having an IQ that's like a quarter of the average orangutan's. good grief.
,Not Recommended,269790,29769582,Posted: 7 February,all,Last Caress,"Wow, how did they manage to make this game look straight out of the year 2000? Terrible movement, embarrassing scares and absent story. Thumbs way down."
,Not Recommended,269790,30669900,Posted: 22 March,all,GaMmEr4LiFe,"What could have been an GRATE game, is clunky and not polised yet! I spent 14 $ on this game thinking it was finished. Far from it! They really need to do some more work on this game before releasing another. The game is clunky the controls are clunky. The game is just clunky"
,Not Recommended,269790,12974681,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,skullz3181,"More annoying than anything, for all the praise it gets I was expecting a much better game but as usual it's an overhyped horror game."
76561198082096980,Recommended,269790,12566296,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,XxXx,nice game im just waiting for act 2
,Not Recommended,269790,29038517,Posted: 5 January,all,- > ADK <-,"good: it can realy scare ubad: so boring, so boring, so old and simplein one word i can just say: this game worth 0.05 cent not more"
,Not Recommended,269790,30526346,Posted: 15 March,all,OSad,"The game feels like it has a lot of potential, but it's just too damn awkward to play, which is a real shame.- Clumsy menu navigation with a gamepad, with a menu to re-do your key bindings that seemingly does not work to re-bind controller keys.- Confusing button layout on the controller: press (not hold) RT to bring up cellphone? Hold LB to run? It's not terribly complicated but you will fumble with it for a while. You actually seem unable to even go into first-person mode with a controller, which is one of the ways you find weakspots on enemies.- Inability to adjust the camera sensitivity with a controller. You can again do this for a mouse, but not a controller, and the default sensitivity on the controller is way beyond what any Fatal Frame-esque horror game should be at. The combination of this, plus the completely free over-the-shoulder camera makes this game downright nauseating to play on tight quarters. Attempting to adjust the camera in these scenarios leads to it swinging around, gliding against walls and just generally being a pain to manage.- Item scavenging is just plain bad. When you character can ""sense"" something, a blue aura will enshroud the corners of your screen. However, this works for points of interest *and* items at the same time, so when it starts shining, you don't know if you should be pointing your camera at an object or if you're meant to be looking around for an item. This is exacerbated by the fact that the aura seems to be triggered on a 360-degree sphere around the character, ignoring walls and anything in-between, so if you're on the second floor of a building and the aura triggers, you don't know if the item is in your floor on a different room, the next floor or the previous floor.- Lack of a map. I don't know if I didn't just advance enough through the game to get this, but I looked around for a while and could not find a map of the school. Once I came across a couple of locked doors and had to start backtracking through that relatively big enviroment, I had enough.- Kind of an ugly game texture-wise. This is just nitpicking, but there's a very big contrast on the texture quality of objects in the game. Some walls can have a respectable UV mapping while others look like the texture is blown out of proportion.It's a fascinating window into another country's culture, but aggravating to control."
,Not Recommended,269790,23110264,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dr. Rj,no
76561197998197307,Recommended,269790,12412807,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Small dick; Fat tits,This game is so sexy
76561198259879491,Recommended,269790,30309678,Posted: 3 March,all,Toyar,978
,Recommended,269790,34299937,Posted: 16 August,all,The Anti-Hero,I'm here because of Linda...
76561198030031905,Not Recommended,269790,10138720,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Leon,"Really boring. This game is one of the worst horror games I've ever come across. I was looking forward to this game for a while, but I was VERY disappointed. This game has no sense of direction, half of the time you don't know where you're meant to be heading. I'm totally lost within 2hours of playing this and there is absolutely no way of finding out where to go; other than to watch a guide. I may have made my judgement too early, as I'm not nearly close to finishing the game. However, playing this game, constantly lost and bored with hardly any jumpscares at all, made me angry. I would love to carry on playing this game, but the lack of direction/storyline deters me.I'd much rather play Outlast.4/10."
76561198073648775,Not Recommended,269790,30654161,Posted: 21 March,all,Suma,"The game crashes on my computer.  I can play for a little while, then it crashes and corrupts my save file so I have to start all over from the beginning again! I do NOT recommend this to OS X user's!Hardware Overview:Model Name:  MacBookPro 11,5 (Mid 2015)Processor Name:  Intel Core i7Processor Speed:  2.8 GHzNumber of Processors:  1Total Number of Cores:  4L2 Cache (per Core):  256 KBL3 Cache:  6 MBMemory:  16 GB Type:  DDR3  Speed:  1600 MHzVideo Card:  AMD Radeon R9 M370X, VRAM 2048 MBOperating System: OS X El Capitan version 10.11.6 (64 bit OS)"
76561198169225565,Not Recommended,269790,34365806,Posted: 19 August,all,FallingUpwardz,This game sucks so bad X_X
,Not Recommended,269790,33980587,Posted: 2 August,all,[R.U] Riot,Not that interesting to me.  Found it really boring personally.  I am a big fan of horror games but I am also very hard to please as soon as horror is thrown in it.If you find yourself difficult to please with the word horror than this is not for you but if you are okay with all things than i guess its worth a shot.  Not recommended by me personally.
76561198358000560,Not Recommended,269790,34382322,Posted: 20 August,all,Bismark,не запускается и не понятно почему
,Not Recommended,269790,10133714,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Zampanò,"Fatal Frame, this is not.  My first playthrough clocking in at the 2 hour mark (for Act 1, Act 2 has not yet been released) was underwhelming.  Much like Fatal Frame, the horror lies mostly in atmosphere.  Initially, the atmosphere works well enough.  Musical cues, ambient noises, with the occasional heavy breathing from the protagonist help drill home that the game wants you to know it is 2spooky4u.Ghost encounters are anti-climatic.  The boar-ghost poses no real threat (hide in a class room, snap photos until he leaves, resume exploring), the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ghost's jumpscare/attack is effective once, and the final encounter is literally a run to the exit repeated three times in a row.  Since you respawn in the same location you ""died"", you literally have zero reason to fear the ghosts outside of the one or two jumpscares thrown at you.Oh, and there are really only two puzzles in the game.  Three if you separate getting the photo from getting the key (though the photo flat out tells you where to find it, so I don't see that as a puzzle myself).The severe lack of ghost encounters, puzzles, and general content is incredibly dissapointing.  There are free horror games which provide many times more content (and are of higher quality) - Phobia 1.5 being a prime example.Act 2 may redeem Dreadout (once it is released), however Act 1 leaves much to be desired and is not worth it's asking price of $15.  I would, assuming Act 2 does release and does improve, suggest you pay no more than $5 for this game.  Your money can be better spent elsewhere.  Heck, Fatal Frame 1, 2, and 3 are on PSN along with Siren.  You can get Fatal Frame 1 and 2 for 2/3 the price of this.*Update*After a quick look to the Steam forums, it seems that you're able to return to the town.  After doing so I can report the following:-You can fight one more ghost.  It's hilariously easy.  Maybe there are more; I didn't encounter any.-You can use your camera to see flat / 2D ghosts random float about.  They don't make noises.  They don't attack you.  They are just cardboard cutout ghosts who circle you.-You'll meet up with a giant ghost (whom you technically meet later in the main game), who flicks you with it's fingers as if you're a booger.All in all that added 10 minutes to my playtime."
,Recommended,269790,34390821,Posted: 21 August,all,IVih,gg
76561198052804160,Not Recommended,269790,10135741,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,BriBri,"It's nice to see a throwback to an older horror style, something which I'm always eager for in this day and age, but unfortunately Dreadout is let down by bad game design. The core game does not flow well, player direction is largely vague, and often you're left confused as to how to progress. Even right from the start of the game when your character gets out of the car it can be confusing where you're supposed to go. Most likely while playing this game you'll need to stop every so often and go look it up, which is annoying to have to constantly do. Puzzles, knowing where to go, putting 2 and 2 together, were always a big part of survival-horror games of yore, but in Dreadout's case it's rather vague and things are not clear enough.Ghosts are cool, but some can be initially frustrating until you work out their quirks. Again, game design is somewhat bad here because you're usually left to die repeatedly until you figure out what the game is demanding from you to beat the ghost.The game all-in-all is a good effort, the atmosphere is very good, the concept is good, the protaganist has a nice♥♥♥♥♥:P, but it's unfortunately a bad gaming experience because its flaws are more frustrating and immersion-breaking."
76561198082631141,Not Recommended,269790,10140954,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,estelap12,"The atmosphere was very good, especially with headphones in but for me, the story is very disconnected, it's very vague. There's some bugs with the game. Wish I could get some backstory on the monsters that are encountered. It got to the point where it was more annoying than scary with the hallway monster. Hopefully part 2 picks up"
76561198382723452,Not Recommended,269790,34340526,Posted: 18 August,all,AR,Rugi beli ini bahasa bahasa yahudi anj*ng jadi ga ngerti sama sekali.. not recomended bahasa inggris aja ga ada bangsat emang
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,269790,28677525,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,"not very good, Steam is starting to be overflooded with games like this."
,Not Recommended,269790,10133737,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Wednesday,"Reasons not to like this game;1) Endless hallway glitches, making you restart the whole game.B)Unfrightening monsters.3, or C)Clues very...Very vague.I got bored of this game very quickly and started yawning. It's..A horror game, right...? I'm not imagining that? They should of stuck to comedy, at least I was interested when Girl 2 slapped Girl 1."
76561198012503090,Not Recommended,269790,23648507,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,The Man That Can™,"RUBBISH game dont even load/play on a £6,000 gaming pc after 6 minutes gaming time crash!  NOT very impressed or happy sort it out guys!"
76561197978393853,Not Recommended,269790,23542041,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Young Dex,derp
,Not Recommended,269790,32138414,Posted: 2 June,all,Crownless.Prince,"At the start of the game, you don't even know what the fk you're supposed to do. This is why I hate indie games. Stop playing after only half an hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,269790,10122704,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ReD,"WORST HORROR GAME EVER MADE!!!Not at all remoteley scary, crappy graphics that look like someone♥♥♥♥♥♥on my screen! Boring gameplay, horrid dialogue, crappy animation.DO NOT BUY!!!Save your money and buy Outlast and its DLC!!"
,Not Recommended,269790,24770449,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jefferongis,"Dont Buy!!! I Byed thid game for Mac, but it dont work for Mac!!!!"
76561198057723195,Not Recommended,269790,17013748,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Grieving Sparrow,I wish there were less bugs and this title let you reload a save without having to start entirely over. I still haven't finished the game as a result. It is even more bothersome because what I have played shows great potential and is genuinely good. I'm sure they will continue working on the bugs but until everything is solved I won't be able to recommend this one sadly.2/5Disappointing.
,Not Recommended,269790,16765968,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Razzle My Dazzle,Good concept. Bad execution.
76561198078515514,Not Recommended,269790,16945063,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mist,"I don't know if I want to recommend a game in which you respawn when you're stuck in a corner and keep dying... and dying... and dying.Good game otherwise, but what's the point if you can't progress."
76561198146609174,Not Recommended,269790,18835636,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Cunt,gan kenapa di bagian part 2 sehabis bagia yang di demo lama yah loadingnya? mohon di perbaiki gan
76561197970366947,Not Recommended,269790,18535509,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Preddan,NOO
,Not Recommended,269790,18815250,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Aaron,"I hugely enjoyed all 3 Fatal Frame games that I played. However, the same cannot be said for DreadOut. It's a game that for the first couple of minutes has promise, but then it all disappears.I like the creature designs. It's a decent variation compared to Fatal Frame, and especially true for the giant ghost that blocks the abandoned town at night. I couldn't work out where he was at all when the orange glow started, but then I spotted his hand. I had to look straight upwards to see its huge orange eyes staring back down at me from the dark. But creature designs can't help when, instead of being scared of the game, you find yourself constantly cursing it.The puzzles in this game are so obscure that you can spend hours running around the same small building and never find it. I had to turn to guides more often than I'd like, which pulls you right out of the game. There's no fear when you're just annoyed.There was one involving a key to a locked door and a boar with a key around its neck. Finally managed to find the key (after collecting 2 unconnected items and taking a photo in another room), went to the door and nope, it's still locked. Turns out that the key I was after wasn't the key I needed. No, the key I needed was hidden behind a secret door that the key I did have unlocked. How is anyone supposed to figure that out?Another is being chased down a long hallway by some massive ghost crawling after you. I'm sprinting for ages and nothing's happening. The ghost is just getting closer and I'm just tiring out. I try the doors along the walls, they're all locked. So I give up and turn to face the ghost. Nope, sent to Limbo. Turns out that there's a secret door along the walls that you can only see with a camera. Great, another thing that won't happen in that situation but is needed to continue.Oh and the fight against the red woman in the second act? You have to die. That's it. Literally, you just wait to die. I spent ages trying to fight her, trying to time my shots and getting no where. Looking for some secret escape route or symbol to photograph. Nope. Just die and accept it.Sometimes the fighting is just irritating. The boar would manage to knock me into a wall and the wall didn't let go. I couldn't move while the boar just devastated me. Then he manages to knock me down but not far enough way. The minute I get up, he knocks me down again. Repeat until dead. The scissor guy did the same multiple times. They just constantly attack, giving you no chance of escape.The unskippable cutscenes are frustrating. Sometimes it's just the long duration of some animations, but I sit there thinking 'am I watching a game being played for me, or am I playing it?'. The first half of Act 2 is mostly this sort of thing.There's also Limbo. Every single time you die, you get sent to some black void with candles around you. It takes you ages for the character to get up by herself and then you have to run to the floating light with wings. A long waste of time just to put you back where you died. There really is no need for it, especially being blinded.Had it not been so frustrating, I'd have liked this game. As it stands, I'm only doing this for achievements. It's not scary, it's not entertaining. It's just annoying."
,Recommended,269790,22520589,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Spartan_NUFC,wedeh... game indo..
,Recommended,269790,22597482,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,fun
76561198014361188,Not Recommended,269790,20016642,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,hapyfish.,Completely unplayable without gamepad.Google'd around and many have the same issue as me which is that you can't move the camera with the mouse(it just jerks back to the original position)Looked like a decent horror game but clearly has issues that aren't being fixed.
76561198059844882,Not Recommended,269790,20354157,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,chaos.entalpico,"Many things already seen, slow movements, awful camera lag. Buy only if you REALLY love horror games."
76561198040555964,Recommended,269790,20483312,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lowbo,10 out of 10 :)
,Not Recommended,269790,20451960,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ukdesigner,"The first game I've ever disliked on Steam that I purchased...I mostly  write positive reviews, because I only buy the games I would like in my collection.This is the first I will be physically blocking / removing in the embarresment of having actually paid real money for such a tradgic experience.The animation, lets not go there...The gameplay consists of walking through empty rooms, with polygon modelling equivelent of a student using 3D Studio Max back in 1998. Things like this game should not legally be allowed on Steam, since it requires money, and the game is just non existent. I'm confident that most 10 year olds given a full copy of 3d studio max, and 6 months to learn it, could develop better assets than what this game has.Following a robot animated school girl with a whispery voice, opening doors, whilst most being locked or not actually leading to anywhere, you listen to a cheap made music soundtrack which is stuck like ya great grannies worst lp in loop forever.The game is not funny... not scary... not a game.I'd be annoyed if I spent 1 single pound on this nonsense. The best part was pressing EXIT in the options menu. Unininstall, never again."
,Not Recommended,269790,20494646,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,stanley.lui,"Well, DreadOut is another flawed game with a good premise, but marred by bugs and poor design choices.  How well do these balance out?  Let's put it this way.  Normally, I list the bad things first so we can end off the review on a positive note.  I'm going the other way around this time because otherwise, you may never see the pros.Pros:The story.  Actually something different from the usual ""ghosts just want to kill you"".Great variety of ghosts, in large part because they are taken from Asian legends and not the usual North American and European ones.Possessed Ira's dialog and actions really stand out. I mean, to the point where I wondered if they subcontracted out that part of the game.Nice variety of ways to deal with the ghosts.Cons:INCREDIBLY awkward dialog and animations.  I half thought Linda and Ira were already dead or possessed from the way they interacted at the beginning of Act I.Look, I get that Linda's a silent protagonist, but for the love of all that's holy, please work the dialog so that it's not all awkward silences.Really bad translations at timesTranslations for written language (especially signs) would have been nice. I get that we're not in an English speaking country, but Linda is probably supposed to be able to read Indonesian.  Or is that enabled along with subtitles?Ghosts that don't act the way their entries say they will.  All those man-hating ghosts?  Not really sure why they're so hostile to Linda.It was definitely unclear to me what I was supposed to do with the camera at first. Act 0 gives you the basic idea that some ghosts only appear there, but there was no indication that the flash would actually hurt them.  The hint text merely tells you they might be startled.How slowly Linda move when the camera is up.How slowly Linda moves the camera up and down. (Lag)How slowly Linda does anything when ghosts are nearby (Laaaaaaag)Puzzles with random solutions.  Why that one mirror?  Why not?The devs really need to rethink their autosave/respawn policy.  In Act 0, I kept respawning to the exact spot I died in, only the enemies were still there. And since Linda took forever to move her camera up (see above), I couldn't break out of the loop.  I figured I could just reload the save point, but guess what?  It autosaved with the enemies on top of me.  Nothing I could do but replay the entire Act.The stage where there are 4 objects you need to hit the ghost 4 times.  I died after breaking the first object, but when I respawned, the object was already broken, yet the ghost still needed all 4 hits.At one point, I could no longer hurt the Sundel Bolong.  The camera just had no effect whatsoever. Exiting and reloading did nothing. I had to go the rest of the game unable to do anything but run away from her.  Which made boss battles that much more annoying.There are, in fact, times when your survival is entirely a matter of luck. During the locust attack, for example, you are unable to raise your camera, yet are attacked by a ghost that cannot be seen without the camera. Nice.The alternate ending looks like it was thrown together at the last minute.Inconsistent rules. Invisible barriers are bad enough, but to hit them during a chase sequence?  Grrr.  Why on earth does the SLR flash behave completely differently depending on whether you take a photo or not?I dunno, maybe if this franchise is given to more experienced devs, we could have something really good on our hands.  Otherwise, I'm just going to watch somebody else play it on YouTube.  Some games just need more polish.  This one has so little polish, it's practically still a rock."
,Not Recommended,269790,21351420,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cartof,This game has it all:- very bad mouse acceleration- awful camera view- extremely bad designed character animations- very ugly textures almost all around- abstract story that does not seem very interesting in the first.. two hours..I am sad that i payed almost 5 euros for this game at a certain point in time - i payed 5 extra of what it is really worth.Also developers are masochistic enough to bother me with a stupid thank you message that i legit bought their game each time i die..
76561198264364856,Recommended,269790,23891448,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,revu23,Nice game xD
,Recommended,269790,23772047,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Truth,"I was loving the game until I reached a puzzle in Act 2 that requires you to zoom in. Unfortunately for me, my touchpad has no scroll wheel, and you cannot remap the zoom key to anything but the scroll wheel, so I cannot progress in the game.If you have a mouse with a scroll wheel, go for it-  the game is wonderfully atmospheric, really feels like one of the older Fatal Frame games.The first boss (Scissors Ghost) is painfully overpowered though."
,Recommended,269790,23018808,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Preacher Moonie,"This game is pretty good, I'm big into horror games and its sad to see that so many more modern installments in this genre really fall flat, but this game manages to get out of that rut very well. For any other die hard horror fans this game is very akin to the Fatal Frame/Project Zero games, in terms of gameplay, characters and tone. But it does have a bit of everything, its got the atmoshere of silent hill, the charm of clock tower, the gameplay of fatal frame and a few jumpscares (though for those worried the jumpscares are not too prominent and are put togetehr with the correct amount of timing and atmosphereStory: 7/10, its develped very well and you really have to search for the whole story, but that doent stop it from being a bit typical in some places.Gameplay: 7/10, Again it does play nice and the mechanics all work, but there are glitches and camera twitches in places, though nothing too noticable.SPoOky?: 8/10, in a world where mosthorror games keep you wincing and flintching in preperation for a scare, this does well to keep you on the edge of your seat and terrified."
76561198122171003,Recommended,269790,23238183,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Bobby Digital,"Great game. Worth every minute,"
76561198117280501,Recommended,269790,25155903,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kalypto,"A Game I Will Not Soon ForgetSo much positive to write about this game. At the very least I would describe it as ominous. One part, however, gave me cold feet, and not in the sense of being so frightened I didn’t want to continue, but because a certain “boss” cheated and made the game frustrating. I was inclined to hit the uninstall command.Every time I see a pair of scissors from this time forward I’ll feel nauseous. The only way I finally figured out how to defeat the cheating AI was to use the key that was the back-step key, and twirl the mouse so that I was using that key to run forwards, instead of backwards. The AI got so confused I was finally, quite easily, able to defeat the scissor wielding cross-dresser. In spite of this, the game is one I will not soon forget. It took me just over 12 hours to complete, which I am beginning to believe is just about the perfect length for a game.A school building being a big part of the game you eventually enter requires a cognizant approach in adventuring as it is full of spirited rooms joined by dusty halls that you’ll have to comb through in order to pick up necessary items; a process I thoroughly enjoyed. After all, it is a school, so just as one would expect the rooms and hallways to be similar, they are. Yet the classrooms and hallways are only similar in their shape and dissimilar in stains and dirt, the placement of desks, chairs, and items students have long left behind, teaching tools, etc.. Again, just as it should be. Afterwards you'll play in different ""spiritual"" locales; a garden, dirt pathways, a small village, a mansion; but will eventually wind up back in the school.DreadOut is filled with atmosphere, thus wandering and coming across ghosts makes every step threatening. There is always a sense of dread and danger. The Indonesian team of Digital Happiness have created an amazing, bone-chilling survival horror."
,Recommended,269790,25557672,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Pete,"good graphics, good gameplay :) nice work"
,Recommended,269790,25504615,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Spoonerrific,"Man. Where do I start with DreadOut? Well, because I really do like the game and I want to see a sequel or more projects like it, let's go with positives first.+Chilling enemies+Some interesting characters+Clever Puzzles+Indonesian lore and legend mixes things upNow, at first glance, these negatives are gonna seem intense, but just hear me out after they're out of the way.-Enemy AI and Mechanics can be frustratingly broken at times (sometimes literally stopping progression)-Textures and models are generally pretty ugly-Boss fights can be confusing AF-Exploring the environments is pretty dull - mostly because the levels aren't pleasent to look at and there aren't many collectablesNow, this game still gets a positive review from me because I see this game going places. I enjoyed my time with DreadOut in spite of its frustrations and pretty poor graphics. It has weird bits of comedy that made me laugh pretty hard every time I saw them and almost every enemy is pretty f*****g scary (every hair on my body standing up on end for most of them). The game was scary enough and the characters/story just compelling enough (while again not very well modeled or textured, Linda is pretty attractive. I was hellbent on her survival XD) to get me through the game and to try and find the alternate endings. Gonna be buying the DLC soon so I can get scared some more lol$15 may sound like a lot for this relatively short title (6.2 hours and I'd beaten the game and gotten an alternate ending), but I think it's worth it to keep Digital Happiness going and see them grow."
,Recommended,269790,25488022,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,rickylows2,this is one of the few creepy games on steam its fun to go the creepy school but be cafeful the partial controller isnt the best and youll take picutres you didnt want to
76561198053088770,Recommended,269790,25582516,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Seahorseassassin,"I really enjoyed this game.  Some of the puzzles can be really cryptic, and the narrative a little bumpy, but all in all, had interesting gameplay, puzzles, a lot of scary moments and even some humor.The main problem I had with the game was mostly bugs. I couldn't complete Act 2 because after fighting the lady in red in my game would crash.  When I tried loading up the save file it would only load a black screen with a 2d moon in a fixed spot.  If not for this, I would give 4/5 eggs and 2 popcorns."
76561198074878966,Recommended,269790,26321460,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dr.Corbin,Though this game tends to be a bit glitchy it is still a very entertaining game that I would reccomend buying.
76561198082861511,Recommended,269790,27299442,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CNinJa2,Simply best horror game. i only have problem with game performance it is not optimized as it should be other than that it is great game!
,Recommended,269790,27169212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RANZ,Semoga ada lanjutannya
76561198171401913,Recommended,269790,24721953,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,tiagusalex,"This game is the proof that survival horror isn't limited to first person cameras. Hear this, devs?The setting is one more thing that got to me. There are so many stories and myths out there, why not use them?Graphics could be better, but I can live with that.Really nice game"
,Recommended,269790,24734649,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Fireeye,"DreadOut is a PC clone of the Fatal Frame series spiced up with an Indonesian background. Playing as the schoolgirl Linda, you have to fend off various ghosts by photographing them with your camera while also solving various riddles.The game certainly has many flaws - it is not very long (I'd estimate a playtime of 6-10 hours), the graphics are mediocre at best, and the game's difficulty can vary wildly; doubly so as you are sometimes required to do things that seemingly defy all reason (such as not attacking a certain ghosts in a certain moment).Nonetheless, DreadOut is quite capable of scaring the living daylight out of you. The unfamiliar bestiary of Indonesian ghosts alone is unsettling enough, but the camera mechanic takes the cake - for the better part of the game, you will be moving forward at a snail's pace with your cellphone cam at the ready, expecting ghosts to pop up from every corner. This is only made worse by the well-done lighting and sound design - unless the light of your cellphone or camera is up, you're practically blind, and the constant noise in the background doesn't do much to alleviate your paranoia. DreadOut may be one of these games that only are scary on the first walkthrough because you don't know where the fiends are waiting to ambush you, but let none say that they didn't get the ambush part right.Personal rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,269790,24490084,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Utsuho Reiuji,"I was looking forward to this game quite a bit and in my opinion, the wait was worth it.If you ever enjoyed Project Zero / Fatal Frame, then you might like this game, too. It borrows heavily from those, but also got some inspiration from Silent Hill and Clock Tower. One should however keep in mind that the devs behind this are a quite small team - The game is rather short (will take you about 6 hours to finish) and there're some bugs (while in the school, savegames won't work). Also, the graphics are on a PS2 level. I still recommend it to anyone who likes horror games and doesn't mind the few issues.The Good:Great atmosphereIndonesian loreGood jumpscares (not those dull ones we all got used to)Fun gameplayThe Bad:Broken savegames in the school areaAdditional bugs for linux users (not working achievements and flickering hair textures)Overall sub-par graphics"
,Recommended,269790,25429662,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,AR-D,the best horor in asia
76561198277414088,Recommended,269790,25454668,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,swibles,If you can beat that jerk that uses the scissors. You will come to really enjoy this game for the few hours of content it provides. Multiple endings and a substantial amount of achievements will keep you busy for a bit. Make sure you have the mental fortitude to withstand an endless string of jump scares.
,Recommended,269790,25008234,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,BetsBest,creeps Never End :v ....totally dread out ... OwO
,Recommended,269790,28157859,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Anfia :3,"The totally fokin scariest than several horror games I played recently !The story is totally originally enough. Plot is unique enough to make other players have speculation and plot twistThe graphics is dope enough...Although for performance... still 40-60 FPS stable ini lowest settings, but the game sometimes getting stuttered when doing action (such attacking enemies).Welp, maybe this game has getting low buggy, but still not very optimized...88/100Recommend for Indie and horror gamers"
76561198035186012,Recommended,269790,28693840,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LightStormer,"The Spookiness is there.  Creepy atmosphere with good scares.  The graphics in some areas look a bit dated for 2016, but look really good in others.  There is largely forgivable once you get into the game however.Some of the 'puzzles' can be frustrating, so if you're a gamer who likes to finish a game without guides, prepare to pull a few hairs out if you're not bald. :p   Don't feel bad taking a peek at a guide to help you on your way.Overall, I would recommend this to anyone who likes survival horror games, especially supernatural ones like Silent Hill and Fatal Frame.The game also features a 'Ghostpedia' that provides some interesting lore into the spookies that you will meet in the game.  Pretty neat stuff if you like spooky stuff in general!"
76561198006432208,Recommended,269790,22683040,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Abdelhazred,"I feel like I'm playing a demonic Pokemon Snap, and that's a good thing."
,Recommended,269790,22548621,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,★ °☆sᴡɪɢɢɪᴛʏ★☾,Its okay. Does get repetitive and annoying.7/10
,Recommended,269790,27417177,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,louis,"Good game , worth to buy , enjoying this game!"
,Recommended,269790,28073757,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,unreal_rik,Extemely unnerving. If you love old Silent Hill and Fatal Frame games then this should be right up your alley.
,Recommended,269790,28195115,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Shadow Aimai,"Let me start this review saying that I am very strong fan of horror games, like Silent Hill, Clock Tower and Fatal Frame.Dreadout is a short, but entertaining game, worth the price tag. Admittedly the duget for the models and textures are a bit lacking comparing it to recent horror games, but it is still quite the decent effort. Dreadout plays like your stereotypical horror movie, with a group of students and a teacher arriving to a ghost town. You take control of Linda, one of the students, and the only means for survival are her physical condition and a camera to fend of the ghosts, much like in the Fatal Drame series.If there are some complains about this game is the camera during 3rd person, which is kind of unstable in small places and corners, being a bit jerky, which leads to disorientation. Another issue is death, which after being defeated you are thrown into Limbo, in which as punishment you have to walk some distance in order to try again (the distance is diminished if you collect certain items). However, you are placed exactly at the location of your death, meaning that if you were completely surrounded by enemies, you will be stuck there being killed over and over and will have no option but to start anew. Lack of knowledge of indonesian mythology and folklore may affect, but I would use it as an opportunity to learn about other cultures.All in all it is quite the entertaining game, worth a shot in one of those cold, dark nights."
,Recommended,269790,27339956,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pope Francis 4 Prez,I am stuck at the freaking scissors guy room
,Recommended,269790,27745733,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,yaya14,"A nice small horror game from Indonesia...spooky atmposphere!!! It has it's flaws but it's good, I recommend to buy it(better in sales cause it's kinda small)"
76561198200689377,Recommended,269790,27908484,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hamstalady,Nice game
,Recommended,269790,27027150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prickster,"If there was ever a &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants"" genre for a game, this would be it."
76561198075101465,Recommended,269790,26936603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sid,Who love asian horror movies this game for you xD
,Recommended,269790,26947051,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fearmaker [Bapake Gaming Shop],THIS GAME R REALLY INTERESTING FOR ME
76561198052118431,Recommended,269790,26796222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elbourn,I freaking love this game... I followed it since I saw it on a Kickstarter-like page (which name i forgot... shame on me) and I am so in love with the fact that the ghosts are from real Indonesian stories ^^
,Recommended,269790,26861134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜSin,"7.2/10 >:3It's not as smooth as say Outlast and it reminds me of Fatal Frame, but it was fun for me.The first time I played this game it was kinda glitchy, but I didn't have time to play it anyways.So I played it again months later after some updates (IDK what version) and everything felt better.I really like horror games and this is what I liked about this one (pros):GhostsScaresAtmosphereEnvironmentsPuzzlesStoryControls (Used a controller)PriceSome things that could be better (cons):Sound designGraphicsCharacters"
,Recommended,269790,27180012,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,deafen my feelings,awesome indonesian local game
76561198054283244,Recommended,269790,28615803,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,robertcadav,"This game is awesome. Its a mix of  fatal frame ,silent hill and resident evil but with a nice Indonesian flare.The monsters are all well modeled, unique and some are actually really creepy.  Many monsters seem to be taken striaght out of Indonesian lore.You will get freaked out at certain points in the game. There is a little exploration here and there finding newspaper clippings, medals and trinkets.It has this cool camera feature where you can save your favorite photos in the in game gallery and with how awesome the monters are you will be saving plenty along with some landscapes and various NPC's. The puzzles mostly involve using your camera.  Graphics are super ps2 quality in HD and makes the game more creepy.Its method of punshiment is to throw you into limbo if you are frightened to death. Limbo is a rather dark place with a sort of white/blue light at the end in the shape of wings and the more frequently you die the further you spawn away the exit. There are items you could find to decrease the distance otherwise if you are a super nub you will be having a nice a little jog to the end.The game is a bit short but it never gets boring and throws curve balls at you in terms of what you do and scenery. Expect some glitches here and there. Some puzzles are a bit abstract but i suggest you think hard, use your camera and study your environment otherwise there are great walkthroughs out there.Replay value comes in with taking the perfect pictures and collecting them, finding all collectables and Linda has a wide selection of Alt-costumes after completing the game including soccer, heavy metal , and traditional indonesian dress ( or you could download the DLC and get all the costumes autounlocked ).FInal Verdict8/10 would play agian."
,Recommended,269790,28604436,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dhan Hävitä,"No guide?Just walk around and still don't know who is MELINDA?If you like horror game this game not bad.But, if  you not a fan of horror games this game will be bored."
,Recommended,269790,29027113,Posted: 4 January,all,Baiku,Pros:TerrifyingLevel select for easy achievementsCons:The graphics are Playstation 2 qualityCharacter animations for some are Nintendo 64 qualityGameplay is actually quite shallow.  Enemy combat boils down to using the camera on cooldown while avoiding easy blows.Linda's movement speed is terrible.Thumbs up for the scares for only $6.  Buy it on sale for the scares because that's all you'll buy it for.  The highs are very high and the lows are very low.
,Recommended,269790,29144429,Posted: 9 January,all,oddAutrix_,"The game is unpolished, the topology of each character is horrible, you can tell that they didnt assign the vertex's to each bone properly, i see the model jutting out. The game can lag when it really doesn't have to, I feel like they just took the whole enviroment from turbosquid and stuck it in there with horrid geomentry.. I feel like im playing beta.On that matter- I like the game.The story is good, and the overall concept is something I always suckered for.  Its a creepfest- but it needs work. The variation of the ghosties are pretty great, and any ghost in a dress with long black hair in a hall is just creepy.If you have the fifteen bucks to spare, I'd check it out if I were you. Don't think this game is perfect, 'cause its not. But then again, if you only bought perfect games your library would be quite small."
,Recommended,269790,33345723,Posted: 7 July,all,hakozer0,"Got this game at $1.49 (Rp 13.000 ) I feel guilty already I should pay full price because i want to support game devs from my country Indonesia. I played this game at release and i tought i should be fine but i was wrong lol, the atmosphere still got me goosebump'd. The plus = atmosphere and the music certainly are unique point about this game and other factor like nostalgia factor about fatal frame and older survival horror genre that make me enjoyed the game. The minus = graphic and mechanic (plus mouse movement kinda annoying).I met the dev, Digital Happines myself becuse I was one of the committe of Game and Developer seminar at my university, and the dev are our main guest. At their presentation they said they fine with the youtuber playing their game even encourage our to promote indonesian game through all media. They even said they are all fine with the pirates that pirated their game (lol) because the pirates are in a way, promote their game. Well thats what makes me really want to support them.Tl;DR its good indie game with good atmosphere and if you fan of fatal frame you should try this#SupportDeveloperIndonesia#Supportgameindonesia"
,Recommended,269790,30174914,Posted: 25 February,all,Vess,EXCELLENT !  ACTUALLY I WASN't EXPECTiNG SUCH A WONDERFUL GAME. DON'T HESiTATE ABOUT BUYiNG iT.LOVE YOU LİNDA !  ❤
76561198038371482,Recommended,269790,30215996,Posted: 27 February,all,Rat 13,"Give it a chance people. Yeah it's low budget, small dev company game... But it does have atmosphere and soul.The story is nothing complicated or new (if you saw any Horror movie and played old-school horror games; You will get a huge deja-vu). Gameplay is somewhat representative of Fatal Frame. So yeah: A group of student became hostages of abandoned city, and our heroine tries to survive and help her friends.. Her enemies are ghosts! Her only weapon -- mobile-phone camera (and later actuall camera).Of course, like most old-school horror games, this one does have puzzles, and my god -- those are creative! Same goes for enemies.The second episode of game is somewhat wierd... It becames wierd... Hard to explain without spoilers, but it's wierd in a good wat actually.So anyway. If you tired of modern horrors -- that eiter won't let you fight or are somekind of action games with monsters, try DreadOut -- a great blast from the past."
,Not Recommended,269790,26309088,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Moggleberries,"2/10 couldn't pet the cat.For serious though, encounted a bug that broke my game about half an hour in when the pig got stuck in a door and I couldn't get the keys off of it."
76561197998006893,Recommended,269790,30364954,Posted: 6 March,all,Captain Spanky T. Kirk,This game is even better then you would expect and i expected it to be pretty good! definately worth the price!!!! IM CONSTANTLY JUMPIN OUTTA MY CHAIR
,Not Recommended,269790,14379683,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,LunaRei,"I'm only 2 1/2 hours into this game. I was drawn to it because of the Fatal Frame feel to it and that aspect has been fantastic! However the story seems to be a bit jumpy... But there is a chance somethings were missed by event triggering along the way. But I do recommend that people check this out!Edit:Okay so I've finished the game and I felt rather... Unsatisfied. The story leaves out ALOT of information that makes it hard to follow / I really felt like there was no story. There are a few really obsure references in the game but for the most part at the end... I was still questioning what the game was even about. I had to research the game to get some information on it to at least get some kind of perspective of the story.  I hate to do it, but I'll be changing my recommendation to no.The game has/had alot of potiential if the creators had actually put in a story line that could be followed and more inclusive. My understanding is that the game is based on a comic/manga and unless you know of it there's a good possibility that you will end up like me and have no idea what the story line about until you have to research theories on it.  I had, had such high hopes for the game."
76561198138724227,Recommended,269790,29238649,Posted: 13 January,all,ItFactorScott,Fun indie horror game that isn't just another Amnesia clone
76561198173293349,Recommended,269790,30052806,Posted: 20 February,all,Diabetes Make me Depressed,Best Horror Game From Indonesian
,Recommended,269790,29630060,Posted: 1 February,all,riisu,"Dreadout is a fun horror game but...i have no idea why a ps2 graphic game is so heavy in my laptop.. D; it's laggy and fps drops sometimes.. esp if i played it on higher resolution.Puzzle is interesting.. and hard without any clues tbh (and there are no clues lmfao).Story is weak. Interesting, but sadly, weak. They could put more background stories or random trivia or more explanation about ghost lores etc, there are so many rooms to develop them.So little ghosts for a horror game... not enough jumpscares, not enough creepy stuffs, not enough ghosts luring around the streets.. (yes, i did all the secret bosses and all but still.. NOT SCARY, they simply just lacking the 'scary' elemets )... T__TPlus point is the funny, if else, interesting achievements like the cat attack thing, or how you have to die from a keysmash or the annoying reversed control because the mice thing... Fun! This game is enjoyable because it's not just walking robot taking picture and solving puzzle thing. Different things might happen on the way of your journey through the end.I'm not really satisfied, but all in all Dreadout is still a good, enjoyable horror game! 7/10.This game has so many potentials and i hope the dev gets more funding and make a better horror game in the future :DAlso i love the second sister boss fight concept! Mirror fight is so fun haha"
,Recommended,269790,29604270,Posted: 31 January,all,saladass,"This game reminds me of Fatal Frame. A beautiful girl lost in a town, many ghosts, melancholy atmosphere, nice soundtrack. It's just perfect! 10/10"
76561198119710855,Recommended,269790,31054776,Posted: 9 April,all,Neither,"Really nice, im not the kind of person that judge a game for its graphics, this one havent the best even for the time but i actualy enjoyed it a lot. I mean, even silent hill (the clasic type of silent hill) had a really weird and hard way to move and fight, and i really enjoy that game, this one have a weird way of moving and ""fighting"" style too, but the game itself compensate the hard controller style with slow enemies, or if not, with enemies that looks like have more problems moving than you, just like those clasic horror games.Also, the game is not based just in screamers, its also the kind of horror that makes you dont want to continue in certain moments.It was a nice game, i recomend it."
76561198319471120,Recommended,269790,25125835,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jack Gao,游戏阴暗的风格突出了它的恐怖风格，玩家在游戏中的视线很小，需要通过手机来照明，并且拍照记录一些重要线索，有时候你拍照的时候会有一些奇怪的东西闯入，要做好心理准备哦。虽然游戏的是第三人称的风格，但是玩家依然能够有种身临其境的感觉，漆黑的小镇和时不时出没的鬼影，不知道这款恐怖游戏是否会吓到你呢？
,Recommended,269790,32790934,Posted: 25 June,all,jive7391,I got traped between two enemies and a corner in the chapter 0... MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,269790,32809765,Posted: 26 June,all,Firebeard,"things ive encountered in this game so far:Black cat that follows you!banana trees with banans on them,texture glitches,being mauled by a naked thic pig man,4th wall breaking clothing article easter egg,lovely messages from the devsbought on sale, but would pay more for this game"
76561198111156514,Recommended,269790,32801625,Posted: 25 June,all,Ninxp,"best horror game 8/10don't play this game at night ,_,seriously don't ,_,"
76561197971842913,Recommended,269790,33750905,Posted: 23 July,all,Mighti,Overall a good game. There were a couple of times I had to look for help because I thought the game had glicthed but it had not and was able to carry on.
76561198061239856,Recommended,269790,34453946,Posted: 23 August,all,Right Hand,This game is awesome. Love this game. Hope there will be DreadOut 2.
,Recommended,269790,34354956,Posted: 19 August,all,Rvi,N A I S GA M E
,Not Recommended,269790,35501799,Posted: 5 October,all,Aviel,"I want to like this game, but damn is it buggy and the controls! I died between two monsters. I keep coming back between said monsters and the game wont let me take my camera out. So, I am in in infinite loop of rebirth and dying. I can start over again if I want. I decided no,which is too bad. This game had promise. But the bugged puzzle, bad controls and such do not give me hope for the rest of the game. Glad I got it on sale."
