user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198083394973,Recommended,269770,32320946,Posted: 10 June,all,sylardean,"Been playing this game now for well over 100+ hours, I'm THAT impressed with it that I have even made a guides page on my own website for it. IF your a fan of the 16bit era of 'action rpg' games, ones such as Legend of Zelda, Secret of Mana, Secret of Evermore, and Chrono Trigger THEN this game is certainly for you, you won't be disappointed.Here's my PROS for BETA 0.007b release..Graphics: The graphics in the game are very colorful, vibrant and unique to the game, it almost reminds me of Earthbound graphics for the Super Nintendo/Famicom. I would NOT change anything at all with them, it suits the game well. The icons, monsters, houses, shops, character design menu, magic spells, the menus, etc are all really great and fits in well with the game also.Music/Sound Effects: These are great, all the music fits well in the areas that are in the game for you to visit, and the sound effects for spells are great also. The minor little things like walking past NPC's as they giggle at you or HO! HO! HO! as you get near them is a great addition. Dynamic sound effects such as getting closer to fountains the water gets louder etc is also implemented into the game, another nice addition.Story: The story seems to be straight forward, collect 'Ancient Artifacts' that can help bring someone back to life, in the mean time there's someone keeping track of you gatehring these items for their own ends.. probably to rule the world or destory it.. (not got that far into the game where that person's reasons are revealed). So it's a pretty basic story but don't let that stop you getting this game.. it's fantastic.Additional: There is tons of stuff to do in this game.. Crafting, Monster Card Hunting, Trophy Collecting & Achievements, Fishing, taking part in festival mini-games, Arena Challenges (solo and in challenge friends mode', Arcade Mode.. a soon to be added Housing System.. AND there is MUCH more planned for future update releases. The devs seems to be listening to the players and what they want, THIS is a good thing.. trust me.Here are my CONS for BETA 0.007b release..1. For the moment there's NOT that many side-quests in the game, it could do with more.2. The areas have so much wasted space that they could do with adding more things into them, like more side-quests.3. The towns dont have much to do in them to be honest.. other than 'Evergrind City', they need to add more stuff in.4. The devs need to work on getting more updates out quicker, I know there's only 3 or 4 people working on this project but it's been going on now for a couple of years, and asking people for money to buy the game should give them the incentive to push updates out faster.Conclusion: In any case, the game is fantastic as it is for the moment, it's certainly a game I will be recommending to people on my website and also to the 'Facebook Groups' i'm a member of that are old school rpg gaming based. I can't wait for the game to be fully finished so I am able to play it right through without having to stop at certain points and wait for the next lot of patches to come out. So what you doing reading THIS..? go buy and PLAY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,269770,17363287,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Astrak,"This review is based on the game in its current state at the time of posting and is completely my opinion. Yours may differ to mine. I also only really played the story mode and did co-op.Secrets of Grindea is an action RPG with a major focus on the story and meticulous detail worked into its environments and graphics.I just completed everything in the Secrets of Grindea that is currently available in the version out at this time and I have to say that what they have so far is fan-bloody-tastic.Things I likedFantastic pixel graphics with fluid animations that make me say ""wow"" in some circumstancesAn interesting story with creative sidequests and lovely charactersHats and lots of them. I'm a Team Fortress 2 man and I found the choice of hats to be most adequate.The plethora of references. I won't spoil any of them, but they're there.The soundtrack consisted of fantastic tracks that all matched their locations in game. Not a single track sounded out of place in this game.Things I didn't like all that muchThe story was a bit short. But that can be attributed to the fact that it's in early access.The limited supply of weapons available was quite disheartening as I found myself wielding the most powerful one-handed sword in the game about 1/2 of the way through the story with not much choice on what else to use.Player customzation is unfortunately incredibly limited with the only changable things being colour of clothing, hair style, hats, and facewear. I found myself yearning for a dress but was sadly stuck with my adventurers outfit. I don't want efficieny, damn it, I want to look fabulous!Overall after I played through and 100% completed the game with a mate of mine we both left with a feeling of satisfaction and the desire to one day return to Grindea when more content is released. What I'm trying to say isbuy the game already. It's worth it."
76561197972337549,Recommended,269770,17103894,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,General Disappointment,"Let me start off by saying if you think this game doesn't have grinding in it...then seek help. There are people who care about you and don't wish to see you go down this path (not me per se, we've only just met. But I'm sure there are people who love you very much. Like your grandmother or that neighbor with the nice rack. Anyway, I'm going off topic here).Secrets of Grindea is a tongue-in-cheek RPG that draws heavily on the nostalgia of games like Secrets of Mana, Zelda: Link to the Past, and Illusion of Gaia. The sprite animations and colorful backgrounds mimic classic 16-bit games and go well with the fluidity of combat. NPCs are prevalent in towns and in the overworld to the point where the world does not feel empty and that their character is not some lone warrior living on a planet full of monsters (though that sounds like an awesome game idea. Dibs). Each area has its own unique feel that you will hopefully enjoy because the aforementioned grinding will have you staying in one area killing the same enemies for drops.The combat is extremely straight forward where your basic attack is spamming one button or having a charged skill where you hold and release one button. Let me go on record to say that I do not think this is a bad thing. Sure, you won't be chaining attacks that culminate in your wooden sword hitting with the power of a tactical nuclear device, but you will be unlocking and upgrading skills that define the way you, the player, wish to play. The skills are limited (for now I hope) to a 1 handed skill set, 2 handed skill set, and a magic skill set. The player is able to mix and match these skills however he or she wants and has the option to refund some or all of the skill points that were spent by spending gold (this is done in the menu rather than with an NPC). There is a bow the player can get from a sidequest but so far doesn't have a dedicated set of skills to leveling up the damage.The story is pretty straightforward for an RPG of the era it emulates: You are a guy or gal that wakes up, is handing a magical bag that can hold anything without weight restrictions and are sent out to become a renowned member of the ""Collectors"". It seems, from the start, that these ""Collectors"" are a bunch of people that go out and collect cool, rare things. It is all very prestigious. And dangerous. And sexy. Seriously, so far every NPC that isn't a Collector is jealous of you. Normally one would have to buy seven sports cars and have an attractive life mate to get that kind of recognition. This game hands that to you right off the bat (Disclaimer: The developers of this game will NOT buy you cars nor introduce you to hot people for a hook up).My main concern with the game is that it seems too short and I say that knowing full well that not all the features in the game have been implemented; this is not the reason that I feel the game is too short. The in-game journal keeps a record of all the enemies in the game and what they drop when killed. Enemies you haven't killed yet appear in the journal as silhouettes. Upon counting (yes, I did a math) I found that there are only about thirty (30) enemies total in the game including boss enemies. This, in my opinion, is a low number which may make gamers shy away from the game. An increase in not just the number of potential enemies but different types of enemies will add more variety to the grinding while still keeping the player's interest high. I eagerly await the areas that have not yet been implemented to the game.Now, I'm not going to end this review by giving the game a number based off of 5 nor 10 nor 325745456415 (<--- not sure what this number is. It just punched my Numpad to come up with something ridiculous). I will end this review with just a few simple words:I enjoy this game.I hope you enjoy it too.Still enjoying the game after so long."
76561198101122775,Recommended,269770,20675437,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ideduce,"I bought this for myself and my best friend. We're using our DnD characters. I love this so much. As does she. When my birthday hits I'll buy it for another friend and you know what.....I will buy someone a coffee <3. Keep developing guys and gals. You've made my day with the wimsical game. It brought back good memories of playing resident evil together, zelda games, and animal crossing. We have fishing contests with each other, and when we summon our cute monsters we give them names. My friend's ice summon was named Baby Meta/ Baby Metaknight <3, and the cloud summon I use is named Malo. It seems my friend though has the heart of the cards as she finds them all leaving me in the dust. We'll play this game till we get 100% for everyone. Thank you so much for your hard work. You've made two best friends so happy."
76561198046516346,Recommended,269770,20171650,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,some dude,"I wasnt %100 sure about this game until i finally said screw it and bought it.It's like if legend of zelda, chrono trigger, and secrets of mana had a baby and taught it funny one liners.10/10 i highly recommend.Will edit post once ive put more time into it.Edit:So far ive made it to the second main boss.My thoughts so far is the bosses are well made and very creative. They are hard to fight and you have to learn every pattern very well if you hope to beat them. There is a little grind in the game but thats all just part of the experience.Edit: 2I have made it as far as i can in early access. Loved it the whole way through. Cannot wait for a new update to add more content."
,Recommended,269770,30778985,Posted: 27 March,all,Electric Monk,"It seems that a lot of the top reviews have forgotten something important from the devs:“Please read all the Early Access info before buying!”So, before you read any reviews,pleaseread that EA description.Back? Alright.The ConcernsThe main concerns I’ve seen from top commenters are amount of content and update frequency. Interestingly enough, the devs address both. First, content. Many complaints tend to stem from the fact that, if you skip cutscenes and side missions, there’s about four hours of content, and their disappointment at its limited playtime, etc. However, the developers noted this in the EA info: “it takes about 4 hours to complete if you skip most of the side content. If you want to do everything currently in Story Mode, expect to invest at least 10 hours.” Does this mean you should buy the game immediately? No. It just makes those complaints about content seem a little less grounded when they were given warning. Next, update frequency. This seems to be the major complaint with most Not Recommended reviews. Surprise surprise, the devs were prepared again.“If frequent updates and/or a determinable release date is very important to you, we advise you to wait for the finished product!”Again, those complaints lose a little luster once it’s clear that there was a warning. With a large development team, big and detailed games can take years. This game is being made by three people. It’s going to take a long time. However, as of today on day of writing, March 27, 2017, the devs posted an update that ends the area that will be the largest until the game’s very end, which means the update frequency should increase. (Sidenote: I don’t blame reviewers for not knowing that. I only learned it existed twenty minutes ago. But, it is important to note.) In any case, the update frequency is pretty good for three people on this intensive of a game. With that out of the way, let’s move to:The GameplayThis is the star of the game. The swing arcs are clearly defined for each weapon, the animations are smooth, it feels good to hit enemies, with enemy recoil and appropriate sound effects, and a wide variety of character expansion options. In Grindea, there is no class system. When you level up, you receive points that you can put into skills, spells, and stat bonuses of your choice. Want to be a brutal tank who crushes their enemies? Do it. Want to be a deadly mage who roasts and electrocutes their opponents from afar? Do it. Want to be a glass cannon who can crit 25% of the time for 165% of their damage? Do it. That’s where the replayability comes from: a wide variety of combat options and stat choices. I personally have all nine character slots filled with hard-hitting tanks and long-range mages and spellswords and summoners and so on. There are even a couple support spells, with more planned for implementation. You can also get a pet by taming some of the common enemies in the game. You can feed them, and they’ll give you stat bonuses if you put enough into one stat.  Grindea is also very playable with a controller, and I recommend it. While keyboard is good, a controller hearkens back to SNES-era RPG’s and feels great. This game also doesn’t want you to grind. Yes, it’s in the name. That’s the joke. The more you try to farm in this game, the more enemies that appear. You can get overwhelmed if you aren’t careful.The StoryI honestly love this game’s story. While the core plot is pretty simple, get some things so the world doesn’t explode, it’s really the characters that make Grindea feel alive. Every character’s text box portraits are detailed and have multiple expressions. Their in-game sprites look good and have smooth animation. These animations give personality to the characters and distinguish them from “blue-haired dude” and “is that Cloud?” There’s growth and blooming relationships between characters. Even with the protagonist, I was pleasantly surprised. Rather than being The Great Hero of the Ancient Prophecy, you’re just a kid doing their job as a Collector, like a lot of other people. You fall into having to save the world rather than being born as the Savior of the Earth or Whatever. You end up “borrowing” some Really Old Super Dangerous and Powerful Artifacts not because a legend told you to, nor because you woke up and decided to, nor because your dead parent spoke to you in a dream or whatever. You just end up having to save the world. There’s charm, wit, humor, and no end of pun names.Singleplayer vs. MultiplayerThere are arguments for both sides of this. While singleplayer is viable and the same experience, you’re just not as strong as with others. Some bosses are very tough without help.Looking at you, Seasons Hydra.With friends that also enjoy this genre, Grindea is excellent. As long as everyone has a half-decent router and a computer that meets the minimum on the store page, you probably won’t have issues. While large areas do take a while to load on less superb computers, it’s nothing unbearable. Unlesssomeone’sping is 30,000. So, if you’re playing this alone, it’s still fun, but you’re going to have to work harder and longer than with others simply because more people make the game easier.The VerdictIf you want a finished game, don’t buy this. If you want a perfectly polished game, don’t buy this. If you want a game that absolutely positively has no bugs, don’t buy this. If what I and the store page have told you has you itching to buy this, buy it. It’s a lot of fun and a good game. If you’re on the fence, pick up the demo. It’ll give you a better sense of gameplay than words ever could. I came into this Early Access game expecting just that. I was pleasantly surprised.  I recommend this game for stellar characters, graphics, animations, music, and mechanics. It’s not finished, certainly. It takes time to make a game, certainly. There are issues, certainly. But what’s there is good. Just because it’s slow doesn’t make it bad."
76561198044241832,Recommended,269770,22187022,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,yes,"This game has driven me to make my first serious review about a game, ever.This game is one of the most satisfying RPG experiences I have ever had, ranking above many AAA games.Everything about this game brings about an intense craving toplay morein the best possible way.Pros:Combat-Large skill tree filled with unique and interesting abilities.-If you like an ability you can level it up over time to make that ability do more awesome stuff-The freedom to mix melee / ranged spells to create a unique playstyle-Epic and highly original bosses that are frequent and challengingThe Story and Regions-Colorful and vibrant art style with very well done sound effects-Likeable characters and lighthearted approach make for an enjoyable story with a mysterious undertone-Main quests take you to several areas that are have their own unique themes and enemies-Regions are fairly large with explorable secrets and puzzles containing hidden lootLoot and Cards-The everpresent chance of obtaining ""cards"" is one that creates the urge to grind each area's different enemies-Not only do enemies drop cards they drop crafting materials as well as rare and unique equipable gear to further create incentive to grindTHE DEVS!-The trio over at Pixel Ferrets are incredibly talented and hard working-Weekly dev blog updates along with frequent patches add tons of content at a high rate-Buy them coffee to add hyperspeed perk to your favorite dev teamOther Pros:-Easy to connect multiplayer supporting up to 4 people-Well done controller support-A talking bag that roasts peopleCons:-Smallish amount of craftable material (But of course more will be added over time)-Some bosses are way harder than others on the hard difficulty (perhaps need more difficulty settings?)As an early access review the full potential of this game has yet to be realized however; this game has so much personality, tied with a fun combat system and an enjoyable playthrough experience making for a game that has a lot to give.This game is growing fast so you'll always be able to come back and enjoy more of the world of Grindea!I would highly reccommend that you purchase this game if you love RPG's because this RPG is every gamers wet dream."
,Recommended,269770,19215210,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,The_Protagonist 主人公,"Story-wise, it's nothing special. The story is well-written, funny at times, but ultimately nothing that will win any prizes.Action-wise, it's nothing special. Combat systems and skill trees reminiscient of soo many other games of the same kind.Visuals are not really anything special either. Everything is cute and well-made, like in so many other games of the same kind.But you know what? It's engaging, it's fast-paced, it's completely glitch-free and smooth, and most importantly it supports multiplayer through Steam. It's both a relaxing and fast-paced Action RPG that I can definitely recommend that you enjoy with a friend or two. Not to mention it is still in Early Access, which means there's lots of content to still come.So far, this game is extremely well-made and polished, and definitely something you can sink some time into, alone or not; though the multiplayer aspect was ultimately what made me buy it. I haven't tried the arcade mode yet, but I already feel I've seen enough of this game to recommend it dearly."
76561197973399543,Recommended,269770,18125017,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Azalraku,"I've been waiting for a game like this for YEARS.Zelda/ Ys meets Castlevania, with a story like something out of SNES-era JRPGs.Grindea doesn't take itself too seriously, but really hits home with amazing sprite animations, exeptionally tight and ballanced gameplay, a loot/crafting system that makes you actually want to collect things you don't need, and a simple, yet complex level up system that honestly doesn't feel like any I've seen before, and to top it off, it's got a killer hard mode (arcade mode) that reminds me why I suck at rouguelikes, yet for some reason keep coming back to them!Oh, AND it's got a great coop system! My gf and I look for fun coop games pretty frequently, and we're often dissapointed. Not this time! Great weekend gaming/ veg session!The only gripe I have, is that since it's early access, the adventure content is incomplete. It took the two of us about 14 hours to ""complete"" the story at 100%. Arcade mode had more stuff, but was a little too punshing for us to experiment much.  I need the rest of that story!Seriously. Buy this game. At full price."
,Recommended,269770,21161689,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Man Nurse,"To start... I'm on the fence about this one. If steam offered a ""maybe"" option, I'd pick that.  It was number one on my wishlist for a long time. A LONG TIME. Having a baby this summer, so prob not gonna be able to play much games when that happens, plus the development is taking centuries on this one, so I figured I might as well enjoy what I can out of this game now since it might not happen later.The Good: The game sings of polish and love. What is done is fantastic. It looks simply amazing and you can tell there has been a lot of talent and devotion put into what is playable. The gameplay is freaking awesome. So much diversity, so many options for builds. You can go pure range caster, you can go one handed dps build, or put points into heaving hitting two handed skills that'll take a quarter of a bosses hp down in one well timed hit. There's a lot of choice. And you can also respec at a hefty in game currency price for those who like that option. The gameplay is a 10/10. Really ace.Most pickups are shown aesthetically on your character. The hats (which is arguably the most viewable part of your character over boots and armor since your head is huge) are viewable, while the chest pieces and boots are not. It's basically just headwear and weapons. You also have the option to have ""style items"" which are items that always show regardless of what you have equipped. Like the witch hat look? Equip it in style, and put a better stat hat to boost you.Replayability: It's definitely there. I'll likely replay the story mode several times at least, just to try different builds. One handed, two handed, caster, etc. It'll be fun.The Not Nearly As Good: For having been in development for many years, really, like five years, I was both surprised and disappointed at the scarcity of actual content. There are only a handful of quests. There is a laughable amount of items. For example, I went with a two hand warrior build my first playthough, and I counted five weapons. FIVE. I have all of them. And they all have the same attack animation. A swing arc in front. I was kind of picturing a little more... There are only a couple of areas in the game right now. I don't know how many more are planned but the game felt about half done progression wise to me. To give you an idea, you can fight your way across the entire map in about 15-20 minutes.The temples are cool, but they're short! The first took me maybe 30 minutes. The second, took about 30-40. And that's it. There's two temples. I looked for side quests of which there are many, but they're short too.  For how long the temples are, I was expecting ten of them. Nope. I think story mode took me about five hours in total and I got 72% on completion. Some of that was spent mindlessly farming for combat's sake and some more of that was spent in the arena doing the two challenges over and over to get them perfect.Arcade mode is another beast. I want to love it, but it honestly frustrates the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. It seems way unbalanced. It's basically a roguelite within the game. You start at level 0 and fight through small arena level maps called floors, to a boss, onto the next floor. And it's hard as balls. Hence the frustration. Take damage 3-4 times and your dead. There are NO HEALTH DROPS when fighting. You get a measly health orb when you beat the boss and progress onto the next floor, but honestly, I think the whole arcade mode just needs rebalancing, or a freaking difficulty mode option. Make it so enemies do less damage, or drop health orbs, whatever. I've played it for several hours and only gotten to floor 3 like twice. Out of what, 12? I'm frustrated when I play arcade mode.Not to mention the slow as turtle progression system associated with arcade mode. You get ""essence"" which you can spend to unlock perks to start arcade mode. For example you can buy the perk which unlocks a small metal sword to boost damage from 25 at start to 35. Great. Except it takes FOREVER to get the essence. They're not guaranteed drops and I maybe get one every 3-4 runs of arcade mode. And it costs ten to unlock the lowest perks? Then fifty for a second perk slot (so all your perk unlocks are useless because you can only bring one perk at a time until you unlock another perk slot) and 150 for the third and final. Good crap. This could be fixed by lowering perk costs, or guaranteeing drops based on point scores, but as of now, I could put 100 hours into the arcade mode alone before I unlocked another perk slot. Frustrating.Overall: Like I said in the beginning, I'm really torn. I absolutely adore the combat and look of this game. It's amazing. I just wish there was more of it. It really only wet my whistle. I am left wanting. The arcade mode? I want to like it, but am left.... not liking it due to the current (albeit fixable) issues I see in it. I'll rate this up, but I really recommend just waiting for release... in 2020. Then you can play the entire game at once."
,Recommended,269770,18214225,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Lord_Mikoda,"So. I got this game because it was cheap, and looked kinda fun. Well, I was not really expecting to be too amused, the game looked kinda low Q and corny.6 hours later i nthe same sitting, I realized I had not eaten anything, nor had a bathroom break. Well, it was a little late.10/10 would sit in♥♥♥♥♥♥again.Now for a more serious review.This game is 15 bucks at the time of this review.I have spent 30 on games that were NOT EVEN CLOSE to as good. I mean, after 20 minutes the game is already throwing you into a deep and fun story. after an hour you have already laughed your♥♥♥♥♥off more than once, and the game does a damned good job of not taking itself to serious.For an ""ARPG"" with great elements from zelda, secrets of mana, and God knows what else lies ahead, it plays any RPG fan into a lifetime of fun. The game excessively reminds you it's about the grind that RPGs generally have, yet you don't feel underpowered at all when you rush through something. On the flip side - it forces you to go back and grind because you feel like you are missing something if you don't.Pros ---Great Storyline-HOURS of content in a tiny little package-Devs clearly care about the game because it gets constant attention-Has parodies of all types of games (no spoilers)-YOU CAN FISH-Side story is still amazing, even in alpha/Early Access stages-Character options are not limited. You can be a mage, tank, DPS, or all, or a mix of whatever.-YOU CAN FISH!-Fishing has rewards-Fish have a purpose-Fish have multiple purposes-Fishing is seriously fun in this game-FISH-I see a ton of replay valueCONS -----No timer letting you know you have been playing for 6 and a half friggin hours straight.-Seriously, I can't find any cons for this game, and that scares me.Overall, this game is amazing.Graphics - 9.5/10 - They are amazing, a great homage to classic gaming.Sound - 9/10 - Some sound effects are a bit overbearing at times, and if you drop the volume you miss out on the little effects.Music - 10/10 - Great score. The entire game has music that keeps you going. At no point did I dislike it a bit. I almost didn't even notice myself humming to it all the time.Gameplay - 10/10 - The gameplay is perfect. For it's genre and subs, it has all of the elements in the right place. PLUS you have so much freedom in character creation.Controls - 9/10 - Id give it a ten, but sometimes the placement of things feels a little off. May be a bit better after you get used to it more I guess. Nothing is actually bad about them, but personally I miss keys from time to time when I need to chain things together.Overall, this game has a solid and simple 9.75/10. I mena, just buy it. You wont regret it a bit. They creators have done an amazing job, and I can't wait till this game is complete, and a sequal is in the works."
,Recommended,269770,18465813,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Astebrooke,"This game is what I've been missing since the advent of the Nintendo 64 and Playstation.  A quality, amusing, fun, multiplayer RPG that lets you be who you want to be and play with your friends.  A lot of the game is simple enough to pick up, while other aspects seem frustratingly incomprehensible (at first).The Good:Can choose the colors of your character's clothes and hair to stand out from other playersCan change your character's hairstyle to stand out as wellCan not only equip masks to look different, but can equip a ""style"" for masks, weapons, and shields, to allow your character to look a certain way without sacrificing the stats on their gear.  Major props to the developers for that mechanic.Humor.  This game has plenty of it.Active developers who read their forums and respond to feedback.  They not only tell you what they're doing every week, they show images and animated gifs that prove it's not just hot air.Experience Cap - You can avoid outleveling your friends by hunting in areas that are beneath you, so you get money and items but no XP.Arcade Mode - A randomly generated series of rooms that let you play a character with your friends and work toward the development of a town.Puzzles - The Temple of Seasons especially.  The use of seasons to not only affect the monsters' abilities, but also affect what can be done with the room, is amazingly well done.  Some of the other puzzles (like the bells) require a little attention to detail to figure out.  includes puzzle-related humor as well.Fishing - Because fish!  Ok, because it's a free way to get pet food, and the time investment doesn't make it feel cheaty for the return.Pets! - Because pets!  They don't fight for you, but you can increase your stats by feeding your pets certain items/fish.  The more they level the more food it will take, so you may wish to devote specific pets to specific traits.The Not-so-Good:Characters only ever have one clothing style, regardless of colors.  Perhaps my character wants to run around in robes, while my brother's wants to run around in a martial arts outfit like the monks in Evergrind.  What if my friend's female character wants to wer a dress, impractical as they are for adventuring?  Male or female, you only get one (the same) set of clothes.Small development team - While not really a bad thing, it does make the updates take a lot longer.  I applaud their desire to keep with a stable core that isn't going to lose interest and disappear during a project, but at the same time I wish they could produce updates just a little faster.  The forums show multiple offers of assistance, which are politely declined.Arcade Mode - Every time you die, you start over at level 1.  This doesn't make for a ""grind"" as much as a monotonous loop of re-leveling and trying to get back to where you had been.  While being too weak in the story mode allows you to backtrack and level, or hunt cards, the Arcade Mode forces you to keep moving into progressively more dangerous territory, and one bad spawn can reset you to zero instead of just backing off and leveling some more.Equipment limitations - With a good drop on one of the bosses you can have one of the best 1-h weapons in the current release of the game, halfway into Story Mode.  Most caster gear is functionally limited until far into the second temple, while you can get great melee armor and weapons throughout.  Even buying all gear and dropping/crafting allarmors as of the end of the current release, some of the most useful caster gear was either available 1/3 of the way into the game (MP regen robes) or at the end of current content (temple loot/drops).Monster Cards - While I do believe they are awesome and useful, I feel the benefits they grant are so powerful in some cases that you become reliant on them, rather than simply empowered by them.  To change them now might require some major balance tweaks, but Bloomo and Pecko are the two that spring to mind.  Without them I stood little chance alone in the Temple of Seasons against the mini-boss, after XP slowed to a crawl.  It seems awkward relying on those to beat a few fights...  Later in the game, unless more high-HP boosting cards are added to balance tough fights, I could see them being less useful.  For now though, they're pretty much a necessity.Economy - It never really seems like you have to worry about money in this game.  By the time I stopped hunting all the cards and mob drops, I had enough money to raise my Jumpkin to level 10 purely off potions.  Buying anything else was like picking out pocket lint, for all the impact it made in my savings.I believe that the game has incredible potential, and is great fun as it stands now.  I've put in 41.2 hours as of the time of this writing, and most if it is in Story Mode.  I probably won't be gaining much on my play time until they release more, but I keep checking the devblog every week for updates.Pixel Ferrets, I salute your game.  Keep at it."
,Recommended,269770,21349002,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MOUSAK LULU,"This might be catching your interest, and it definitely is very interesting. Even though they still are on early access, then they made a really good job on keeping me going with this game. I usually don't enjoy singleplayer games, so i only play Local Co-op with my girlfriend.OBS!!! FOR THOSE WHO ARE INTERESTED IN LOCAL CO-OP!!There is just one little thing that made me frustrated. That is how to fix the Local Co-op mode. I had to search around a bit until I found it. You have to download something called steam_appid.txt which you can find on this link down here: (file is from a staff member called Teddy)http://secretsofgrindea.com/forum/index.php?threads/local-co-op-on-2-computers.913/Put it in the ...Steam\steamapps\common\SecretsOfGrindea folder. Then you have to run 2 windows at one time and do some other things in order to make each controller locked for each window you opened. You'll find more out on the steps that you will be following in the guide on that page!It works really good when you get everything to work! I play on two different monitors at the same time, my laptop screen and TV screen using HDMI cable. Works really well! You can also have two windows running in a single monitor ofc, or 4 windows if you would like that. It has its cons and pros ofc.GL & HF!"
76561198047977354,Recommended,269770,33905692,Posted: 30 July,all,Euphoria,"Secrets of Grindea 8/10As the name suggests, Secrets of Grindea has a LOT to grind. Being purely luck based, the game could have you playing for hours on end without getting what you want, or simply getting it too quickly. Secrets of Grindea, if I had to explain it in the shortest way possible, I'd say this: Completionist's Wet Dream. Why do I say that? Well, continue reading and you'll see why.Early Access: 10/10The reason I'm giving Early Access a 10/10, is because the developer has and continues to update the game, and allows us to see the process in which he is doing it, shows us what he is doing and tells us what he has planned for the future. He promised a housing system when I first got the game, one of the lastest patches gave us that housing system, with enough furniture for me to be pleased. This is what Early Access games should be like.Fighting: 8/10Fighting is 90% of what you will be doing in the game. Although there are different things such as Fishing and Housing System, the game is centered around its fighting. It starts off simple, the game gives you your first weapons, a one-handed sword, a two-handed club and a shield. Now, different to the fighting system in most games, you get to use the shield for both. The Two-Handed weapons, and the One-Handed weapons contain different abilities you can learn through the game, 5 abilities for each, allowing you to polish your fighting style. In the future, you may also specialize in magic, having to choose from four different elements: Fire, Ice, Earth and Air.Personally, I was a bit sad there were no classes in the game, but at the same time you may build your character however you want without any sort of limitation. I loved the fighting, nonetheless. I'll say it's one of the funnest fighting systems. More in-depth explanation in ""Talent System""Talent System: 8.5/10The Talent System is very easy to use. One-Handed and Two-Handed get a certain amount of abilities, which you will be upgrading as you level up. So the Talent System has multiple points you can utilize, one you can use on your abilities, in a basic matter (1-5) and from there you use another point, called the Golden point (5-10) which enhances your ability. I personally felt the two-handed and one-handed played very differently.The last point, the third one is used on your passives. This is where you decide whether your character is tanky, by giving it +%HP or building your character crit damage, even Magic Attack. If you end up regreting your decision, you can click the ability and refund, which will cost you a bit of gold. You will be getting a lot of gold if you stick around to grind for everything.Grinding: 10/10With that being said, let's move onto the grinding. The grinding in this game, is fantastic. Giving you multiple things to finish, farm, and complete. This is why I said, a completionist will love this game. Every zone has 5 fish which you can catch, it is very fun and fish are good for use in the future.When you get your pet, you feed fish, or the items animals drop to make it stronger.Aside from the fishing in every zone, every monster in the game has a very low drop rate to their ""card"" .. These cards, give you permanent boosts, some to your magic attack, some to simple things like extra discount on items you buy. The most common card being a 0.3% droprate. If you dedicate yourself to getting all of these cards, it will increase your gametime exponentially.Controls: 9/10The controls in this game are very simple. You move with the arrow keys, attack with Z and block with X. Your abilities also being close to the Z and X for easier reaction time (C, A, S, D, V, F, Q, W, E, R) All the keys being modifiable, and controller support making it great.Misc: 10/10The Mechanics are very interesting. When you pick up an item of interest (Armor or Weapon) it will appear on the top right, comparing it to the item you have equipped. If you wish to equip your picked up item, you press Tab and ta-da! Your item has been equipped.As for the menu, while you'll be going there a lot to check your talents, and there is no specific button to open it, it's extremely easy to navigate. Separated into 8 categories (Character, Equipment, Inventory, Crafting, Skills, Journal, World Map, System.) the game is easy to work around. Realistically speaking, you'll be using a maximum of 4 of those 8, but it's still nice to be able to see your character's stats.Everything you equip in the game can be changed into an item you own. If you have a two-handed weapon you like the way it looks, but it's weaker, you can equip it as ""Style"" and it will replace your current weapon. It's the same with your Hat, Facegear and Shield. And if you are not the type of person to care for it, you may always hide it by right-clicking on the original item.The Housing System is great, but I will warn you now, it takes a lot of money. It's great because you may make it as big as you want (As far as I've seen, I haven't tested the limit but I have spent over 50k gold on it) with upcoming furniture and a very intuitive system to change the house around, allowing you to change even the lighting on different rooms, to how you want your house's structure to be. Keep in mind, the game is still beta and housing is still not perfect, missing some furniture to fill your house perfectly, you will get more furniture as you complete more dungeons.Co-op in the game works beautifully, with a very easy to set-up server for newbies, it's just a point and click with multiple options, You may set the loot to Round-Robin or Every man for himself, where you just run to get the items, first come, first serve. With an Arcade Mode that I haven't truly gotten around to trying and an arena zone, where you can play Player vs. Player, or unite all to try and kill waves of monsters, getting graded by your time and damage you took, making it interesting to have everyone screaming at each other because a person got tickled by a monster and now you can't get that perfect S.The difficulty is flexible and can be changed inside the game, even during a fight. I wasn't much of a fan on the hard aspect of the game, because I never truly liked bullet hells, and it definitely turns the boss fights into just that. But if it gets too difficult, you can always go back to normal difficulty.Story: 6.5/10And last, but not least, the story in this game is pretty basic. Without getting too much into detail, you can play with your friends through it all, it adds no change, apart from the fact that you need to farm for more cards per player. I couldn't get into the story, some very funny characters I enjoyed interacting with, some I couldn't wait to get off my back. I laughed a lot in the dialogue, that I won't lie about. The con of the game, for me, was the storyline. But it did not make the gameplay through the story unenjoyable, I just prefered the aspects of farming in the game."
,Recommended,269770,20843780,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,.oLu,"The best 2D RPG i have played in modern times!I am captured by this game, it's the only modern 2D RPG that I love and spent hours experimenting in. I have been wanting a game like this for so long, but I could never find any good ones.Anyone who liked Secret of Mana or the Zelda games are stupid to not try this, you will love this game!I am so in love with this game that I read the dev blog every week to see if they have released any new content.+The developers are super friendly and open about their work. They post all their work and progress weekly on their blog, and they anwer most of the questions and suggestions the community post on their forum. Never experienced a more caring and passionate company than Pixel Ferrets!"
76561198029413779,Recommended,269770,25362684,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Peabnut Bubber,"Absolutely fantastic. I mean that, Best $15 I've spent in a good while.This developer earned my appreciation in a lot of ways in just 30 minutes. First, There is a free demo of the game. You can actually see, first hand, whether the game is going to run properly on your machine without spending a dime. Second, The game warns you of an error that makes some pcs run fullscreen mode badly in the demo. I do not experience this error, I find that it runs perfectly in fullscreen on my (rather old) pc. But the fact that they make that apparent in the demo shows an amount of respect for your time and money that, as a games consumer, I'm well accustomed to not getting. Third, The actual content of the game:Take the 2D Zelda titles, Update the pixel art quality, Add in Diablo-inspired skill trees, but hold the class restrictions. Then add active blocking with a timing mechanic that makes a perfectly timed block benefit you in some way, Differently depending on the attack being blocked. Then vary the weapons, One handed weapons for a swift attacking mobile build, Two handed for a slower hard-hitter, passive buffs on weapons for builds with other sources of damage. Then add spells; Simple fireballs, ice spikes, and chain lightning for damage. Utility spells like haste and damage buffs, Summons to support you, Debuffs to slow or continually damage enemies, and (Being a game in beta) More to come.Then there are the little things:*Pressing a key on your keyboard will change the control prompts to keyboard keys, Pressing a button on your controller will turn them into controller versions. No need to fiddle around with the options, It's automatic.*Downloading the demo before buying the game completes some of the full download, Reducing the time the download takes and minimizing redundant data use.*Your save files from the demo will be carried over to the full game should you (And you should) Purchase it.*And a tongue-in-cheek sense of humor present throughout that amuses me while not taking me out of the experience.I look very much forward to this game's future development and eventual completion, and to whatever Pixel Ferrets decides to do after. With the clear high standard of quality and respect for their customers they display I have no doubt in my mind that it will satisfy."
,Recommended,269770,17068300,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"This is a fun little ARPG, Well worth the price, lots to do and smooth gameplay. Reminds me of the good old SNES days, and includes lots of references to other games. Kudos to the devs on a job well done, I've only played a little bit of the game so far but i am really liking what i have experienced. I like the fact you can relive boss fights encase you missed an item or if you just want to practice against them. I get nervous when it comes to Early Access titles, but this one tops every other i have tested. Really like the artwork, sprites and music. Lots of different ways to build your character. Refund stats option is nice. Feels like a finished game, cannot wait to see what the devs add in later on."
76561198005782293,Recommended,269770,19349757,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Pohster,"It's a zelda-eqse play-with-your-friends 8 bit RPG + an additional mode where you can play it as a roguelike with your friends. It's incredibily polished and the combat system is well refined and requires more timing and depth than other games of the same genre. While some of the ways to beat the bosses are cliche, this is not necessarily a downside because they are splendidly executed. Furthermore, there are a fair amount of bosses whose patterns/attacks the developers have taken creative liberty to make unique, unexpected, and enjoyably difficult. Characters are not class bound; rather each character has a limited number of usuable skill points and the same pool of skills they can choose from. This allows for multiple unique playthroughs on both story and arcade (roguelike) mode. I haven't found a similar game that brings forth the amount of depth, polish and nostalgia that Grindea has."
76561198044490993,Recommended,269770,32419252,Posted: 14 June,all,Aedori,"This game has been a long time in the making and there is still a while to go. With that said, what the devs do release is very well polished. This game reminds me of a mix between Legend of Mana and Link to the Past. I have spent many hours trying to find all the things there are to find and I am still not at 100%.The Pros:Cute GraphicsMusic is OriginalPets!Fishing!Love the storyThe Devs are AMAZING and listen to those who submit bugs and ideas!The Cons:The game is not done yetSo for those who want to be involved and like seeing progress that early access games go through, get this game.For those who hate getting early access games because you have to wait for the game to be completed, put it on your wish list or follow it! You will not regret it.I wish more games were made with the level of care that this is being made with. It really shows in every little detail and the final product is going to be breathtaking."
76561198234431684,Recommended,269770,32750576,Posted: 24 June,all,Vyrdaus,"Now I normally don't buy Early Access games because I feel they won't ever be complete, but a friend asked me to play this game with them so I bought it. After finishing the current Beta version of the game I can say with the upmost certainy that this is the best Early Access game I have ever played, and here is why:+ It runs perfectly on my piece-of-crap laptop+ It has co-op for up to 4 players (this didn't cause lag like some other games in my Steam library do)+ the combat is pretty good+ almost all the boss fights are amazing, easily the most enjoyable part of the game+ the lore is surprisingly deep for how colorful the game is+ after the first few areas, there is a fairly diverse assortment of interesting and unique enemies+ the only glitch I saw for the entirety of the game was that during the fesitival you could walk through the entire accessory shop as it had no collision code+ game is fairly cheap being $14.99 where I liveOverall, very solid game for its price if you're looking for a simpler game to play with friends or just casually grind for loot stuff."
76561198012542172,Recommended,269770,17101195,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Vallerian,"I loved playing Zelda, Secret of Mana, Illusion of Time and many other games on my SNES. I still own it and from time to time I hook it up to my TV and replay these games.Secrets of Grindea fits right in.Pros:Very well written!Great Story so far!Crafting!Lootz!Absolutely beautiful in both the sound and art department!Cons:Early Access and thus not done yet! :)Would I recommend this game?Absolutely!!!And I really think it is worth its money even in the ""state"" it is right now which is amazing for an early access game!"
,Recommended,269770,26728569,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,mattjelly,"If you like grinding, leveling, gear crafting, pets, collecting and exploring this game may be for you.Great early access title.Buy it and enjoy."
,Recommended,269770,28195406,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,GaoGaoDinosaur,"A long overdue small sum of points I suppose.At the current state the game is beyond playable without being completed.The team takes the time to polish everything they put out even though it may take a long time its well worth it.Tons of skills , abilities and pixel art? Win :DStory mode to 100 percent probably 30-40 hours of content alone right now??Arcade mode is well..... Endless and great fun.If you have been browsing or following the game for a while now, Just get it lol. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,269770,17038009,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mighty Maus,"Secrets of Mana.... I mean of Grindea is a great game so far, Although unfinished (As most betas are) The secret of Grindea is a homage to one of the best RPGs to the SNES, adding in it's own spin on the classic game style. The bosses are challanging, the animations and gameplay is fluid and really nice, you can fish, there are hats. All in all it's a really solid game so far, and I'm excited to see what they can do with it.This is definitely a game to look forward to once it's complete. Although I wouldn't reccomend people buying it right now at the stage it is at unless they want that nostalgia of playing this style of game with friends. I think it's still a little too incomplete to be playable for an extended period of time... Mainly because you'll finish how much they have in the game so far fairely quick. But if the Devs read this, Keep up the good work, because if the rest of the game is as good as how much of it I have seen. And if the content of it keeps expanding so there's replayability to it this is going to be a game that brings a lot of people to it."
76561198046058821,Recommended,269770,17387810,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jhdavidson83,It's like Secret of Mana and Link to the Past had a 16 bit baby together... and I love it.  Thanks you guys!
76561198042913113,Recommended,269770,31596160,Posted: 6 May,all,caidicus,"A mixture of really fun RPG with really frustrating elementsTo start, I do recommend this game, however it's not without its qualities that I absolutely dislike.That's not to say they're faults of the game, just that they makemeangry enough to need a break.There are so many things about this game done right, the artwork is well done, the sound and music is pretty spot on, and the story is decent so far.I enjoy the combat and the leveling+skill system all feels pretty good, despite there still being some unfinished skills.I also really like the items and collecting in the game, what with unique drops, elite monsters, etc.About the only thing that turns me off about the game is that some of the boss battles and puzzles can drag the experience on, artificially inflating actual play time.I fought the first real boss, a giant robot, and kept dying, trying to take it down in its last stage. What I didn't know, without checking the guide,is that it will die automatically, after its last stage, so you basically just have to avoid its bullets for a little while, till it dies.I'm not a fan of having to look at a guide online, just because the game doesn't indicate its mechanics clearly enough.A character could easily say something like ""It's imploding on itself, just stay out of its way, and we're almost there!"" or something. There was no indication of what I should do, and this, frankly, is what happens quite a bit in the game. You're supposed to just ""know"" something completely random in order to progress.Another gripe I have is that the difficulty spikes a lot, in various different places. You'll be feeling pretty proud of yourself for beating a boss, or grinding up a dozen levels. You'll be killing everything without issue, feeling like a bad@$$, and then suddenly your face gets smashed in by a boss that seems to be dozens of levels too high for you.This will happen a lot, which left me feeling like ""am I going to have a good time, or am I suddenly going to face a challenge that frustrates me for two hours?""Also on my list of annoyances are the puzzles. I spent two hours trying to solve a single puzzle last night. In the end, I caved and looked at a guide. The solution rather♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, because it was the ONLY solution involving moving around 12 pieces. So, a puzzle that involves 12 pieces on a grid of let's say 40X80, to find the exact right way to place each piece, this wasn't fun. The room design for that puzzle also wasn't at all suggestive of a solution, which is something most good games with puzzles do, suggest a solution through the level design.You'd think with all my complaining, I'd not recommend this game, and in fact you'd be wrong.Regardless of its downfalls, things that I personally don't like, it's a really good game. As I mentioned above, the leveling is good (super grindy, but what did you expect from Secrets of Grindea), the skill system, the art style, the music, the item collection, crafting, story...All of it is done quite well.If you're into retro-styled RPGs, with very definite nods to the past, you'll probably like this one, even if it does make you feel stupid, from time to time."
,Recommended,269770,31281354,Posted: 21 April,all,MTaur,"There is already enough there to justify a purchase, even if progress is slow.Character building is flexible.  Control is tight.  Boss fights are SNES-era multi-stage endeavors.  It's easy to see how it would take a small team a long time to make this content.You can check out their blog and judge for yourself whether they're on a proper pace.  There's even a free demo.I wouldn't expect a 100% finished game this year, but we already have a 100% playable and fun SNES-style game that looks 60-70% finished content-wise.  The quality and variety is competitive with old-school SNES ARPGs, and this is all coming from a much smaller team than who was making similar games in the 90s.  It's a great mix of nostalgia with enough innovation to make it their own.  They are maintaining a steady pace and consistency of quality so far.It isn't humanly possible to do it much faster, and if you want a complete game fast, you can hold your money instead of your breath when it comes to this title."
76561198272611876,Recommended,269770,20818409,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Kalikoh64,"Oh. My. God. The movie trailer does nothing for this game. They make it look almost too cartooney - however - If Secret of Mana and Zelda had a lovechild... you get this game. It is so FUN and addicting. Ive been playing multiplayer with my brother and sister in law who live 3 hours away and its the coolest way to connect with them. It is exciting and challenging for seasoned gamers, but my sister-in-law who never picks up a controller can play right along with us. The game itself has lots to do - quests, LOTS of side activities so you wont get bored. And dare I say... grinding/farming is actually somehow... FUN in this game? I havent found 1 singular thing i did not like about this game. It's a magestic work of art. For the love of god and all things holy PLEASE keep on developing and adding more content. Not like we need any yet... We've played 22 hours getting trophies and doing quests and upgrading our gear so we havent even made a dent in the story line. But this game is worth every goddamn cent. Buy it. You wont regret it. Dear Developers: YOU STRUCK GOLD, KEEP GOING!"
,Recommended,269770,23306264,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,HuEVA,"A great game.  I reminds me so much of Snes: Zelda.  This game is enjoyable, and worth a buy.My wife and I love playing it co-op.  She is not the best gamer, however the controls and interface a suitably accessable."
76561198016290420,Not Recommended,269770,30182570,Posted: 25 February,all,Binnes,18+ months of early access and there's still only 4 hours of story/10 hours total gameplay? I wouldn't recommend this unless on sale or after it is fully released (if that ever happens)
,Recommended,269770,34516256,Posted: 26 August,all,jackson,"This game is awesome! If you're a fan of old school 16-bit graphics like from Link to the Past or Secret of Mana, you're going to fall in love with this game. If you like online co-op, a witty story, and action RPGs- pull the trigger and buy it.Pros:- Great for online co-op!!! Definitely the highlight of the game, I probably would have never played it otherwise. Playing with a friend made for a great experince.- The artwork is GORGEOUS!- Love the HP system. There isn't any healing and you have to rely on health drops which makes the game challenging at times.- Character build customization is really cool, you can be anything from an air bender swordsman or a mult-magic type summoner or bruiser 2-hand wielder.- The story and dialogue is hilarious. My friend and I were laughing out loud a lot during the game.- Boss fights, temples, puzzles are all awesome. The current last boss is crazy.Cons:- The game is about ~75% complete. The fourth temple is not in the game yet, and there's also a few things you can't do yet.- You will probably beat the whole game in under 20 hours, and then there's not really much left to do.- Low replay value because of the linear story. However, because of character customization and online co-op it could be fun to play with others again and try new builds.- The game feels a little uneven after the first two temples. The third area/temple is like a whole story in itself, and there's not really a temple. Don't get me wrong I loved the third area, but it did feel a little out of place."
,Not Recommended,269770,26156912,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,KuroKa,"Updated reviewIt's good, I would say wait until it's FULL RELEASE to even consider buying- and before I start off this, let it be known I have nothing but love for this game and the devs themselves, they're great people, it's a great game but I need to be honest here.The multiplayer works perfectly, I honestly couldn't detect any syncing issues which was nice.I feel like there should be more customization options both in character creation and skills, I know there will eventually be more skills, it's just a matter of waiting.The crafting system is grind heavy, I personally like that but I understand it's not for everybody.I feel like the combat is a little too easy once you get the hang of it although I love the enemy variety in this game and every boss can provide a bit of challenge but outside of the bosses, the game is a breeze.The story is basically non-existent at this point but I will say the writing is charming and humorous, I actually caught myself laughing at some points.The updates are very infrequent and at this point and it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, I won't hold anything back on that, since last year the story hasn't progressed in any meaningful way, I can't even bring myself to open this game anymore unless a friend asks me to play.Overall I give it a 3/10, I would give it a 10/10 if updates were more frequent but as a customer I'm very frustrated and frankly I'm tired of the early access game tropes.The arcade mode is also kind of fun, forgot about that, it's kind of like binding of isaac in a small small way, pretty difficult when playing solo."
76561198028049202,Recommended,269770,23043534,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kupo Games,"Normally I wouldn't play Early Access games, but this is in a very good state - didn't find any bugs, and there's already a lot of content.I made the mistake of starting the game in hard mode and struggling for a while before changing it to normal, but besides that, I had a great time. The pixel art is beautiful, the environments and enemies are varied, the puzzles are fun diversions, and the dialogue contains just the sort of humour that I like."
,Recommended,269770,34196798,Posted: 12 August,all,Davoodinator,Secret of Mana 2017 edition w Western design influences such as sandboxing and open multiplayer and tons of classic Easter eggsA+
76561198170000118,Recommended,269770,24486067,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Lwm,How this game is currently1. Hit things till they die with weapons and/or magic2. Take their items and money3. Make stuff with those items4. Do the occasional Quest5. Fight the occasional boss6. Fight those bosses till you get their items7. Fish for six hours8. Kill everything until you get their cardThis is why people might like or dislike this game but if you can't tell that there's grinding in this game you probably don't have a proper vocabulary
,Recommended,269770,20130689,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BlueSammy!,"Secrets of Grindea is a great game, the fighting is great, I love the art, the grinding/farming is not to horrible either. I love the skill tree also, No set classes are awesome! My only problem with this game is the update rate, I know they don't have a huge team, But I NEED MORE! This game is awesome, I would HIGHLY recommend. If you like Zelda type of art and fighting, or even if you don't, this game could be for you."
,Recommended,269770,26589279,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tenken,Great game but really needs more consistent updating.
76561198025292759,Recommended,269770,23711861,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,linkwaker10,"Yes!... But no at the same time(well at least no for right now)It's very reminiscent of the ARPGs of the past and definitely reminds me of the GB Zelda series (like the oracles series) and for those really needing to scratch that itch, it scratches that itch... halfway. I really REALLY want this story mode to be finished and figured I put in a bit of money for early access to help entice the devs a little and signed up for the front-line beta to see what's up and coming. Seeing as how consistent they've been on their dev blog, I'm suret hat my money hasn't been put out there in vain.What is present of it rn though, I think it could flesh out to be a really nice and unique experience especially with how out of the ordinary your companion is XD. (and no! it's nothing like Navi or Tatl kek)The only reason to buy it now is to experience the arcade mode, which btw is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic with other people!"
,Recommended,269770,24380949,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mr. 3.1415926,"Best game I've played in ages. I feel so amazed with the game, even if the Story Mode is short. The Arcade Mode made me feel like m playing a more unforgiveable Binding of Issac. This game is pure amazing!"
76561198042500777,Recommended,269770,17215182,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Malyck,"Admittedly, I went into this game not knowing much about it at all, which is somewhat rare for me in this day and age. I did this because I felt I didn't need to know much about the game, my very first impression from the trailer and a youtube video sold me on the spot. And I can say, roughly 9 hours into the game as of this review, that my first impression was spot on. If you enjoy the classic action RPGs of the 1990's and early 2000's, such as Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Illusion of Gaia, or (obviously) Secret of Mana, then this game is for you and is well worth your time, money, and intrigue.From my perspective, this game offers 4 distinct areas of interest that define the experience:Story ModeArcade ModeMultiplayerThe Progression System (Skills and Talents)I will be covering all 4, explaining my experiences and impressions of each.STORY MODEWhile a bit lacking in the engaging story aspect, Secret of Grindea's (SoG) Story Mode offers something many RPGs have failed to have for a while now: the elegance of simplicity. Many modern titles have an obsession with creating a novel's worth of narrative. Cutscene after cutscene, wall of text after wall of text, the experience of these titles are moreso about the story and presentation of it than the actual game.SoG takes the short and simple approach, where it gives enough story and narrative to provide context and motivation, but is spaced well enough where it does not feel like a chore to read through it all (having the option to skip cutscenes helps too). Not to say that the story isn't interesting, though. While simple and somewhat of a parady of other RPGs, many of the characters are likeable in their own right and their clever interactions are both entertaining and humurous. It's clear a lot of heart was put into the devolpment of this game from all of the silly and minor references to other games and characters.Putting aside the storytelling aspect of SoG, there's quite a bit of content packed into what is currently available (game is still in beta as of this review). From collectables, to crafting, to minigames, puzzles, Zelda-esque dungeons, side quests, arena challenges, and engaging and replayable boss fights, there's a lot to do. But my favorite aspects are the inclusion of a genuinely difficult hard mode that can be toggled on or off at any time and the ability to customize the look of your character in the form of hats and accessories (that override the look of your currently equipped armor).To review:Pros:Simple but effective narrativeInteresting and humurous dialoguePlethora of activities, side quests, and minigamesInteresting boss fightsHard ModeCons:Game not complete (with no ETA)ARCADE MODEArguably, this is where most of your time will go. This mode is SoG's roguelike feature, where you attempt to progress as far as you can through a serious of increasingly challenging rooms and obstacles on a single life. Much in the way of other roguelikes (such as Rogue Legacy), you have the ability the make succeeding runs easier in the form of unlocking perks. These are unlocked via a currency you obtain randomly as a drop and from completing quests and achievments.The farther you go and the better you do, the more points you will recieve. After each death, your points are tallied up and added to your total score across all games. After certain thresholds have been met, you will revieve rewards, such as cosmetics (hats and accessories), more NPCs to interact with, and more buildings/decorations for your hub. There is also a global leaderboard for the mode, so if you're into that sort of thing you can sate your fancy here.As for the actual content of the mode, it's challenging but rewarding. Like any other roguelikes, there are a lot of elements of randomness involved. The dungeon layout, challenges in each room, and the loot you get are all up to chance. However, this works as the combat system is based on skill moreso than raw stats. You will get farther in the dungeon because you got better rather than because you got some good luck on your drops. You find that you are excited to get as far as you can as that shows just how much better you got at the game more than anything else.Pros:Unlockable PerksAchievmentsLeaderboardReplayabilityCons:Can have a somewhat harsh learning curveCan feel repetative at timesLike story mode, not all of the floors are implemented yet.MULTIPLAYERWhile I have no personal experience with this feature myself, I have seen examples of this in videos and streams. From what I have seen, multiplayer is fairly smooth and simple to do. Multiplayer is available for both Story Mode and Arcade Mode, so if you have a group of friends you can enjoy all aspects of the game together with up to 4 people.Be that as it may, it's not perfect. Currently, there is no option to play with your friends locally. You will need to connect to each other through different computers, and each person will need to have a copy. Additionally, it lacks some quality of life functions such as being able to join someone from your friends list. And, as one would expect from online play, there can exist some connection issues and bugs (although I've yet to see any).Pros:Can play with up to 4 peopleCan play in both Story Mode and Arcade ModeSmooth and stable online playCons:Can have some connection issues and bugsLacks QoL polishNo Local PlaySKILLS AND TALENTSAn RPG needs to have some form of progression, and SoG does it with it's ability system. What makes this one stand out from the rest is its simplicity and its lack of restrictions. There are no skill trees, no level/stat requirements, you just choose the skills you like and roll with it. And so much is added to this game because of it.There are a varity of skills that appeal to all forms of play, be it aggressive, defensive, evasive, melee, range, single target, AoE, Burst, DoT, etc. And given the lack of restrictions on obtaining skills, you can create a massive amount of different and interesting builds. Want to be an aggressive and fast melee striker? Go for it. Want to be a long-ranged magic nuker? Sure! Want to combine both melee and magic for a hybrid spellsword? That's cool too.Additionally, a lot of the skills from different branches work well together. For instance, Static shock is a spell that will do additionally damage very time you hit with a physcial attack. You can restore charges for this skill from using physical skills or doing perfect guards, meaning this skill can be used in all kinds of builds, both offensive and defensive.While I would argue a need for more skills, the simplicity of the current design is also appealing and useful. While some talents prove to be more useful than others, many of the skills have their uses and can work well given the right circumsances.In the end, what gives this game a lot of replayability, both in Story Mode and in Arcade Mode, is the progression system and the appeal of trying out new builds and tactics.Pros:Non-restrictiveSkills work well togetherInteresting and thoughtful effectsEasy to make and try new builds and tacticsSimple and easy to understandCons:Some talents not as useful as othersArguably not enough skills to facilitate variety"
,Recommended,269770,32660770,Posted: 22 June,all,TheConfusedGamer,"Alright, so Ive played Secrets of Grindea for nearly 100 hours, here's what I have to say about the game so far.First of all, I'd like to say that Secrets of Grindea can easily be seen as repetitive to those who don't manage to see the beauty of this game beyond just the ""grinding"". When this game first came out, I was the same way. But now that the developers have worked on this game and polished it up more and more, I've begun to enjoy it more as well.So, the plot of the story is pretty good! I actually felt compelled to ""end"" of the story (at the time of writing this the game is not yet entirely done) and see what lies ahead. The characters are actually very memorable! And the names, dont even get me started, are pretty funny if you can catch afew puns here and there in them.The mechanics are pretty explanitory in the name of the game itself. There is a chance you'll have to do A LOT of grinding if you're new to this kind of game or just want to kinda play it as it was designed to be played. The grinding is actually not boring, since you are actually doing it not just for money, or EXP, but for the rare cards that give you permanant bonuses that will help you out in the long run.Since there are an abundance of items in this game, you can experiment with different setups. Whether it be 1 Handed, 2 Handed, or Magic, there is plenty for you to play for 15$. Though, at the moment, for me what seems to be the most powerful is Magic (Flamethrower and Cloud are OP in hard mode) and 1H (Shadow Clone is really good).Now let me just explain a few negatives of this game.The game can be kind of short depending on how fast you play and what you decide to do along your journey. Even though I took 100 hours, that doesnt quite mean that the game is extremely long, it just means I took my time to go through this game (obviously).I would like to ask the developers to possibly add a warning regarding taking your character to frontline mode. I recently put my character into the frontline beta mode and now I cannot take my character out of frontline. Please add a better warning so other people dont have to spend 40+ hours trying to get a new character up to speed with their original.Last Id like to say that sometimes the artstyle sort of changes on the characters picture (the one that pops up when you engage in a convo with them) that can kind of feel slightly out of place. Im not saying it ruins the game drastically but perhaps the devs could look at it if they could and fix that XDThanks for making a good game on steam! Im so glad I invested 15$ for some good quality 18 bit awesomeness ^__^"
76561198120391078,Recommended,269770,18641118,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,xCarnifex,"The game is only in beta and you have still for more than 30 hours of gameplay, trying to complete everything possible, have fun guys. :P"
,Recommended,269770,22446757,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,BadIndieGamer [Takeda],One of the few games where fighting the same boss over and over actually makes you feel like you're getting better at the fight.
,Recommended,269770,25240588,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,COMRADE VDOVICHENKOV,"Many reviews note that this game is a ripoff and has slow development. And frankly, yeah, it's been in development forever. There is a dev blog and it is updated fairly often but there is still a lack of justification for the length of time it's taken to complete the game.That aside, this is not like other early access games. This is a really, really well-made game with a lot of content already in it. There is clearly a lot of love that went into this game down to the sprite animations, the little cutscenes, puzzles, and gameplay itself. I went through the main portion of the content in 15 hours and beyond that there's achievements and arcade mode which is insidious and takes forever. Co-op is really fun and unique especially considering most games don't offer it, ever.This was without a doubt worth the $15 even unfinished. I loved playing this game and I was instantly addicted. It's extremely refreshing to see quality of this magnitude with indie development. And yet, what's disappointing is the lack of additions in such a length of time. This game has a colossal amount of potential to be even more than it is right now.If you're okay with 50% of a game and 10-15 hours of gameplay, you won't regret purchasing it."
,Recommended,269770,17375249,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Belmont ™,"3 Developers have OUTDONE themselves. I'm huge on these type of games and it's often times hard for one to capture my attention and time when playing. Within the past six hours, however, I have come to the following conclusions:- Amazing graphics- Takes me back- Great feeling of simplicity- Fantastic how I can try powers out, save money, and undo them if I don't like them.Can't wait for more content, will continue playing this absolutely!Way to go creators!"
76561198025345269,Recommended,269770,33147985,Posted: 2 July,all,Flipadelphiia,"The only reasonable explanation as to why none of my friends have ever told me about this game must be that they dont know about. So, Im writing this to inform you to do yourself a favor and just buy the game. The other reviews on the store page will do a much better job of pointing out the highlight details of the game; Im just letting you know that I concur. At the very least, try out the demo and decide for yourselfEven though its in early access, the game still has many hours of gameplay to offer. Id say around 50-60 hrs of gamplay and 100+ if your a completionist. If your iffy about EA, throw it on your wishlist and wait for the final release."
,Recommended,269770,22379278,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TittySprinkles ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Secret of Mana was my favorite game throughout most of my childhood. To this day I still have a SNES with an old Secret of Mana cartridge in it (the last existing SNES game I own).This game hits the mark in almost every respect of bringing me back that nostalgia that I get when turning on an old game, from the colorful world, down to the rediculous nature of using a carrott as a sword.I appreciate the creators for bringing this gem to life, and will continue following it until final release."
,Recommended,269770,23975588,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Doctor Pepe,You will get about 10 hours (more or less) worth of good content from story mode.There is also arcade mode which could give another 10+ hours if you have someone to play with.Along with this it's grinding system is more fun than other rpgs :pSo trust me it is worth the 15 dollars.
76561198053706354,Recommended,269770,18191321,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Snow,I was doubting whether to buy this game or not. So I first played the demo version and I was instantly a fan. The game is amazing. I have been looking for a RPG like this for what seems like ages and finally I have found it :)- The game looks beautiful- Game mechanics are excellent- Story so far is a blast- Great little easter eggs you will come acrossIf you are looking for a old school RPG game with modern mechanics then this game is perfect for you. No better BUY THE GAME NOW!!!!Even though the game is still in early access it's such a briliant game that you HAVE to support the developers!!!
,Recommended,269770,30588152,Posted: 18 March,all,The Honorable Carl Weathers,"Do not buy this game right now, but definitely put it on your wishlist and buy it immediately when it's finished.Assuming you're looking at this now because it's been recommended by Steam, or you're searching for the kind of game that is reminiscent of Secrets of Mana/Chrono Trigger/Any of those classic SNES RPGs, you're going to absolutely want this game, but don't spoil the experience by getting it now.  It's so good.  They've gotten the feeling of an old school RPG down perfectly, but married it with modern playability and UI.  I've played it with my two best friends in coop and it brought us back over a decade to nights we'd spend sitting around a TV enjoying old consoles together.Secrets of Grindea's store page is the one that I visit most frequently, watching the updates hoping for content completion, because its gameplay is perfection, but when I played it was 25% content complete, and I was pretty disillusioned when we hit that wall.  I want the full experience, and I'm chomping at the bit.I know development takes a long time, especially with a small team, and they're doing a phenomenal job, but if I could, I'd go back and stop myself from playing until the full game was released.If you're like me and you CAN'T wait, then ignore my warning and buy it, because this is going to be an absolute treat, but know that you're going to be like me, constantly checking the store page for more news."
76561198024862647,Recommended,269770,23903090,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jimzydoodah,"Secrets of Grindea is absolutely brilliant!Me and a couple friends have been playing the story mode together, already clocked 20 hours and feels like we're just scratching the surface!Really is a great example of a modernized old school rpg. The combat system is smooth and well paced, leveling up and spending points to learn new moves and skills works great. Familiar story of becoming an adventurer in a world full of magic, combined with the soundtrack and 2D graphics bring back great nostalgic memories from the SNES era of gaming.Recommend to all, looking forward to playing this game and watching it grow!"
,Recommended,269770,17083250,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sangria,"For a Early Access game this is highly impressive. For one the amount of effort and polish here is staggering. Spritework is very detailed and charming and the animations are top notch all around. NPCs don't just sit around, they walk, talk, sneeze, cough, sigh, eat some chicken, work and more. They are all doing something and each one feels unique and goes a long way to draw you into the game world.The gameplay is very tight and responsive. You have a robust amount of options when it comes to combat style thanks to weapon skills and various schools of magic. Specialize or mix and match, its all up to you and the game encourages it. The option to buy back level up points is a nice feature if not pricey.The game also has tons of great design choices. Puzzle challenges let you rewind various steps of the puzzle. Pushed a block in the wrong space? No problem, step on a tile to undo it without having to reset the whole thing. And that feature is nice cause these puzzles can rack your brain on occasion. When it comes to crafting you can pin recipes your working on to your hud so you can know what you need at all times. Tons of smart game design on display here.And not to mention the games Arcade mode which honestly could have been a whole game by itself. Its a permadeath roguelike style experience which asks you to go into randomly generated dungeons to rack up as many points as possible in one run by not only clearing rooms but being smart and quick about it. These points go towards improving your hub town. You can also find special rare items you can cash in for permanent perks that carry over from character to character. Also this whole game has 4 PLAYER ONLINE CO-OP! For Story AND Arcade mode with various features that go with that too like competitive minigames.My mind is blown that this is a Early Access game cause good lord its already far acceded its asking price for me. Get a copy or two for your buddies and enjoy some good old fashioned action RPG goodness. ^^"
,Recommended,269770,24934786,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sugartoast,"I bought this game so that my girlfriend and I would have a game to play LAN co-op together.  It was a completely blind purchase and I am so happy I did it.  The game has so much to see even in it's early access state.  With a fun combat system, great story content, well thought out dungeons, loot driven crafting and a ton of replayablility via arcade mode, this game actually shocked me with how much they packed in.   I have to say I was a tiny bit skeptical at first.  The title alone might make people not want to take the game seriously.  It successfully walks a fine line of being a great RPG and being a self aware parody or classic RPGs."
,Recommended,269770,27538521,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ＤａＮｙａｎ,"this was my favorite zeldaesque, jrpglike game of 2016 for local coop and multiplay coop~despite of its name, the grind feels very balancedthe animation is cute and the ost is a little bit repetitivebut that's totally ok for an early access gamesome builds and skills are still broken but I still think this game deserves an award.the devs have been doing a great working balancing the game even in early stagetl dr;awesome multiplayer 2d rpgcons: still very short"
,Recommended,269770,21885240,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,BluePaw,"For some odd reason, the game reminds me a lot of Paper Mario for the N64. I'm not exactly sure why... there's hardly any similarities.I tried the demo of this game (lead up to the arena fight), and it had me sold. I was hesitant to buy it at the time, on sale, or was released... the formar took over (and I'm glad, worth every $ and then some). This game just... pulls me in and refuses to let go. I have to pry myself away from the game! (or till I feel my bladder being full to the brim...)I picked hard difficulty as normal felt... easy for me... I have completely underestimated hard difficulty than I usually do for RPG games! At first I thought the game was just a collection of popular and maybe hardly used RPG tropes... well I'm not completely wrong. The story in the game is... interesting to say the least (up to what I reached)... at least I think there's a story? Somewhere? Maybe I overlooked it half way...The game does encourage AND reward you for grinding/farming. I've noticed several times the spawn rate increases if it registers you grinding/farming, unlike other RPGs the spawn rate will decrease and/or would spawn mobs elsewhere instead of the spot you're on. (Looking at you MMORPG's... especially the F2P ones...) For some reason... grinding/farming isn't so trivial or boring than other games. Probably because I'm not seeing high leveled players showing me up one-hitting everything while I'm struggling (Always saw that as bad form) or the struggle isn't worth it.Some of the mobs I feel move a bit too fast for hard mode. Strong, more HP, and additional moves I understand but... some just don't pause at all. Rather have the mobs pause less than in Normal than not pausing at all. Be nice if mobs had a weakness and resistance. Having a hard time just trying to kill them with no disadvantages.The boss fights... either the bosses need a little tweaking, the leveling system needs bit of a fix, and/or the skills need to be reworked. There's been a few boss fights that nearly made me just go to normal difficulty (I had to temporary for the sentry mini-boss due to the stupid orbs!) Either too much is going on for me to register what's happening, I'm unable to get strong enough to properly face this boss/foe, and/or the skills I have are weak than they should be.I've nearly crafted every item on the current list... on bit of a card hunt now. See cards as a reward for grinding/farming excessively as they give you benefits whether to your stats or purchases (that I've seen so far). Wish leveling actually increased your stats than just give you points to spend... I shouldn't feel so weak than I should be for (current) end-game bosses (toward Winter, Hydras, Toy Machine, etc.). Granted it's hard, but shouldn't be dark-souls difficult! (That's what it felt like most of the time after the numerous times of being frustrated at bosses to the point of nearly tossing my laptop out the one story window!!!)Pick this up at its price of $15. Shouldn't wait for a sale, unless you're low on cash, to enjoy this. If you rather play a finished product than in development, then you'll be waiting for quite some time. Half of the story content is in the stable beta right now.I'll most likely either update or completely rewrite this review when the game is finished. I think I'll wait till this game is finished before I continue any further in the story though.Update: Tried a bit of Arcade Mode... it's not very forgiving that it discourages me. Reminds me of Rogue Legacy but harsher...-----Check out more games I see that deserve more attention from my curator group:BluePaw's Underrated Games ListJoin and/or follow if you wish."
,Recommended,269770,29280008,Posted: 15 January,all,jedbullock,"I've been playing the beta non stop for around 2 days now, and I've got to say that I am very impressed. It has all the charm of older RPG's like 'Legend of Zelda- The Minish Cap' but with a multitude its own little flourishes. The story line (so far) has kept me interested, and the side quests aren't just dull fodder.It took me a a short while to get used to navigating the large menu, and I wish I could banish my pet to the farm (not the metaphor) instead of just ""hiding"" it.Sometimes the graphics makes it hard to distinguish what is background art and what is moveable or collectable items, especially when first starting, but it doesn't take long to become used to it.Altogether I think it's a fantastic game, although I am very biased towards that particular RPG style its a real throw-back to old school gameboy games. I will definitely be getting the fully completed version and I'm glad that the developers are taking their time to make the most out of this game. I hope that the game run time isn't too short in its entirety but from how long the developers are taking, I'm sure these fears are unfounded."
,Recommended,269770,32356050,Posted: 11 June,all,ToastedMessiah,"This is a fantastic game! I bought this expecting an okay game to kick back and play, but I was pleasantly surprised to an artistic masterpiece.PROS+Great soundtrack+Nice, fun storyline+Grinding is actually kind of fun+Good array of ways to customize your style of playCONS-Can be overly difficult at times-Pretty difficult to change keybindsOverall really fun game and has a lot of content for an Early Access title. Would highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,269770,19460363,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ingeniousclown,"I've been wanting to check this out for months and finally got around to it, and now I can't wait to see it completed.  This game feels like a modern mix between the old Zelda games and Secret of Mana, and it's so much fun.  The heavy-handed writing is pretty funny, and it's nice to know that the game doesn't take itself to seriously while still managing to be a very solid ARPG experience.On top of that, it include a Roguelite mode.  VALUE TOWN.https://youtu.be/Rvz2CWAbKrA"
76561198033755286,Recommended,269770,32387272,Posted: 13 June,all,Dahtay (Ben R),"Even in early access, this is one of the most flawless games I've ever played from a gameplay perspective. Co-Op on LAN is an absolute blast. The character customization via equipment and skill choices is top-notch. You can have / upgrade pets (but don't HAVE to have them to be viable, yet another sign of wonderful game design intuition). The combat requires strategy and forethought, not just mindless button mashing, The bosses are extremely well designed, and the main city hub has plenty to do apart from just chopping up shrubs. Take your time, devs, and by 1.2 or so, this game will be an absolute paragon of 2d isometric gaming. I only wish I could help bring it to fruition myself.To paraphrase the immortal words of Stephen Bray, ""no proper review is complete without some sort of critique... So I guess this review is incomplete."""
76561198180894558,Recommended,269770,25404312,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GreatEvilOne,"Amazing game!It's the hidden love child of Secret of Mana and Zelda: Link to the Past.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of them, or other games like them.My only complaint is that it's not finished yet, so we have to wait a bit longer to enjoy the full glory of the masterpiece-in-the-making that is Secrets of Grindea.Keep up the great work ferrets, I look forward to what this game will turn into."
,Recommended,269770,17683379,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ensvey,"Love the story mode to death. Funny and fun. With a tongue-in-cheek name like Grindea, they better be sure to pull off making the grind fun, and they really do (though the game isn't particularly grindy unless you're trying to 100% it). Story mode is still quite incomplete but I felt like I got my money's worth already. I just hope they don't flake out on finishing the story like so many Early Access games.As for the arcade mode - this is more personal preference than anything, but I'm not a big fan of this big roguelike trend in indie games these days, so I'm not into the arcade mode. I prefer to save my progress, thanks."
76561198309317836,Recommended,269770,29937778,Posted: 15 February,all,76561198309317836,Fairly simple but addictive and beautiful and fun game. Makes a good parody of all those silly and boring and predictable fantasy stories. Arcade Mode is way too hard to clear I guess.
76561198017140724,Recommended,269770,29745558,Posted: 6 February,all,SenseiShiShi,This game is already very in-depth and there is a lot more gameplay than one might orignally think. It has amzing replay value and playing with a friend makes the adventure twice as fun.
,Recommended,269770,17360337,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Pwnisher,"Secrets of Grindea is a game I have been looking forward to since I saw it on steam greenlight years ago. This game harkens back to a simpler gaming era; a time where the games had story, very fun fighting mechanics and a sense of completion and fulfillment. A few minor bugs here and there, considering it's still in its baby beta stage and maybe a few issues with enemies being overpowered in their crow control on players. This game is everything I've been wanting out of games today and just haven't been getting. As a future video game designer, Secrets of Grindea has the formula I've been looking for and want to perfect in making a game. I've gotten well over $15 worth of enjoyment out of this game and it's not even fully done yet. Hats off to the developers. 10/10"
,Recommended,269770,29136645,Posted: 9 January,all,PoofToHell,+gameplay+great content-resolution-ui scale
,Recommended,269770,23449715,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Luc0002,"If you like the oldschool ARPG Snes games like Secret of Mana/Evermore or Terrinigma, this game is for you.Solid game with different playstyles and coop = winning."
,Recommended,269770,32939010,Posted: 28 June,all,KitsuneNoMeiji,"The best RPG game I've played in years.Pros:-Captivating and unique story.-Gorgeous, charming, classic, pixel-style art.-Character development is top-notch.-Skill system feels refined, despite being unfinished*.-Combat and animations are fluid and feel alive.-Massive plus to replayability thanks to Arcade Mode.-Multiplayer is seamless, no hiccups or lag to report.-etc.Cons:-If you thought that something like ""too much grinding"" would be in this section, then why are you even here?-Other than me selfishly not having enough of this game, I can't think of any other cons.I am constantly on the lookout, impatiently awaiting the next update. This game is addiction itself. I am loving every second of it, even the grind! Can't wait to see what the developers have in store for this title. I have high expectations for this game. This is a must for RPG fans, it is as simple as that.*as of this post, June 28 2017"
,Recommended,269770,23468105,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mohawk,"Some of the best fun I've had in a long time with a game. The only downside is the frusteratingly slow updates to it. Outside of that, for newcomers, there is a solid 5-7 hours of playtime, with another 10-15 if you are a completionist. and the challenge mode is quite fun if you've beaten the story.EDIT:I reviewed this game on June 9th, 2016. My review was fairly straightforward. To those still on the fence about buying, since my review, there has been *ONE* large update which added a new zone, few minion bosses, and some story enhancements, overall the update added maybe an hours worth of story with 3 hours of grind farming. As started prior, this game is incredibly fun and witty, however, do not buy unless you are ok with waiting anywhere between 4-6 months for decent patches."
,Recommended,269770,33381500,Posted: 8 July,all,Enraged Australian,"Ah, Grinding. RPG's have this as a method of slowly building a level and powering up to fight stronger enemies, however this turn on that view is great. Not once did I ever think that a game would be solely based around the process of Grind, Collect, Craft, Repeat. Not to say that's the ONLY aspect of course, there is a great story to go along with it, easter eggs and subtle references galore along with the occasional pop-in from a famous character (Honeydew, here's looking at you) But with the game being unfinished I'm not going to give it quite a full review just yet but it was worth my while all around. Hell, every single patch nd update I go on and see what's new because a single addon to game can add an hour or two, Five in the case of 'Tai Ming' (Not going into details there, sorry, that'd be spoiling)Sure this aint a full review but my opinion on it so far but as of its current progress...definitely a good game."
76561198072296665,Recommended,269770,17144172,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Axiomatt,This is everything you could ever want from a SNES inspired RPG. The action is fantastic and flows incredibly well for both controller and K&M. If you enjoyed secret of mana or zelda as a child then you will love this. the multiplayer and rogue-like mode are brilliant additions to what is already shaping up to be an amazing game!!They may not have done much of the story at this point in time but I am happy to have bought it now as it will help the two (yes two!) people that are making the game. hopefully more people will buy it too so that they can get the content out at an even faster rate!
,Recommended,269770,20595543,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kirby,This game is amazing. Zelda link to the past gameplay and beautiful artwork along with the good story. I've logged in 13 hours playing a lot of story mode trying out the different gameplay styles. There's so much to do and explore that this game is well worth the $15. It isn't completely finished yet but for what they have it's already one of my favorite steam purchases. All in all I would give what you're paying for a 9/10 it's amazing and fun but still incomplete. If you have $15 dollars I would consider picking this up and have a friend pickup a copy and play together.
,Recommended,269770,30845250,Posted: 30 March,all,shnanners,"I DO NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING THIS GAME IN EARLY ACCESS.This is an awesome game, I was loving the story the entire time I played, but unfortunately the game isn't complete and it is taking a while for more content to be released. There is a Frontline version that patches are being released for, but nothing that is really enough to keep playing. Please give us more, devs! I loved playing this!"
76561198067324195,Recommended,269770,19104230,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,H2O Hunter,"Wake up at 7am to go running.See the computer and remeber this game i bought yesterday.Tell my self ""play for about 30 min then go running.""It is now 4:30pm in the afternoon.......10/10 would waste another day on this game."
76561198015954929,Not Recommended,269770,25582576,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,CutieMcBooty,"The game shows promise. It's a love letter to games like Zelda: A Link to the Past. The animation of the sprites is awesome, and the environments are varied. The dungeons are absolutely fantastic and are definitely the highlight of the game.But it's been incomplete for an absurdly long time at this point. I understand that they want to ensure that it is polished and as good as they can make it for when it gets a full release, but there is really no excuse at this point for why this game is taking so long to make. I can't recommend a game that may only get released a year from now. What we have now is solid and polished, but short and leaves you hanging. I'm worried that when this DOES finally get released (if it ever does), that the hype train will have already left."
,Recommended,269770,26073255,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Jealous Witch,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing incredible.but you may need to w8 eightyears to let devs finish their game.
76561198103591851,Recommended,269770,22744640,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,likejagger5,"When I first saw this game I thought it was some JRPG a game focused on story with little gameplay but it would make up for that with how extensive the customization is. I figured 17.00$ for a unfinished game might not be worth it even if it is good because it is still in early access and would have so little to the game that it is not worth it. The game looked like a higher quality indie maker game and that was not what I was interested in so I dismissed it. I wanted something that will have lots to do good gameplay and lots of replay value.I was really wrong about the game. It is so good it is a contender to be one of my favorite games of all time. The game has great replay value, online multilayer, great combat, the fishing mini game is actually okay and it has a interesting but overall funny story that is skipable.This game have great replay value there are many different monsters that can drop up to 4 different items when you defeat them, some are crafting items sometimes you can get some armor, a sword or a shield. Sometimes you need to gather crafting items to craft a new item or you can just find a new hat, sword if you kill enough monster that drop items. You can play the game with 4 players making the game harder the more people that play but the game is still fun to play because you can spend time focusing on collecting all the items in the game. I have almost played the game over 24 hours and I still have not gathered all the items, cards, achievement and even finished the story. You can change the game from easy to hard in the middle of the game making it very fair. The game has replay value because you could replay the game to have a magic user build otr a melee user build or something like that.The gameplay is fun there is normal and hard difficulty hard adds a few more monsters to the levels makes them more aggressive, faster and stronger. The magic in the game is fair and not overpowered like it is in other games. You have powerful magic but summoning a monster reduces your energy while your summoned monster or passive spells is out. When you level up your base stats go up and if you want extra challenge you could play the game without leveling up and for a price you can respend your points on new spells and abilities. The game does something crazy it makes it fun and gives you a reason to kill over 1000 slimes. You would want to kill the slimes for exp, money, collectibles, cards, crafting items, and even if you already have these you can sell them for money and give them to other players. And the best part is killing slimes is fun they get smarter the more you kill and if your not careful even easy monsters can hurt you.The story is great it is funny, full of references to games like legend of Zelda other games anime movies etc. The story is interesting enough to watch a few times but thankfully you can skip it if this is your 20th time playing the game.The game has fair DLC there is a 5 dollar hat DLC that is honest that if you play 5 dollars you will give the devs more money so if you want to support them you can. There is no cheap DLC that gives players an edge like golden armor swords or unfair things like that.The games multiplayer is great and there is little lag for me and you can play arcade, the story, VS with other players and its not like the game needed that because the game is fun just playing by yourself.So do I recommend this game YES it has great challenge, it has some of the best replay value I have seen in a story, the gameplay is great  the collectibles are fun and worth getting, the multiplayer have 3 fun modes VS, story and arcade ( you can also play mini games in the story with others) and they are still making the game? It is worth it for sure and when they keep this system add more content, collectibles and things like that this game would be my new favorite game of all time. I really thing you should consider buying this game for a fun game to play buy your self and a fun game to play with friends. the only posible thing that the game could add to make it better would be local multiplayer. the game has good gameplay like castle crashers, replay value and collectables somewhat like MMO games and a short but sweet story."
,Recommended,269770,17092982,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Spectre,"Dis game...Only issue with it is the fact that it's not complete.  HURRY UP!Please?Edit:  The game is great!  Gameplay is immaculate, the atmosphere is amazing, and the arcade mode, especially with friends, is the most fun I've had in a long time.  Only problem is...early access.A lot of people have been burnt by early access and I don't blame them.  Although, if you visit the forum, the devs post stuff almost daily, so that is a good sign.If you love Secret of Mana, Ragnarok Online, and/or Zelda:Lttp, and early access doesn't bother you...GET THIS GAME!"
76561198019141919,Recommended,269770,20207691,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rathnos,"What can I say... it is an unfinished game that I just keep playing. Over 100 hours in fact. It is ridiculously charming and tons of fun.Some things to keep in mind though...You know that ""grind"" in the title? If you want to complete everything there is definitely grinding. I like mindless grindfest from time to time so it wasn't a draw back for me, might be for you though.Also, it is not finished. It is clear that the game is a labor of love for the team of three and it certainly shows in both the charm of the game and the length of time it will take to create. Again... this isn't a problem for me I knew that going in and the developer blog on their site shows you their weekly progress so you know they are working on it again its just 3 folks, but don't both if you are the type to say ""this isn't even early access""... because it is even early access, just way earlier than you want it to be. At this point looks like the story content is about halfway done.The downsides out of the way, I want to reiterate that it is a blast and if you are not a negative nancy about playing a game still in development buy it now and have at it. As said by other reviews it is a secret of mana/link to the past style game that is very tongue-in-cheek regarding rpg tropes."
76561198008780384,Recommended,269770,24398215,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,=>Darkey<=,ive just sunk 13 hours of play into this game and i love it such a great story line just a shame the current stuff in game is quite short cannot wait to play the full game or new addtions when they are released keep up the great work
,Recommended,269770,32294669,Posted: 9 June,all,squidinator,"This is an incredible ARPG. THe combat is simple yet satisfying, the skill trees are varied, the story is the perfect amount of RPG cheese, the soundtrack is glorious, the sprites are beautiful, and the gimmick of grinding for monster cards keeps me playing. This is one of the few Greenlight games that actually gets updated frequently, and most updates are huge story updates alongside new mechanics. I've only played this singleplayer, but I can only imagine how fun the multiplayer is. This game is a must-have for any ARPG fan, and I can't wait for the full version to be released!"
76561198247464638,Recommended,269770,20060305,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Syferds,"I have played 5+ hours of the games main story mode with a co op friend and have thoroughly enjoyed it thus far. I plan to give more insight on the details of the game once I have played more and once the game is finalized (as it is in beta/early access at the time of playing). Controls work well, story,setting and writing are both immersive and engaging with well placed humor. Game mechanics are enjoyable with combat being diverse with many options and a in depth leveling/skill system. Along with quipment leaving many diffrent options for how players what to play the game be it all diffrent types of magic, a large assortment of wepons armor and combat quipment such as bows power up potions and stat bonus rings. The visuals and music are great to hear and dont get old on long loops, puzzles are a good challenge, enemies and bosses are fun to fight while still being the right amount of difficult at times. There is alot of good to say about the game and as I play more and the game becomes finalized I will due a more in depth review. If this looks like the type of game you would enjoy I would highly recommend it."
76561197966615134,Recommended,269770,25103474,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Poop-Loops,"Worth it for $15 the way it is now, but I guarantee you're going to go ""What! AWWW!!!"" when you do get to the end.The story is lighthearted and has a lot of humor thrown in. I found the dialog between characters to be fairly high quality, meaning nobody just wrote ""This guy are sick"" and hit Enter, it shows that thought was put into everything.This is especially true for the animation. From screenshots you'd think this game has SNES-quality graphics, but when you look at the animation, you'll see how much work was put into it and how obvious it is. The animations have a high framerate and are very detailed.Combat isn't too bad. More skill-based than you'd think for something titled ""Grindea"". There's a lot of grinding, but you can't just faceroll through bosses by leveling up."
,Recommended,269770,18376081,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dan Glebitts,Once inside Arcadia there is no escape.10/10 This game has saved me lots of money not being on a arcade cab.
76561198106314049,Recommended,269770,19223982,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Inglocks Gamwich,This is a great concept for a game it’s nowhere near done yet though it’s been in development since 2011 since Pixel Ferrets the company that makes it is a 2 guys and one girl show. I did everything possible in story mode and it took me almost exactly 15 hours to do so which isn't too bad. Arcade mode is very difficult I almost never made it to level 2 on single player but I'm sure with more people this game would become a blast. I found the story mode much more enjoyable as some of the characters are hilarious. Anyone would find this game fun the only down sides are that it’s still being developed and hence you can only do the first 2 of 5 temples. It will defiantly be a good game in the future right now though I'm not sure if it’s worth $16 seems a little pricey for 15 hours of gameplay but either way if you don't mind the price for an incomplete game defiantly buy it or even if you have doubts try the demo that's what I did the game will kind of hook you into it.
,Recommended,269770,17371426,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Kunera,"Secrets of Grindea is incredibly fun! I absolutely love co-op RPGs, and this ARPG has potential. It has a Secret of Mana/A Link to the Past vibe, and after trying out the free demo, I immediately bought it. While the game is still in early access, there is plenty to do. Once you run though the story (as far as you can, it's still in development), there are likely still items to craft, a pet to level to increase your stats, and an arcade mode that is challenging and addictive. As of right now, the game has controller support for a wired 360 controller, and you can use software to bind buttons of other controllers to specific keys, so you can make different controllers work (I'm using the PS4 controller) - the game feels great with a controller, so it's definitely worth doing if the keyboard set-up just isn't working for you.I strongly recommend at least trying the free demo - as there's nothing to lose. It's a relatively small download, and while  you could probably rush through pretty quickly, if you take your time to explore and take things in a little, you'll get a decent amount of content for a demo. The demo can also be played cooperatively, so it's probably worth trying to get a friend or two (or three, if you can) to try it with you!"
,Recommended,269770,17063865,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jawpz,Fun game for what there is at the moment. Though there isn't much content in the story mode which i find strange because this game has been in development for years now and they have only managed to finish two temples and a few zones (then they have the cheek of asking for money to go towards coffee breaks in the form of day one DLC) it's still a great bit of fun and the arcade mode adds a lot of replayability. I can't say i'm a fan of the fact they have placed in a online leaderboards as to me that encourages cheating and there's no way you're going to get the #1 spot unless you too cheat and then it makes it seem pointless to do if you're wanting to take part in the arcade mode for the competitive purpose of beating other players. Though this is and the current lack of content in the story mode (at the time of this build i'm sure this will change in later versions) are my only complaints about the game.The music and sound effects are spot on and you can tell they have heavy inspiration from older RPG games and has a great nostalgic feel about it. I played through the game co-op with one friend and i have to say the net code is spot on and we had no problems with lag what so ever and the game seemed input perfect along with not being too restricted to where you can go in co-op. You and your allies still all have to commit to going to a new zone before the game takes you all there but you're not bound together when you're in that zone. The gameplay is flawless in design too and you feel like you have all the control over your character and when you ♥♥♥♥ up and die it is YOUR fault and not the game's. The game has the perfect balance of fun and challenge and the spells/abilities all seem to have their uses though some seem a lot weaker early game and some also seem a lot weaker later game so it's worth experimenting with the abilities as some may be more usefull early game but end up being weak towards the end.Highly recommend checking this gem out as it lives up to the hype and i am extremely excited in seeing what they add in future updates.
,Recommended,269770,20024053,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,niX,"Easily the highest quality and most worthwhile ""early access"" game I've purchased in a long time. This game is a breath of fresh air.It borrows a lot of inspiration from the handheld Legend of Zelda games, and who doesn't love Zelda? It is simple to play and easy to learn, yet it has a lot of depth involved in it so that it doesn't feel shallow. There are no bugs, no crashes.. multiplayer worked seemlessly from the first time I tried and every time since. If you plug and unplug a controller in while the game is running, it changes over flawlessly with no hiccups. The music is fantastic and the graphics are fun and colorful!Besides the few things missing from the game that the developers plan to add before it's out of early access, you can hardly tell that it's not a finished game. Well worth the price as it stands now, even if the game isn't completely finished. I'm looking forward to getting the full experience once the game is finally finished."
76561198043950468,Recommended,269770,18528271,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Outdated Memelord,"After all, i must say. This game is a blast. everything about this game is amazing, the graphics, the music and the gameplay :D i really aprecciate the hidden easter eggs and whatnot, and the multiplayer mode is amazing! arcade mode is a blast because you never know what comes. oh, i have to say something "" can the other players in multiplayer get some aprecciation too? got kinda jealous XD"""
76561198130629973,Recommended,269770,24649815,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mendokusai,"this game is really fun especially with some friendsi have played for atleast 8 hours and i,m still having funthe bosses are challenging but still fun its still in betaand i,m currently waiting on the fourth dungeon to come outi highly recommend this gamei have to say it is more fun to play with friends"
,Recommended,269770,22399593,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,The Incredible Mr. Satan,"not much content so far, but the content that is there warrants the ""high"" prize - im really convinced that the released game will be worth the 14€ i payed - its one of the best 2d adventures ive ever played."
,Recommended,269770,33717829,Posted: 22 July,all,Meag,"This game was something which I was very sceptical about buying, It seemed like one of those games where you play it and its just a Rpg maker game. However this was not the case, this game is very obviously inspired by the likes of The legend of zelda and old school RPG's, which to me is great, I love those games! After playing for a few hours with one of my steam friends I really started to like this game and its unique ideas that it is bringing to the table. I would highly reccomend this game to other users. But don't forget this game is in early access and is definatley not like other games in this state,  a large portion of the game is uncompleted and leaves you at a cliff hanger, if you opt into the beta its not that bad but still a large part of the game is missing. So in short this game is great, but unless you are fine with opting into the beta which does contain bugs, you will not get a full game."
,Recommended,269770,20130846,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,AP,"Secrets of Grindea is an amazing rpg with a spectacular skill tree. You could go for a magic, melee, or a mixture of both attack style. The art style was amazing. The game is really addicting and once you complete story mode you can still have fun with arcade mode. I enjoyed palying this game with my friend and we had many good moments to share. The attack system is pretty good. Overall i'd really recommend this game to anyone who likes the Zelda franchise."
,Recommended,269770,23863353,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Meeba,"In terms of other games: imagine Secret of Mana, with a structure that lets you just hop in and play with your friends, in a lighthearted Ragnarok Online setting.Secrets of Grindea is a smooth, charming 2D hack and slash with cute enemies and a fun world to explore that doesn't take itself too seriously. Fighting mobs of enemies feels great, and there are some cool bosses. Quests and areas are easy to understand without being too straightforward. The structure is pretty linear but offers some fun diversions in the form of collectible items, crafting recipes, and short side quests. Cooperative play is well-implemented in terms of interface and networking code, but doesn't really require you to specialize your characters to fight as a team. Overall, it's fun! It's like snack food (something familiar to satisfy a craving) but it's well-made, crisp, cheesy snack food."
76561198135058297,Recommended,269770,23961910,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,shinyxoxmuffins,"I really enjoyed what is out of this game.  It is a bit on the hard side since there's no health pots, which made defeating bosses a challenge if you weren't strong enough...and a lot of level farming had to happen before each boss...but over all, it was a great buy and I would recommend it for sure."
,Recommended,269770,17459381,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Even though this is in Early Access, it is quite polished. Not a bug in sight, and there is plenty of game to sink your teeth into here.I was leary of the price, but its definately worth it. This is a throw-back to some great games of fairly long ago. I definately feel some heavySNES ZeldaandSecret of Manavibes here. Like those, it also has some fairly heavy MetroidVania elements where you will be backtracking through the open world to access areas you previously couldn't.Pros:+Great artwork.+Great feel to it - it plays really well. Controller support and rebindability is great in this title.+Music is fitting to this style, and is not generic - it is its own thing.+Awesome level of RPG character customizability.+Loads of quests even now. I love the treasure maps. Lots of sidequests, and they are all well done.+Even though the light 'grinding' humor is there - the game never really feels that grindy (ironically enough lol).+I love when the characters clothes/hair/etc. is customizable and changes with changing items.+Storyline is well written - I am not skipping through it yet ;)Cons:-Online multi is awesome but I really wish they would add local so I don't have to purchase a second copy for my wife to play.-Hurry up and finish the unfinished zones already :D !!!If this sounds like something you would like - I guarantee you will not be disapointed with this even in Early Access."
,Recommended,269770,17240538,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"If you enjoy games like Secret of Mana or Earthbound pick this one up!It is in early access at the moment but already feels very polished and is a blast to play. Grab a friend to play some coop!The controls are good, the art design is nicely done and it's just a blast to play. More content and features are coming down the road so keep an eye on this one if you liked old school jrpgs! This gaem is realy off to a great start, it will be interesting to see what else is added!RPG aspects, puzzle aspects and much more, give it a go if it looks interesting!"
,Recommended,269770,30741857,Posted: 25 March,all,Doodle,"Secrets of Grindea is a great game, I've noticed people complaining about it being ""slowly updated"" when it was just recently updated about four or five days ago from me posting this review.  When this game is updated they have to update a lot of things, considering there are four types of games within this one.  Multiplayer Story Mode and Arcade Mode as well as Single-Player of each type.  This also includes:  Bosses, Mobs, Weapons, Armor, Cosmetics, Skills, Mechanics.  I've played this game a fair bit for the last few days and have had at least five people buy it just because they liked watching the gameplay.  Just imagine the fun you could have if you did too."
,Recommended,269770,23274326,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pyroland,I think this game is very nice. If you are not a very patient person who cant grind for a few minutes this may not be for you. The story is very nice even though this game has been in development and des not have a load of content.
,Recommended,269770,17140900,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,G2 Extaasi ツ,i played the demo for 1 hour and i know this will be amazing adventure. AND YES IT IS! awesome game.If you like Adventure rpg you will freeking LOVE THIS GAME10/10!EDIT: I JUST GOT FIND OUT YOU CAN GET YOUR OWN PET. AND YOU CAN FEED IT! OMG *_* <315/10
,Recommended,269770,22082664,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,dreamerlean,"I love this game and it's still in beta! =DThe humor is wonderful and the gameplay is smooth and enjoyable. Thank you to the creators on this one, this is my new favorite steam game. xD"
,Not Recommended,269770,24721588,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mimisaur,"Early Access, F O R E V E R.Also I bought this game Aug 22, 2015 and I regularly check the devblog for up and coming updates.Maybe if its ~worth it~ when it comes out but at the rate that its going, sorry no."
,Not Recommended,269770,30289848,Posted: 2 March,all,freemitch1357,Honestly can't recommend this game. It has been in early access for nearly two years at this point and only a handful of updates have been made. The game was also released off of steam before it ever was released here. Updates come maybe every 3-4 months if that. The content that we have is fairly good but there is very little of it. I have completed pretty much everything and I only have 8.5 hours logged. Communication with the devs amounts to a weekly dev blog basically. If they are making weekly progress then updates should be coming far more often and the game should be much further along. There is no way of telling of when the game will be finished if it every will be.As a side note this is the first time I have ever written a negative review and I have purchased into quite a few EA games.
76561198163324758,Recommended,269770,24832290,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,QuackerJack,"This game is not only beautiful but very fun, it is really well made and i love it. i have played this game for a while and i love the fact that it is still being worked on. this adds the effect of surprise for me, i love this game and i hope it never stops."
,Recommended,269770,19642526,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[small boats of fire],Really neat and fun little game so far. Makes you feel nostalgia for old NES ARPGs like Secret of Mana. You can craft items and there's a fairly well rounded and balanced skill system that's classless so you can invest as much as you want into physical or magical combat.
,Recommended,269770,20433398,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Toez,"A mix between two of my favorite games growing up, Legend of Zelda and of course my all time favorite game Secret of Mana! A must have for anyone who enjoys old school games."
76561198225805968,Recommended,269770,33266939,Posted: 5 July,all,Funnymonk,I only got this game recently and have completed all of the story content but I still have a lot to do. It's in early access and doesn't have all of the content. personally i think that is cool as it means i will probably keep coming back to secrets of grindea. If you're looking for an adventure rpg or a game you can keep coming back to then i would recommend this game. If you're looking for a high quality finished game then this is not for you.
76561198116647917,Recommended,269770,33301222,Posted: 5 July,all,demonsolder21,"Really really good game. Great art, tight gameplay. Though, it would be neat if there were more skills and passives. This game really needs more weapon variety. At the moment theres like what a sword, staff, and two hand. It would be cool if the devs added daggers, unarmed, and more magic spells, cause at the moment magic freaking sucks. Also am I the only one who finds it weird that there isn't much customization. Like you are stuck with one outfit throughout the entire game. And wearing different armor doesnt even change your appearance, although this game is in beta. So that might change. All in all great game.But please please understand that this game has been in early access forever. And updates taaakkkeee forever. And based on their progress thus far, I'd wager that it will take a couple more years till release. So yeah buy this only if you wanna support the developers."
76561198388934179,Recommended,269770,34528805,Posted: 27 August,all,skelton,"After spending weeks looking for a good enough RPG to waste my time on, I can safely say that secrets of grindea is the PERFECT filler for that little RPG hole on your heart. It looks amazing, it plays really well and it's got every appealing aspect of an RPG nicely put in. Keeping in mind that the game isn't finished, it really doesn't leave you wanting much, it's a super satisfactory experience and it really is the BEST. The level system is thought out and it allows for specific character building, my only niggle with it being that you don't ever really get much mana which when paired with the summons makes for pretty limited spellcasting, AND it'd be nice if the final upgrade for blink gave unlimited usage instead of being free to use the first time and then mana costly afterwards (or a dodge/roll option). But admittedly those are just my personal issues and aren't nearly enough to stop this game being the absolute delight it is. I highly recommend this to anyone looking to waste time and enjoy theirselves."
,Recommended,269770,20138969,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MalAddict,"Wow.This is seriously my new favourite game! At the time of writing this review the game (story mode) only appears to be 50% complete, but that 50% was enough to keep me playing for a solid 8 hours straight before I hit the end of the campaign.What is in the game is beautiful; the animations are fantastic, the characters are charming, and the whole world feels polished and complete. Once you're finished with the campaign you can also play the arcade mode, and that'll keep you busy for hours too!Could not recommend this game enough, and I can't wait until it's finished!"
,Not Recommended,269770,30639885,Posted: 20 March,all,born.,"This game is great, but can't be recommended in its EA phase. I played this mostly off Steam and spent about as much time playing as you can in its current state, and it's the foundation of a very great game. However the updates are extremely slow, the projected release was in 2015 and it's barely progressed since then. When this game is actually finished it'll be amazing, and I wish I didn't already play the beginning content because it'd be a much better experience if it actually led to anything.This is an afterthought but I'm also not a huge fan of the general artstyle of the game. That isn't to say I'm not a fan of the graphics, because I very much so am, but every single character portrait/boss splash art looks like it was pulled off a middleschooler's DeviantArt page. I realize this is subjective and not a major flaw but even for a small-dev game like this, the artwork is almosttooamateur."
,Recommended,269770,24004433,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ellie,":) Secrets Of Grindea is a really fun game that you can just waste some time of your life on. You play a cool story as a collector with a companion bag who makes the game and you can (as the name says) grind!  You can use melee attacks or magical moves to fight your way through the game, and you dont have to stick to one group of abilities! You can be a spellslinging warrior if you want. It may not be finished yet but the beta is so much fun and I'm sure the final product will be even better! Its a great game and you should definately get it! :D"
,Recommended,269770,28253934,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tsugetsui,This game is a lot of fun but it takes time to learn and IMO the controls are rough butyou should really buy it for yourself and test it.
76561198174821019,Recommended,269770,25280826,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,10percentpro,"This game its amazing the fighting mechanics are simple yet effective the deversity between the styles of play helps alot and being able to craft/ buy new items that are visable for the most part are really cool, i like the story and the characters, the music is good.even though this game is still in beta im enjoying it tonns and i hope theres more added soon because me and my friends can't wait to adventure some more"
,Recommended,269770,17380413,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,snappy,"Secrets of Grindea give players an opportunity to step back into old-school Gameboy-like games, with a graphical update and access to online play. I must say that I enjoyed the variety and creativeness of the quests in the game. Although the game is not yet finished I, and some parts of the map are not yet available, I do believe that it was fun and challenging to complete the unfinished product. Online play works perfectly. Overall I really enjoyed the game."
76561198038367256,Recommended,269770,17393717,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,SaintDerek,"This game has easily slid its way into my top 5 favourite games, and is possibly my favourite RPG of all time. I say this because not only is the art superb, the story gripping(So far.), and the gameplay enjoyable; the game has also managed to make grinding fun. Gone are the boring lengthy grind fests from Final Fantasy, and in their stead Secrets of Grindea provides fun lengthy grind pinatas. By that I mean you can get collectible cards with art so cute that you can't help but want to collect them all."
,Recommended,269770,34275442,Posted: 16 August,all,Marco,So far I have about 18 hours in the game and am only 66% in. I love the look and feel of the game and couldn't recommend it more.
,Recommended,269770,22560192,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Gary Baltimore,"I don't know what there is to say about this game that hasn't already been said. Despite its early access status, there is so much polish and attention to detail that, at a glance, it could pass as the finished product. I can tell the devs have put their hearts and souls into this game, and I'll be damned if it isn't paying off.If I had to give praise to anything, it would be the skills and perks available. Players aren't locked into classes, so they have complete control over how their character develops and the niche they fill in battle. For instance, one-handed melee skills that deal multiple hits in one use benefit greatly from perks that improve critital hits. Then, tack on a movement speed bonus for charging skills or blocking with your shield, and you've built an acrobat that hits fast and hits hard.Of course, there are so many other praises I could sing -- the cheeky jabs at RPG tropes, the deliciously roguelike arcade mode, the atmospheric and memorable soundtrack, -- but words can only do it so much justice. If you're on the fence about this game, do yourself a favor and try the demo. Pixel Ferrets, have yourselves a cup of coffee, on me."
,Recommended,269770,22682030,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,President Spoop,"A great game so far - and constantly being worked on! Even if you don't see any news about updates in Steam, you can always check their blog for the latest things they're working on.It has plenty of rpg elements: plenty of boss battles, quests, puzzles, collecting, pets, and other things.The bag character seems a little corny at first, but he grows on your very quickly and everytime he snarks off on someone else, you're just like 'same..'I literally have 5 storymode characters and once I caught up on the storymode, I've been playing arcade ever since. I JUST WON A BEARD. I'M A GROWN PERSON NOW."
,Recommended,269770,28322696,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Wynntastic,"Man, if you're looking forward to a small RPG to play with your friends, this is it.Secrets of Grindea creates a small and old-fashioned RPG environment with pixels and adorable sprites, exciting gameplay, and an interesting storyline. The customization in this game is great, you can create different builds revolving around different skills and passives. Although shadow clone melee is the best build, you can try something else that's interesting, like picking up a magic class and mastering different elements. You can have around like 4+ characters that are saved to your own profile, so feel free to test out some wonky builds or follow a generic build!Keep in mind, this game is still in development, and gets better from here on!Not to mention, you can host servers by just a click of a button."
,Recommended,269770,17490211,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Croft,"I rarely get this excited about a game, but i absolutely fell in love with this game instantly when i started playing it. So i don't really have alot of negative things to say about it.10/10 I can't wait to see it finishedIt plays alot like seiken densetsu 3 meets Zelda.Pros:*beautiful custom maps that flow nicely with the tiling and sprites*the attention to detail on the sprites is impressive*the amount of animation really makes the game alot more lively. Every map is loaded with different animations to give each area it's own unique feel.*the mechanics are perfect, I have no complaints there.*the option for story and arcade mode*there is an monster arena!*good scaling difficulty for multi-player.*crafting system in place that unlock as you discover new items.*trophy room to replay boss battles*fishing, which is nicely incorporated into the arcade mode to help acquire loot.*summons, pets and familiars!!*I'm sure I missed a bunch of other things to point out in the game.Cons:* it's not finished and I'm impatient!* to short at the moment, and not enough replay yet. (arcade mode gets dull after a few hours.)Bugs:*not really bugs but the gigaslime and peckos animation are the wrong ones in the card index. I think it's a regular slime and the peckos doll for thier animation.Suggestions:*Infinite scaling dungeon!! (star ocean style!)*monster catching and breeding for the arena! (ff10 style!)*add in the multi-player games asap, even before more single player content to increase replay value. (think Mario party!)*PVP arena of some kind. Maybe ranked matches with special items people compete for."
76561197995308584,Recommended,269770,30902805,Posted: 2 April,all,Leiny,"Great content for the current price, difficult boss-fights and solid gameplay"
,Recommended,269770,17306370,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Myropainiac,"TL;DR: Buy this game. Many references, fun story and gameplay but tough as nails bosses.[Some minor spoilers ahead, be warned]What is good about this game:- Being able to select the visual appearence of one item while keeping the stats of another if you choose. No longer must you choose between style and function. You want a chicken hat with the protection of an iron helmet? you got it.- So many references. In my 7 hours I have notices 3 Pokemon references, a Mario reference, multiple Legend of Zelda references, 2 South Park references, a LITERAL Gundam boss, a well-known youtuber cameo in character and probably multiple more that I have missed.- Funny dialogue and interesting characters.- Impressive variety of skills to learn and base your playstyle on. (Several elements with 3 spells each plus many one and two handed weapon skills)What is bad/can be improved:- Menus are a bit annoying. For example if I want to make something and I lack the items needed, I can see if I have enough of item A, if I need more of item B or if I havent discovered Item C, BUT It will not tell me how much MORE of item B I need, which is a bit annoying. The difference between Silver points, Gold points and Talent orbs could also be explained better. I got a fair way into the game before realising what Talent orbs were and that I could spend them.- Some of the bosses feel a bit like Bullet Hells, and it can be VERY frustrating having to redo bosses over and over again since you keep dying to an onslaught of attacks on the screen. Maybe this is intended and I'm just not used to the difficulty, but I think if it is impossible to beat a boss with 1hp, you are doing something wrong as the boss is becoming less Skill based and more Luck based (such as theWinterboss, where heteleports several times and creates multiple ice pillars while launching fists of snow. He can effectively box you in to a point where you end up being hurt by his fist because you cannot move, or by the spikes as you try to avoid said fist. Or thePresent machine where you have 6 presents, multiple bombs falling from the ceiling and several trains moving past).- Block mechanics can be improved slightly. I find myself taking damage if I drop my shield after an attack, even if the enemy has moved back or the projectile has vanished.I have high hopes for this game and hopefully this game is finished into the masterpiece it has the potential to be, and isn't another forgotten Early Access game."
76561198056594449,Recommended,269770,21218968,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Thoeme.,"Everything you expect and more. As far as I can say, absolutely worth the money. It's real fun to play in coop and the controls with a controller are perfect. And beside the good gameplay a funny story."
76561198104534793,Recommended,269770,18229674,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,alphavolt1,Best RPG for 2015!!!why dont they make them like this anymore :(
,Recommended,269770,18400340,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,BARBA,"This is an amazing game because every single aspect of it was well thought and well crafted.I hope the full game is released soon and that many DLCs will show up in the following years.The only thing i didn't enjoy so much was the soundtrack. It is good, but not as good as the rest of the game.9.5/10"
76561198206164009,Recommended,269770,30615649,Posted: 19 March,all,mr_squiddy_123,"Secrets of Grindea, being an early acces game, has (in my personal opinion) thrived greatly into a briliiant open world rpg. Me and my friends are currently playing from about 40+ hours of the game, and every time we go back to a place there is always something new that we can share a laugh about. I would rate this game at an 8/10, simply because it has been in early access for a year and a bit now. If this game was to fully release out of beta then I would even go as far as to say it is perfect, and even at this point in time I would say to anyone who has become slightly interested, buy it now without hesitating."
76561198055299920,Recommended,269770,34599098,Posted: 29 August,all,"""Mayhem"" Kura","Kuramei here,I know many are iffy' about early access, alpha, or beta games. Especially those with the tag, ""Pixel"". I'm a late 80's baby, and grew up on games such as Tibia, Final Fantasy, and more. Those early games shaped my attraction to games. This game is a tad chibi, but so far the quantity and quality of what is in the game (I.E., story, interactable characters, items, skills, talents, etc.) makes up for the child-like esk. And at the same time that esk is refreshing. There is something to be said about games that can bring a customizable twist to a simplstic world. So far... Secrets of Grindea does it well! I thoroughly enjoyed the first 1.5 hours I invested into this game. Think: Tibia meets Hunger Games, meets Boarderlands, meets Pixel, meets sword-and-board, meets magic, meets cute yet attractice game art, meets what the actual-where-have-you-been, meets smooth combat, meets fluid movement and terrain adventuring, meets addictive story element. That's this game. I found myself wanting to find out more and more, even though some games that have this esk have very assumable elements (typically repeated from other bigger games). This is hands down one of the most enjoyable games I have played on Steam in a while. I will be following, updating, and writing more to game devs on anything I see that could be a noteable point for development. I encourage you... the price makes the purchase feel questionable... I don't regret my purchase."
,Recommended,269770,17700333,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Rudeboy,"I have been waiting for this game for a really long time and it was worth the wait.Awesome soundtrack, gameplay and animations. If you are a fan of games like this just buy it."
76561198114112698,Recommended,269770,18128062,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Bubby_The_Cow,"This game is so much fun, and I can't wait until they release more of it!! :D"
,Recommended,269770,22634408,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Baguette Man,"I love this game, I wish my friends loved it though because I have no one to play with."
,Recommended,269770,21981396,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Arthyr Ap Penddraig,'OH MY GOD YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!'- My best friend's raction when I got given the card drop that she ground for10/10 nearly destroyed my relationship with her.
76561198246918120,Not Recommended,269770,34351898,Posted: 19 August,all,llewis0814,"This game is a lot of fun BUT it will likely never actually be completed.  It kind feels like a con by a couple of amateur developers with a good concept:  they work on the game very slowly over time, keep it ""in development"" for years and years (until Steam realizes what they're doing and pull it) and keep people buying and getting excited about it but never actually finish it.  I've been watching this happen for close to two years and basically nothing has changed with the game.It's fun, but incredibly disappointing once you realize how unfinished it is.  Look at the pace of their development log on the site and you'll see that actual development of the game is pitifully slow.  If you have money to blow on a fun, thoughtful, but never to be finished game: go for it (and good on you for having the cash to waste, I wish I had not)."
,Not Recommended,269770,23526394,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Junayah,"Devs are hardly releasing any updates for this game and the story is still pretty unfinished.I'd really like to recommend this game because i love the gameplay and sense of humor, but you should NOT buy it at this state.Though the game runs without bugs even in coop and arcade, multiplayer.I will change my review if the devs actually show some effort to finish this game anytime soon but i regret paying the full price for a game that remains not even half done."
,Recommended,269770,18055415,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Last Note of a Song,"Probably the most fun I've had in a while especially if you take the early access status of the game into consideration. Game itself might get a bit repetitive after a while of playing but it's fun nonetheless. As the description says about the game ""It is a tribute to and sometimes a parody of the old SNES games so many of us grew up with and loved!"" and that is exactly how the felt but as an added bonus it gave me a Legend of Mana vibe which is my favorite game of all time."
76561198133808368,Recommended,269770,25661702,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SamTheKami,"sep 23Just reach the furtherest of story at this point.following is my OPINIONpros:baggy's sacasmgood skill treebalance jobs: one handle swordsman, two handle swordsman, mage, summoner(not my type, didn't go deep for this)good varity of armor(love how some monster drop specific armor)open workshop on different language.decent replayability(grinding)neutural:sound trackstory linetreasure map(i am sorry, not my type)cons:story too short.(still in bata)not too much recipenot enough plot for those two friendsoverall it is a good game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,269770,22150953,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,stronk boy knoppers,love it probably the best retro style rpg there is
76561198034124151,Recommended,269770,22406034,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MerkyKerpy,"Secrets of Grindea is a top down adventure game that immediately reminds me of the Legend of Zelda series in it's blend of combat and puzzles. While still an early access game at the time of writing, there is more than enough content to justify the fifteen dollar price tag. With an easy to learn combat system and the lack of distinct classes, combat feels smooth and genuinely fun, as one would hope a game with the term ""grind"" in the title would boast. Likewise, the characters are for the most part interesting, if perhaps not always particularly memorable.The characters of Grindea tend to alternate between totally forgettable and completely memorable. Your talking loot bag, appropriately named Bag, your close friend Luke, and your somewhat obnoxious rival Marino all manage to establish themselves with completely memorable characteristics - Bag is very cynical and sarcastic, with what appears to be an mix of disinterest and dislike for all things not labeled Very Rare Loot. Luke, meanwhile, is a hardworking powerhouse of a boy, but isn't particularly bright. Marino is a rich, bratty noble, and while that's not particularly deep as a character, he does a good job of making it memorable. On the other hand, quest giver Quinton, a couple of clearly reoccuring, almost Team Rocket - esque thugs, and even the player character's own father all seem to have virtually no personality. In the interest of fairness, these characters haven't recieved nearly as much screentime as Bag, but the problem is that the charcters I found memorable made themselves memorable from the first meeting, whereas all of these less memorable characters have appeared at least twice and still have yet to make any sort of impact on me.Combat in Grindea, as I mentioned above, is a very easy concept to grasp, if a little hectic in practice. The Z key is your basic melee attack with whatever is equiped to your weapon slot, X raises your shield, and the A,S,D,F,C, and V keys all bind to the various special attacks and spells you pick up over the course of the game. This means that a solid blend of melee and magical combat is more than plausible, although the effort to make that blend work is probably more than a strictly melee or magical style. That being said, the only character I've made so far is very focused to the ice branch of magic, and so I am unable to comment on how balanced the various skills are as of now. Despite this, it's worth repeating that the combat system itself is very enjoyable, and the more polished parts of the game are an immense pleasure to play.However, it's also worth repeating that this is an early access game, and it began to become extraordinarily obvious when I was coming close to the end of the story mode content simply because the majority of the major fights became seriously unbalanced towards solo players. Perhaps it becomes less of a headache with coplayers in the mix, but one particularly noteworthy boss fight required me to keep putting damage on the boss while at the same time destroying remarkably resilient minions that were spewing poisonous gas across the battlefield. Forget to put enough pressure on the boss, and he will fully heal his minions and render them invulnerable until you go back to putting damage on the boss himself. As a solo player, the task was almost too much for me to handle, and I was only able to scrape by thanks to the points I'd put into my summonable snow golem. I don't take issue with the idea behind the boss fight, but it's more than evident that the devs have yet to find an appropriate balance that challenges a group of playeres and still remains manageable for solo players.That fight notwithstanding, coming closer to the end of story mode also saw a lot of interesting puzzles and challenges spring forth. There's a dungeon in which the changing of the seasons is required to open up different paths to progress, and there's a sequence closer to the end of the existing content in which a teleportation power from earlier is used to cross elaborate labrynths of cannons, using mirrors and timed launches to get across. While difficult, I found myself enjoying the sequence, and look forward to seeing how the puzzles might further develop with the release of future content.All in all, Grindea is a fun game that is definitely worth the price, despite it's glaring flaws, and it shows a lot of potential in where it can go from here. While not yet finished, it's a very enjoyable product and looks to be a fantastic game in the making."
76561198180531201,Recommended,269770,21861630,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The OG Sloth,"When I saw the game I instantly put it on my wishlist. I'm a sucker for retro RPG games and when I saw this game I was like :O. I was gonna wait for the full release for the game but after downloading the demo I couldn't help myself and just handed over the money instantly.Secrets of Grindea is a great game for what is currently finished so far and i just wish i hadn't gone through the game so quickly. The only con about the game is that it isn't complete and that the updates are very spaced out, but it'll be worth the $15 once its complete."
,Recommended,269770,18603102,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Triss,"It's an amazing game, hope you guys will keep updating it and release the game when it's done ^_^ !"
76561197994386114,Recommended,269770,22779233,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,200% Mikkusujusu ~,"Grab up to four friends and have a BLAST with this wonderfully crafted gem of a game.  If Zelda/Secret of Mana with online co-op and challenging difficulty sounds like something you'd fancy, get this game!"
,Recommended,269770,22866990,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,PigeonHawk,"From the times with Legend of Zelda to the Secrets of Mana, this game perfectly brings all that nostalgia back in this well crafted game. Plus, it has chickens that you can attack,but be warned. They are stupidly hard to get into that stupid coop in arcade mode with a set time. It's fun, challenginig, funny and it has co-op! The developers have thought of everything for this game and I am sure all of us are looking forward to that final release!"
76561198028101712,Recommended,269770,21759224,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,kajidiablo,"this game is a killer zelda like game and thats not a bad thing theres a slightly better story then the older zelda games at times but i have some issues with it, a few being once your about lvl 20 its near impossable to lvl up without massivly grinding areas but the games small so i can understand it,it needs more content! i like arena id love to see more like a boss round where you face them one after each other to try and obtain drops that seem impossable to get, ive crafted every item almost other then the boss item required recipies i have almost every card some monsters seem to have a next to impossable drop rate after killing 1000's of some no luck idk lol. frontier (beta) version is cool you can test the new ""almost at the next story dungen"" simple low exp was alright if a bit annoying with the poison im not great at reviews but this game has a lot of potential still it just needs MORE in every term of the word spells are fun but odd mele spells are a tad annoying to use since you get cancled if your hit and your mele....your going to be close lol so im always hybrid useing cloud and snow summon with max flies and then mele with a 2h whenever someone gets close bosses are alot of bullet hell and spamming spells while you run (flies are epic fyi) lol ok ill stop my rant id say buy the game support the developer and get ready for a crazy ride i just hope this game can deliver :) 8/10"
76561198048497470,Recommended,269770,19742699,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,WangBlaster,good
,Recommended,269770,18538229,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mustache Legs,"I got this game to play with friends, after playing the beta I thought it looked fun and so I got the early access version. I certainly didn't regret it, the gameplay is fun, the dialogue is funny, the possible builds are varied. My only request is to add some melee combat perks that are for both 1 and 2 handed weapons. Anyways very fun game, would reccomend."
76561198178443349,Recommended,269770,22299411,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Walter,It's a very good game with lots off quests and I love it :)!
,Recommended,269770,20034487,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FELIX,"Link to the Past with online co-op.The campaign is very well designed around co-op too, it's not just singleplayer with more people.Need I say more?"
76561198065624130,Recommended,269770,18492549,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Azurac,"Amazing game. I have tried to write a review for a bit now but words just don't seem to do it justice. Buy this game, play this game, love this game.The game is currently in Early Access Beta, that being said, even though the game is not fully complete its still worth supporting."
76561198037836996,Recommended,269770,20453242,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jack,"It may not be done yet, but has a surprising depth to it already. I already enjoyed it quite a bit with some minor gripes, but otherwise? I can recommend this to anyone interested."
76561198056290346,Recommended,269770,21302247,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Pharphis,"Amazing, even while incomplete. The game is also challenging but manageable.Lots of fun, and although it CAN be grindy, it is at least fun to do so compared to many other RPGs that rely on grinding. Currently there is a dev-made work-around for those wondering if local multiplayer is possible. Just check the discussion board."
,Recommended,269770,21532723,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gyaraderp,"I'm going to base this off of my 7 hours of game play with friends.At first, it's a casual pace of getting settled into the game.For an early access, it's pretty satisfying.The boss battles are thoroughly intriguing and difficult.They require you to move constantly and think.There are puzzles involved that are not too difficult, just so so.And so much carnage.Lots of it.All in all, we had a blast.Definitely going to play this as it keeps updating."
,Recommended,269770,18718919,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Lady Kianna,"Cute so far but I'm having a hard time with the controls. Keybinding interface would be nice, that way people can play with aswd or with a controller."
,Recommended,269770,20136780,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,☩Sparrow421,"The game can not be completed right now as this is a beta from the time i am writing this review, but this game is fantastic, rivaling even the Zelda series.Very highly polished, very immerisive and very addicting!Can not wait for the completed release."
76561198021982372,Recommended,269770,21916663,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Acolynae,"Words cannot do justice to this glorious homage to games of the past.  Are you someone who played Zelda 3 or Secret of Mana?  If so, you will love everything about this game!Pros: Nostalgia galore!  Fun gameplay.  Neat balance between melee and magic.Cons: Not finished yet,I give this a solid 8/10 AS IS.  It shows promise to be a 9 or better, if you're old enough for it to stroke your memories, anyway."
76561198100193437,Recommended,269770,21773926,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,neverknowsbest117,I'm about 5 hours into this game. So far I absolutly love the nostalgic feel of this game. Secret of Mana and of course The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past are two of my all time favorite old school action RPGs. Secrets of Grindea definitely pays homage to the classics of this timeless genre.
76561198041667942,Recommended,269770,21882612,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,SleepingPanda,"I haven't played for very long, but every part of what I've played is AMAZING. There's so many different paths you can take in terms of what kind of playstyle you want. I personally really enjoy the hard-hitting magic + magic-augmenting 2H sword build. I'd definitely recommend you get it if you're on the fence. Support the devlopment and get more for the game!"
76561198153303969,Recommended,269770,18689914,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Rust,"I love this game! I really like its pixellated art style and its level system! Its level system is especially great because of its distribution of normal and gold skill points, basically to level skills (which I may add arent limited to a certain class you can choose any skill or spell regardless!) you need to get skill points but eventually once the skill is a high enough level normal skill points wont work and you need to use golden points to make the skill stronger these golden skill points are much more infrequent than normal skill points this provides a way of making it so that you dont get super strong super fast giving you a much more challenging aspect. Another great aspect of the grame is its great side activities! You can fish, tame pets do fun sidequests, herd chickens, and craft strong weapons and armor! I love the crafting system its simple but still needs a fair amount of grinding for certain items, which is great because its well IN THE NAME and it gives you great satisfaction when you finally craft the item! One of the only complaints I'd have about the game is it only lets you play with steam friends which is ok i geuss but I'd like to be able to play with people online I could make new friends with, not neccesarily for story mode but more for arcade mode, which i may add is a little cruel. Other than what i have already stated I have no complaints I really look forward too the games further development in which something I hope to see is a skill line for the bow and different kinds of bows like there are swords, another thing I REALLY HOPE TO SEEEE is healing! while I understand enemies drop health from time to time I feel health potions would be very useful and would bring more attention to the potions shop in Evergrind, another thing regarding healing I hope to see in the game is a healing skill for the support skill line I personally would really like this because healing teamate would make the game a lot more fun with friends. I hope you find this review helpful and if the developers are reading this I hope they find my ideas helpful"
,Recommended,269770,17641398,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Grue,"Fun, but dont rush the game or you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by enemys harder than nipples in a blizzard"
76561198087875510,Recommended,269770,20970094,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mickey,"Honestly this game is amazing, its got a fun and interesting story, a super creative gameplay and puzzle style, and the art is just amazing, this game is awesome10/10 would play again, and again"
76561198165208572,Recommended,269770,19858403,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Snugboat,This is an amazing game and awesome adventure. I recomend it to anyone!
,Recommended,269770,27612100,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheJaguar,thats pretty gooooooddd
76561198130415713,Recommended,269770,23367500,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,moonstryder86,A trip down 90's memory lane
76561198107929802,Recommended,269770,21755904,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,123,This game is amazing. Hands down the best pixel rpg I have ever played. I played it for a while and its awesome the variety of enemies and how colorful the world is! Every boss is unique and takes skill to beat. You have the option of grinding out cards and side quests to max out skills or just do the story mode. I expect great things when this game comes out of early access. I hope it to be supported for a long time to come because it is awesome!!!
,Recommended,269770,21439895,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Thethan,"This is the only game that I have gotten my girlfriend to play on steam during our 8 months of living together. I bought this game early on, and it was awesome then, I'm just waiting patiently for them to complete the story.Keep up the fantastic work, guys!"
,Recommended,269770,20037519,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,quixoticaxis,"Go buy it, and let's wait for the full release together. This game is awesome."
76561198046128011,Recommended,269770,31719103,Posted: 13 May,all,SF_B16B34R,"Lots, lots of potential. Beautiful art-style; it's rare to see such a breathtaking view when playing games with this sort of art-style but it really works here. The music is also serene and arcade-y. Will bring mad nostalgia to 80s and 90s kids, and is an exemplary game for younger audience who want to understand the value of classic games when it's executed well.It is however in early access and is still unfinished, albeit well polished. I do believe it sill has a long way to go, as it's not just missing a few items, but missing whole skill trees. There's also not much NPC interaction, and the combat can get stale if you're grinding.As you can see, I don't have that many hours in this game so I don't blame you if you don't believe me. I do think it's a good game, but it needs to really pick up and hook the audience if it expects a complete playthrough. The combat in itself is not varied and interesting enough to be the main reason to play this game. Even the art-style, arguably the game's strongest point, is the kind of art-style that will illicit ""wow""s and ""woo""s and ""cool""s and ""nice""s, but it's not going to keep gamers coming back. The devs need to work on the longevity of the game, but it has undoubtedly a very strong first impression.I'm always very cautious when reviewing early access games as I'm not sure whether to review the current build or the final product (which one can only guess).Current build: 72.5/100If they manage to deliver everything as promised: 75/100If they deliver everything as promised and fine tune the combat, add more loot and interactable NPCS: 80/100PS follow ""Convert Your Significant Other!"" or CoYoSiOt, my Steam Curator page, if you're interested in finding good games with an emphasis on cooperative play and accessibility to convert your significant other! Does your loved one complain about your gaming habits? Says you spend too much time and money on steam? Worry not! Follow my page and I guarantee you'll both be spending twice as much time and money on gaming than ever before! Everybody wins! You win, your lover wins, and Steam wins!"
,Recommended,269770,21377039,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,dracoling,"This game was a ton of fun. The ""Arcade Mode"" roguelike is a nice touch. Story is excellently done so far, excited to see where the next update will take us!"
,Recommended,269770,32621292,Posted: 21 June,all,Urdlu,"secrets of grindea is turning into quite the little gem. still in early access, it's got quite the story, music, and little tidbits of humor and emotions thrown into the mix. here you level up but not defined to a class. you can be a fire ball casting 2h sword weilder. go nuts. you can also collect cards from all normal mosters after the slime boss and getting your first card from it. these have a low chance of dropping from all common monsters with 1 per monster. each grants a permanant buff to the character but can only be obtained once per monster. this game is not completed yet, but so far 3 temples are out, and they are amazing, havent come across any glitches and full of puzzles as well. it makes for quite the journey. highly recommending this game. i've beaten the full story and got all 31 cards so far. i'll be happy to help. i've decided to go strictly 1h sword. up to 4 friends can join you and help you out (hosts world is the one you join) and no opening ports and round around crap. just online play at its finest. :D seriously if you havent clicked that buy button yet, do it! it's so worth the $15 (or $25 for all dlc)"
76561197980180103,Recommended,269770,17519295,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Carniva,I enjoy this game a lot. My only beef with it is that it's a tad short for now.
,Recommended,269770,21218494,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Thiago,"Story mode is not done yet, but you can spend hours in arcade mode and multiplayer."
76561198096036988,Recommended,269770,20411734,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,eu so brasilo,"I saw this game a week ago and didn't think I'd be intrested since games like zelda didn't intrest me. But when I decided to try it, I found it was well worth 15$ dollars. The gameplay doesn't get boring and the characters are charming. Now I'm just excited for the full release."
,Recommended,269770,20039541,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pimbirthon,"Really good to play with friends, resembles The Legend of Zelda A LOT."
76561198046209588,Recommended,269770,31777116,Posted: 15 May,all,MysticBBQ,"Grindea is everything you want from an ARPG. It has great story, great gameplay and brilliant comedy. Very reminiscent of games like Secret of Mana, but that's probably why you came here, isn't it?The best part? It's still being worked on, and the game sections aren't released until they are perfect.In it's early access stage, it boasts at least 20 hours of gameplay for the casual player, and 25+ for the completionist. On top of this, there's an arcade mode which is a fun (but difficult) floor by floor dungeon crawler, with a boss at the end.Would I reccomend this game? Definitely. Is this review biased? Definitely, but if you came to this page, you probably had no other intention than buying it.Pixel Ferrets are doing a great job."
76561198066275299,Recommended,269770,21549390,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Undelicious,"Fantastic game, I love grinding. I love fishing. I love old school SNES rpgs. If you like these things Grindea is for you."
,Recommended,269770,21576582,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DoubleN,"""This is one of those games again..."" you would say. but this game is way different from what you think it is! the game is a successor to the legend of zelda series with large tweaks to the combat system and how the whole game works. if you've wished for another game to play after a game like, again legend of zelda THEN GET THE GAME but i recomend you wait for the game to get out of early access!"
76561198165093127,Recommended,269770,21555292,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Minima,"10/10 the only RPG without skeletonsIn all seriousness, this game is AMAZING. This is the only game I have ever seen on steam that has a perfect 10/10 rating!PROS.-Fantastic artstyle, even though its pixelated, everything flows really nicely-No limitations, choose any ability you want, whenever you want, and however many you want.-Fun spells and attacks, make you feel incredibly powerful-Funny and lovable characters-PETS!-Lots of replayability-Grinding is suprisingly fun-A good challenge I have not faced in some time-Overwhelmingly fun multiplayerSheesh, that took a while.CONS.-Kind of short story mode, but its in early access so it gets a pass (in my book at least)-Arcade mode is repetetive after some time-$15 is a bit expensive for some-Some bosses are just huge difficulty spikesIt actually took me some time to come up with cons. This game is a MUST-BUY!"
,Recommended,269770,32795500,Posted: 25 June,all,Mailstorm,"It's a simple game. Takes your mind off of things, let's you relax.Till you get to some of the later boss fights. Then it doesn't do any of that."
,Not Recommended,269770,21378636,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TransparentNinja,"The last time I played this game was in 2015. I've decided to come check on it two years later and WHAT A SURPRISE!!! They still barely released any content.The game is truely amazing for what they have so far, but this development is truely on par with cubeworld. This game is a forever early access money grab."
76561198132207949,Recommended,269770,20660485,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,PapioAndrew,i like pie
76561198299837439,Recommended,269770,34538646,Posted: 27 August,all,Mr. Ross the Boss,"Disclaimer I'm righting this review after beating Mai Ting story line. I plan on playing it so much more.This game is beautiful will be the first thing I will say. The pixel art style is usually done in a blocky way now a days, however this game seems smooth with the style. If you couldn't notice from the title this game can be extremely grindy, but you don't have to spend all your time grinding away trash mobs if you don't want to. The story is predictable, but has arcs in it that feel like it hasn't happen in any other game I have played recently. Updates do come out fairly regularly compared to other games, so if you want to play this game for a few hours, put it down, and then return a few months laterthat is a legit way to play.  After 21.1 hours in the game I still don't have all the cards you can get, nor all the trash mob items, crafting, quests, and fishes. So I'm looking at maybe another 5 hours at most to get everything in the game now. However by time i think i get everything there will probably be an update for more content.Another thing that makes this game so addicting and fun is the Arcade/ Arena mode. Where to progress you have to get better at the game. some people have over 60 hours in this mode alone, and still haven't got their town filled up, or have beaten the final floor's boss. Basically if you want to buy a game that makes you feel good about yourself when you play it, to see how far you can progress, i highly suggest this game. Another plus is that you can play with friends.I really don't have anything negative to say about this game other than if you don't like to work for things and grind than this game isn't for you."
76561198042799035,Recommended,269770,34423618,Posted: 22 August,all,Cron,Good rpg. Pretty solid.
,Recommended,269770,32414958,Posted: 14 June,all,Hellrazor215,"This game is something I've been looking for, Zelda style gameplay but has a level system. I played the demo and was instantly hooked. It is Early Access so there are some bugs, I already found one broken quest at 2 hours in, but other than taking up space in my quest log it isn't a bother. The game does have its own website where you can track changes and updates."
76561198164501978,Recommended,269770,22318488,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,luxorde ♠(◣_◢)♠,Love it!
,Recommended,269770,18604169,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,White Wolf,Everything about this game is great! I mean really great. I play for 4 hours straight in one sitting. And got my butt cramped because of it. 10/10 would do it again
76561198076039746,Recommended,269770,22993997,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Cerberus,"Absolutely fantastic!  Take all the best parts of Secrets of Mana, Final Fantasy VI and Mystic Quest, roll it into a ball, add some actually really funny humor, and you have this game.  I was sad to get to the end of the beta, but I look forward to new content!  If you AT all a fan of some of the classic and great RPGs from SNES, this is a MUST get."
76561197979242007,Recommended,269770,23040767,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Fred Burguer,"One of few games that in a very long time really make me enjoy my spare time.The only real reason not to play right now is the lack of content, wich is obvious seen the game in not yet finished.Please continue the great work and finish this game."
76561198041019223,Recommended,269770,17682608,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Krael,"I'm very picky about my games, and usually there are always things I dislike, but not in this game. This is a hidden gem and I can't wait to see more of it.If you, like me, loved all those SNES games like Secret of Mana/Evermore, Terranigma, Zelda, you are going to love Secrets of Grindea. I like everything about this game! Graphics are neat, the combat is challenging but fair and feels pretty balanced across all specs. The bossfights are especially well designed.Story is pretty much what you'd expect. In the current beta there is already a good variety of scenes (forest, snow, pumpkin/spooky forest, cave, christmas, toy factory).The dialogues are funny and enjoyable.Try that demo. Now!"
76561198025060095,Recommended,269770,18112915,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Sose,"Played this game with 2 friends, story mode on hard difficulty was definitely challenging, especially some of the boss fights require multiple attempts, forcing you to learn the patterns instead of just smashing buttons.Some of the level design reminds me of Legend of Zelda, combat brought back memories of Secret of Mana and brutal (but fair) boss design could be compared to games like Ys.The game has ""grind"" in its name so if you're a fan of hunting for items, it certainly has that aspect aswell. There's really no reason to grind if you don't feel like it. The grinding aspect works well though, the longer you stay in one area and the more enemies you kill, the faster they start spawning with some of them being stronger ""elite"" versions of normal enemies. So the difficulty starts ramping up and it can get pretty chaotic after a short while.Lots of fun with friends, just be aware that it is early access - not all of the game zones or skills are implemented but the core gameplay and mechanics are solid already.We've yet to finish the story mode and we haven't tried arcade mode yet. But I can already recommend it, atleast as a co-op game if you're fans of ARPGs."
,Recommended,269770,17803499,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Celedaen,"This game is outright amazing. My friend and I got it to play and it is just flat out amazing. the story mode is amazing and so far the only things that are there are two dungeons. Plenty to grind for (Ha) and plenty of things to craft. However, there are a few things that♥♥♥♥♥♥him and I off though. In arcade mode, enemies need to be debuffed or you need to start with ability points and skill points from the start, the fact that two rabby's can kill you easily in the first room of arcade mode, is just horrible and unbalanced. And those points that you get for purchasing perks are so rare that I would rather just not play it. It doesnt feel like a grind to get it, it just feels like a waste of time because its not garaunteed that you will get any whatsoever. You can go on a run through the first five floors and not even earn a single point."
76561198047852650,Recommended,269770,17737971,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Darkghost,"I dont often write reviews but i think this game deserves every bit of praise it an get!Full of charm and character. you can tell a lot of love went into this. Considering this is early acces it is very playable and the arcade mode can be worth it even on itself,it has some elements simulair to the binding of isaac but has enough going fotr it to make it stand on its own and be addicting to boot! I havent played with friends yet but on its own its still a blast.The Devs have a weekly blog where you can track the progress of the game and their is allready tons of content to play with!Definitly worth buying richt now.just known that there are still a few areas missing and that some things like a few skills are not fully implemented yet."
,Recommended,269770,17289486,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Admiral Organa,"Holly.Crap. I haven't even fully got into the game yet and i'm already amazed by the game! The system for leveling (even though its not fully done) is very enjoyable, so I can be a fighter mage defence character and not stuck to one skill line. The game even on normal was HARD the first time but is quickly becoming easy to learn and fun to play. I hope from the bottom of my heart this game keeps getting updated 10/10 would waste life on"
,Recommended,269770,32356259,Posted: 11 June,all,Snaz,I love this game - is very fun - if you'd like to play especially beastmode with hard setting - please add me.I use support magic and fire / also might use bugs. :D
,Recommended,269770,33835489,Posted: 27 July,all,BlazingPanda,"have been playing all the story content for now(about 50%), and the story is really interesting. The Dev has plans to make this game better and better. it's not a full game yet but i am sure this game will rock later"
76561198053887713,Recommended,269770,17127040,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Overworlder97,A great RPG. Beautiful artwork and pixel graphics alongide fun and varied combat makes this game a blast to play. Along side the funny and interesting story mode comes a great arcade mode where you can face off against waves of enemies in randomly generated areas. Play solo or with your friends :D Well worth the £11 i paid for it.
76561198045882654,Recommended,269770,24743447,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Super Pootis Hoovie,Best pixel art style game since Terraria!7/10 Smiles - Slightly buggy - In my opinion you should start with one skill crystal and orb.
76561198061466616,Recommended,269770,25331003,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Harambe Rick,This game is not just a blast to play but its also really pretty to look at i would defiently reccomend getting if you want to do something with your buddies
,Recommended,269770,22189512,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dexios S. Divine,"Pretty Gooood. Has a lot of cliches and some pretty lame naming like ""Startington"" lol... But looking past that, there is a lot of work done in this game and shows that the devs want to see this game finished. Not a bad buy"
76561198036248595,Recommended,269770,17141151,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,LastChime,"TL/DR;Pros- Spiritual successor to older ARPG titles (Secret of Mana/Star Tropics/A Link to the Past)- Solid build customization and choices that change gameplay a lot- Responsive Controls, Xbox controller works fine off the hop with zero third party software necessary- Good Humor- Good Multiplayer Experience and Customization- Decent Musical Score- Fairly difficult compared to modern games (Tough but fair, it's not quite ""Nintendo Hard"" but close)Cons- Default keybindings can be hard on hands, probably want a controller unless you want to custom keybind.- Menu slightly unintuitive at first- Crafting doesn't seem to be covered at all in the first few hours or so- Game is incomplete, some areas not accessable even early on, does not impact current gameplay though.It's pretty decent, only have 3 hours in so far though.Like it says on the tin it definitely captures the spirit of Secret of Mana/A Link to the Past/Star Tropics. However it also adds in some nice new shiny features, the biggest one being build customization. I guess the closest comparison on the build system would be something like Skyrim or Kingdoms of Amular: Reckoning (as in non linear, pick whatever you want but there's still progression within each).The controls are responsive however being an old goat I got hand cramps after the first hour and switched to Xbox 360 controller and enjoyed it a lot more after that (could still probably be solved with some manual rebinding). It's a little quirky to get used to the menu controls being that it behaves exactly like an old SNES title (no mouse, nested menus button press down and back up).The dialogue is pretty funny, it has a lot of fourth wall humor often poking fun at itself and the genre. So far the score is decent but I'm only a few hours in.I got a few friends to buy it and we've been playing together and having a blast, the steam integration makes this super easy. You can choose whether to scale the leveling or not which seems nice but hasn't actually been tested by me yet, we're all pretty low level so I didn't see the point. Also loot options can be customized I didn't bother though as round robin seemed to work, the nice thing is it seems that if you haven't got a chest yet in story mode and another player opens it up you still get it. It doesn't seem to scale the enemies much in 2 player, so you can sort of cheese some content by ressurecting a downed player, but you have to time it properly so I guess it's not the end of the world. Oh and other than that, there's no healing in the game beyond picking up a certain drop (sort of like old Mega-Man games).I was nervous buying on early access but feel that this genre was worth the investment, we don't see many and I was pleasently suprised by the quality of this early access and the decent amount of difficulty in the game, you'll probably die quite a bit, but it's pretty fair. So yeah would recommend.EDIT: After playing with 3 the difficulty does indeed scale, though perhaps not enough I removed the con from the list."
,Recommended,269770,17145801,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Skyform,Very satisfying action RPG. The story mode is filled of spoofs that trigger the ol' nostalgia. Hard mode is pretty punishing but still feels great.I think the Arcade mode is where the game will shine. It's basically endless mode rogue-like IE rogue legacy with a few caveats.
,Recommended,269770,22345021,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mitch_Rapp27,"This is a SNES inspired ARPG...sort of like Zelda: A Link to the Past.  Long story short, I am enjoying it.For an early access game it is quite polished.  There is clearly still some contect that is going to be added (new zones, enemies, items, bosses, abilities, passives), but there is already a lot here...I have 3.5 hours on 2 different save files and I am about 10-15% done with the current content.  I figure there is about 20-25 hours of gameplay available now if you want to collect/unlock everything.Here are my first impressions (I also have a Let's Play series on my YouTube Channel):https://youtu.be/7_FZ9s2ul20"
,Recommended,269770,28384545,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BLINKeu,"who's looking for co-op game with family sharing ..this game's for uno need to buy another copy ..u can share library with them and play together(without using steam client)..worth enough?no need to wait for discount ..if u tried the demo and luv it ,no reason to skip this one."
,Recommended,269770,32181547,Posted: 4 June,all,Squirtle,"Love this game. Reminds a lot of the anime ""Hunter x Hunter"" which I love as well, mixed in with some Legend of Zelda and Stardew Valley. It has a light hearted adventure story, 4 player co-op, easy to understand skill tree, and cute characters and cosmetics.The only downside is that it doesn't have a complete campaign yet, so the content ends early. Also the development is taking ages. On the bright side though, it's quality over quantity which is good.I recommend playing this game with a friend or significant other and try not to fly through it. Take your time to enjoy all the little details. Don't be a ""try hard"", kick back and relax and enjoy."
,Recommended,269770,17950655,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Re.D[ x ],"classic grinding rpg, great for getting me back into gaming. my pc can handle it well enough. character customization attracted me further and the art is fantastic in quality."
,Recommended,269770,19142431,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,[PP]3Gen,"For a start, I have no idea why this is called ""grindea"" implying there would be grinding like no tommorow. Which it aint, not even if you want every single item in the game. Sure its a little bit timewasting, but you do not have to go 24/7 mode.Story mode is very short and the game is not worth buying if thats all you wanna do (for now).However the arcade mode is a truly good ""timewaster"" if you have nothing else to do and makes it all worth it, its not an expensive game after all and is fun, if restarting every time you die is something you like.I'd give this game a 6/10 in overall rating due to the short story which I guess will get alot more in the future!"
,Recommended,269770,23085809,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Nonsense,Tried the game from a kinda neutral standpoint. However I was pleasantly surprised over the game.The game flow is good and the bosses are challenging. Sometimes when you grind you can be overwhelmed by the enemies since they are kinda strong but that makes the game all the more fun!Can also recommend the co-op part of the game! =)
,Recommended,269770,34518413,Posted: 26 August,all,Kashaadri,This game is great! Fun with a friend! A classic RPG experience and Secret of Mana like. :D
76561198236960784,Recommended,269770,30460503,Posted: 11 March,all,SanSpirit,This game is lovely and just has a really cute vibe!Reaaaally enjoy playing this game with my friends and to explore the world adn do alll of the things u can do in Grindea! <3
,Recommended,269770,23266669,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,hendrix71,"really nice game, way better then secret of mana because of the skill systeme. The only negative tough is the fact that the group making this game is little so the game progress is slow. But what a game, nice art, nice graphic, not a lot of bug and we defenitly hope to see the world get bigger cause this game is really fun to play. Don't give up this game guy and thank you for bringing a good game like that with such a low price."
,Recommended,269770,34921511,Posted: 13 September,all,MissDemeanors,"I am a huge fan of action roleplaying games, especially the ones that came out during the era the SNES reigned supreme. Secret of Evermore and Secret of Mana were my two favorites, and this game holds true to that style of gameplay. Even though I already went as far as I could into the story, since it is early access and not complete, I STILL play the game because there is so much to do. From collecting items/cards to building up your town in the arcade, I am never bored! I have only played single player, most people rave about the multiplayer. Without even having a multiplayer experience I am in love!"
,Recommended,269770,17215276,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Whazup4341,"Grinded so much that I learned all the secrets, Iluminati is coming, hide yo kids, hide yo wife, cuz they gunna kill us all!Overall great game, grind your heart away to to get that sweet sweet luut, 0/10 would play all day."
,Recommended,269770,28742957,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AuroraTheReckless,"I feel this game is a bit over hyped. I enjoy RPGS, but to get right into the game, and have my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me on easy must mean something. Either that or I suck. other than it being a bit OP at the beginning, i enjoy the concept of the game a lot. So I do recommend it."
,Recommended,269770,23301489,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,the electric version,"Really fun, been playing it with some friends and we've all enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,269770,17084563,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,=GtH= Scraps_0f,"Awesome, would recomend to everyone. 10/10 Controller support is fantastic as well."
76561198094425962,Recommended,269770,29106112,Posted: 7 January,all,Ichangedmyname;),This game is great.I found this game browsing my queue.(yes i still do that)The game is so fun i couldn't stop myself from buying this for my friend.The game has sucked in his life also we both have reached a day of playtime within a week of ownership.All in all GG life i found a better alternative
,Recommended,269770,20845250,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Banashi,Great game i have only played 7 hours of this game but the humour is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious and the gameplay may be grindy (the secrets of GRINDea what do u expect) and the combat is awesome the boss fights are fun as ♥♥♥♥ and they have co-op you can♥♥♥♥♥♥around in this game with all ur friends (unless you have more then 4) so i give this game the perfect score of 5/7 buy now
,Recommended,269770,23595166,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,JaegerPony,"For an early access product Grindea is well polished. Though many of the zones were not yet available during play, those there are quite a lot of fun. Plays like Secret of Mana (Seiken Densetsu 2) from the SNES era, quite clearly a homage to the classic. If you enjoyed games like that, or The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, this should be right up your alley."
76561198165017131,Recommended,269770,20388072,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Starkiller,very fun game to play i would recommend this to all just buck up and pay for it worth every cent .
76561198153307416,Recommended,269770,22274680,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[WICH] The Assassin,While only half-way finished this game is an amazing example of the way many of us wish RPG's were today
,Recommended,269770,22855356,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Zotar8,"So far the game is pretty good. All of the bosses, except for one, have been somewhat challenging. I just hope that the game will progress further and not end up dropped and incomplete. I feel that the game needs a lot more content still. Maybe expanding the crafting system with upgrades and more rewards for farming.I really don't like purchasing Early Access games but it was good enough that I only regret buying it a little. So if you've got a ton of money to spend, go for it. If you're looking to spend your money a little more wisely, I'd wait a bit for a more complete game."
76561197970290399,Recommended,269770,21991836,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jak,Classic little gem.  Good story. Fun bosses. Best early access I have ever played.
76561198061502284,Recommended,269770,21920305,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Rubyn666,Love it!
76561198067713208,Recommended,269770,21474777,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Fux,A must-play for rpg fans. ive played almost every ARPG out there and this is definitely one of the top few. pretty surethe full game will be even betterPROS-gr8 game m8 8/8-good replayability-interesting story-flexible character builds-hatsCONS-story is very short-not enough hats
,Recommended,269770,20892259,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Saranoid,"I really enjoyed the game so far,  the animations and graphics are beautifully well done.The plot is well developed and has great progression. Combat is well refined and even the grinding is a lot of fun because of the card-system. I really liked how the game sucked me into the sidequest. Can't wait for the rest of it to be released. the dev's did a great job here :)"
,Recommended,269770,21284836,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,GANGSTA PANTHA,I can't wait for this game to get updated and come out of early access. This review will be edited later when the game is out of early accessStill in early access...
,Recommended,269770,18422130,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dryato,really great game reminds me that games that can be difficult can still be fun and enjoying
76561198047178768,Recommended,269770,18554203,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,tatu do bem,Best game I've played in 2015
,Recommended,269770,21614458,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,chill(神諭者),"This game is Addictive, it's like a combination of Zelda and Sword of Mana in a good balance way. I can't stop playing it, unlike Stardew Valley. This is something I will definitely keep playing it till end game."
76561198239532794,Recommended,269770,32787274,Posted: 25 June,all,Olimuz999,One of the best games I have bought so far and i can't wait for it to be finished :D
,Recommended,269770,21649358,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Determination,This is basically a very very very good RPG game with an epic story!!!!!!
,Recommended,269770,21264015,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Armandocubos,"how long time you need to end the game, I have enjoyed a lot this game but is incomplete so please do it because i need it ."
76561197966702999,Not Recommended,269770,24443694,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Q.Drache,"The game mechanics, ideas, artwork ... everything that's already there is GREAT. IF this game had enough content i could see me playing this several hundreds of hours.And here we go ...... the content isn't nearly satisfying. When i compare the content to the development time it'S VERY disappointing. I really doubt that they will ever finish this game with satisfying content. The Arcade mode is simply no option for me, it feels like a way to artificially extent the content.Its truly a shame, cant recommend the game right now, but it could be ""a one of a kind game"" that you come back to and talk about even after 10 years.IF there will be satisfying content someday, i will change my review and you will get tons of praise from me. But right now its not more than a joke when i compare the content with the development time!"
76561198170172739,Recommended,269770,22310351,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,colin7arnnelson,.
76561198038328584,Recommended,269770,18232686,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,VanilllaThunder,I want to know the secrets :^)
76561198149964920,Recommended,269770,17068806,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,starboy6969,AMAZING
76561198148995214,Recommended,269770,18531622,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sora,Best JRPG I have played since YS: Memories of Celceta. I reccomend this to anyone looking into the JRPG genre as there is little to no grinding involved.
,Recommended,269770,17729527,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,77th | Rec | Caesarmeister,"I think this game already has a great amount of content! The developers are constantly keeping us up to date and it already runs/looks wonderful.I am up to the current storyline and the characters have great development, especially a trusty bag you carry along with you! I really do think this game has a lot of potential and I can't wait for the next update. I've been playing with a friend also and we have had super fun with it, I'm going to upload youtube videos of our letsplay and hopefully people will keep funding this beautiful game!"
76561198036131290,Recommended,269770,33193638,Posted: 3 July,all,Cactus,"Got subtle and not so subtle references that I appreciate, and also puns."
,Recommended,269770,33110347,Posted: 1 July,all,Harold P. Penisman,N E V E R crack this game.
,Recommended,269770,17099021,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,davud.a.fritts,"I think this game is RIGHT down my alley. Unfortunatly, I have a couple of opinions :/ First of all, I think that pets should be able to help out in fights. Second, I think that Mages are a little OP. Third, there should be SOME form of regen like Health Potions sold at the Alchemy Shop, or some kind of Spell that restores health. Forth, Boars are insanly difficult and frustrating to battle considering they are incredibly fast and deal heavy damage, so you cant easily take them down without heavy damage. It doesn't really help that you have to perfectly time a Quick-Block. Fifth, I found an easy way to exploit the fact that you can cut off the attack recharge by Quick-Blocking. For example, if I were to Attack and Block really quickly alternating, i can attack twice a second and deall about 400 damage per second. I also used a whole lot of differant things that i could label as a little broken. First, Phillip (what I call the adorable little snow monster), I want to know whether or not i shoul consider him broken. I decided to max out Phillip and now hes practically like a second me (^-^)I'll add more later, but for now, I'd love to see Boar nerfing, and Health Potions in Story Mode."
,Recommended,269770,17098680,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,krudemon,"Its fun and old school in away.  Looks and plays great .  Im just a little scared it might be a short game im .5 hrs in to it and im all ready 6% finshed.  I could be wrong.   play it with friends, I think that might be where this game shines."
,Recommended,269770,17101697,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,WhamBamBigelow,"(TL;DR version at bottom)JUST BUY IT ALREADY, THIS GAME IS AMAZING IT'S LIKE... WHEN YOU ARE OPENING PRESENTS ON CHRISTMAS MORNING AND THE NIGHT BEFORE YOU IMAGINE EVERYTHING YOU WANT IN YOUR PRESENTS... yeah THAT'S THIS GAME! BUT LIKE CUBED 30 TIMES!cautions: GAME IS SO MUCH DAMN FUN, YOU MIGHT FORGET ABOUT LIFE OUTSIDE THE GAME!(your head may also explode with amazing/awesomeness)Only 1 con - I HAVE NO WAY OF THROWING MORE MONEY AT THIS GAME OUTSIDE OF THE DLC!!!Dear Developers: Kickstarter plz so I can throw like a whole months worth of wages at this.TL;DR? JUST DO IT!! JUST BUY THE GAME! DON'T LET YOUR GAMES STAY JUST NORMAL GAMES! YOU'RE GONNA GET TO A POINT WHERE OTHER PEOPLE QUIT (in arcade mode) AND YOU'RE NOT GONNA QUIT, YOU...WILL...KEEP...GOING! Yesterday you said ""Maybe tomorrow"" STOP MAKING EXCUSES, STOP GIVING UP! JUST BUY IT!"
76561198086513238,Recommended,269770,17132865,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheBoredKoala,"Wow. This game is incredible. It's amazing how a little pixelated game can be this great. I don't want to say to much about the game, but if you are wondering about if you should get this or not, I totally recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198061199276,Recommended,269770,17149080,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Führer Kunta,"Gameplay is smooth and fast, graphics are pretty and clean, tons of content even for beta, and great combat. Ok story but totally worth the buy."
76561198159624409,Recommended,269770,17200353,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kritfire,"Secrets of Grindea is Legend of Zeldas and Dragon Quests lovechild. It's easy to pick up, but hard to master. It makes grinding for items fun as the respawn rates are quick. This game is far from done, but with the amount of grinding for cards and hats ( Not to mention the amount of side quests, pets and other things) this game is definetly worth getting. The Devs are always updating it. Im currently 12 hours in on my first account, finshed the first beta stage of the story and I'm still finding things to do. (There is also a hard but rewarding arcade mode where you have to go through stages or floors battling enemies and bosses) The story is interesting and alot of it has yet to be revealed.If you have read this far, you are doing something wrong, you haven't brought the game!"
,Recommended,269770,17618972,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,TechnicMango,"This game is awesome. The art style is charming. The movement isn't clunky. Everything is pretty balanced so far. And while the story is...Ok, It's that, Ok. There are some funny moments and well, Serious moments. Heck, I actually got sad for a character that wasn't even in the game physically. But besides the point, It's a great game. There's even a rouge like arcade mode once you beat the game. This is my first review, Hope it helped!"
76561198016825941,Recommended,269770,18061786,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Metra,I was really stoked that we went into the flying temple first thing.Great level design and concepts. Really excited for the game to finish.
,Recommended,269770,17341095,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,What is a doujin?,"This game is still in development, it is not fully complete. BUT, from what you can play, there is easily 20+hours of gameplay. I'm about 60 percent done with things i can do and about 15 hours in. The gameplay was surprisingly good, there are MANY different talent/skill specs that you can do. The combat is well done and smooth, I had started with a fire mage skill spec and next character i will try a 2 handed skill spec. There is still plenty i can do and want to do. This is one of the best games ive played in a long time. Well worth the 15 dollars. Try the demo if you want, then you'll see for yourself how well made this game is."
76561198010341924,Recommended,269770,17046699,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,RottenCurry,"This game is beautiful. It's fun, like actually fun to play. The presentation is amazing. The menus work fluidly, the text looks perfect, there are tons of collectibles. Overall, the game is pretty great."
76561197965270023,Recommended,269770,17066592,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,_dave,"I'm just playing for 2 hours, still I can say it's one of the best game I played in a while.As the name ""Grindea"" already implies, the gameplay is kind of grindy, but in a very innovative way.Every monster you can find in the world of Grindea has a few possible drops, which can be gathered to craft new equipment or sold to make money and therefore buy new equipment. These drops are listed in some kind of codex but unless you find them, they are blackened out. Besides that there are also very rare cards which drop only once and improves your characters abilities permanently. These two features provide a lot of motivation randomly hunting monsters for their loot while following the main storyline on the side. It's almost a pokemon-like feeling where you try to complete your pokedex.As I said, I haven't played much, but till now the story is pretty basic stuff. Starting in a small village, doing a test to finally become whatsoever and heading out to great adventures. This is not necessarily a bad point, because you still keep track of the story, even if you skip some dialogues. The dialogues on the other side are quite funny and self-ironic. They make fun of some very stale RPG-cliches, like the bottomless bag of the game's main character.The main story holds up with some big boss battles, which are more or less challenging, depending on how much you grind on the side. If a boss can drop unique loot, the battle can also be repeated at any time. As far as I discovered, the game also provides some side-activities like fishing or treasure-hunting.The game's skill system allow to spend an active skillpoint in melee, magic or supportive and a passive skillpoint in general, melee or magic on each levelup. There are some skills that aren't implemented yet, because the game is still in early access. Nevertheless there are plenty available skills which can be combined freely. Every skill can be charged up to unleash a more powerful attack, which variates based on the amount of skillpoints put into a single skill. All in all the skill-system provides a wide range of different gaming-styles.Also, there is an arcade mode, where you have only one life to conquer a randomly generated world. Everytime you die, you start all over again in a newly generated world. But there are some unlockable permanent advantages.Summary: Buy the game! Also I'm sorry for possible language mistakes."
,Recommended,269770,17101478,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Fishyaboo,"Really charming game, love the game so far and will definetly play more of it as it updates. Definetly one to keep track of."
76561198019079792,Recommended,269770,17744210,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Neladus,Actually pulls off the SNES era look-and-feel really well. Arcade mode is a great new rendition of the Lufia 2 Ancient Cave. Also really enjoy the open skill system and customization. Great polish and tons of potential. Highly recommended.
76561198063512047,Recommended,269770,17289419,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Burning Pegasus,This is a great game to play with friends who are into it like you (The Person reading this)!
,Recommended,269770,17214085,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Brinonymous,"For an as-yet-to-be-finished product, this has to be some of the best $15 I have yet to spend. Let's highlight the biggest appeals:- Beautiful presentation- Excellent soundtrack, ambience, and sound effects- Zelda-like gameplay combined with all the right RPG elements- Reasonable crafting system- Fun skills to use and master in battle- Challenging boss battles- Pets!- Fishing! (And other mini-games)- Nod for humorOne of the biggest issues (if you can call it that) that I have come across thus far would be found in the dialogue (typos, grammar, etc.), but that is negligible and takes nothing away from the experience.Definitely anxious for this one to be 100%!"
,Recommended,269770,17964479,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,✖ Jerry,"Caught a tin can, wore it as a hat.Caught some chickens, wore a chicken as a hat.TF2 has some competition for best hat simulator. 10/10"
,Recommended,269770,17978306,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,< LordSupremePizza />,"Heard about this game from a friend, immediately wanted to buy it. Decided to wait, but that didn't last long. Bought it and put in ~5 hours in the first day. Very old school Zelda style action/adventure rpg. Has some puzzles and combat like Zelda, but you level up and use skill points like an aRPG (Diablo).Content is not finished, but I give the game 5 stars."
,Recommended,269770,18195560,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Frickface💜,"For being in only alpha, the game is already really well off and shows a lot of potential. I've done a brief solo run and am currently doing a run with a friend and it's really enjoyable. The abilities have good variety, nothing is particularly overpowered and there's a good amount of mechanics. So far there's a pretty nice variety in side quests, and nothing feels too tedious. My only issue would be how purposely dislikeable some characters are, though this is more of an annoyance than an issue with the game itself. I have really high hopes for this game, and I'm looking forward to continuing my playthroughs."
76561198106669111,Recommended,269770,18009085,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Average Weeaboo,"Played for 6 hrs and 14min strait, no food, no water, solo, and beat the campaign so far and did all the side quest and found all the secrets. (final objective: cards- estimated time: 10hrs)"
,Recommended,269770,17718558,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Megu,"""Cards are love, cards are life""I whisper to myself over and over as my sword decimates another Rabby easily.I have been doing nothing but killing Rabby and slimes. I lost count of how many I had slain after the first hundred.""Cards are love, cards are life""Despite having a lot of homework from class, I continue in the mindless task of slaying the Rabby.I haven't eaten at all today.""Cards are love, cards are life""My eyes begin to hurt from playing for too long. But I cannot stop until I have the card.""Cards are love, cards are life""I hear screams all around me. My vision slowly darkens, and all i can see is the screen, as I destroy another Rabby.""Cards are love, cards are life""I begin to get frustrated. Still no card, the greatest treasure of all. I want to stop but I cannot.""Cards are love, cards are life""The voices begin to chant.""Cards are love, cards are life""""Cards are love, cards are life""I cannot stop""Cards are love, cards are life""There is no escapeC̀҉̗̰̭͈̹a̴̡̙̳̩ŕ͙̩̗̕͘d͓̺̜̟s̢̖̰̤̩͔̳̠͖ ̦̺̪̦́͜a̗̼̱͖̙͟͠͝ṛ̢͎̖͝ẹ̲̻̣͇̘̕̕ ̢̛̺̹̤l͈͈̲̘͢͜o̳̣̣̤̗v̨̛̥̮e̵͇̺̹̘͡,̰̺͞ ͔̯̗͕ć͚̻͇a͕͡r̡̟̪̳̬͕͓̫̩̬͠͡ḑ̯̻̺͖͕ͅṣ̷̥̕ ͢͏̬͕̠̘͓̟͡a̡̘ṛ̶̶̨̮͎̹̳̗̥e̫̜̮̳̻ͅ ̱͕̤̯̫̬̩̻͡l̘͎̞̪͠͡i҉̭̣̗̺̪̺̻f̰̪̻̞̹͉͙̮̕e̷͚""͙̯͍͎̰̮̕͜͝The chanting of the voices becomes louder.C̸͓̟̱̮̩̗̰̟̻̝͢͞a҉̧̢̟̠̙̩͕̞͈̥̺̝͓̗̰̠̪͠͠ŕ̵̷̮̻̠͕͙d̡̰̟͖̱͎̘̙̺̘̪̹͉̗̹̼͜ͅs̨̰̪̝̰̙͈͖̳͓̤̀͠ ̵̸̨͍͔͈̱̗̦̭̱͝ą̴̣͇̮̼͈̬̼̹̫̝̦͕̥̖̲ͅr͜҉̡̤͉̺̱͓͇͎̗͘ͅe̸̡̺̣̱͔̦ ̴̨̝͖̺̺̩͚͚̱͔̭̤̰̥͕̥͖͡ͅl̷̡͉̭͚̞̝͙̝̣̳̳̳̗̘͎̫̲͕̕͟ͅo͏̡̨͖͎̱̗͔̠͇͎̠̖̹̫͚͘͢v̷̧͉͉͔̳̜͎͕͖̻̱̝͔̼͞͡ͅͅe͘͏̱̤̬̩̰̖͚̠̀͟,̵̵̩̦͍͖̜̱͘ ̸̛҉̶̨̺̺͙͚͍̜̞̟̻̮̰̮c̀͏̶̬̟͖̥̪̳͍̯a̴̷͈̦̬̝͎͎̳̼͝͝r̷̩̼͓̤̩̦̗̻̖͈̗͖͇͓̦̙̟̀͟ḑ̮͓̦̥̼̙̮̞̳͟͝ś̷̤͎̺̟̯͔͓̬̭̳͕͍͔̯̞̼͖̫ͅ ̨̞͓̠̝̟̮̟̞̙̭̙͍̮̟̙́a̵̷̢͙̭͈̼͘r̴̨̹͖̱͎̪͚̥̯̲̤͙̠̬͕͓̳ȩ̷̨̯̺͕̺̻̗̼̬͖̬͖̟̲͉́͠ ̢҉͓̹̰̹̻̣̯̤̦̦̰͍͕l̴̵̢͔͖̯͚͙͓̟͘ͅi͢͡҉͍̥̪͎̙͇̖̰̣́f̷̨̢̠̟͚̹̮͙̩̥̺̦͉̩̲̰̺͈̘͎e̸͈͍͉̹͖͖͔̬̩͈͘͜͝ͅ""̛̰̺̱̥͔̫͎̻̞̫͖̖̤̺̳͇̬ͅͅThere is nothing, only the next Rabby to be slain. Nothing else matters.""Cards are love, cards are life"""
,Recommended,269770,17748999,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Quenster06,A great game worth getting! Can't wait for the next storyline release!
,Recommended,269770,18026342,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,poopoo,"If you like: The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Final Fantasy (Any), or Chrono Trigger... You will LOVE this game. I've been losing hope in new and upcoming games lately, but purchasing this game is more than worth it. I would have paid twice as much to own this work of art... AND ITS NOT EVEN FINISHED! Me and my brother played this game for about 7 hours straight when we bought it... (and we really don't have that kinda time anymore..) Needless to say, I will be on the edge of my seat each and every time they patch or update this game.This has all the RPG elements you could want. The real-time battle system is amazing. The skill trees and talent trees are superb. I love how the games characters take the time to make fun of itself. It's a serious game that doens't take itself too seriously (does that make sense?). I LOL at the dialogue often and actually want to see what each NPC has to say.The quests are fun and simple, but some are actually challenged for even a season RPG player to figure out.You will not regret spending a penny on this game! I promise you that.Enjoy.P.S to the developers - You guys rock... thank you SO much.. I've been waiting for a game that rivals The Legens of Zelda: A Link to the Past for so long... and yes I did just compare the two... I know what I said."
76561198095512150,Recommended,269770,18126944,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Bushdakta,"Playing this game took me straight back to everything I loved about gaming as a youngster. Witty dialogue and naming, I think it is visually appealing, solid skill tree system, solid combat system (some experimenting is needed with your skills! Don't be lazy!) Grinding doesn't seem tedious to me. The puzzles are engaging and very different from a lot of the games that come out now where everything is spoonfed to you. So far I've been playing solo and it is fantastic, I can only imagine what the co-op can give.If you like RPG's then you are going to LOVE this game. You can tell almost every corner of each stage was given attention by the developers. If at this point in its development so much went in to the game and you can get so much out of it, imagine when it is completed.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!"
,Recommended,269770,18127193,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Inevitabl,"Pleasantly surprised would be an understatement for this game.  It has the feel of the old SNES era, with throwbacks abound. It's clean, crisp, funny and challenging as well!While still in early access, arcade mode offers a ton of replayability, and with quite a few save slots, you're not going to be short of trying different paths for characters early on in the story either (Not that you have to have more than one!).I'm loving it and I'm very excited to enjoy the whole thing as it's made and once it's done as well!"
,Recommended,269770,17744374,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Skruffiweezil,"In its current state, Secrets of Grindea is an extremely entertaining RPG. No class restrictions allows for a ton of replayability and experimentation. The story available seems short, but there are enough side quests and activities to keep you engaged for quite some time. I look forward to the completion of this game. Arcade mode is a most infuriating and fun section that keeps my low skill level hungry to perform better.Without the game being finished, please take the short available story as just an observation. Once complete, I will edit my review as needed."
76561198095717357,Recommended,269770,17958371,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ritjos71,"High quality action rpg fun with a lot of nostalgia tossed in aswell. There really isn't enough I can say about this game, the multiplayer is crafted perfectly, with drop in/out features enemy difficulty increasing with each additional player not just increases in attributes but additional skills for bosses etc.Very indepth character leveling, allows you to create and mold your hero as you please, so you can find your perfect build. The story mode is probably about 50 percent complete, by the time i reached the end i was really yearning for more. There are tons of collectibles and several mini games including pets. Perfect game for the kind of person that loves additional content after the story, especially those who enjoy some grinding.For those tired of playing in the story, there is a very well crafted arcade mode that is of course also multiplayer and has almost infinite replayability.The real seller with this game though is the combat, which takes you back to old school SNES 2D top-down games like Link to the past and Secrets of Mana, but it is so much more then that. Once you find a build you enjoy whether you're just sitting back grinding enemies or facing the highest difficulty challenges, time just flies by.As you can tell I highly recommend this game. There is a demo available which definitely gives you enough of a taste of the game to understand my high praise."
,Recommended,269770,33918334,Posted: 30 July,all,SillyandStrange,"This game is amazing.  Secrets of Mana, Legend of Zelda, so many throwbacks to older games and such a fluid game itself.The music is amazingm, the gameplay is epic, there is fishing!  So many things to do, and the story is pretty nice also.I can't wait to see what they add in the future!"
76561198037680270,Recommended,269770,30855280,Posted: 31 March,all,Gixkung,"Good game, Really fun with friend."
,Recommended,269770,26496630,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[UPV] Zenpei,"TL;DR: Great game but slow progress. Recommended but see this as an investment, not a direct consumption item.For a game that has been an on going project for this many years there are certain expacations to be made. However seeing it being an early access game made by a very small team some criticisim can be made and some can't. But that's the point of reviewing. You give critique so the creator can be better. The beauty for us gamers is that developers are like wine or whiskey. They are either good and becomes better, they are good but falls hard due to arrogance and godlike complex or they never were good to begin with. The devs of SoG are hopefully the first type.Now enough of that and unto the game.The graphics are smooth and fantastic, for being 2D Spirites. That is however nothing bad as they simply tap into a bit of retro or nostalgia, depending on your age. For reference it's nostalgia for me. As I started this game it felt like playing a new Zelda game. A World to explore and you as the hero. The graphics help this mindset as you travel across the land and my god is the scenery gorgeues. Even with the limited graphics of 2D spirites they make everything flow smoothly and with an almost seamless action. The particles created by the various spells and skills as well as the various stages of boss fights make this game very good. During the harder difficult I died once due to the fact that I stopped and had to process I went from a Zelda-esque game to a Touhou level bullet hell. It was beautifulThe sound and music of the game aids the nostalgic/retro feeling and the sound effects made when you cast a spell or use a skill is quite satisfying. There is no lack of audio feedback on what's going on in this game. You will know when the enemy is about to charge you or a boss is starting a massive barrage of onslought. The feedback you get as a player in this game becomes even more valuable as you play on the harder difficulty when the bosses can go from ""oh look a large quantity of bullets"" to ""This went from casual to hardcore bullet hell real fast....""As for the gameplay and it's mechanics I'm happy to say that it all feels fantastic. The controls respond as expected and the game runs smoothly. It lacks any need to have a beast of a machine. This is a game I have played during lunch hours on my work and those machines could be from last decade. The mechanics are well thought and well implemented into this game. It's easy to plan ahead on how you want to combat an enemy or a boss as the various types of attacks have easy and memroable patterns to learn. The fact that you also can easily switch mid-game on how you want to play makes it a nice setup for various combinations of attacks. It does however cost some money but it's worth it if you want to experiment.The game truly makes a good claim on old grinding games. It will become a massive grindfeast if you want to. I spent a good 10+ hours farming for various cards in the game, they are used to get passive boosts. The various mechanics in how you grind with combat can go from boring to a meditative set of moves. If you enjoy grinding that is.Overall the game works so good I really WANT the developers to finish the game but as I mentioned earlier in my TL;DR. This is to be the equivelent of a stock market investment. It may or may not yield profit in the end. Only time will tell. So far however, I've earned back my money spent in hours so for me this game was quite a good ""bang for the buck"" deal."
,Recommended,269770,17244188,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,DeliciousPies,"This game is win. Buy it before it becomes expensive af. As an avid game ""tester"" I can say a lot of newgen games I've tried actually suck a$$ compared to Secrets of Grindea."
76561198037886234,Not Recommended,269770,23191898,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Roland of Gilead,"Can not recommend considering how much content is released incrementally every few months, which is to say, 10-15 minutes of actual gameplay. The unique Physical/Magic hybrid doesnt really have a niche because you have to min/max your atk/spell power if you want to actually kill some of the bosses since there is no healing during.In my opinion, the combat is unique and challenging but sometimes 'clunky'. overrall a great game but at this rate I'd wager it will take a couple years for it to be fully releasedAs is, if you have a few friends who all want to buy it and play the available content start to finish, you might get 10 hours out of it if you're really intricate."
76561198242762528,Recommended,269770,33530262,Posted: 14 July,all,meddlingcactus,"Love this game.  While grind might be in the name, you really don't have to grind in order to advance.  If you're the kind of person who likes to grind then go ahead, but I didn't and still got through the game just fine, and even grinded after I got to the end of the beta to get some items just for fun.  Also a lot of the negative reviews for this game are for the game taking a long time to come out.  Which is true.  If you only want to play a full game, then it will take a while to come out.  If you're just wanting to have a good time for a while with some hard bosses, 4th wall breaking humor, and fantastic pixel art then I fully recommend this game."
76561198004302184,Recommended,269770,17145098,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Micritic,"First of all: it's a good game.If you first choose to play the demo and buy the game afterwards, you may keep the demochar.Grindea is really addicting and reminds me strongly of ""Secret of Mana"", ""Zelda"", and ""Breath of Fire"".It's definitly a mix of this games.Contra:- little bit childish design but therefore very detailedPro:- tons of loot- skill diversity- craftables- special missions- ingame games- arcade mode- coop mode- well balanced difficultyso far..."
,Recommended,269770,17418945,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kitten Chaingun,"It's like Secret of Mana online. There's still a ton of content pending, but there is a lot to collect and explore and the art and animations are beautiful. The combat is really fun and the skill trees are very interesting. The cooperative gameplay is really smooth, with drop in, drop out working seamlessly.The developers are very active and post weekly on their page about progress. Patches come at a respectable pace, with new content and bug fixes."
,Recommended,269770,17382231,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Jakasmo ᕦʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔᕤ,AMAZING !!! I didn't have fun grinding and farming stuff from a long time. I cannot wait to see it finish.Just like old school RPG.You have to try it.
76561198012530548,Recommended,269770,17037084,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,McGee,"Absolute fantastic and beautiful game. I was bored and just bought it to pass some time and wow i'm addicted. This game brings back childhood memories of SNES gaming like Secret of Mana, Zelda and other good old RPGs.It's still in early access, but it makes so much fun. I played it for 6 hours straight and until now there is nothing i would complain about.I just can't wait for updates on the game."
76561198241558372,Recommended,269770,20758990,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Frostiing,You can fish!
,Recommended,269770,24284752,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ricefarmer No.1,"Good game, but can be hard at times."
76561198067731789,Recommended,269770,33697710,Posted: 21 July,all,TeeKay,"I've been trying to get past the giga slime boss for an hour now and I still can't defeat it. It's only the second boss yet I'm finding it impossible to beat! Apart from that, I'm loving the game so far. I just think this boss needs some adjustments."
,Recommended,269770,20004407,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,wug weh,"Can't say I love the faces but I love everything else about the game.Especially what they did with the weapons. Like, there's a really distinct way to use the short weapons and the 2h weapons, you can't really just spam them, and the bow actually feels like it's useful rather than being a lame alternative to magic. It's a machinegun."
,Recommended,269770,19546450,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Harry Botter,This is possibly the best Pixel Art game i have ever played. 10/10
76561198152213510,Recommended,269770,23598217,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,blue.squirtle3,this is a good game i love it
,Recommended,269770,26038788,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,down with mao,good game.also development is waaaaaaaaaaay too slow.
,Recommended,269770,26138224,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Emu,"Its a game that can run on my computer, so its good"
76561198172161121,Recommended,269770,30722516,Posted: 25 March,all,Big Daddy,good game but ends bad only story if game was free i whould have liked it better(make the game fully {@Redman_10t)
76561198032538667,Not Recommended,269770,22474982,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ButterLump,"Started playing this game with a friend a year after he first played. I expected atleast a modest amount of content. But what we got was a unfinished zone a few more craftables and a persistent lack of trading.This game is a lot of fun, has a lot of potential (even though the story and dialogue is ""so so"" every now and then. BUT, it is not worth buying yet. Maybe in 5 or 10 years. Considering the content they provided in a full year."
,Recommended,269770,17075372,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Legacy3D,Do you like Chrono Trigger?Do you like Secrets of Mana?Do you like Internet?If you answered yes to any of those than you must buy this! :D!
,Recommended,269770,35429110,Posted: 2 October,all,Chibz 🐾,"It is >okay<. I can't say it's bad, cuz it clearly isn't.But I am really afraid that the Game will ever make it outside of Early Access.It has it's Flaws, but it has a great Idea behind it.For now it's a refund Item, cuz I can't enjoy the Game as much as I want to in it's current State but I'll sure give it another shot once it's finished. Looking forward to it."
76561198050171441,Recommended,269770,19727918,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,zakariasan2,It's better than wanderlust
,Recommended,269770,23323961,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Jacket,Awesome game.
,Not Recommended,269770,17118414,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,THRILLHOUSE,"edit: editing this review because the fanbase of this game seriously cannot handle anything that isn't blatantly positive.I don't recommend this game. I played it during EA, my initial reactions to it were lukewarm and it didn't feel worth the money. I have played the game since and it STILL didn't feel worth the money. That's all you're going to get.What's important to note here is that I had a pretty in-depth review about this game, that could have informed consumers before purchase, and now I don't. Now it's just  a thumbs down because the community around this game are irritating and I feel that offering any kind of information about it, is supporting it in some kind of way. Every time I logged into steam and saw a message notification, it was about this game - someone whining about how I didn't review it right, or I just ""suck"" at it, or - my favourite - am somehow obligated to continuously update a review on a game I do not play anymore.So yeah, don't buy it because I don't like it because reasons."
76561198069989159,Not Recommended,269770,30347678,Posted: 5 March,all,Fartoo,"I'll praise this game to high heaven when it's finished.  Until then it's getting a downvote for lack of updates or content.  Once a month ""Blog"" posts don't count either."
76561198089347089,Not Recommended,269770,26538140,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nodnyl,This is a good game but I would advise others not to buy it until it's finished.Seems like it's abandoned by the devs now that they have our money. it took them 4 months for a minor update. (I hope i'm wrong and they start to update more often).Until they start updating the game I would not recommend this game.
76561198127528384,Recommended,269770,22770808,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Devil's Avocado,This is a good game
,Recommended,269770,30274604,Posted: 2 March,all,xPeke.Gillette,Just love this game <3
,Recommended,269770,20838028,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,simplyalexx,"Love this game lots, me and my bae play it together and we think its cute and have fun times, you feel? The arcade mode is challenging but it's all good, we do it together cos we goals. <3Overall it is 9/10 game, could have bunny costume for 10/10 pls.xoxo"
,Recommended,269770,28674927,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jim Bob,One of my favourite games of all time and it's storyline isn't even fully developed yet :)(I've never written a review on steam before to my memory but this game genuinely deserves it)
76561198122068343,Not Recommended,269770,24416303,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Xephox Epoch,"Until this game gets some bug fixes, it will remain at a negative review from me. The bugs aren't major but the hitboxes are weird and your character occassionally refuses to block or swing and your attacks can go through enemies or spells can hit them but they are unnaffected by it. The game overall is alright but i do not reccomend buying it unless you plan to play with friends or until the game is patched"
76561198128646757,Recommended,269770,17085265,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Valryia,"You love 2D, a little bit of grind (...duh), and most importantly, fluid controls ?Fishing, some blockpuzzles, many skills you can specialise in - and more to add - and finally a good chunk of self awareness are all included into the package.As for difficulty, it is above average - no healing besides uncommon heal orbs by mobs. Bosses? No healing whatsoever. While we are speaking about bosses, they are well made and complex - some bullet hell is thrown in, too."
,Recommended,269770,25815434,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Schw1ckle,This game is just fantastic
,Recommended,269770,25397784,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cheerilee,Started attacking Chickens forgot what game was i was playing thought the chickens would sworm me like in Zelda 10/10
,Recommended,269770,30408925,Posted: 9 March,all,danmerey,"It's ok. Not hilarious or something like that, but worth a try. Played singleplayer (maybe co-op is way more better).Here's my stream records though (in Russian)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggfgW4WxAqA&index=4&list=PLqzRm8P1bGocZ_CEEyTbr6qp9zPHDHuQU"
,Recommended,269770,17347301,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Seth,"This game has been so much fun! I would highly recommend this game to anyone, just give it a try. If you don't like it, okay, your wallet wont take a huge hit."
,Recommended,269770,34049289,Posted: 5 August,all,Selphie,Me and my boyfriend played through this together on the story mode and loved it <3 we look forward to more story content coming in the future ^_^
76561198079762356,Recommended,269770,17403447,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ShadowTheHedgehog,THIS GAME IS SO MUCH NOSTALGIA! OMG YES!
76561198079457793,Recommended,269770,17377487,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JocularMonkey,"'Puts carrots on a tree stump''Rare bunny comes out''Kills bunny''Gets a carrot sword and uses it for the rest of the game'""Secrets of Grindea"" is an amazing little rpg. You have a ton of side quests. You can craft your own items. You can fish. You can kill pumpkins and you get a sweet♥♥♥♥♥carrot sword. Seriously this game is pretty dank. I've spent 11+ hours in this and im not even close to done. Developers are still updating will new areas, temples, and other cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy this game if you're looking for a cool rpg. It also has a dungeon minigame type thing. It has different levels, you get loot, there is puzzle rooms, and you level up.  (͠≖ ͜ʖ͠≖)👌 <""pretty dope"">"
,Recommended,269770,17429892,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Business-Cat,very fun
,Recommended,269770,33439629,Posted: 10 July,all,Dankler,Meme
76561198130505674,Recommended,269770,33143332,Posted: 2 July,all,Burg,Im reviewing this game for a quest
,Recommended,269770,22346807,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,JustForKicks96,Yee
,Recommended,269770,20861158,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dark Raccoon,GRINDEA!~
76561198279112118,Recommended,269770,25988712,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Fujti,evrything
,Recommended,269770,30863570,Posted: 31 March,all,TheGreatFWT,"A nice game, but is still in early access. Classic rpg games with some simple play style, great."
,Recommended,269770,17089046,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,PitaBread,You can have two summons out at once.Need I say more?
76561198244460808,Recommended,269770,20709934,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,BiggieBear,Game can be annoying and aggravating at times but worth a play through
76561198046624064,Recommended,269770,21194096,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Zylch,"While this game is still a work in progress, for what i have been able to do, this game is epic :DDialogue-ish stuffit has comedy, and stuff that makes sense. +9/10some comedy get's repeated too much, ie bag and fairy talking -2/10gameplaysince this game is a work in progress, im surprised how well it works. Boss battles were fun, just the right difficulty (my opinion, don't judge me XD) , which is when you die like, 3 times and then you beat the boss, or you farm for EXP (or grind) , and i love how they give you side quests to make it less linear! +10/10some quests are very repetitive, but theres not much to vary that kind of thing. -2/10graphics and art stuffah yes, an RPG adventure game. I personally think they should always be detailed, but cartoon-like or pixel-ish, and that's what we got. +8/10sadly though, lots of games accomplish this but it takes a lot of work to do art -1/10storya treasure hunter being his dad and wanting to be like him? ok story +7/10not too original -2/10varietytwo game modes!!! arcade and story! in arcade you basically have to go through a bunch of floors and kill monsters, and you can expand your home area to get really cool features! in story, it's... a story. fighting, questing, buying, and rage await! 10/10i do not have a problem -0/10awards-great for steam early access +8/100-solid, fun game for a affordable price +5/10087/100so buy it now!!!! or not... (cries in the corner of the room) XDretail: $15"
,Recommended,269770,17821021,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,☪ P E B I S ☪,Secret of Golden Trigger: Link to the Sentinals of the Starry Skies10/10
,Recommended,269770,30386085,Posted: 7 March,all,Arathag,Really enjoying this game!! Can't wait until the next update!
,Recommended,269770,29577527,Posted: 29 January,all,NerdPaco,"Hell yeah, Like legend of zelda with a class element. Best with 3 other friends. Awesome game, just wish it would update a little more often."
76561198094526565,Recommended,269770,25010418,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,king3985,"Secrets of Grindea, OH......MY.....GOD! I hate this game and I love this game, I hate that you don't regenrate helath or that I die way too much (potions or no potions) but I love when you destroy that same enemy who kept killing you over and over again. I'd say it reminds me of Dark souls if Dark Souls went retro. This game will make you rage ALOT, especially if you don't know what you're doing since as of right now it doesn't have a very good tutorial. I really hope this game gets finished and doesn't fall under the ""Early Access Game"" curse because this game is pure gold."
76561197999704855,Recommended,269770,18178269,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Oggy Sexbang,Do you like the oldschool Zelda game to SuperNintedo? Or perhaps some other oldschool game? Then this game is for you! The best part is that you can play this with three of your friends (Y) Thumbs up (Y) (Y)Ps: The boss fights are awzome!
,Recommended,269770,18103506,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Weaponized_Autism,Love it!!1!1one!1
76561198105852147,Recommended,269770,24550158,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Piuuf [ReRe],"WARNING : BETA PHASE GAMEWell, for some, it's hard to say if a game is good, even when it's not fully finished.Then I say that, when we're talking about this game, we may say it's a good game.Quite hard difficulty, filled with references to others universe, a Zelda-Ish for some aspect of the game.Wonderfull graphics. The best part of the game for graphism is the Dungeon of Seassonne.I do recommend this game"
,Recommended,269770,23657319,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,RogueG33k,Spent more time in Arcade Mode since Story Mode is still in development but what is available in story mode is amazing.
,Recommended,269770,24544498,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ｗｉｚａｒｄ Ｂｏｉ,"Over all great game. I wish it had more to do, but still the devs did an awesome job"
76561198276496432,Recommended,269770,20977935,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,YourLongLostLungs,awesome
76561198136179692,Recommended,269770,29127494,Posted: 8 January,all,dreshys,Great Game 10/10
,Recommended,269770,23080020,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,RainZ,This game has been amazing! I stopped playing around the festival part so I know more content has been released since then. I spent most of my time collecting and grinding away to 100% what was available at the time; also playing with friends and trying out new builds. Cant wait to hop back in and see what has been added!
,Recommended,269770,26544077,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rosy,Very nice game!
76561198021794395,Recommended,269770,18623237,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Furry,"Excellent action rpg. Like a cross between Ys and Zelda. Very good gameplay 10/10. The combat mechanics are very well thought out, many enemies cooperate and you have to plan your attacks accordingly. Bosses will make your heart race, some of them reminds a bit of bullet hell shooters. Animations are very nicely done, music is good. Story seems pretty standard for this kind of game so far, not exactly Chrono Trigger level, but its engaging enough to want to know what happens next and theres lots of funny moments. Theres a simple fishing minigame, mainly for providing food to your pets, who gives different permanent buffs depending on what you feed them, and some not so hard puzzles.I dunno how much of the game (story mode) is finished atm, mabye 1/4? (hope its less :p ) The content that is in the game seems 100% done and everything is working great, very polished, unlike most early access games... Didnt notice any bugs. As of now theres about 10-12 hours worth of the main game (mabye a bit less if you play on normal and just blaze through) + xx hours of arcade mode, wich is a sort of semi random series of ""rooms"" where you try to get as far as possible before you die while building up your character on the way, and get your high score in the global ranking, great fun. Havent tried it in co-op mode yet so cant comment on that.I can confidently recomend this to anyone, any age, who likes this sort of game. Its a good challenge on hard. Again, the combat gameplay is great, you have to time it right and use the shield, reflect projectiles and know when to go all out and when to hold back. Truly a gem in the making."
,Recommended,269770,24317332,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,mcfrostbite,It's like Oracle of Time/Season with a bag that insults you when you die.
,Recommended,269770,18620810,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lensser,Great game
,Recommended,269770,18485279,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Pinhak,"OMFG!!! THIS GAME IS ALMOST PERFECT!! THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT THEY MADE 33% OF STORY MODE UNTIL NOW! BUT ALREADY WORTH R$28,00!!!"
76561197986748757,Recommended,269770,19445425,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lucien,"I agree with many other reviewers beneath me in that Grindea is an engaging, bugless and smooth rpg that has a definite MMORPG feel with the optional rare items farming that I find incredibly relaxing.Pros -*Excellent 2-D graphics without being pixelated as seems to be the norm lately.*Responsive easy to learn controls that forgive mistakes but only to a point.*Crafting system makes even weak monsters seem worth killing.*Boss fights are genuinely epic and satisfying.Cons -*Crafting system starts out promising but the lack of items to make in later levels makes it feel gimmicky instead.*Lack of weapons in general makes battles feel too repetitive after awhile.*Replay value somewhat hindered in storymode by the increasing costs of changing your talent points, sometimes requiring 30 minutes to an hour of farming to try something new.All in all I'd say for an early access game this is terrific and if the developers could fix the above issues and perhaps double what is already in the beginning stages...It would be a good I would be willing to pay 40+ dollars for. It feels like an offline MMORPG with Zelda-esque vibes. Great game for relaxing and listening to tunes. I pray it gets better from here."
,Recommended,269770,21368328,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DynamiC,THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD
76561198055680318,Recommended,269770,22230046,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CanadianSportsCenter,"Bought this game on a whim and I really glad I did.  Has some of the best elements from the old adventure rpg games from the past.  I reminds me heavily of the old SNES Link to the Past meets Secret of Mana.  Gives you the ability to chose your skill pattern as well as giving the option to repsec using ore.  I bougth this game today I a managed to squeeze in a little over an hour into.  The controls are really smooth and its really easy to go back and forth between skills.  I have not joined a Co-Op game yet, but I think the single player mode is fun in itself.  I would recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of classic feel adventure RPGs of the past.  The only negatives I would say is some of the names of the characters you run into.  Could use some work there but that's only me trying to find one this wrong with this game.  Really good game.  Looking forward to put some more hours into it."
,Recommended,269770,24150384,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Shaunamo,"A very fun old school style RPG, this game kind of reminds me of secret of mana, or secret of evermore, with great puzzles and gameplay. Love the game, can't wait for it to be complete, definitly recommend playing it with some friends!"
,Recommended,269770,28396444,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Vodka is Water,I only play this game when Quinn makes me
,Recommended,269770,22346790,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Feefa Kha'habibi,is like zelda but you can make your cahractor black
76561198331806006,Recommended,269770,25573122,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,asdec,This game is very good. Good content.
76561198025835279,Recommended,269770,31677870,Posted: 10 May,all,Eloar,A truly amazing experience. Buy it.
,Recommended,269770,22012652,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Refresh,Very good indeed
,Recommended,269770,23693048,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Reyjakai,"I'm not sure it'll ever get out of Early Access, but the game is still super fun to play with a few friends."
76561197973827678,Recommended,269770,32952566,Posted: 28 June,all,blackdev,I rely like this game!It do remind me a lot of Zelda a link to the past.also want to say that the keys on the controller is rely nice refreshment that I have not seen in this type of game and I dont understand why they dont do more often.Note to developers: I hope you enjoyed your coffe ^^
76561198278723138,Recommended,269770,32959790,Posted: 28 June,all,phxhunter,"Fun game worth the time, amazing story. Keep up the good work, im expecting great things out of this game"
76561198076531842,Recommended,269770,33043909,Posted: 30 June,all,DannyBoi,BEST GAME EVER TO BE MADE PLEASE LORD HAVE MERCY ON OUR SOUL
,Recommended,269770,33313190,Posted: 6 July,all,私は日本語じゃない,"Extrremely fun gameI don't like grinding games at all but if it's like Grindea I would take iteven though its not fully finished, it's a game i would recommend to allI am really excited for the full game and you should be too :P"
,Recommended,269770,19070813,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,SPUD87,"Very addictive, works well, looking forward to more bing added. the multiplayer is exactly what i wanted like a secrets of mana. I will warn anyone that reads this it is very addicive so say goodbye to many hours of your other gaming time."
,Recommended,269770,22488673,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PhilipPino,"very good new ""oldschool"" game!its like Zelda witch much more and multiplayer!"
76561198110532902,Recommended,269770,17105781,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,CoolThulu,okay secrets of grindea is a great game for the content that is in already and more to come plus an arena mode that works like a rogue like with progression but the story is also really fun in the game you basicly play as a young collector who just passed a test and now you go out on adventure collecting stuff and fighting bosses the gameplay is that you have a shield and sword and skills you can use to attack and the shield to block if you bllock at the last second with your shield than your shield takes less damage and their attack gets canceled it is a cool mechanic there are no healng items but if you die you can respawn in the same room making it challenging and fun without having to do stuff all over again the puzzles are fun because at first they are confussing but if you figure it is sadisfieing and the bosses are amazing most of them are hard but than you feel even better when you beet them also you have classes so you can be a mage a one hand swords man or a two and swordsman giving you choice so this game gets a 9/10 would totaly play again
,Recommended,269770,17107949,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Kazul,This game is amazing. Great job and I hope more games like this come out. Been looking for this kind of game for years. Finally.
76561198074718276,Recommended,269770,17113723,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Moosesrcool,awesome
76561198073400700,Recommended,269770,17150338,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Huey Long,"For an early access game this game exels at what it's trying to do. What it currently lacks in story content it makes up for in tons of collectables and its Rougue Lite ""Arcade Mode"""
,Recommended,269770,17199527,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,kroM,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,269770,17273382,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bledixon 路西弗,"If you are down, play this game, the artstyle is just amazing <3Nostalgic is strong with this one!"
,Recommended,269770,17276116,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Valthroc,Buy now before he realises that 15$ for this fun of a game is to little.
76561198076674612,Recommended,269770,17340524,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dum,"So far, so good. I like the fighting, storyline, itemisation, item creation and monster variety, making for a solid RPG. I can't wait until the game is finally finished! 7/10, I'd give it more if the game was finished by the time I started playing."
76561198027478850,Recommended,269770,17686708,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ferrous Oxide,"This game is incredible, it plays like Zelda a link between worlds, but has all the RPG aspects of a classic RPG.The animation is very smooth and combat feels good, the puzzles arent hard, but they are engaging and combat is the same way."
,Recommended,269770,17689100,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Slinky,I am not much of a gamer but I really love this game and am getting into it
76561198021829666,Recommended,269770,17701640,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,NinjaLlama4,Secrets of Grindea is a charming ARPG with a nice animated art style.  The combat is fun and the skill system is open ended.  I would recommend this game at this point (08-24-2015) and hope that it continues to improve as it goes through early access.
76561198125760743,Recommended,269770,17713078,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,The Red Apple,"This game is good, it's nowhere near finished and a lot of things could be improved but yes, it is good.Pros:It looks great, very colourfulFluid animation, lovely to look atRobust crafting systemDiverse enemies & skillsCons:Very short, but that probably will be fixedOdd looking charactersNo way to change key bindingsUnfamiliar controls"
,Recommended,269770,17239238,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,NoSaveData,"Initial Review:This game reminds me of the snes rpgs but brings new mechanics to the forefront.  Its as many people have said about it early access however the devs been working on this game for 4 years from what people are saying in the forums and it shows through the quality of the game.Story mode from what I gather is still lacking about 6 hours in total however it only intends to get better :) and longer as they add more stuff in. as the development progresses I can only see the game getting better.Arcade mode satisfies my rogue dungeon crawling needs as you have 1 life to get through as far as you can get which is a good time killer if no time for story mode.Overall the game is very polished and I am glad to play this game as early as I did hope it gets only better :), because this game shows that the dev is very knowledgeable and very concern with quality."
,Recommended,269770,17253469,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,chrondairious,loving this game but need some friends to play with me on some bosses
76561197978254494,Recommended,269770,17259241,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,F4cili7ator,Awesome game. Like all those old school games you love. Must play.
76561198013652460,Recommended,269770,17272979,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Asian,BUY IT SO THEY CAN HAVE MORE QUESTS PLEASE
76561198106106372,Recommended,269770,17343955,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Speak of the Nevel,Great game
,Recommended,269770,17459015,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Got Milk ?,The Devs doesn't run away with money.Do I have to say anything else?
76561198019742740,Recommended,269770,17682284,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Thunder_3k,"Just made it through the story missions available, as well as a few side things. Gotta say this is really good. I dont usually buy into early access, But this shows a lot of potential. Solid music, good combat, and some pretty good humor make this a great time, and really makes me eager for future updates. There really isnt much to complain about here, but there are a few nitpicks. I noticed a few typos, picking up health orbs is a little annoying (as you need to stand right on top of them to collect them), some of the bosses need a bit of tweaking, and some of the characters artwork could be touched up a bit, maybe smoothed out a bit and varying the facial features, as many characters look similar. None of those nitpicks really take away from what you get here though, a fantastic look into what I hope will be an amazing finished product. If you're into games like the zelda series then this is a great pick for you. Thanks to the developers, you guys are doing a great job."
,Recommended,269770,17684260,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,xxMog,"Honestly, every second i've played of this game just brings back memories of playing Zelda, or older Final Fantasy games.So fun, and the art style is refreshing.Such, a great game honestly i would recommend this game to any JRPG fan, great multiplayer support.****/*****and its early acces! so, it can only get better from here :)"
76561198123633378,Recommended,269770,17707307,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,bananamanhi,this game is ucking awsume♥♥♥♥ yaaaaaa
,Recommended,269770,17712114,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,TheGirlArtist,"Though in early access, this game is super entertaining. It brings back the feel of classic games like The Legend of Zelda, but with the added bonus of your friends tagging along. The story is fun, light, and there are many classic throwbacks that gamers will smile at as they play. Definitely worth investing in to help progress it to completion.Some more good things; there are a lot of reasons to continually fight spawning monsters, which makes farming experience worth it. From collecting new items, which help to craft better armor and weapons, to making the money, to just gathering xp to expand your skills. (Which there are many of.)The only downside I and my friend have found, is the magic abilities aren't as useful as the melee abilities. We both wanted to utilize the magic skills but we quickly realized just using our swords was easier and much much faster.This game is in development so I hope to see some changes to the magic abilities down the road."
76561197966341383,Recommended,269770,17780172,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Impotus,I wish it had local multiplayer
76561198142299264,Recommended,269770,17884193,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Discombobulated36,thanks to the power of youtube i saw a small bit of the game played and chose to buy it and well........................................................................................... ITS GREAT i love all of it from the humor to the combat i just cant wait to see what this game becomes in the end and im glad to be part of the beta
76561198042962711,Recommended,269770,17127744,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TTumMM,"Such a throw back. Great animation , great gameplay."
,Recommended,269770,17156795,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Leif,"Amazing game, I've only played around 2 hours but it's probably the best Early access game ever.Pros:- Amazing graphics- Perfect animations- Great combat, it plays like Secret of mana- A lot of skills to choose from- A few puzzles, that are not too hard but make you think a little- Fishing- Taming pets- CoopCons:- Early access, the campaign is not complete yet"
,Recommended,269770,17718227,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Shadow,"Incredibly well made game, i would absolutely recommend it. I was sad to see the story mode end (it isn't completed at time of writing), but i dove into the arcade mode after and it is very addictive. What a great mix of the old and the new."
,Recommended,269770,17811146,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,*OCB* moomin,Anyone who's a fan of the old Zelda games will enjoy playing this.
76561198017889479,Recommended,269770,17914969,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Asylum,"Great game, played it with my wife for 3 hours last night. Only stopped playing because we realized it was 1AM. Love the story, the combat is fun, and the art style is perfect! If you like the old SNES RPGs you will most likely love this game."
76561198078793197,Recommended,269770,17937451,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ketchpup (Zee),"What can i even start,This game is amazing the game play is smooth easy to understand, fluent and just feels right! i cant wait till they finish this game and even if they do finish it i hope they continue to add onto it, far as my list of favorite games go this is def on my top 5."
,Recommended,269770,17973007,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kapy,"""Are you afraid of God?"" - ""No, but I'm afraid of bunnies.""Booker DeWitt"
,Recommended,269770,17980028,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Beefyrulz,"I don't really know how to describe this game other than, ""Strangely Satisfying"".Yes this game is all about grinding (sort of self-evident by the title) but the grinding is actually pretty fun, You get a really wide range of attacks and abilities to use so you can really customize your combat style to your preferences. The game does unfortunately seem to be lacking a little bit in terms of character customization, but that's not a terribly bad thing, just something I wish would be improved upon. In fact I'd even say this game sort of handles like some of the old-school The Legend of Zelda games, except with more RPG elements to it. Plus, as someone who generally couldn't care less for dialogue, the dialogue in this game is actually pretty good. I actually laughed at a few parts and rarely found myself skipping through dialogue. Not to mention I think it's pretty clear the devs have some real passion for this game. You can really see all the hard work, love & care that went into this game.The only downside is that updates are unbelievably slow and infrequent.I can't really think of anything else to add that might convince people, but seriously, just buy it. I'm almost certain that if you're already interested, you'll enjoy it. However if you know this isn't your kind of game, why are you even here?"
76561198030447888,Recommended,269770,18243434,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Nayfenn,"This game (all though in early access) is EXTREAMLY fun.As a retro gamer this game immediatley appealed to my every sense and need in a relaxing fun game, the game has some extreamly challenging and exciting boss battles and the story is well written and perfectly paced (so far).the combat and skill system is also extreamly fun to play around with, giving the playe endless combinations of skill combinatons as well there being no one truely overpowered combo, making every character personal to the player who controls them.This game is also graphically beautiful all be it in a, dare i say it, RPG maker esque style, it still is beautifully coloured and each area is well designed and themed making each area fresh, unique and new.The story as of yet is unfinished and sometimes the co-op has it's issues with characters getting stuck or becoming unusuable, but all these can be fixed with a quick '' on and off '' action by leaving and rejoining the game.Even if you do finish the story that is complete for now, thats not all you can then have hours more fun in the arcade mode witch has a great sense of accomplish in leveling your ''town'' as you constantly improve your score by running a new challenge time and time again.Not up for just battling? then why not pick up your fishing pole and had down to some of the few spots in the world for a spot of fishing and catch some of the wacky fish in each area all unique to the area you catch them in.Leveling is fun and well balanced making this RPG feel less grind and more find as you search for rare ''Cards'' fpr your collection or items to craft some of those unique weapons.Not onlly can you fisj and craft but also why not try your had at the treasure hunting?With clever clues and cryptic riddles to assist you in your hunt!!If you are anything like a gamer, you will have trouble putting this down for a while as you enjoy and progress.this game is a solid 10/10 for me and i will on the edge of my seat untill this game is not only finished in development but also finished in my story playthrough and i have conquered that dame arcade mode! >:)If you don't own this game already, BUY IT, it truely is a steal at £10"
,Recommended,269770,17669700,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Siber,One of the best games I've played of this type in a long time. Very simple but done very very well.
76561198047566797,Recommended,269770,17789077,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Reaps,"Will be very enjoyable when its complete, so far a great game :)"
,Recommended,269770,17869181,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Localhorst,"This game is so well done. It's still in Early Access, but the base game is rock solid.There's not too much content atm (enough for several hours of gameplay though), but I'm happy to have supported the devs with an EA purchase. Really looking forward to more updates."
,Recommended,269770,17909518,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Monty Python,"The charms and mannerisms of Zelda meet the colours and music of Pokemon, thrown together in a modern take on classic action RPG's.This game is godamn beautiful. A work of art, and I'm able to say this after hardly any time played. Infact, I bought it for myself, and then within 5 minutes had bought it for my partner and friends. Story Mode is great, the bosses are awesome and you actually see yourself getting better at the game as you play (amongst the thousands of deaths).SPOILER ALERT: Arcade Mode is also pretty awesome and the take on it is unique. You have a small town, and depending on how well you do fighting on the mountain, your town is improved.I would highly suggest this game even to those of you who perhaps haven't tried a game of this type before. 10/10"
76561198088981557,Recommended,269770,17934218,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Kay,This is a good game. It can be tough at times and sometimes it does not explain a lot of things.  Your pet is very important.  It does not attack for you but levels up your character in certain ways.  I can't wait until it is complete.
,Recommended,269770,17765296,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Lee,Just buy it!
,Recommended,269770,17055232,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Genin Jenin,"I haven't played for very long yet, but this is really well made so far; I expect much from this game in the future. 10/10"
,Recommended,269770,17087304,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,QueenEtna,"This is exactly the type of game I have been looking for. So far this game has been amazing, the combat is fluid and even though not all features of the skill trees are in yet there is still a whole range of things to choose. I recommend getting this if you love these types of rpgs."
76561197998647498,Recommended,269770,17110501,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,LeonsGhost,"This game is awesome! It feels like im playing a good 16 bit rpg. I notice that there is alot of reference from other games like Zelda's ""Hey listen!"" and after you beat a certain dungeon boss you get the power like megaman would. The game play feels like playing secret of mana and Zelda link to the past in one."
,Recommended,269770,17182912,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,RemnantWings,"I can't wait until this is finished.  Sprite animations are beautiful, right down to breaking a barrell. I'd like to see elemental magic have benefits though.The bag is an a-hole. 10/10"
76561197995275142,Recommended,269770,17291364,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DaTr0LL,"There will be parallels made to Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. And this would be a fair comparison. But it's also a much different experience. It introduces more contemporary RPG elements and does so in a fluid way. It's loaded with side quests. The world is more fleshed-out with... flesh. NPC flesh. The skill system feels great, allowing you to build your character as you see fit. Hurl meteors while wielding a big sword? Go for it. Plink at enemies with a bow and arrow while hiding behind a pet? You can do that too.Aside from gameplay, the art is beautiful. Very colorful, and the atmosphere is top-notch. The sound design is also great, and the music fits the environment, supporting but not distracting from the game.Despite these good points, this is still early access. I'm enjoying what I've seen so far, and what I've seen is polished, but it will need a lot of content to fulfill the promise I see in it. Whether or not that's delivered on is to be seen. But if it is, I have a feeling it will be one of those gems people will keep playing for years."
,Recommended,269770,17744267,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,andy,"Best RPG in my opinion, loads of fun, and its only in beta!"
,Recommended,269770,17945477,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Solaire of Astora,"A must buy for all fans of the old Super Nintendo games like: Zelda, Illusion of Gaya, Secret of Mana etc.And it has 4 player coop mode in it as well!"
,Recommended,269770,17945781,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,BRoKe_Ass_Retro,"I wrote a whole thing about how much potential this game has but i deleted it at the last second. So now here is the short version...This game is already awesome. If the developers keep showing it this much love and add as much content as humanly possible (Weapons, gear, side missions, etc) this could be one of the best top down old school style action RPG's to ever come from an indie developer. Just please make this game as long as possible because it would suck to see such a great game be cut short. It deserves a long campaign, tons of side quests and other things to do because the game is just oozing with potential where it is already.I have only played for a little while so i will have to add to this once i dive in deeper but i am comfortable recommending this to anyone that is into these types of games now. My rating stands at 8/10 with the possibility of being much higher once developed further."
,Recommended,269770,17152676,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dev1ant,"Good, i like the simple and fun combat and graphics, could become a very great game as they add more areas and mechanics."
,Recommended,269770,17072334,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Rasp,EXCELLENT GAME !! Arcade and Story mode are totally appart and they are both great !
76561198204173648,Recommended,269770,17088373,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,A MEDIOCRE BOOK,Combat feels incredible. Art is great. Narrative is beyond humorous. 10/10.
,Recommended,269770,17095783,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Svaser,"Awesom game, however slightly unbalanced atm."
,Recommended,269770,17113469,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MACHO VIRGEM,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.For a long time i've been searching for a game that reminds me the old school snes gameplay with some modern features, and that is the game that i've was looking for.Awesome gameplay, interesting story so far, a wide variety of builds, ways that you can revisit some bosses, wide exploration, and so far, good multiplayer.10/10"
76561197988570334,Recommended,269770,17129069,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Horstinator,"a great game already, playability, animation and most of all arcade mode ar absolutely great! Demo sold me on the game ages ago, now i bought it on steam--- zero regrets!"
,Recommended,269770,17129943,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,snigg,"I got a little frustrated while exploring when I first got this game, as I discovered the second half of the story mode wasn't completed yet, but this is an early access game with ACTIVE devs who are constantly working on the game to make it the best it can be. The gameplay is very intuitive and fun, and the story is great. You are a collector, and you explore the world looking for cool loot, when you discover that you bag is a living artifact, created long ago, and he's not the only one. In the temples of this game, you must get the artifact at the end, and it seems repetitive, but the game has different ways of getting you into the temple, and (of the two that are in the game currently) each temple has it's own gimmick that makes it stand out from the other(s).If you finish the story as it is now, there is an alternate mode which has more of a Binding of Issac gameplay style as you go through randomly generated floors and fight monsters and attain treasure. But there's a twist; As you progress and earn points through playing Arcade mode, your town upgrades and you can do different things in the town.None of my friends have this game so I haven't gotten to play multiplayer, but if it's as good as single player, I'll love it.Basically, this game has no class restrictions, so you're allowed to grab whatever spells you want, as long as you have skill points, which I absolutely LOVE. This makes chaining spells with your melee attacks incredibly fun and rewarding, but one con I have with this game is that some spells aren't in the game yet.Buy this game if you have the patience to wait until ths game reaches its full potential."
,Recommended,269770,17142767,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ZakutAyy lmao,"The name says it all, its a world of GRINDea :^) but for an early access its pretty good alright!"
,Recommended,269770,17154083,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Filthy Laurie,"What can I say? I didn't think I would enjoy it near as much as I actually did. I mean, for a 14.99 Beta I expected some grumps, bumps and bugs but this is an extremely polished early access. There are zones you can't enter, sure, but the combat, story and characters are well rounded and feel complete. I was also extremely happy with the level of difficulty that came with some of the puzzles and bosses. It was a very lovely weekend diversion that I will be constantly revisiting for  more content.In one word? Omghappynostalgiagleechallengingexcitingrelaxingmmfgoodnesshighlyrecommend."
,Recommended,269770,17193555,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,XxPandaSaurusxX,this game is very fun and i would like to journey through Adventure mode with many newfound friends. :D
76561198026722731,Recommended,269770,17205641,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,vayne,"Good game, please develop become full version."
,Recommended,269770,17261518,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mr.Puppychow,Is good game. Buy.
,Recommended,269770,17527748,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kris,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!This is the first RPG game that i have plaued besides pokemon when i was younger.  The pixil art is great! Such small details are put into this! It took me 68 minutes to beat one of the first bosses, i kept dying and thats where the learning curve comes in, you start to notice the patterns of attack and adapt to them. I absolutely love the music too! And the colors, i just love green environments. This game reminds me of Sword Art Online, and the beginning is kind of like Hunter X Hunter if anyone has seen that. Oh and the characters are pretty funny, i literally laughed out loud when there were 2 thugs stopping me at a bridge and they came charging and i used a quick burst of lightning magic and they just fell flat on the ground XD Anyway ill give this game a....10/10!!"
,Recommended,269770,17685334,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Omnomalisk,"This game is amazing!Even in early access I can easily give it a very high rating.Pros:- AMAZING MUSIC!- Awesome art too!- Great combat system- Awesome, easy to use talent tree- A LOT of replayability, due to how you can play your character- Interesting story- Super funny characters- Super high difficulty game with unique bosses that will force you to come up with a good strategy to beat- Multiplayer works flawlesslyCons:Due to the game being in early access, I am unable to complete it! But that will change soon :)"
76561198099475149,Recommended,269770,17701514,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Prent,Liked old school legend of zelda? Look no further. Great game.
76561198067175795,Recommended,269770,17702711,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Starrwind,This has been a game that brings back the old school feeling from the times of playing NES in the basement. Can't wait for more!!
,Recommended,269770,17719382,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sorieli,"If you enjoyed games like the top down Legend of Zelda games or games such as Chrono Trigger and the old Final Fantasy games, then im sure you'll enjoy this game.I know I did.(ALSO, MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING CUTE CLOUD AND SNOW SUMMONS, HELL YES)"
76561198210938948,Recommended,269770,17725497,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,HolySuicide,GOOD
76561198085587451,Recommended,269770,17740149,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nesdude,"**This review is coming from a pure single-player experience** (there is multiplayer)I have done all of the story mode content there is to do at this time, minus collectibles, as of version 0.600amigo.Pros:-Fun combat, lots of skills and perks. You can respec for a doable in-game fee. Smooth and fluid animation.-Multiplayer, which I did not try out. This can be done in the story mode and arcade mode.-The environments are awesome, the character artwork could be better, and the music is good, but nothing I see myself humming to.-Many cameos from other video games. Zelda, RE4, Honeydew, to name a few.-There's a stable version and a ""frontline"" version. Pretty self explanatory. The latter has more frequent updates (every few weeks) the former every month or two, from my understanding.Cons:-The amount of monsters you have to kill and the many hours it takes to get a drop does not line up with an items rarity most of the time. It is not unheard of to spend 4-8 hours killing the same monster all to get a drop that is probably not better than what you already have JUST so you can work towards 100% completion. This is never a requirement, but the cards you can get in particular offer small permanent bonuses, and it can take you anywhere from 30 minutes to 8 hours to find the one that you want.-It's short. But the game's not done yet. The current story can be done in about 4-6 hours. Getting collectibles could get you another 10-20 hours, depending on your luck. Question is, do you want those mostly mediocre drops bad enough to spend all that time?-Arcade mode as a single player is quite a challenge. I usually opt for the harder options in video games like Kingdom Hearts on Critical but this mode is hard from the get go if you are alone. I would like to see some scaling in difficulty to make it more doable (maybe there already is, and I just suck.) But if you're looking for a challenge, you've got it here. An option to turn down the difficulty would be nice though.These problems can be easily remedied with time, however. The creators are friendly and interactive with their community, and they post frequent updates.So the question is, do I recommend this game? Is it worth the current price of $15.00?Yes it is. For the amount of playtime I got out of it, for the potential of what it can become, and for the multiplayer, which I didn't even touch, which is sure to add many hours. If nothing else, follow this game. Come back to it later. For an avid RPG fan, this is a game to watch out for."
76561197999210513,Recommended,269770,17817452,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Tribunal,"This is what you might consider a baby review.What I mean is I only do reviews on initial playthrough and how long a game keeps me interested.Overall Rating: 5/5This game so far has won the ""Keep me playing Longest Award"" by far. I am serious. Usually a game keeps my attention for .4 to 3.5 hours before I move on to another game or switch back to playing CS:GO.19.4 hours before I am forcing myself to go play a few CS:GO Matches.That is insane.I beat the early access normal Story. Then ran some Arcade, which is so Rouge-Lite it made my heart hurt. I just had to keep going.Okay, so a bit of a breakdown. The Graphics are what you see. 16 bit love. The game play is a mixture of A Link To The Past, Secret of Mana, and some flair of it's own.Multiplayer is a bit laggy at times, but other than that it's fun as hell.I cannot recommend this game enough honestly.There are bugs, there are balancing issues, and I can accept that because the game is not complete.But that being said, I would play this incomplete game over 90% of the complete games avaliable right now.Buy this. Share this. Throw money at the Devs and expect nothing in return. Other than a brilliant game that is.If you are expecting me to go into further detail, you are missing the above sentence. Seriously... Buy this."
76561198059728302,Recommended,269770,17072276,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,legomike666,great game cant wait for more content
,Recommended,269770,17089851,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,.zip,I think that this is a great game so far! It's a beautiful game with vivid colours and great carachter development. I reccomend this game to players who liked games like the old Zelda and Final Fantasy games.
76561198046491468,Recommended,269770,17167504,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Trip,"Awesome game, lots of potential. Light and fun with great effects. I applaud your coding sirs and madams."
76561197973460862,Recommended,269770,17224979,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,J3STR,"This game actually ""senses"" when you want to grind and supports you in doing so. Awesome old skool stuff with a modern twist!"
,Recommended,269770,17281121,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,brudert,I can't stop playing this gem of a game!  Very smooth controls mixed with fun and challenging combat makes the arcade mode alone worth the purchase.  Add a loveable world and numerous great mini games and puzzles makes this one of my favorite games of 2015.
,Recommended,269770,17340917,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,MysticMochi,"I often like to Grindea with strangers, but with the added co-op I have been Grindeaing with friends way more often.10/10"
,Recommended,269770,17918137,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,~ringringHello?,worth every cent!!! please add more content :) (FASTER!!!)
,Recommended,269770,18012640,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Vehn,this is amazing and worth every penny
76561198041300142,Recommended,269770,17723911,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,pathetic Dictator,I like this game but if you use anything but controller may God have mercy on your soul. The battle system very enjoyable so much so that grinding but with a game called Secrets of GRINDea that was obvious. The pet system is really cool but at the same time I am terible at it
,Recommended,269770,17173606,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Magnetbomb,"Having beaten what's released of the story so far and dipped my toes into arcade mode, I can say that I recommend this game to anyone who used to play story-based games as a child or likes collecting. I happen to like both, and I think the game, even though it is not finished, is worth 15$ in it's current state. It's the most fun I've had in a while and I really hope the devs continue to work on it. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,269770,17215482,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,MayhemMays,"Amazing, I am not good at giving reviews for games, but all I can say for this game is truely amazing. The art style is amazing, its everything you could ask for of an adventure, puzzles, comedy, RP, and boss battles. I really hope they update this soon! looking forward to what comes next in the story"
76561198098800380,Recommended,269770,17459613,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ladwin998,"Arcade mode alone is enough to justify a $17 purchase and then there is a fleshed out story mode (which is still in progress) to entertain you for a few more hours.It is clear a lot of love and attention to detail has gone into the development process of this game so far, I can only assume that there is much more to come, and THAT is why you should make this purchase, and make it confidently."
,Recommended,269770,17715923,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,kks,"If you like old style RPG, this is the game you want, co-op, good combat, humor, overall the concept is basic in terms of dungeon puzzles/skills/enemies etc, but that's not the point, it's fun with all that, beware that the game isnt complete yet as of this review"
76561198075467218,Recommended,269770,17722744,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,woooooo physics,"Brilliant! Absolutely loved it. I'm not the biggest fan of this type of game but theres something about it, i think because it's not too serious, it is quite easy to either have a quick half hour session or too completely lose yourself in the story for a few hours. Simple and adorable art style.The only problem is the length, in the early access there's about 8hrs tidy content (which is still more than COD) but it is a highly polished, complete section of the game so as long as you don't mind waiting for the full release it's still worth the price tag."
,Recommended,269770,17843945,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lampu,"Very fun game, a little bit of mindless monsterslaying/grinding (not too much, they got the amount just right for me) followed by some very cool bossfights. Some bosses were kinda easy (maybe has to do with the abilities I leveled), but others really had me trying over and over again.Can't wait for this game to be finished so more of my friends will be willing to buy it, singleplayer was cool and I expect multiplayer to be even more fun."
,Recommended,269770,17992487,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Matt,"I'm going to make this a bit longer, all things considered.This review covers the early access version.Secrets of Grindea is just that. A grind-based action RPG with roots in SNES classics.It has excellent sound and graphics, especially for a nostalgia ♥♥♥♥♥ like myself. If you are on the fence about this title, grab it now while you can. It's good, and will only get better until launch."
76561198207812960,Recommended,269770,30315407,Posted: 4 March,all,Varian,good game !
76561197970967735,Recommended,269770,29712578,Posted: 4 February,all,Frosty|wR*,Its Neat-o.
,Recommended,269770,20709949,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,rey de low priority,"great game, basically secret of mana++"
,Recommended,269770,32055071,Posted: 29 May,all,Selzauido,"Great game, slow development but updates are of high quality.  Worth the full price even on current state."
,Recommended,269770,17614341,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Moobabe,"PERMANENT BETAPERMANENT BETAYesterday Planetary Annihilation released a standalone game that completely replaces their older product. The game was successfully Kickstarted and went through Early Access where it attracted endless negative reviews; missing features, promises that weren't kept and deadlines that weren't met. The cynical among us might suggest a completely new product means a fresh slate for Steam reviews - but it's a damning indictment of a company's misuse of Early Access.It's a shame because, for the most part, Early Access has been a phenomenon, allowing games to grow and developers to get real feedback on what's working and what isn't and make changes based on those player responses. Secrets of Grindea has recently hit the Early Access scene and, after a successful demo launch earlier in the year, stands out as a shining example of development done right.Secrets of Grindea is a 2D RPG in the vein of the older Zelda or 'Of Mana' titles. it has the same charming art style but has a quality of animation that gives the whole game a modern feel, that unfortunately doesn't translate especially well into screenshots. The game focuses on a young boy leaving his village to become a man (stop me if you've heard this one before) and to do so he must first collect his sword and shield and make his way to the nearest town.On the way you'll learn the basics of combat and get a real feel for how exceptionally well animated Secrets of Grindea is. The sway of a cloak as you dash, the hunched shoulders of a defensive position and the theatrical swirl as human enemies pirouette to the ground in defeat.The premise of the game is, aside from killing and leveling up, that you are a collector. A type of champion who's tasked with chronicling and cataloging things within Grindea's gorgeous and vibrant world. There's a hint of Pokemon about it all, but Secrets of Grindea wears its influences proudly; and why not? This is an excellent reimagining of some classic ideas and franchises.The levelling up system itself is more reminiscent of Diablo than any other franchise. As you level up you get skill points which you can put into various areas; magic, defense, skills etc You can unlock new, castable abilities which subsequent points will improve, or level up several of your passive skills. It's adequate, though I'm yet to come across a level up system that I could ever describe as anything other.I've finished all the content available in Secrets of Grindea's Early Access build outside of the game's Arcade Mode which I'll delve into when the full release arrives. As it stands, though, I would have no reservations about recommending Secrets of Grindea to anyone. It's been a while since a game has been so whimsical, light-hearted and, as simple as it sounds, fun. It's gorgeous, colourful with a stellar soundtrack and is more than an homage to 16 bit classics. This is a faithful re-imagining of the tropes of old with a modern shine and it does it so much better than everyone else.http://www.permanent-beta.net/previews/2015/8/19/early-access-investigations-secrets-of-grindea"
,Recommended,269770,26984272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Bodinator,"One of my all-time favorite games, and its not even done yet! The artwork is amazing, the gameplay is amazing and the story in amazing. I 100% recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,269770,26087577,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Blue,"It's fun, hard, and the story is good"
,Recommended,269770,29318837,Posted: 17 January,all,LuckyStar,"Great pixel RPG, but a little boring since online multiple player mode is not supported yet. There are a few vocations composed of diverse skills and talent points. I guess it would be much more fun to play in a team of 3-4. It's really a pity that I can only play with my steam friends. It will be great if we can match with others online."
76561198323771117,Recommended,269770,30483892,Posted: 12 March,all,IAMTOTATO,10/10 would max out frosty friend again to block friends
76561198029636502,Recommended,269770,19496913,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Murphy,"First game i genuinely enjoyed in a long time, and it's not even complete.A lot of passion has been poured into this and it shows, i cannot wait for the content to come, the possibilites are endless.9/10Only thing missing is couch co-op."
,Recommended,269770,29471208,Posted: 24 January,all,Phelyne,"From what I've played so far, this doesn't get repetetive, which is really nice. Even being in Alpha, there's already quite a ton of content. I'd say it's definitely worth the money, even as it is now. (Incomplete, but you don't really notice that aside from when it says ""This part of the map isn't complete yet."", and the current lack of support skills.Definitely worth the money!"
76561198000608773,Recommended,269770,18163082,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Fluff-E-Kitty,It might be unfinished but its Ducking awsome.Its a work in progress and I like what I see.
,Recommended,269770,35148330,Posted: 23 September,all,DarkZexi,"This game is actually gives fun to the idea of grinding with the ammount of rewards and items you get just after a short amount of it. A game i would highly recomend getting, specially if you have a friend or a small group of them and there is an 100% chance you will have a great time."
76561198067851360,Recommended,269770,34962390,Posted: 14 September,all,Joeoct,"It has anawesomesoundtrack, fun graphics, and cameos to uncommon/easily missed parts in quite a few games.The story is pretty good, and hosts quite a few believable characters.You can *tell* this game was made by gamers.For being 3 people (with some outsourced talent -- see who creates the music for this game) it's been an amazing experience, and I can't wait for more.I guess the best comparison for the gameplay would be a lot like Shining Soul 2's character abilities mixed with Legend of Zelda Oracle of Seasons/Ages mechanics"
76561198116356628,Recommended,269770,35157199,Posted: 23 September,all,nihilist74,"If you liked games like Illusion of Gaia, super nintendo version of zelda, or brainlord (super nintendo action rpg), you will really like this game. The controls seem to work really well. There is enough depth to the combat to keep it interesting but its not annoyingly over complicated. I set my controls to the WASD keys for movement. I set the number pad keys for my attacks and all my abilities. It is very comfortable and responsive."
76561198130034505,Recommended,269770,23812087,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Antwoniiee,Best arpg game ive played so far!!!
76561197997747383,Recommended,269770,25470838,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lorderu,"Really great game. Awesome humor, cool enemies, great story.. I really recomend!"
76561198330904677,Recommended,269770,25927646,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mimifun,This game is beautiful and I love it. CAN'T WAIT FOR MORE CONTENT TO COME!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197969399711,Recommended,269770,28232688,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Schofield,Incredible....
76561198078368825,Recommended,269770,25449327,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,EvilZombieLlama,First things first this game is AMAZING i absolutely love it but recently i switched from windows to linux and i can no longer play it :( so i hope that windows support gets added soon
76561198048418886,Recommended,269770,28246072,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,FlameWizard,This is a good game!!!
76561198325127426,Recommended,269770,28249235,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Subway Boi 2,"Well I wasn't exprcting this game to be as smooth as it is, i dont think i can find fault with it yet. Defentaly worth its price i would recomend buying it."
76561198014851786,Recommended,269770,25665293,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,BouncyBread,Great Co-op 2D Zelda-Esque game.
76561198234053152,Recommended,269770,28224802,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,redwolfzero,"Where to begin,So I do enjoy this game as it's got a Action RPG style to it with customizable talents. The co-op is fun but the enemies are difficult. The NPCs and storyline are kind of boring but it makes up for it with how visual the game is. There's not much content in the game up to where I played. There's no info onhttps://howlongtobeat.com/game.php?id=18233so I'm not sure if I should keep playing or not. I got stuck a few times not knowing where to go. It's a cute game and I've payed the full price for it. But I think it being in early access I'd rather play it when it's completely finished. That could be awhile."
76561198150478496,Recommended,269770,22736072,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SpartaTX5,i love this game it is exactly want i want in a game and i cant wait for more to come out!
,Recommended,269770,35352006,Posted: 30 September,all,DartKitten,"Fun as hellChallenging as hellIf Link To the Past were remade, this is how I would want it to beNow I just need friends to play with"
,Recommended,269770,17717123,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Drifter,I lhave achieved 100% on this game and still love it. The arcade mode helps for the wait between story updates and there are many different play styles and many different secrets to get. It has plenty of different items you can get/make and interactive items as well. It also has meta-ness cavelings... I hate cavelings...
76561198055067904,Recommended,269770,17039193,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Zaleander,Pros:Super smooth combatChallenging and fun gameplayUnique boss battlesGreat co-op and multiplayerGreat character customization (ability/moveset wise)Cons:Very little content currentlyA few abilities seem to work incorrectlyThe chat portaits look gay af
,Not Recommended,269770,25218155,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ZULUL,This game is a scam. Five years in development and less than half done. Weekly dev blog updates reveal no progress is ever made. This listing exists only to scam money from customers. This game will never be finished.
,Recommended,269770,17262222,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Klownting Cards,"I love this game.But holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing god damn mother ♥♥♥♥ing bees. Nerf that♥♥♥♥♥♥Other than that, great game.Real good, ♥♥♥♥ bees."
,Recommended,269770,23178672,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ziny Zee,Decided to record this multiplayerTurned it on the hardest difficultyHad a fun timeCracked some good jokesGot to the Slime BossSpent an hour fighting himAn agonizing hour of luck and skillScreamed with joy and happiness after I killed itLooked at the recordings to laugh at our faultsRealized I recoreded 3 hours of Discord instead of the game10 / 10 - Would have two emotional break downs in 5 minutes.
76561197980444424,Recommended,269770,17112921,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,razgard,"My mind's telling me noBut my body, my body's telling me yesBaby, I don't want to hurt nobodyBut there is something that I must confess to youI don't see nothin' wrongWith a little bump and Grindea"
,Recommended,269770,20679831,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,"MEET DB[A], YOUR MAKER!","An epic classic RPG with attention to details in a world dominated by mass-produced games like e.g. the witcher, fallout. If you were born before 1990 and grown up playing Secret Of Mana do not grab for graphic spectacle everyone is playing, but to your childhood."
,Recommended,269770,22611310,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Admiral Metal Giant,I dont even have words dank enough to describe this game. It is so amazing that if you don't get this RIGHT NOW then donald trump wont give you a small loan of a million dollars. [LENNY APPROVES]. Keep in mind that this comment was made during early access and it is amazeballs. 10/10 legitimately best RPG ever made. Ever. In the history of dank memes. Im serious m8.
,Recommended,269770,33967859,Posted: 2 August,all,无能狂怒啊,good game but the season hydra is too hard to solo mage to defeat expectally who put all the points on dmg not health. plz change the difficulty. thanks
,Recommended,269770,17230080,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Pharticus Maximus,"This is what indie retro games is all about. Forget all those games you get in bundles that claim to be retro greatness, but they are really just posing behind 8 & 16 bit graphics but are missing all the greatness that those eras stood for. Those games try to make you buy their games based on your love for nostalgia. This one hit it on the money!!!!!Secrets of Grindea!!!! Oh yes, this game has done it all right. This is a game that brings back all the best memories from the classic era, games like Zelda for SNES, Secrets of Mana, and it takes what we loved in those games to a whole new level with modern additions and systems.The combat is awesome action RPG goodness. Hack and slash, cast spells, dodge, block, aim, it is all here and feels great, tight and responsive.The class system is that you can be anything you want. use any weapon, buy any skill from any school of magic. Boost defense, boost elements, boost crit, boost certain spell types and so on. Insane amount of depth with limitless combination of ways to build your character.You can also customize the way you look with different looking hats, shields, weapons that you find and equip throughout the game, its all visible, your hair and skin color and more is also selectable.Slash bushes, crates, vases, you know we all loved to do that and see what item is inside, could be nothing or something great.There is crafting, fishing and all kinds of other ""jobs"" that you can do in this game as well. It has multiplayer where friends can join you on your adventure online.This game has so much greatness and is only in EA. These Devs work hard and love what they are creating and it shows. If you really love retro gaming, you will buy this now!!! Stop buying the low quality crap that comes from greenlight for 10 games in a $1 bundle and put your cash down on something you will actually play, enjoy and be proud to own and say you paid for."
,Recommended,269770,23101911,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Johnny Joestar,"really"" good game but you really need to be patient for the update because its still on early access10/10"
,Recommended,269770,20586719,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dynamit-Harry,this game is really fun! it is like a top-down single-player world of warcraft with retro graphics!9/10 it is a really fun game but the puzzles can sometimes be a bit frustrating...
76561198137850422,Recommended,269770,24731544,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[CK]TimRambo,I rly like this gameit can be hard time to time i only fighted 1 living rune block for 1hour and got no itemsthis game is gonna be awesome hope it adds more mods like worlds maps stories ETC10/10 from me :Dwould be awesome with dedicated servers running at all times soo ppl can play togheter :Dthis game is love and life :D
76561198032885905,Recommended,269770,20972731,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nirb,"Grindea is a 2D arpg:- With great humour,- Noticable references that somehow don't feel out of place in the world- Good music- Great and relatable character- A simple yet deep and flexible combat system- Varied zones, and enemies with movesets that you need to learn in order to counter them (ala dark souls, sort of)- Beautiful and amazing level designs and artwork- Some of the best and most varied animation I've seen in most games (even the ones that use mocap! Even more than call of duty ghost's dogs and fish)- Very diverse and interesting bosses, some of which even ambush you so... DON'T WATCH A PLAYTHROUGH as it will most likely lessen the experience.AND THE LIST GOES ON AND ON AND ON AND ON and on and on a,,nd o,,, n ,,,,,If I was to name ONE flaw, (which isn't really a flaw) its that its not done yet. Although I'm personally pretty patient, this game is so amazing that its making me impatient!!Beware, its hard to get your health back after you take hits. So it may either be a very skillful game or a very slow one as you agro each enemy 1 by 1 or avoid/block multiple attacks repeatedly. Its a very hard game if you do not think about your tactics and just mindlessly wail on enemies.But regardless, I highly recommend playing with a controller, as the game fully supports it and is much easier to work with compared to the keyboard and mouse. There is no voice acting from what I can see however the story is enthralling and very well written. Its well worth the read, so if you can, make sure to read the dialogue.Whoever wrote the scripts, make a book. I'll pay to proof read it no matter how many rewrites you do! In fact I am currently tossing my credit card at the screen with my bank details as we speak.Anyway theres a lot more to talk about but...TLDR; JUST GO BUY IT! BUY IT THEN BUY IT AGAIN SO YOU CAN PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS SINCE IT SUPPORTS 4 PLAYER CO OPP.S. If you can somehow, somehow resist the demonic levels of temptation then just keep it in mind for the full release and experience the complete package. As it stands right now though its still definitely worth buying even now. I haven't finished it yet and I've got over 5 hours so its certaintly got enough content,"
,Recommended,269770,21204650,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,OverRated.NrSeven,3 words:I LOVE IT
76561198228746000,Recommended,269770,23368887,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,alekslondek,really fun and amazing but sadly your PET dose attack but that just a bad thing and the game beta so maby you know but enyways i carnt wait so the game gets finish and wow its fun
,Recommended,269770,20237415,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Oswaldo?,Needs more slimes 9/10
,Recommended,269770,28813632,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BetweenBoundary,"as of the time of writing this review ive only started but so far this game is like a mixture of stardew valley, diablo and legends of zelda if you could some how mix the 3 perfectly with no real faults in execution. graphically it looks like stardew valley which is great, cute and very pretty, among a few other simularities to stardew valley, its like diablo thanks to its multiplayer and the way you warp about to warp pads and such not to mention the way the menus work reminds me of diablo, its like zelda in every thing else really, from the general feel of the game , to the puzzles the game is a hell of alot of fun, ive only just started playing and legit got lost in fighting enemies over and over cause the combat system is so much fun, not to mention earning new skills really gives even more insentive to fight and earn new skills  so over all i highly recomend this game"
,Recommended,269770,18013715,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Snipefreak,"Brings back that old rpg feel, plus advanced :O absolutely having a BLAST of a time with this game 10/10 Joshyign"
76561198077643805,Recommended,269770,17050131,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ephriam,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWOk so, the game is great.... the combat is fun, the farming is fun, and I HOPE this game gets to see a full release eventually.Pros:Fun combatCool skillsEasy to get the hang ofGood enough storyHumorArcade mode - Feels like a new gameCons:Not enough skills (This is early access, i would assume eventually upon a full release there will be A LOT more options to choose from on skills)Only about 6 hours of gameplay currently (If your lucky, I was done in 5)Not enough monster spawns in some areas, the games fun, but i feel a lack of challenge due to only seeing 5-6 monsters  spawning at a time then just demolishing them all with an AoE..All in all, great game, if you wanna support it get it now, if your looking for extensive gameplay and 40 hours or more of fun, I'd advise u wait, or get it on a sale because its current state is still fun, just lacking for the amount of years spent on developing this so far. im talkin like 5+ years and theres only 5 hours of gameplay so... I'm not expecting too much anytime soon."
76561198075684661,Recommended,269770,17077867,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,shou 。シデ,Nice game...
76561198013001990,Recommended,269770,17103529,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,Solid game out of 10!
,Recommended,269770,17731813,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rehynebrowzツ,"10/10 Game but isn't it strange that little children are killing things for there enjoyment? Still awesome game EVEN in the Beta, can't want for the full game!"
76561197996984324,Recommended,269770,17062973,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zordaso,Found a carrot that is better than an actual sword. 10/10
76561198084807525,Recommended,269770,17077128,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Just a Toaster,Pet slime?10/10 I love it
76561198067334627,Recommended,269770,17105540,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SpArTaMaTa,Playing it with smile on my face ^^_^^
,Recommended,269770,17989823,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Ceciliantas,"I very, very, rarely. Ever make any review posts, heck may be first one on Steam spite I been using Steam for so long.  But this game, the potential, wow, I cant wait to see the finished product, and I hope more and more will be added once the product is finished.  This game reminds me of the days I spent playing Secret of Mana with my best friend from childhood, and we beaten that game six times over and still didnt get tired of it.Everything is superb, music, animation, but what gets me is the potential for massive grind, character customization and the collection of items.  I hope by 1.0 the game will have more weapon types, ranged, and at least double the skills magic and abilities to choose from.  Plays really friggen well on my Razer Sabertooth.  I am glad I purchased this game and will have my partner purchase it as well once its fully released. If she wont, ill buy her it."
76561198008277917,Recommended,269770,17200338,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Fire Pukan,"Великолепно,с юмором,грациозно сочитающая лучшие игровые и сюжетные элементы классчических RPG на приставках 90ых годов с современным гейплеем и возможностями игр этого времени,игра)Просто нет слов,затянуло нереально.......поскорее разрабатывайте и вводите всю игровую карту и сюжет,ждем с нетерпением)"
,Recommended,269770,17686482,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Zushio,This games pretty dern gud kiddles. Loads of fun and I would highly recommend playing it :3
,Recommended,269770,18037830,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,X The Rocket Resident New Hoff,"Why this is an excellent game-Smooth combat system.-Skills are all unique.-Lives up to its name, you can not grind at all and be perfectly fine.-Sound track is pretty good.-A better than avearage story.-Great comic relief.-Arcade mode adds great replay value.-Arena mode is a ton of fun.Why this game is still in Early Access-Lacking in # of skills-Game is kind of short currently- if you are just doing the story the game will take you 2-3 hours, If its your first run itmight take longer. although I think believe in its current state the game is no more then 30% complete. There is so much more  to be added.- Lacking in some features, but has plenty to keep you entertained for a while.-Sometimes glitchy-Ability orbs are meh.Overall, this game is a ton of fun if you have 15 bucks to toss. Don't let the name full you, this game isnt all grinding."
,Recommended,269770,17903181,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,HellaHigh510,This game is solid. Perfect balance of casual/retro/MMO. Although I hope they add some randomized dungeon raiding where you can join public pools of people. I only have one friend who plays and it would be nice to play with others.
76561197995886570,Recommended,269770,17108322,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Coercion,Awesome game.
76561197998866028,Recommended,269770,17154017,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Cero/<wel,10/Grind.
,Recommended,269770,30324451,Posted: 4 March,all,CORY BAXTER,its k
76561197977189830,Recommended,269770,17796735,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,goodolarchie™,"EA Summary: Really polished encounters, controls, and a ton of fun.  Currently low on content (about 6-7 hours to do all main quests and side quests).  While I recommend this game, it is NOT worth $15 at this stage (9/1/2015).Detailed Pro's:The encounters (11/10!) in this game are incredibly well tuned and the clear highlight of this game.  There's no healing that I'm aware of, which means you will be challenged to learn each of these encounters as you die many, many times, similar to Super Meatboy or Dark Souls.  Like Meatboy, you will respawn instantly, and like dark souls, being greedy never pays off; slow and steady wins the race.The world is also quite nice with beautiful pixel graphics.  I would describe the dialogue as 14-year-old humor that harps on many RPG tropes.  The writers clearly have a sense of humor, which is nice.  The (side)quests are about a 4/10, really only designed to have you revisit old areas.  Some of them have unique bosses, those are cool.The gameplay is also about 8/10, very tight controls.  I really only played 2H with a few extra spells, but the game will allow you to play archer, sword n board, 2h, or a mage in any/all of 4 magic schools.  Plus, there are support spells that help both melee and caster.  The spells seem really weak at low level but quite good once ""leveled up.""  Points can be re-allocated for gold, which is great because you can try something for a price.Cons: Not much content yet, but it is still a solid stable and polished beta build.  If they keep creating more of the same, this game will be a fantastic modern version of its predecessors like Secret of Mana/Evermore, Link 2 tha Past and others."
76561198111098952,Recommended,269770,29978346,Posted: 16 February,all,bosstiger,i love this game its really good in alot of parts but would love more story
76561198004790522,Recommended,269770,30123872,Posted: 23 February,all,Skye / Tiffan / Ley / Trixie,"Good, but you need a controller. Dont let anyone tell you otherwise.(been playing with a keyboard for 15 years)"
76561198066602406,Recommended,269770,17175989,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,A Very Angry Garden Gnome,"Great game but not enough content, but that's understandable since the game is in beta stage"
76561198017115714,Recommended,269770,24026165,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Clinton Mobley,secret of mana but so much better!
,Recommended,269770,23777870,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kung Fu Hung-Su,"Game isn't finished. Don't care, enjoyed every second."
,Recommended,269770,25397393,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Moose,this game good but............overpriced!
76561198008995639,Not Recommended,269770,26694753,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Syger,"Content spoonfed to keep the game in Early Access as long as possible so they can make more money. Don't be fooled by this abuse of the EA system. Avoid until it is completed, or better yet, avoid entirely to send a message this is basically fraud. I had high hopes for this game but the developers have maintained their ""we working hard and be patient"" shenanigans to no end. So much so that they locked and pinned a thread created about lack of release and completion to try and keep the complaints down. I've supported plenty of games through EA and am well aware of what constitutes legitimate progress and what is a sham and this unfortunately is the latter of the two. Could not be more disappointed."
76561198030756521,Not Recommended,269770,34300660,Posted: 16 August,all,Banana,"This game has great appeal and can quickly suck you in. After one session I was left with an insastiable desire to play the game more. However, the second session left me frustrated, and with no desire to ever play the game again.Two main points: Bosses and rewards.1. Bosses are very difficult in this game. And not like dark souls where you learn the bosses patterns and slowly become better and better until you can kill the boss without even getting touched. Every boss fight is terribly unfun and annoying as ♥♥♥♥, extremely gimmicky and straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I have no idea how you could possibly defeat most of the bosses playing solo, a friend is almost required if you want to play this game on the lowest difficulty level. Don't even get me started on the hard mode.2. Me and a friend defeated 4 bosses in our second session of play. All of these bosses stemmed from the same quest line. Not once did we recieve experience points or loot from ANY of these bosses. So we stayed the same level basically this entire questline as it become increasingly difficult to get enough xp to level from simple mobs. And the grand reward for this quest that took 4+ hours? About 1/3rd a bar of XP (at level 14) and a talent orb. Talent orbs are worthless and some of the bonuses you can unlock with them include 2% max health increase or 2% magic attack increase. This quest did not even give a skill point or a sword or staff or helmet or anything. There is no reward to playing this game: xp, new gear, and skills - arguably the most important part of an RPG - are scarcely given to you and I don't think I've ever felt more unrewarded for playing a game in my entire life.3/10, kinda fun game and absolutely abysmal RPG."
76561198135634033,Recommended,269770,17610103,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SpookyScarySkeleman,Killed Slimes until I could wear one as a helmet.10/10 would kill slimes again.
76561198013614632,Recommended,269770,31152360,Posted: 15 April,all,ุ,TIGHT AF
76561197991025709,Recommended,269770,17097938,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Vai,"If Diablo, Secrets of mana and Zelda all had a sweaty threesome, you would get this. 10/10"
,Recommended,269770,19300697,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Megaflux,"cool game, sort of a cross between secret of mana/evermore and ragnarok online (CARDS!). im sure it will get much better once its finished."
,Recommended,269770,21435090,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ç | Baast,"I love this game but the story is too short, i'm still waiting for more."
76561197986548932,Recommended,269770,18349273,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Fyre,"There's a permanent upgrade for every enemy. My only gripe is that there aren't more enemies nor are these persistant through rogue-like runs.8/10 in Early Access9/10 When It's done10/10 when I can collect cards from monsters through the rogue-like runs (or maybe the drops are increased in this mode and I haven't noticed, I'd prefer it to be rare as story and persistant.)Final Synopsis: Buy if you like retro-action-rpg with both a rogue-lite and story experience but wait for release if you want a LOT of content. Honestly I'm really liking what I got and don't regret the purchase at all. There is a lot there but... y'know. I don't know. This game is good but would be better on release, it's early access, what do you want from me?"
,Recommended,269770,17109323,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Galv,"Jolly good game, m8."
76561198000631364,Recommended,269770,17052003,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,SteelLink HighBlade,adventureing is fun even when its 16 bit great game man cant wait to see the full ver i would recommend this game to anyone who loves adventure
76561198284922318,Recommended,269770,34339392,Posted: 18 August,all,Comet =),drop the price to ten
,Recommended,269770,17544460,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,zaabi1995,Awesome.
,Recommended,269770,19926254,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Vileguy,"No this game is not a grindfest. It's got 2 modes: story and arcade, both can be played solo or multiplayer. Story is a world with waypoints, quests, and little punishment for death in normal mode. Arcade is similar to Binding of Isaac with rooms that lock you in with enemies you must kill.Really well done game with some quality content, good mechanics, and great multiplayer. It's simply a lot of fun and also challenging. Did have some issues with infrequent disconnects and crashes, but players can join an existing session so it's not too troublesome.There's a lot of potential here, but the story mode is just too short right now. The game's really nice for early access, and as is would be worth $5-10. You can finish the current incomplete story mode in about 5 hours or less. Hopefully it gets finished in a timely matter."
76561198085740593,Recommended,269770,35249822,Posted: 27 September,all,cyrusgerea,It's 'aright.
,Recommended,269770,35173274,Posted: 24 September,all,Ezekial  🐸,This game is hard. This games development is slow. This game is one of the best arpgs I have ever played.
76561198094526230,Recommended,269770,24037165,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Straynj,Is gud.
76561198331033698,Recommended,269770,26000474,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Heno,10/10 IGN gr8 r8 m8
,Not Recommended,269770,30738285,Posted: 25 March,all,Farfetch'd,"This game is the biggest disappointment I've ever spent money on. I had done research and watched videos of the gameplay online and it looked great, kind of like Legend of Zelda meets Stardew Valley. What I ended up purchasing was a half finished abandoned project filled with glitches that hasn't added more than a cave in the past year. After playing through the 4 hours of storyline avaiable before it cuts off abruptly, I decided to give arcade mode a shot since I love roguelikes and roguelites. It seemed unbalanced and bluntly just wasn't fun as far as roguelites go. I requested a refund, and probably wouldn't have if I had any hope that the developer would continue working on this, but honsetly this just feels like a scam getting people to pay $15 for a half finished game. The boss battles were unique and there were some decent mechanics implemented in the storyline gameplay, but they don't even begin to makeup for the cons."
,Recommended,269770,21881475,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,נυℓу,How do you call yourself a PC game and not have mouse support? Most people that play this resort to the disgusting habit of the console peasantry: using controllers.
76561198021625231,Recommended,269770,31073485,Posted: 10 April,all,Furrfire,"Meh....This game is ok.Definitely overrated here on steam though.For one thing it's one of THEE most slow to develope games I have ever seen. Barely only faster then games like Starforge which quit development. If you buy this, don't expect a complete game for at least 20 years. Don't be surprised if they never properly finish either (rushed content).STANDARD ISSUE JRPG STORY?I don't personally care for the story much, and the gameplay is extremely repetitive (go into field, whack the mobs, repeat).OTHER GAME MECHANICS?They added all sorts of things to do like fishing and crafting but non of these extra things are well designed nor very fun.Fishing is annoying to do, trying to keep a small area lined up on a moving line or you lose the fish, and it's very unforgiving if catching a big fish. Probably the most uninteresting way to add fishing, even more boring then how ARK does it *quick time events*Crafting is structured in a way so that you never get higher level tier materials. You will only ever find CURRENT story progress relevant level materials, ensuring you can only ever make gear that is almost identicle in stats to what can be purchased at the store, or found as loot. There is no way to get future gear that makes current dungeons easier. Great, but, SO WHY HAVE CRAFTING THEN? IT doesn't do anything else and feels so hopelessly tacked on. It isn't even interesting in HOW you craft. Just get the mats, hit a button, done.You don't harvest resources either, the mats are just from killing monsters. Seriously this crafting system is here only so they can brag about having a crafting system to sucker people into buying this ho hum game. =3BOSSY!The boss fights are intense, and the only hard part unless you don't take time to grind for a while (Note I played on hardest)- you need to be a master at not stepping into the fire, and gear\stats is secondary in importance. Expect to die die die die die over and over again trying to learn some of these fights, especially WINTER boss. Hard mode will definitely not be for everyone here.The music was fair.The art is really high quality.Controls are fluid.My butt is acid.erm...What else am I forgetting?The roguelike mode was a HUUUUUUUUUUUGE disappointment. It isn't some random dungeons like your favorite roguelike game with exploration, oh no, it's more like playing smash TV with each room being a small arena and a few mobs to kill so the door to the next room unlocks. It's the near same thing everytime, same mobs, same pretty much everything. The only fun thing about it, is unlocking new shops and stuff in town to help future playthroughs not be as boring (hopefully).The Secrets of Grindea are not much of a secret, and this game is only some small bits of fun to me. But this isn't exactly my bag baby, what with secret of mana not being amazing to me either. That is the game this is most similar to from the past I'd say, and most people will adore this game as the very high steam rating can show you.I recommend it, only because I know everyone is less jaded then me on games like this! But seriously dev team, finish it sometimes this decade please!"
,Not Recommended,269770,22463332,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Domo,"Okay, so I've reached the end of the Beta. Figured I'd give my input.For $14.99, it was fun while it lasted, but waaay too short as you could reach the final area before you're stopped by an NPC that tells you you've reached the end of the Beta.So far I'm Lvl 20, and though I did most the side quests (only have like 3 left), there isn't much else to do other than grind and collect stuff, which is repetitive and tedious. Then again, that's what you gotta expect from a game called Secrets of Grindea, and playing the role of a ""Collector"" as they are called in this game.Not saying it's a bad game, it was fun, and it's more fun and challenging if you have friends to play with, but aside from that, it seems fairly short for its current price, as the game is incomplete, and you have to wait for more of the story to be released to be able to continue.Because of this, I can not recommend this game, because I've seen games before that are early access, or incomplete, with a fairly moderate to high price, only to eventually not be completed at all, leaving us loyal consumers in the dust, and kicking ourselves for spending $14.99 on an incomplete game that may or may not be completed in the near future.I'll continue to play it, just so I can get all the cards, and farm some items while I wait. But until then, I wouldn't recommend this game until it is fully released, and when it is, I may change my recommendation then."
,Recommended,269770,29489972,Posted: 25 January,all,Baron Von Chicken,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
76561198099415368,Recommended,269770,34855127,Posted: 10 September,all,SyNDroMe,Nice game!
,Recommended,269770,23697028,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,PentAgraM,buy it.
76561198336237661,Recommended,269770,34964380,Posted: 14 September,all,satki2pa,My favorite RPG of this century.My all-time faves: 1. Secret of Mana 2. Earthbound 3. Secrets of Grindea
76561198041681960,Not Recommended,269770,32354899,Posted: 11 June,all,tha_nickonil,okay i bought this 2 years ago now.. and its still not done.. the content that is there is okay but its not much..
76561198026424447,Not Recommended,269770,34053266,Posted: 5 August,all,Froschzilla,"I know its just a Beta  butafter 50 hours grinding with lots of cards found the storysave will end in a bug in the mainquest ->  so the story cant be completed :-(with unlimited time the ridles are far to easy, with timelimit some are impossible to do, better balancing ?"
76561198277984478,Recommended,269770,34405862,Posted: 21 August,all,TemmieNeko,"Given how long this has been in EA, I'd like to see it complete.seeing items that aren't available to use in the very first tier of abilities is a bit disheartening seeing it's been in development for 2+ years now.That being said, what is here is pretty good for EA.There's a standard ""The Secret Of Mana"" style action rpg in adventure mode, and then a rogue-lite arcade mode that seems to have more focus on it.( as opposed to the main story )The story is you are a collector, and pretty much explains it all right there - you collect loot - and you have a magical talking bag that holds it all for you ,There's different weapons ( magical, 1 handed and 2 handed )skills to go along with thoise weapons ( you have 3 hot key maps, one that is neutral, and two more you use by holding L trigger , or R trigger, and then the corrosponding button ( one of the 4 face keys )There's a sheild ( if you use a 1 handed weapon ) and some magic spells as well ( no cure or heal spell, from what I've seen so far)you collect virtually everythign from anythignm; including bits of broken pots, and monster's remains.There's also a neat little outfit mechanic where you have accesories and hats you can wear that also have an effect on the game, it's a visual equip item./Adding to this, the main character is very customizable, outfit colors, gender, hair, etc. And a multiplayer function as well ( think secret of mana)All in all, not a bad little game - but it needs to be brought out of Early access to be worth a purchase, imo."
,Not Recommended,269770,23461465,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Vape Naysh,Full Controller Support my♥♥♥♥♥....
,Recommended,269770,25451552,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Highly Recommended !
76561198166965112,Not Recommended,269770,34092419,Posted: 7 August,all,beanie77,"If you are planning on getting this game thinking that its fairly easy and or slightly challenging at bosses. This is not the game you are looking for.I only recommend this for gamers who have experince playing hard RPGs. Otherwise I don't recommend this to anyone else. Below are some pros and cons to get a idea of what the game is like and some whishes for how it could improve.+ The art style is very pleasent to look at, no harsh colors or choppy animation+ Story so far is good, especially when your at the temple and read the data logs on the walls+ Monsters are easy to find and are fairly strong but not to difficult if they're not in mobs or boss levels- Game is WAY to difficult on normal mode, which should be the base line and not be hard mode in disguise- Bosses are also insanely difficult, mainly shown in the winter level and even the beginning boss. Which should introduce players how the boss system works out, Not make them rage quit.- Healing items are WAY to rare, usally only found in monster drops which are uncommon/rare and dont heal you all the way making you panic and run- Maybe just me, but the controls are also fairly weird and challenging. I sometimes accidently minimize the game which most of the time is me fighting a boss or a mob of monsters.* MAKE A EASY MODE or make the bosses easier so you dont scare away gamers wanting to play* If multiple tries are shown in a boss that is difficult for the player, make the boss slightly easier so they stand a chance or reduce minion spawn in bosses that have minions.Hope this helps if you were thinking about getting this game or not!"
76561197983277487,Not Recommended,269770,22186797,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kinetic,"Fantastic potential!  Above average story, fun, engaging script, and likable character tropes.  The visual style lends itself well to all aspects of the game.However, this is a game where combat is the bulk of play; in its current state combat is just a little too clunky for my liking to give this game a solid recommendation.  That being said, much of player control is surprisingly tight and responsive.  The problem is that there are too many zerg-rush rooms to let skillful control shine.  Anemic character reach is punctuated by punishing post-swing recovery, and the mobs of enemies ensure that, whether you hit your target or not, another enemy will likely be shooting you in the back during your recovery frames.  Shield-block input seems sluggish deciding between whether you told the character to strafe with the shield up or to change direction to block the sword about to slash your back open.  Perfect Guarding is just an absolute mess when 4+ enemies are wailing on you.I'm hopeful this will end up a gem of a game, but right now stay away unless you're interested in playtesting to contribute to its growth."
,Not Recommended,269770,23383575,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,noxッ,"The game itself is fun, nice graphics, story and gameplay. But I can't recommend it because the development is too slow and it lacks of content.. Arcade mode is ok to spend some time, but if you just want to play a roguelike you have better options out there (Binding of Isaac for example)."
,Not Recommended,269770,22918271,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Hagrid's Bowsack,"This game needs quite a bit of tweaking.After only 2 and a half hours of gameplay, not only have I had to restart the game from the begining, but I would have to do it again because half of the quests I do break if I exit and save only to come back the next day and find out that I apparentley I already did it even though the quest is still not done.Another issue I encountered was that when I saved on my first session playing this game and came back the next day, even though I had all my equipment, all of my quest and story progress had been lost. Pretty annoying if you ask me.My third and final issue that I found was that half the time while trying to run the game, instead of loading it up straight away like my other games, it wouldn't start up. So after clicking on the desktop icon a couple times, it finally loaded up but not properly. The game's resolution screwed up my screen size and zoomed in on a portion of my desktop in a lower quality without the game even loadind up fully. The taskbar icon for the game was active but the game itself wasn't running at all. It didn't even come up when I loaded task manager and tried to end task it. Manually closing it from the taskbar didn't help either. I tried to get a refund, but of course you can only get a refund for a game if you have UNDER 2 HOURS. Pretty dissapointed because not only could I have spent my hard earned cash on something else that would actually work, but I can't even get my money back.Overall, gameplay and fighting is kinda generic and well put together, but the amount of bugs in only 2 and a half hours is pretty horrendous.4/10P.S. The resolution screwing up when booting up the game may be just my fault because of the small resolution monitor that I play on, but come on:It's a laptop"
76561197990080937,Not Recommended,269770,28214980,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,A Phooph!,"The fact that it takes 3 months just for another hour of gameplay for a game like this that already offers very little depth is exactly why I stopped playing.. It's fun, but 20 hours in you realize you have to wait months for another hour to play. Not worth it."
76561198100390447,Not Recommended,269770,26267374,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Cerdix,Is so looong to get update :/
76561198094428264,Recommended,269770,26379902,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,spaghetti boi,this game is like the first time you masturbateits really difficult but still good
76561198028122017,Not Recommended,269770,22078322,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SSKoss,"Here's the summation as quickly as i can:  This game COULD be amazing.  But it feels... like a lacunae.  There is just this huge hole in the gooey center where the peanut butter should be.  With some skill fine tuning, additions of more skills (because even for a nostalgic ARPG this is really light on what you can do besides mix and match) perhaps this game could be a buy.  I bought 3 copies of this for myself and 2 friends... and let me tell you.  That was a dissapointment.  This game MIGHT end up a gem, but for now?  This gem needs a roll in the rock tumbler.  PS.  Fix your combat skills.  As smooth as the movement is, the skills feel like you have to touch the enemy to land half of them.  Also: in multiplayer health orbs not only are actually hard to pickup due to the 1 mm hit detection, but they arent shared with the team.  thumbs up on boss fights though.  for instance, in the first dungeon I really enjoy how you presented them.  even if your gear is such dogsh*t that if you get hit a few times you get dropped.  button mashing won them... not skill placement"
,Not Recommended,269770,22754991,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Warden,Spend more time making the game and less making♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzles.
76561197995434891,Not Recommended,269770,21103795,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mister Handyman,"Game is wonderful, but once you realize there is only a few hours of game content finished, you are left wondering, that was it?Then you realize this game has been in development for many years, and this is all that has been finished. That means, i will take another 20 years for this game to be finally finished.I'll change my review once the game has enough content to fill an actual game."
,Not Recommended,269770,26577169,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Let me show you my TRUMP CARDS,"Ridiculous bad game controls, enemies spawning in your face, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pet A.I programming."
76561198023580992,Not Recommended,269770,22260176,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Wuvyou,"Combat needs some tweaks... Decent RPG but.... skills within combat are Extremely annoying to use. Even on the normal setting, still felt like rather than enjoying the game by attacking mobs.... spent most of it  running away from things and avoiding the ♥♥♥♥ out of pretty much everything because there are no Healing skills of any kind...........  Its an avoidance game considering the Facts."
76561198066232946,Not Recommended,269770,31957379,Posted: 25 May,all,Yashua,"Not recommended until finished, rly slow progress, i regret buying it kinda i feel like they never gonna finish it."
,Recommended,269770,29158718,Posted: 10 January,all,Kurumi=life,FUN!
,Not Recommended,269770,26511796,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,sandra annenberg,é uma♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,269770,31457589,Posted: 30 April,all,Jater,"It's a great game, traditional RPG, good story,  great puzzles, beautiful retro art sytle, highly polished.9/10-1 so many unnecessary combats, mobs refresh constantly even if u clear the stage once and go back to previous room, which is required for solving the puzzles. I really don't want to waste my time on those repetitve combats so I use Cheats, otherwise it's a great game."
,Not Recommended,269770,21397908,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,chuckwagon,man this game would be worth it if it had more content. it has very fun story be ends in like 1 hour. iplayed it on hard and easy mode and just wanted more. but not in the way where i was happy. more like this game isnt even a game at all yet until they release more you can do. tipical early access but in this cas very early. hope they have a bombshell of content they release in the near future. the game is very fun. thats the sad part. devs need to step it up and start makeing a much bigger game. i would switch my review if the game had more content as im sure many people would.
76561198027747480,Not Recommended,269770,30214472,Posted: 26 February,all,Dace,"The alpha version of this game is great but the developers abandoned it, so dont buy it."
76561198148307497,Not Recommended,269770,34849929,Posted: 9 September,all,chiraki,"Don't buy it as it's in development since ages. It has a lot of potential, but with this current speed of refining the game, you can really spend your money elsewhere better. I regret having bought it."
,Not Recommended,269770,21619878,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Wut Wut,"I thought about writing a long reivew but I'll just say the game is incredibly short (about 30% done according to the devs, it took me about 2 hours to beat). I strongly doubt the devlopers will finish this game. There's definitely way better $15 games on steam.Don't support devs who release half finished games."
,Not Recommended,269770,33015171,Posted: 29 June,all,Kivorkian,"First of all, this is an early access game and should be undstood as such; however the beta was pushed out in 2013 according to their dev blog.  With that said, below is a review based on my time playing the game and my concerns regarding its future development.*Note: This review does not include the multiplayer or arcade aspects and this should be taken into consideration when reading this review.1.) Visuals: 3/5- Reminiscent of Super Nintendo games such as The Legend of Zelda, Star Dew Valley and Secret of Mana but nothing new or exciting to the visual experience.- Animations are very basic but do not add to the genre.2.) Mechanics: 3/5- Follows the same templates as older SNES adventure/RPG titles and adds a little bit of depth to the real-time combat with the talent trees and progression systems but doesn't do much to seperate itself from other finished titles.3.) Sound: 3/5- Music is well done and helps to serve the landscape equally as well.- Sound Effects are basic and satisfy the requirements.4.) Story: 1/5- It's basic at best and unfinished at worst.5.) Overall: 3/5- The game isn't good but isn't bad and doesn't add to the genre.  It feels more like a rebuild of older SNES games with features picked from each to replicate what Nintendo has done to it's fans for decades (ie: selling nostalgia.)  From the visuals to the sound, the game offers little to be excited about since the story is unfinished (ie: restrictions from proceeding forward to the end of the game's story.)  If you're seeking a game that takes you back to the early 90s then this may be the game for you but expect to only get a few hours out of it before you get bored and move on.Concerns:- The dev team seems to be all over the place with no real plan for completing the game.  I say this because the game is full of features... and that's pretty much it since no single element feels complete.- Development started in 2011, Beta released in 2013, Early Accessed in 2015, Release date Still TBD... I don't attribute this to laziness but instead is a byproduct of likely poor understanding of tools, workflows and project management overall.- The dev team wants to polish the game as they go.  This means that they will have an extremely slow release cycle of impactful content since they keep revisiting and re-polishing the game over and over and over again."
76561198213055683,Not Recommended,269770,30741180,Posted: 25 March,all,onoonan04,Looked promiseing but wanst what I was expecting. GET RID OF THE SWEARING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,269770,30177727,Posted: 25 February,all,Webbe[r],"I think this game has a lot of potential, and I would rate it a 10/10 because it has been really really fun, but I have to rate it negatively because it is WAY too hard. When you first fight the Temple Guardians, thats when the game starts to turn way to hard for people that just want to play casually."
,Not Recommended,269770,24502231,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Volca,"who wrote the level design, the graphics artist??? the only reason I kept playing was because it pulls you back in with the fact that you feel empty inside unless you somehow beat the room you cried in. the problem with indie games is that they are poorly play tested, and the developers should have to test every room and every enemy multiple times to get a feel for what their game will feel like. I'm surprised they even implemented motion because they probably didn't test anything."
76561198032390695,Not Recommended,269770,31398216,Posted: 27 April,all,johberion,"Secrets of GRINDea. Should've seen it. Didn't. This game revolvs around killing everything multiple times until you get a specific piece of loot. Make a wrong turn and you have to fight every enemy again. Murder everything in the dungeon, flip a switch, then murder everything between you and the door because everything respawns when you exit/enter a room, and sometimes enemies respawn for no reason what so ever. Progression becomes a grind, getting gear is a grind, leveling up... a total grind.I really enjoyed the bosses though. Clever and challenging mechanics and all of them with its' own unique style that doesn't look like anything you've seen before. It's just a shame that every boss is behind an endlessly respawning army of boring trash that is only there to slow you down."
76561198123507148,Not Recommended,269770,29476207,Posted: 24 January,all,george.cloutier99,"What was there was good. Really good use of pixel graphics. The combat is fun at first, but gets repetitive. The main story line completely craps the bed about 5 hours in. For 15 bucks I feel like I should get more than that. Seems to be the norm on steam lately. A lot of hype. Sad delivery."
,Not Recommended,269770,29467740,Posted: 24 January,all,NasiusT,"Was looking for a rogue-like to sink, hopefully, at least a 100 hours into. But to no avail.Was really entertaining the first 8 hours. Not so much the last 5.It is a work in progress, and has potential. Although it has been in early access for 1½ years :/"
,Not Recommended,269770,18879196,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kazuki,"I was so thrilled. So many great skills, items, quests. The artwork was great, the game was wonderful. But this isn't Early Access. The game is just plain unfinished. Storyline isn't even completed to the four main quest. I'm absolutely disappointed. So much potential, and it's still on the works, and it has been so for a while (not apparent from the Steam release date, but the project has been going on before that for a couple of years). The arcade mode's difficulty needs to be tuned more adequately for the many skillsets. It can become nearly impossible and beyond frustrating for some.I don't recommend. Wait and see if it is completed, someday."
,Recommended,269770,23463484,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,r0b3rtha5a,"Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame.Stumped. Not fune, boren. Lame."
,Not Recommended,269770,18770584,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Burn them all,"Wait until the game is finished, unless you enjoy reading signs in the game with things written on them, such as, ""Not implemented yet.""Just bought two copies for me and my girlfriend and...we're both pretty disappointed to finish what is completed in the game in under a day. It's apparently been in early access for 3 months already and I don't see any deadlines or promises about when it will be finished."
,Not Recommended,269770,18207503,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Jackpot7,"Its a really well done game, but the current state its in, I recommend waiting before purchasing it. Its not done and some parts of the game feel a bit out of place with the crafting system being hard to come by or just boring grinding. Boss fights are amazing and one of the best parts of the game but is one of the only good parts to look foward to in this game.The leveling up system feels out of place and I know that the devs wanted a game where you can do anything you want with no class or items that truly make you different with others but honeslty that what makes a good RPG or even games with simular things like WoW, Fallout, Skyrim and etc, hell even Terraria does it well. So many times me and my friends found items that were just better that what we had already so having no other choice we use it hoping maybe it will help us. With No Classes thier no reason to build up to a certain classes or benifits really because at times it seems like your character is no different then the other people who play this because everyone justs goes for something thats good and only the good moves and perks making it kinda pointless when just everyone gets the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ taking the varity out of the game and really nothing to say"" I made this character to my play style or even a cool build"".Money is also Pointless at times and just used to buy junk at the blacksmith because you dont wanna grind or dont even know about the bad crafting system in the game. The crafting system is never really introduce and its just there at times not really showing you anything about it or some of the cool items you can make. Two choices that best describe the crafting system is thats it there use it or don't because you will probly forget about it or don't care.Story is good, fun and amazing but at times its like left 4 dead, by just walking from point A to point B making it really boring along with the never ending spawning of enemies that just are annoying as hell at times.This game brings alot of cool elements and amazing coop gameplay that just make it feel right. I truly want to play this game more but theres nothing atm ( AND THE GAMES NOT DONE ) that makes me want to come back with buddies and play. Its a great adventure but with mechanics that don't feel right but is not afriad to try something new but Im just not sure if it fits the game while this game trys to be more than one genre and even then it hardly fits them. Its a decent game and I see alot of potenial in this and wish that other games took risk with like this at times."
76561198134191007,Not Recommended,269770,21287188,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mikito,"This game looked good and I understand that it is a beta, but it lacks so much even in the begining. Make the enemies super easy, beyond easy and then make the boss super hard, two hits your dead. In the story mode you can't go back, so better level up before.....the adventure mode is lame. If you fail the floor you don't get to keep anything, so if you suck at the game, too bad. RPG's should let you level up to where it's beatable. 15$ it's a money stealing joke and I expected so much more. 2$ there that sounds better. Boo this game should be deleted."
76561198071419613,Not Recommended,269770,34722261,Posted: 3 September,all,Sparky mark phillips,"STAY AWAY another early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t story, developer seems to be doing as little as possible and telling a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, want proof look through the discussions, honestly i think this was a student project ran by amateurs who set their sights way to high, i'm not paying to fund your education i'm paying for a product, i have my own education to pay for. Anyway do not buy this in it's current state it is not worth your money, so many games more deserving. wait until the so called now meaningless 1.0 early access exit and then check the discussions. you'll work out the truth quickly enough. early access is a scam don't buy into it."
,Not Recommended,269770,18446176,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,andryu180,"EDIT: please do not consider this review. I stopped playing the game long ago, so maybe now there are no more lag issues.Game is good but simply unplayable right now in 4 player coop. So much lag i've never seen anything like that."
76561198080671572,Not Recommended,269770,17821532,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Fabio,"This can become an extremely great game! As of right now, there isnt enough here.The extreme lack of content in this type of early release hurts. Almost feels like a cash grab for a 15$ early acess"
,Not Recommended,269770,19544965,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Garl,"This game is beta. 'Some' bugs can be accepted. But If the game is equal to bug itself or has problems that are preventing players to move on with story line, that is unforgivalble according to 15dollar bill.this game. is fantastic. I have dreamt to play this kind of rpg for so long and I have met it. But since this day bugs got insane distturbing entire game play. every 5~10 minutes the game crashes eraising latest game memory. Major bug made quests messed up, preventing any more progress to the story line.I'm so heart breaken with these sudden issues, and sadly I am very upset with the developer also."
76561197997821723,Not Recommended,269770,17899661,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fayetal,"I can not reccomend this game because it is advertised as this intricate big ol' RPG but really its only 2 hours of content and then a sign that says something like ""This path leads to the 3rd temple and is not in the game yet"" So really its just an early access show piece and i dont see any patches in sight to give me more content, it wasnt fun having a brick wall after i paid good money for the game."
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,269770,21199204,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,eternal jape,"I always thought early access singleplayer RPG games were the worst idea.And there's a lot of them.The ones I own are Crosscode, and this.I hate this game, it has way too many RPG cliches, and does NOT feel like chrono trigger or secret of mana. It feels like a shoddy link to the past clone with terrible cliches.my opinionits bad"
,Recommended,269770,29306088,Posted: 16 January,all,saltysealdog27,ur mum gae
76561198028231082,Not Recommended,269770,25813453,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kevin,"no updates anymore. game isnt even done. it will never leave early access.edit:If your rebuttal is that they still release updates every 3-4 months, then clearly you have some form of autism, because: you took my words literally as if you don't understand the concept of an exaggeration or figure of speech, and/or you think the updates given every 3-4 months actually amount to enough content that the game will be finished and polished within a reasonable amount of time (subjective, yet at the rate this is going, it won't be reasonable to 99 percent of the consumers/customers), and/or you think the game is closed to being polished, which implies that you probably have down syndrome in addition to autism."
,Not Recommended,269770,28887497,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,黒人,meh
,Not Recommended,269770,28889280,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bogus,"I am truely fkng disgusted in this game. had so much potential. just logged in to check out any new content all i see is like ""not yet implemented on skills"" and♥♥♥♥♥♥fkn scum bag. litteraly hasnt been touched or added anything worthy since i bought like a year and a half ago.  sad cause i recomended and got friends to play and was keen it would of been like a complete game in atleast a couple months but nope fkn nothing. you creaters can litterally go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves. Happy New Years!"
,Not Recommended,269770,35200525,Posted: 25 September,all,JuicyPickle69%,U GUYS ARE SO ♥♥♥♥ING DUMB RUINED TEPERFECT GAME WITH THE MOST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ BOSS IN THE GAME THE ♥♥♥♥ING TOYMACHINE IS IMPOSSIBLE2 MANY BOMBS TO AVOIND THE TRAIN BREAK EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME AND THE BOSS HAs2 much hp
,Not Recommended,269770,19451986,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Atty,This game is not good. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hipster rpg
,Not Recommended,269770,17922382,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Juan Pablo Castillio,Its an empty shell of an rpg
,Recommended,269770,19159616,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Swarley,for me this game had me at hello when i saw its name i instantly checked it out me and a friend played for a while but then it lost content soo if you are looking for alot of game i do not recomend but for me this game was diffrent i love grinding because it gives me something to do when watching Netflix so this game was perfect for me
76561198034828493,Recommended,269770,18827675,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fushi.p,Super awesome coop!!
76561198045735996,Recommended,269770,19138574,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Beautiful Gorgeous,Totally Immersive and has lots of fun things to do. Can't wait for Pixel Ferrets to finish the whole game
76561198044420302,Recommended,269770,19140854,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Mullic Rav,"Okay, so my time says 2.2 hours, mostly for the case because it does'nt count offline time... BUT i still think being that i've gotten pretty dang far, i think i should have a say, before i start, these are simply my pros and cons upon the game, you like them, great! if not, well prefernaces are preferances! now let's get started!Pros:-Old fashion RPG style, i think it's refreshing to see old styles coming back, not lazily done either, this was actually made as such with care, sure it's a work in progress or ""Early Access"", BUT so far, can't complain too much about the game style.-graphic style, i'm not usually one for 2d pixle style unless it's either done well, or turns out like terraria, where the gameplay makes up for it (My opinion... besides, you can make you're own texture packs for terraria anyways...), but game however, has done it correctly in my opinion, given it that charm that i don't get from most games now a days.-skills, sure alot of them are'nt that ""Uniqe"", but they are pretty good, concidering you can dash foward and damage anything in the way? or leap back and slash foward? i can't complain that much!-Cards, this is actually better then you may think, No it's not part of a card game, but their permanent boost to a certain stat, or additional damage or special ability, plenty a pain to gain, but pretty good otherwise.-Crafting, not much at the moment, but i can see this going pretty well if done well.-Costume slot, Has to be said, considering i can have a full plate helm and still look like i just have glasses on, basically making my own appearance in the game? gotta say, THIS i really like...-Pets, Gotta say, i like pet's as is, but just having a jack o lantern as an option? that won me over for that detail, but to the real stuff, basically feeding you're pets, you give the xp in a certain stat, once it levels, it gives you a bonus for as long as you have the pet! (Seriosely though, Devs, Great job on the jumpkin pet, Love it, Love it, LOVE, IT...)now the cons (Note: i don't have too many because the rest are mostly one nuetrals):-YES the game is very grind-ish at times, gaining materials, certain armors, weapons, I'm just placing this here because even I have to admit that this CAN get mind numbing, BUT take note: This one is least concerning, why? The word ""Grind"" is in the title, so really... well that IS what you're getting a peice of... but to be fair, you don't HAVE to grind to get through the story, again, don't pay TOO much attention to this one.Now the Nuetrals:_Custimization: Yes i do like the costume feature, and yes i can basically make myself in real rife... for the most part, still missing facial hair, but we are playing as a young child... my point in this one is, Yes it's there, just not much of it is there at this time, which the reason it's a nuetral? ""Early access"" is why.-Armor, and when i say this one, i mostly mean chest armor appearance, basxically... it never changes, no form of changing it accept colors, i guess you could say this is SORT of a request, but a deal breaker by any means, Just a small request to let us change from simple shirt and scarf to say leather or metal armor? to appropriate to the class? robesx for mages, leather for rogues, metal for tanks? mostly for appearance, like in costumes...-Difficulty, i don't mean for the common enemies, i just mean for certain bosses it CAN be rather... unforgiving... until you find some form of work around or loopole to the boss...That's about it really, again, the game is early access, so not TOO much can be said upon it quite yet, it does look promising so far, heck, if i had friends or people to play with, or someone to help get through the story, i'de go for i9t to be honest, but any ways,  at the current time, i would give this game... 7.5/10 seem fair? for it's current status, this is in no way the final grade, but yeah for those who just want a charming, nice, Mostly friendly game to play, i recommend this plenty!"
,Recommended,269770,19045022,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,JellyTee,Only negative is that having 'grind' in the game name makes it hard for me to convince friends to buy it!
76561198071578708,Recommended,269770,19065096,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,scorpio,would recomend but no mouse controls so 0/100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000nvm 8.5/10
,Recommended,269770,19052220,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Fraxl,Great game!
76561198085600611,Recommended,269770,30606635,Posted: 18 March,all,UnoriginalLobster,"this is a nice game for the price and stage of developement it is in if you want a good rpg then this is it, it is clearly influeneced by much of the legend of zelda and you can catch some cheeky references aswell if you pay attention to it as you play and it has some nice comedic value aswell."
76561198080263894,Recommended,269770,18983912,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Daborgon,Amazing plz update it it will be a hit so much fun highly recomend
,Recommended,269770,18900990,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,✪ D33Mo7ion,"WOULD BE GOOD IF THE MULTIPLAYER WORKED GUYSEDIT: Resolved issues, now theres nothing to complain about (Y)"
,Recommended,269770,19022788,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,shackhabit,fun
76561198040338210,Recommended,269770,18811658,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SLK,I LOVE THIS GAME. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,269770,18962138,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Horo,"Well, played a decent bit and I can see my self playing even more. ALOT more."
,Recommended,269770,18962143,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jonrei,Its like Dark Souls but you fight bunnies instead of hollows
76561198066711535,Recommended,269770,18979368,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Carry Me Plz,"Btw, there's no grinding unless you want to."
,Recommended,269770,19072853,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Nandaba,"Game is amazing. It plays like a Legend of Zelda/Terranigma sort of classic ARPG. The story and characters aren't super compelling, but are good enough to keep you involved in the game and not detract from the gameplay. Your talking item bag sidekick is great, though. The music is amazing. The combat system and level-up systems are great, there's a lot of customizability for how you choose to play the game. Lots of the options for combat have great synergy between them, and there are no class restrictions to skills, creating a sort of mix-and-match build system that feels really fun.The only negative disclaimer is that the game definitely isn't finished yet. The content runs out 5-7 hours into the game right now, smack in the middle of the plot. If unfinished content isn't your thing, I would recommend waiting for the game to be completed before buying."
,Recommended,269770,19075720,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,✿ Yunny ✿,Cute!!!!
,Recommended,269770,19299973,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BlindingLightVR,"I have been looking for a great RPG that just felt right for the longest time. I have found it, if you miss great ARPG's from the day like SoM then get this right now!"
76561198181928666,Recommended,269770,19369423,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Melroseshadow,Secrets Of Grindea is good:311/10
76561198049866315,Recommended,269770,19412082,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dis Lexic,"Oh dear god, I love this game so much! The campane is awsome, the story interesting, the characters likeable and its got references comeing out of the ears. I will say this though, the arcade mode is hairtearingly hard! And I love it! I've lost count of the number of times I've died to a Rabbie, slammed my head on the desk, gritted my teeth and turned around for another go. Buy this game and support the Devs!"
,Recommended,269770,19437200,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zaroc,"Everyone who enjoyed The Legend of Zelda (escpecially the ""older"" ones like A Link to the Past and Link's awakening), Secret of Mana, Secret of Evermore, Illusion of Gaia, and so on, will love this game. It somehow reminds me of all those games at once and the childhood memories connected with those games. It's simply beautiful. The game is also funny at times without appearing too immature. Cheers to the Devs. They really deserve to get a extra coffee (that DLC lol)."
,Recommended,269770,19364689,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Linker,A really good game and I thought first that 15€ would be too much from this.It's not.I definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,269770,19444997,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Spookster,"A very solid game so far. I feel the bosses are particularly well-designed. Also, it's hard for me not to enjoy a game that themes one of its first areas around Halloween.With something like half of the map still inaccessible, I'm defintely looking forward to further developments."
76561198257517654,Recommended,269770,19543023,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,everitt,"Man I feel dumb.I Was told this game had straight up multiplayer, like just joining others in groups and so on without having friends who own the game.I guess I should have read the description first, its just the idea of a secret of mana like game with a nice controller support was excellent, but as a single player game I'd rather be playing mana.PROS: Excellent skills and abilities system. Simple and effective gearing system, nostalgic feel, cool areas.CONS: this game could be really fun if it had an online multiplayer player matcher or something, just something that can put players with eachother when they are roughly the same level and progress in the game, this would give a sense of community within the game. I'm not great with puzzles, so I've given up at a few points to go play arcade."
,Recommended,269770,18348046,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,RetroValdis,very addicting!
76561198219210051,Recommended,269770,18329054,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Prince Cheeto,amazing
,Recommended,269770,18336363,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Litoeon,awesome and hard as hell....
,Recommended,269770,18335056,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Max,Take four swords and add RPG depth.
,Recommended,269770,18362906,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SE4LS,"Currently, I'm about 7 hours into this great game.  Talk about a refreshing one! Lately, I've been having a hankering for some nostalgia, but at the same time I really didn't want to play something I've already played before. This game was able to satisfy both of those aspects for me. While it is still in beta, this game actually really stands up for itself! Customizeable characters (hair style, hair color, skin color, scarf color, shirt color, and pants color), hack and slash, level up system, upgradeable skills, crafting, clever dialogue, addicting gameplay, and difficult bosses keep you addicted as you realize you've lost a few hours of your life. No ragrats!"
,Recommended,269770,18272130,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,SumBohDee,AMAZING GAME BRINGS BACK THE LEGEND OF ZELDA FEEL
76561198025063869,Recommended,269770,18344066,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,BACKUP DANCER,awesome
,Recommended,269770,18450187,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,BananaMan,This game is amzing for people who enjoy a relaxing legend of zelda esk gameplay. The adventures are very funand the puzzles can be very chalenging. I love getting the bait for pets and trying so hard (I can be a Try Hard) to get the pet. The story line is very cool and the skills are great too. I can't wait till this game s out of beta and finished.
76561198012623882,Recommended,269770,18463847,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Chaplain Gaunt,fun as all hell
76561198195119749,Recommended,269770,18464072,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,WUBBZY BUDDIE 09,i love this game but when is the alpha coming out?
,Recommended,269770,18315571,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sapience,"This game is really great. Do you remember what it felt like when you first fired up Zelda: A Link to the Past? Were you a kid then? Did you have this sense of adventure and wonder as you didn't want to put the game down and complete the content? This game really captures that feeling.Everything in this game feels well done, professional, polished and not amateurish which are rare attributes in a lot of green-lit games. This game is worth $15 right now and will be worth more when they add additional content. In fact, I hope they add a significant amount because there is at least one dev on this team who knows how to make games and it shows.If you're on the fence but you liked and played SNES games, just get it."
76561198028004126,Recommended,269770,18316141,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Meowfurion (Marty),"Terraria meets Zelda meets Secret of Mana meets Final Fantasy meets WoW.  I haven't had this much fun in a game in ages. Absolutely love the little magic system. Replayability, fun mulitplayer...THIS is exactly what I was looking for and I didn't even know it."
,Recommended,269770,18316266,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,faster and faster these days huh,Secrets of Grindea is an awesome RPG game.The fights are fun and hard.This game can be a little grindy tho.
,Recommended,269770,18314881,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,argost,This game is great!Love Secret of Mana and similar games? This game has a lot of the gameplay feel with modern additions including multiplayer! Spells! Skills! Crafting! Housing! Pets! Awesome combat! Good writing! Grinding for rare drops! Wonderful and consistent art and animation!Please buy this game so the developers get more money and push out more content! We finished the current content in ~10 hours and need mooreeee! (There is also Arcade Mode but Story Mode so far is amazing!)
,Recommended,269770,30543390,Posted: 16 March,all,drummerjack7,"Very good and clean game. I would highly recommend playing the game with a friend as it is fairly difficult and requires lots of team work. The story is very fun and reminds you of old rpgs like Legend of Zelda. The atmosphere and music of the game fits perfectly to the story and provides an amazing element of nostolgia. My only gripe with the game would be how short it is, but I'm willing to wait for more as the dev team is a team of two working endlessly to make the game perfect. Overall a 9/10"
76561198140837841,Recommended,269770,18259494,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Icetee300,"I very much love the game, there is not a lot of problems and its a great story. But the lil snow golem i maxed him out and sometimes and enemy glitches him out and starts to get a lil choppy and won't attack. Not sure if anyone else found this out but its not that bad of a problem. I also love some of the puzzles mostly because you ACTUALLY have to think about it, and my friends tried multiplayer and some of the bosses there..... very challeging i won't say any of them because spoilers but dang some get hard. You have a good game so far i just hope you dont do something to ruin it like some games do."
76561197994686268,Recommended,269770,18286453,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Faldain,This is a game for people who liked to play secret of mana.  Its still in development but there is a lot of potential for the game.
76561198001097292,Recommended,269770,18305850,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,bum198,Early access impressions:This game is fantastic! Absolutely recomended to people who love old school jrpgs especially secret of mana.  While i still feel the graphics of secret of mana are superior  (grindeas are gorgeous though) grindeda  actually lets you cast spells without pausing the game and offers online multiplayer which is great.  Since the game is early access and not everythings done yet you may be thinking ill wait for them to iron out the bugs.  While the whole game isn't available yet bug free thankfully they have given us the option to play stable or frontline. stable is obviously bug free and frontline lets you go farther but with bugs so you can play how you choose your style.
76561198018856360,Recommended,269770,18298523,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Blackmarsh,"THIS GAME IS GOOD, IT HAS BAGS AND FAIRIES and SANTA"
76561198046008617,Recommended,269770,18268986,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Ryooku,"I can throw my two handed sword at enemies and then have it fly back to my hands. This is THE BEST USE OF A TWO HANDED SWORD EVER!! 10/100, gold star, best game ever, would throw again."
,Recommended,269770,18389791,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,alfblack,"I like it alot. Zelda like action rpg. Writing is good, times funny. .. Game mechanic is good. It is classless so you can build your own hero. Gameplay is good. I like the roguelite addition. I like the collecting aspect. They have pet system (still in its infancy .. 4 pets so far). Rare card drops that give you boot effects.Unfortunately it is still in early access. Story is not yet complete. Skill balance still need some work (2handed seems underpowered due to lack of gear progression).BUT, I am super excited for them to release the next part of the story. I still cant get enough of it.Might roll a new character focused on magic now.  Unfortunately 4 magic combat types to choose from (fire, ice, air, earth).. then there is the incomplete support magic."
76561198066366389,Recommended,269770,18464849,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Brezelfürst,its ♥♥♥♥ing perfect just buy it and have fun ! ^^
,Recommended,269770,18261910,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Insert_Name,Really FunBuy the Game
76561198036299767,Recommended,269770,18478599,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,HaruFrost,I really like the game play and everything. However my main issue is i find Normal too easy and hard too hard. My point really is I like solo playing alot but the feature of having to hope for health drop is too stressful. I neither want to simply crush the AI. I would really like some type of health potion of some kind. So the solo player can pla hard with having to worry about lossing mutli staged levels.
76561198056120490,Recommended,269770,18543536,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,monkfunk,"Ever wanted to play Legend of Zelda Wind Waker as an isometric rpg? No? well nobody likes you, the rest of you normal people however should already be throwing your wallet at your computer"
76561198095036099,Recommended,269770,18533497,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Spifro,"This game, to put it simply, is amazing. The animations are smooth, the storyline is enticing, and the combat, surprisingly, is quite interactive.The ability to pick and choose whichever skills you want with no restrictions really allows you to create your OWN character. There is no ""optimal"" skill set, you just find the one that works for you. The game is extremley challenging on HARD mode, requiring players to strategize on every single fight; giving you a great feeling of satisfaction after clearing a room. Speaking of feelings, the gameplay intertwined with the storyline does an outstanding job at provoking feeling within you. Satisfaction, anger, happiness, confidence, sorrow; it's all there. Of course the game isn't complete, but I am sure that upoin completion the game will take players on an emotional rollercoaster, which will leave you saying ""damn, that was a great game""The developers constantly update their blog, so that players aren't waiting for new on new content for extended periods of time. They've even bothered to include special dialouge which will let you know when you have reach the end of the stable/ frontline beta (for the time being). And, of course, there are plenty of witty comments that you can sense took time and effort from the team.Pros: EverythingCons: Not complete yetI'd have to say, aside from some very slight bugs (which I am sure they will fix) this game deserves a 10/10.If you're looking for a game with classic graphics and modern mechanics, this is the game for you. Buy it. You will NOT regret it."
,Recommended,269770,18497378,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,anime girl,"Amazing for what it has so far, the boss battles take skill and strategy to defeat (I had to redo some many times), the item crafting system is a good idea and the open-worldness feel about it really make me enjoy the game.There is still a lot to add on to it, as the story is very short as of now, and it has a lot of potential.Can't wait for the full game to be released!"
,Recommended,269770,18558349,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zorm05,Great game! So much fun and every new update make this game better.
76561198039368427,Recommended,269770,18581779,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DragonXKnight,I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!!!
,Recommended,269770,18680090,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Stormbringer,"Have really high hopes for this game when it is completed. It's a tough game, highly grindy (obviously), and caters to some pretty specific players, but I think those players will definitely get a lot out of it.8/10"
76561197981140190,Recommended,269770,18667832,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,conduitcore,looove it
76561198084751920,Recommended,269770,18560188,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,VanillaFrog2,Great game 10/10
76561198082498540,Recommended,269770,18538199,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ACE-THIEF,This game is everything i loved about runefactory. With more freedom in skill sets and better puzzles this game makes up for it being not yet finished. it has graphics and sounds that bring all my memories of the classic Zelda games.
76561198049755896,Recommended,269770,18549440,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mr.Daragana,"Add me friend list,then we can play like a team :) game is exselente :)"
76561197986254032,Recommended,269770,18578232,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Bosni,"If you need you secret of ... Fix look no furthe, this game has you covered."
76561198115559230,Recommended,269770,18644897,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Taco Daddy Dre,one word . . pixelgasm
,Recommended,269770,18668623,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BLAZE,I definetly reccommend this would save santa and fight a toy making machine again10/10
,Recommended,269770,18704180,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,smb,Arcade mode it´s awesome! BUY IT
76561198069414895,Recommended,269770,18696810,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Hathan Blake,"It has not taken much time for me to grow a soft spot for this querky, yet extremely cheesy game. I adore the storyline, the enemies and a lot of the NPCs (with exceptions to some slightly lazy characters). Please get this game and play it with your friends. This game may not seem like the most difficult or skillful game to play, but it requires smart thinking and good fighting skills to overcome some of the more difficult situations. Fun puzzles, many cuteness, fun co-op.Progress is looking good so far, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,269770,19849433,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,eternal.sessionxiii,"Absolutely charming game that's all about customization via.....grinding. Story mode and arcade mode are both available, but as of 12/22/2015, the story mode only seems about 25-35% done.Still worth playing if you like to collect stuff. Basically you just collect stuff. Like, all of the stuff."
,Recommended,269770,19786611,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,IAmTLaw,A m a z i n g   G a m e
76561198125128862,Recommended,269770,19978709,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Spongy16,Secrets of grindia has a very zeldaish feel its very fun and not easy to 100% with lots of things to collect craft and kill this game shows real promies for early acsses.
,Recommended,269770,19988581,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Velcitoty,A great early access game with lots of cool features. can't wait for more story. 9/10
,Recommended,269770,19988014,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dirty Dan,"Fantastic little Zelda-like. The animation is really rather good and very charming, and the writing is a lot wittier and amusing than I was expecting. Gives me good Dragon Quest kind of vibes. My only complaint is that character appearance customization is very limited, though your skill customization is INSANELY varied. A ton of fun by yourself or with friends. Also very stable for an Early Access game."
,Recommended,269770,20014196,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Triggerfisk,"Delightful high quality retro RPG. Feels satisfying and easy-ish, but has a high skill ceiling. The grinding is optional in a very  natural and enjoyable way, appealing to the completionist or to the attentive player who might want to craft a couple of things along the way to make their life easier, while being entirely possible to just brute force through the storyline and ignore all the pesky reading. Hard mode is *actually* hard, at least at the bosses, and so is Arcade mode which is really more of a roguelite."
,Recommended,269770,19850416,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ronan,"Secrets of Grindea is an over-head 16-bit style RPG. It implements features like skills that you can upgrade, which allows you to choose what role your character takes (Melee or magic, or both). The devs seemed to focus more on mechanics and gameplay rather than storyline. But, it's not all hack-and-slash, there are puzzles through out the game, some that you have to complete, some not. The combat is good in-that you can't just spam the attact button since that'll probably get you hit, the game kind of forces you to utilise skills that you've chosen when in combat, which is a good thing because it keeps the player on their toes and makes them think about what their next move will be. Overall, I'd recommend it to anyone who likes these sort of games and not just games like CoD and CS:GO and even though the game's in beta, it feels like a completed game."
,Recommended,269770,20245731,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Araddeer,"This is a great little game. It's not completed yet, but the animations and gameplay are fun and solid. The character portraits could use some work, but that might just be my personal opinion. I haven't played the game with anyone yet, which is something I would really like to try. Being that the game is still in development, it's not very long. I'm hoping the game will be much longer when complete."
,Recommended,269770,20273597,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dark Ace,"Very fun, yet simple game thats easy to get into."
,Recommended,269770,20518302,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Korovamilkbar,"We were searching with a good friend of mine for a game to play with... came across this. Bought it: Best Decision Ever.Did oversleep the day after, was late for work, almost got fired. Totally worht it!These guys deserve credit! (or cash...)The gameplay is nothing special. the Graphich are resempling the realy old RPG-s like FF I-II and alike. The humor of the game is extraordinary, the parody of all Anime/Manga and old RPG cliches is really good!Aaaand you have online/lan multiplayer co-op for up to 4 ppl... that is something special these days, as most games alike are local co-op."
76561198254561338,Recommended,269770,20514678,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,aiden3471,"It's a brilliant game, brimmed with homages to the old school JRPG classics. But, it has one fundamental flaw: it's incredibly difficult to play without friends. Though in a modern gaming environment such difficulty is welcome, and playing with friends is what makes this game great, scaling difficulty to the number of players would be welcome.However because the stage at which the game is in development, these can be forgiven as long as there's hope this issue would be rectified."
,Recommended,269770,20390103,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tibby-san,"I absolutely love this game, I play it a ton, all I do it level up my characters. I hope to see more hair styles soon. Hehe like some more long hairs for both genders. Wavy hair would be cool too. I love playing coop with my sister and my Fiancee.  Thank you for making this you guys! :)Also, I'm planing on buying the Soundtrack, I really love the music. :D"
76561198119595600,Recommended,269770,20432340,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,-=Hunter Darksoul=-,I have a friend that we played together on this but then now when ever he started it up he gets a black screen and has to restart is computer. Anyone got a way to fix?PS: I say yes because the game is epic but i think no because my friend
,Recommended,269770,20426924,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Doelloos,"Reminds me of Earthbound, Zelda and also Ragnarok online (porings, cards, character builds)You can play the storyline solo/co-op and arcademode solo/co-op, these are random maps increasingly stronger enemies.PRO:Nice maps with good ""old-skool"" graphics.Lots of fun things/jokes in the storylineSanta splits in 6 mini, talking inventorybag, etc...CraftablesDiverse skills, so you can build different characters.Ingame puzzles and secrets (steam rewards)Freedom of roaming around and grinding if you want (not needed)CON:No way to find random friends.game not finished, or maybe thats PRO ;)small world, so far"
,Recommended,269770,20455477,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Spike,"Uno de los mejores juegos que juge desde hace tiempo tiene todo lo que se necesita de un juego inclusive estando en early beta, tiene un sistema de crafting muy bien logrado , un sistema de quest genial , secret places, puzzles bastante jodidos. MvPs con mecanicas excelentes. La verdad no puedo mas que darle un 10/10 a este juego. Ademas tiene el modo Arcade que vas avanzando pisos hasta que moris y luego las esencias que conseguis las utilizas para el nuevo run."
,Recommended,269770,20704612,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,www.arjun388,"Basically it's one of those game which would have been a hit if released on the GBA  and NES consoles. I love how I can use different attacks as well as switch weapons as fast (though I would love if i could just toggle weapons with the same button,I play with a CONTROLLER,I haven't tried keyboard because I've known epic failure).Character customization is great and vanity items thankfully exist, not that i don't like the carrot sword but i'd rather have a wooden one. Surprisingly but still great and I love it, no classes like warrior, sage, mage, shaman,etc. just a free-lancer with all kinds of abilities, so make the most of it and become a unique class of your own. I'm not much of a 'craft' person but I have to admit it will take you far in the game, though I think we need more craft-able objects, I don't think you'll do ALL of them, but the material is fairly easy to procure given your 'grind'ing in the whole game. Side activities are plenty and good too( i still grinded more than doing them but they are definitely not boring, its a time to time thing).If you love the 90s versions of zelda and sword of mana. You will definitely like it. Although it's not completed yet Arcade mode is still something to die for literally in-game, something you can't miss, the story mode so far makes me feel like the updates are not enough, I went through the story but just couldn't get enough of it. I'll probably start from scratch and grind my way through the story again.I would definitely consider buying story-based dlc if ever put out in the market.Gameplay and features is all that matters to me and I got the best of both of it without the need or urge to have to m0d it like in more popular games,same genres (it's a compliment).I highly recommend it, don't download demo, buy the game, like I said, if you love zelda or sword of mana you won't regret it."
76561197980251131,Recommended,269770,20681156,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Zakreble,Awesome Game!
76561198147538900,Recommended,269770,20545691,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,{WiZaRdLy BdAnG},"This game was in early access in 2014, then was released onto steam 2015... It's a great game overall but the game was released in 2014.... A little scary BUT A GREAT GAME. It has good graphics, the battle style is very smooth and theres yet to come from just looking at the ""upcoming"" content in the menu. Theres quite a bit of locked content for now that says coming soon so thats what I'm excited for. This game is for the skilled and I'm not one of them. Died so many times already playing on NORMAL. Try changing the controls up that really helps too. This game is amazing and I can't wait to see what comes out later!"
,Recommended,269770,20505354,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Outplayed,"I like RPG games, so this one is no exception.For me, this game is basically Legend of Zelda and Diablo Had a baby.There are quite a bit of nifty little detail in the game that makes this game different from others of the same genre.Even though the game is in beta, it already feels like a completed game, excitied to what the devs will add into the game at its full release.Love this game.Will buy devs coffee, when I have time."
76561198093916249,Recommended,269770,20570676,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dukespookabuns,10/10 i got sassed by a talking bag would play
,Recommended,269770,22873663,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Turfy,"Absolutely astounding, the arcade mode is very challenging and very fun. The story has lots of good puzzles and is also very fun, very much worth it."
76561198031850557,Recommended,269770,22878615,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Abusaad,Ok this is strange...I am so addicted to this game.what an amazing lovely game
,Recommended,269770,22853639,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Zangelix,"One of the best games I have played in years, Love the detail and subtleties that make is very fun and enjoyable!"
76561198155259791,Recommended,269770,22729300,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ThePandaMan Gaming,"Love this game, reminds me of the old zelda games, loved them. Best game ever."
76561198018505090,Recommended,269770,22725387,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,KiLLeR,Path of exile and Legend of Zelda had a baby and its called Secrets Of Grindea. 10/10 customization of characters. 10/10 puzzles and gameplay mechanics. all around a great game even i got to the end of the stable version within 9 hours i can say i enjoyed every minute of it including the many many deaths i had during some of the craziest boss fights.
76561198004785234,Recommended,269770,22725758,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jhonario,"I will preface this by saying I JUST started playing the game to determine my first impressions about the gameplay.  I did this on purpose so that I wouldn't be distracted by all the fluff in this game.  There is, as you can already see, a very pleasant and deliberate art style.  It's inspired, of course, by the tested and established Zelda franchise.  The gameplay also feels a lot like Zelda.  There are other inspirations from SNES-era RPGs, of course, but this is the most salient to talk about - and I'll explain why.When I say that this game feels like Zelda, I mean that in that it's both limiting and pleasant.  The walking speed is just about the perfect speed to be neither too fast or too slow - it's just pleasant.  The attack length is neither too much or too little - it's just pleasant.  At the same time, Grindea suffers from the same sort of creative stagnation that Zelda's combat had.  There's about 8 types of swords, 8 types of 2-handed swords, 1 bow to my knowledge (really, devs?).  To be fair, this is about the same level of variance that Link To The Past had in it's weapon variety.  But, if you're expecting a modern pc merging of Zelda swordplay and Diablo lootgrabbing, you will not find it here.  There's plenty of the former, none of the latter.  Even Secret of Mana - which you're undoubtedly going to compare this game to - had a more robust combat system where you had to time weapon swings and charge attacks... AND YOU HAD DIFFERENT WEAPONS BESIDES SWORDS!!I want to be clear, though:  I am enjoying this game.  I'm going to be playing it.  It's too early to tell how good the skill tree is - but I can already tell that levelling up is EXTREMELY satisfying and rewarding.  There is huge potential in this game.  I just really hope that the devs can stop being held behind by LoZ:LTTP and just let their imaginations go - or that the fluff and story make this game worth it."
76561198153436037,Recommended,269770,22709374,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Cindy,"I have no life because of this game, I need MOAR.WHEN IS THE GAME COMING OUT, I AM SITTING HERE DOING NOTHING.xoxoxo-Cindy"
,Recommended,269770,22653989,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GamingWolf,"Secrets of Grindea is an RPG with real time combat like Zelda,and is fun to play with or without a friend,which is really rare on RPG with MP games.Pros:*No class restrictions (you can be a fire mage with a cloud and a ice friend protecting you,i'm serious)*Puzzles,LOADS of puzzles,and you will need some time to think about some.*Character creation,not much to talk about here,move along.*Regions. They can vary from a city to a spoopy forest,and they are all fun!*Combat,mixing skills,making awesome combos,and crafting another weapon to be stronger,REPEAT!*Pixel art is great!*The Story. The characters are lovable,and with time you will change your opinion about some,also,there's some plot twists here,funny jokes there,and TONS of sarcasm.*Cards,or Monster Cards if you like,are rare drops from enemies,if you got a card from a enemy,it will give you a random bonus and a cute artwork from the enemy you killed,which is ALWAYS a plus in my book.*Soundtrack is good*Balanced (at least on normal mode),like the Yetis are MADE to tank your attacks,and some other enemies are made to be annoying.*Easy to connect to MP through Steam and AWSOME controller support.*THE EASTER EGGS!!!!!! I managed to find a Triforce near the pile of gold in the flashback sequence!!!! :D*You can replay bosses to get more loot from them,well,everyone but...Cons:*You can't replay Winter's or the Mt. Bloom boss fights,I mean,the Winter boss was one of the most fun boss battles I ever saw,even if it didn't drop ANY loot,I would be playing it for ages,not for the Mt. Bloom boss fights,but they could have some extra loot and the replay feature anyway :|*GRINDING,and i'm not a fan of it.It's not just walking in circles to begin a battle,you have to kill ALL enemies in the room to spawn another wave of enemies,although this sistem is great,it's boring to get the action going.*The crafting system could be improved,like seeing the item kinda faded away,because my friend thought the ''red emmiter matrix'' was a calendar,that's right A CALENDAR. And there's not enough recipies...*Not even at level 10 (max level of skills) my Frosty Friend could kill a Rabby in 1 hit,and a Rabby is the second enemy in the game,and it has ≅ 120 HP.*The cards are just TOO rare to make it fun to grind,and it's based around luck too,so just to get a Jumpkin card,I had to stop my playthrough over how boring it was to get a 0,5% of card drop,to try again the other day :|*The ''character portraits'' (the picture that appears when you talk to a character) are bad,they aren't pixelated,witch isn't that bad for itself,but they look more like a photo that has been glued there,the quality is horrible too.Final Veredict:9/10It's a really fun game to play alone or with friends,if you like an ARPG I would recommend buying it.It also has a Talking Bag...Did I say there was a Talking Bag yet??"
,Recommended,269770,22784679,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dadraina,"Absolutely love this game. I wasn't sure, at first, if I would like it though. But once I started playing? I can't stop! I keep creating new characters so I can start fresh when I get my friends to start playing. Been telling people all about it! So ready for more to come out, but understand that it takes time. I'm just so impatient!!! Noticed a few minor glitches/issues, but completely understandable due to being in beta still. If you are joining someone else's game, you have to from the get-go (meaning: before they even start their game: thus at the invite screen when hosting a game). You can not jump in mid-game or there will be issues (screen freezing, health bar stretching across screen, screen resolution messed up, major lag, unable to charge powers, etc). Also, if you are joining a game and you are fighting monsters from/or in the Haunted Forest, you get X and Y (what look like coordinates) in your text/chat box. A little upset over the chances of getting a card, but that makes me play the game more TO get cards. Overall though, I HIGHLY recommend this game for others. It may be in beta, but with the amount of game play time and the story line/plot and just how much fun it is... it's totally worth it! Please! If you're even CONSIDERING buying this game, please do! It's worth it, I promise! Plus, the more people buy the beta, the better it helps the developers/builders of this game. GO PIXEL FERRETS!!!!"
76561198107353954,Recommended,269770,22771294,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,RapidTortuga,"This game is amazing. When I first saw it I was little skeptical but once I bought it, and started playing I loved it. The ability to use my xbox controller on an indie game (and very fluently) was really amazing. I am able to be a fire warrior or a ice archer, or anything I wanted to be. 10/10 worth the 15 bucks."
,Recommended,269770,22650765,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Link,"Pretty good game, would be cool to co op with random people but still got a friend who plays it as well so least I can do some co op. Can't wait for more content to be added in."
,Recommended,269770,22652523,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Big Gay BBQ,"Awesome, and slightly challenging game to play with your friends. Would reccomend to anyone."
76561198178802730,Recommended,269770,22734187,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Ninja03,All I need to make this game one of the bast is to have local co-op.
76561198119611734,Recommended,269770,22715604,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Conrad273,"The artstyle is gorgeous, the story is great, and the variety of weapons, and skills is wonderful, this game has everything I love in an RPG and more, those of you on the fence about buying this game please get this game as it's amazing."
76561198058483983,Recommended,269770,22600063,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,DaBlabber,"10/10 i could literally play this game forever+Art style is fantastic+combat system is great+plenty of skills but none seem repetitive or overpowered+even grinding is fun-Not enough crafting recipiesUnfinished but still good, i havent tried multiplayer but its probably also good"
,Recommended,269770,20904217,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,H.U.N.K.,"Bought the game, learned about /respec, /setlevel xx and /skillpoint. abused the h*ll out of 9999 EP.jokes aside what I would like to see in this game is a Endless dungeon for story mode characters. Also random spec'd weapons in that dungeon [recoloured weapons an items if developer gets lazy but need stronger weapons for /beastmode on]. Arcade mode is a blast and the story is fun. The art work for the NPCs is alittle dodgy but it adds to the games flavor. Its just after you get as far as the story will let you, arcade is the only replaiblity after you collect everything. Great so far and has a sh*t ton of potential and i can see it going far. One thing i have been talking to my friends about is a trade system and a strafing when attacking. I just really want an Endless randomizing dungeon you can access in the story mode characters. for now i'ma just farm the gifts and presents with /beastmode on.Last note, possible steam workshop for this game? allow modders to add mode balanced weapons and equips. possibly maps and dungeon out side of arcade mode.Edit. some hit boxes are off as well"
76561198274294443,Recommended,269770,20885614,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,c.prenda,It's good. You play it and have fun. So buy it.
76561198126066853,Recommended,269770,20874859,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Unreasonably buff bird,Amazing and wonderful game! cant wait for what they add next ive fallen in love so quick with this game
,Recommended,269770,20864473,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,zeusrulz,Grind all the things!
,Recommended,269770,20893079,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Korix number 1221513615252775484,Amazing.
76561198030454552,Recommended,269770,27979263,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr.Crazy,hella good
,Recommended,269770,27956960,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sean777o,"This game is very promising. It may be early access but don't let that deter you as it has tons of content to keep you interested. If you're a fan of games like Final Fantasy, the Legend of Zelda, Fantasy Life or other similar RPG games you'll find joy here. The 4th Wall is something it likes to smash down quite often as you'll come across many Easter Eggs and reference, one being the Triforce laying on the ground or a character mentioning ""/"" commands. Secrets of Grindea knows it's a video game and uses that to it's pleasure since it allows it to make tons of jokes. Heck you start out from a town called ""Startington"".The characters are also quite pleasing to meet. Your father has a backstory and a driving motive that I find interesting to explore, as you plung further into the game his past is opened up to a point where you realize you aren't the only character of importance running around Grindea. The games controls seemed odd to me at first but I later came to admire how well they work. The arrow keys act as your movement while Z & X are your sword and shield. You have items and skills linked to the A,S,D,F,G,Q,W,E,R,T keys which can each be rebinded. I tried to change them around but I find it much more comfortable to use the defaults.I definitely recommend this game to any fans of RPGs and in-game collecting."
76561198022290902,Recommended,269770,27639728,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sandan,"Secrets of Grindea is a promising one in the category of early access games. It's got lovely art, good controls and a solid story that doesn't take itself too seriously. In terms of gameplay, a comparison to secret of mana seems fair: The fights are very dynamic, you can always move around freely during the fights. As your character progresses, you learn new spells and attacks which you can select with a buttons press from your quick-slots mid-fight. Attacks can also be charged.There is a fairly standard equipment system.Aside of the main storyline, a lot of NPCs will ask you for help in various ways.The strongest point of this game has to be, undoubtedly, the multiplayer support. Playing the campain with a couple of friends gives off a really well-crafted feel. The arcade-mode can also be played with friends.The creators of the game maintain a devlog on the games homepage. So far, there is a lot of activity on there."
76561198027869689,Recommended,269770,27915506,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ellebo,"For the 5 hours I have on record, this game left a much bigger impact. The movement, leveling and group based play were so fun I check back for updates regularly. The content at the moment is about how long I've played ( I may have fished a bit longer than necessary). But the developement is consistent, well tested and always a treat to discover."
76561198110776099,Recommended,269770,27812578,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,That 70s Guy,"Brilliant game,this game really pulls a shovel knight, it takes all of the best parts of a lot of old games and combines it into one amazing game. Nice bits of humour too."
,Recommended,269770,27776434,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zhye,"honestly this review is just for the badgegood co-op game though, buy it if you have friends to play it with"
76561198057139618,Recommended,269770,25297017,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,NOISEf,"i bought this game thinking it was like secret of mana.I do not regret buying this game. At first it can be a bit hard on casual player like me but it is easy to get around. The controle are great and fluid (recomend a gamepad). No class you build you player the way you like and this can give many way to attack and cast spell. So far the puzzle are great as well.The down side is that there is no healing potion or mana potion but mana charge back farely quickly and some foes drop health.I totally recomend this game.Early access Game...so far i don't see anything missing, did not find a glitch or a bug so far."
76561198138439974,Recommended,269770,25039261,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,noamstero,"This game is really good and it has a lot of potential. the style is great and all the game mechanics feel smooth. my only problem is that this games style does not always fit the dialogue. this lighthearted but surprisingly deep game has had a few curse words in it. I was a little shocked because I did not expect that at all from this game. I would appreciate if those were removed before the official release, but the devs can do whatever they want. that is the only problem for me. everything else is great so I give it a 9/10.EDIT: After a little longer of playing I have realized that the boss fights are amazing! They are very difficult but not so difficult that you don't feel like you are making progress. I get just a little farther every time and that makes me want to keep trying till I have worked myself up to the point that I don't want to do anything until I beat the boss."
76561198135647516,Recommended,269770,27488922,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rebel 94,A very difficult game for one or more to play. A must try for those looking for a challenge!
,Recommended,269770,27397091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PANZERKAMPFWAGENSCHAUDENFREUDE,"Tropes and references ahoy!Game still in early access but it's still fun. Lovely soundtrack, beautiful pixel art, fun hack and slash gameplay with a fair amount of freedom with skills and equipment to develop the kind of character you want to play.The makings of a good story (again, EA), and a surprising degree of difficulty that had me retrying boss battles many times. Oh, and lots and lots and LOTS of items to collect and grind for. It's called Grindea for a reason.Keeping an eye on this one, I have high expectations for it."
76561198066795810,Recommended,269770,27457166,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OverLoadShining,Next Update Plz
,Recommended,269770,27392413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lunatocia,"After Having sunk my school nights into this, I can definitely say that while the updates are slow, the game is charming, funny, and very replayable. It is all that it tries to do, and the dev's respond to player suggestions and complaints as well as taking their time with this gem of a game. That being said it does have a few funny glitches, but I suggest you find out yourself. all in all? 11/10-This game stole my soul (and heart,... and guts,... and a few other vital organs)"
76561198161301098,Recommended,269770,27399090,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GoPunchAWalrus[ßŦ],"Love this game. reminds me of the old Legend of Zelda games but multiplayer, the nostalgia is real."
,Recommended,269770,27419462,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rebelboy,"Even tho it is still in production, I love everything about this game. From the story to the customization.definitely a game worth looking into."
76561198020698760,Recommended,269770,27514402,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RyJW,A fun little game. It's like playing Legend of Zelda but with level up system and a costumizable character (melee / magic)
76561197989127022,Recommended,269770,27496888,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cadock,"Pretty fun game, if you like this style of game then you wont be dissapointed."
76561198027279341,Recommended,269770,27115036,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,~Mustbehell~,Nothing better then killing hordes of the cute and fuzzy for the limbs need for crafting. :D
,Recommended,269770,27336184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Quich,Well polished for an unfinished game. Only complaint would be that it is tricky sometimes to figure out what you need to do.
,Recommended,269770,27369797,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kazanshin,"Great co-op game! It's still not completely finished, but it's a blast to play. No classes mean you can create your own custom classes with options that you think go good together - like my frost assassin. Probably one of the best co op games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,269770,27391713,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darkforge,"This game is worth playing, and it would still be worth playing even if it winds up never being finished. Even with significant portions of the game awaiting implementation, Secrets of Grindea is more well polished than many, perhaps even most, AAA games are at release. The developers also clearly communicate what they're working on each week, an unfortunately rare practice for Early Access games. If you want to experience the story start to finish, without delays, however, you should probably wait for the full release."
76561198113737580,Recommended,269770,19881138,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,WeIrD MeMs,This is my favorite game of 2015 no doubt I absolutely LOVE this game it's really good as a matter of fact this game is the best indie game I have ever played and trust me IT'S WORTH MORE than 15 dollars! This game has not been finished yet however I love it and I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who loves fantasy and magic.
,Recommended,269770,20000062,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Republican Jesus,"Tight controls and a solid aesthetic make this game easy to jump into.Combat is slightly twitch based. Precision blocking is rewarded and many of your skills can be charged up for greater effect. Difficulty isn't derived from ridiculous controller-based stunts but instead from tight positioning and timing requirements.That being said, bosses provide just the right level of challenge and punish you severely enough to making mistakes.All in all I give it an 8.5/10. Great game, if you liked SNES ARPGs like Secret of Mana and Legend of Zelda you will love this."
76561198176232643,Recommended,269770,20000573,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jbot1324,this game is the best 10/10
,Recommended,269770,20019456,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ZeuZ_aka_THUNDAAAAAAAAAA~,"Fun gameI really like it but sence this game is still in EA (Early Access) and it takes a while for updates/new quest to come out i thought mabey you can have a quest that is really grindy so while we wait for the new missons and areas to come out we can level up our player and get stronger and the quests be so grindy like actuly having to kill 10,000 pumpkins and get half the EXP bar full or somthing or get 20 apples in 10 minutes and other things like that so when the next part of the story comes out we dont have to grind to beat that part wewould have already done it but ither way i give this game5/5 water bottles"
76561198029796360,Recommended,269770,20335348,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lury,Zelda + Secret of Mana + Chrono Trigger + WoW xmog system (cute version) = Secrets of Grindea10/10 indeed
76561198027191826,Recommended,269770,20330740,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kamster,"If you played and enjoyed any game of this sort as a kid, you'll love this. It is oldschool as ♥♥♥♥, the bosses are a lot of fun and frustrating, just how you want them to be in this game. Its great in multiplayer, the music is original and memorable, the skills are a lot of fun to experiment with, you won't regret buying this.That being said, I do hope for more depth and some new features / areas / quest lines in the final release of this game.Overall rating: 9/10"
76561198000521977,Recommended,269770,20613387,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Charlie_CrackahJax [music],"This game is hands down one of the best 15 bucks I've spent. It's fun and quirky and has plenty to do. Everything feels well polished. At one point I found myself saying to myself, ""This is a really well made game"", which is great considering most  games now-a-days are fairly unplayable. It isn't finished yet, which excites me that soon this game will have even more to offer. 10/10"
,Recommended,269770,20597475,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,deathmatch,"Best indie RPG I've played so far. The game isn't fully completed yet which is a shame but, the current content is definitely fun. I really REALLY like the art direction especially in the dark forest. It's got good writing too IMO. So far so good."
,Recommended,269770,20611270,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,????????,"I recommened this game really hard, it is very very entertaning. but the bad part is, the game boss's are way too op, maybe im bad at the game, but to me this game is fun but monsters are too strong. You die basically in a few hits. PEASE THINK BEFORE BUYING IT"
,Recommended,269770,20607568,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BlueSourSquirrel,"10/10, I loved playing this RPG for many reasons. I fell in love with the characters, the plot is easy to follow, but interesting at the same time, the colors and affects are amazing, as are the puzzles. The only thing I don't like is how short the game is.  would love for it to be finished, and no longer a beta, because I got as far as you can in it, before you can't do anything else. Great game, should get out of beta soon"
76561198033926804,Recommended,269770,20621390,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,XepherC,Cant wait for full release!
,Recommended,269770,20616111,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,RillyBoss,This game is an blast! 10/10. It has inspired me to get back into programming.Must buy!
76561198199257855,Recommended,269770,20620383,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,agentwilf,"I don't typically write reviews, so forgive me if it's a bit sloppy.I love this game. Everything about it is awesome. While it is short if you play the just the story, but its in the beta so more will come. The game takes the real time fighting if A Link to the Past with the leveling and class building of Final Fantasy and blend it into a game that when finished, will be a masterpiece. But hey, that's just my two cents."
,Recommended,269770,20383801,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Achi3ve,"Cute, easy going game with depth. Possibility to build a character with a nice leveling system. Got a Zelda and Secret of Mana feeling going on that really spoke to me. Very captivating. Looking forward to more content!"
76561198202263343,Recommended,269770,20376784,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Rustboro City,"A blend of scott pilgrim and Diablo 2Note: This entire review is from playing story mode by myself. I haven't tried multiplayer and arcade mode I've only tried a small amount, so realize this isn't the most complete review.Pros:The game has an action rpg feel with it's talent trees and skills that is like diablo 2/torch light. There's alot of depth here for you to customize your hero into a full warrior or a mage or a hybrid of the two.The retro look makes it seem easier to pick upAs you go deeper into the game the boss fights become more challenging, to the point where I can almost guarantee that you'll die by the 4th or 5th bossThere's a crafting system that reminds me of dragonquest XIII, it's pretty dope. You take misc. items and you combine them to form stronger swords, shields, etc.Cons:The story seems like a parody of other games, many bosses are references to old games and anime like a gundam boss and things similar. And the title of the game itself, Secrets of ""Grindea"", is a reference to grinding, or hours of constantly doing monotonous tasks in mmorpgs in order to get something. Many of the cities like EverGrind are references like this too. You can definitely see where the creators drew inspiration and they take alot of time to give nod to that but I also wish that they'd take their own story and lore a bit more serious. Admittedly I haven't really taken the time to read much of the chat boxes but that's the impression I get from some of the bosses and atmosphere.Some of the spells feel lackluster at first and I find myself constantly respeccing my hero.Would I recommend it?I would to someone who's already a fan of a scott pilgrim beat em up or like diablo 2/torchlight type of action rpg or someone who's into games like the older zelda games like link to the past. For $6-$10 I think this game is well worth the price. There are promised updates with more dungeons in the future which I'm really looking forward to. I'm only level 13-14 at the time of this review and not even close to finishing all of the content, there's definitely enough content and grinding to keep a player in the game until updates arrive."
,Recommended,269770,20481717,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Cat,"Really good RPG game. LOTS of grinding to do, stay away if you don't like the grind!"
76561198080887817,Recommended,269770,22327747,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hunion,where should i begin with this gamefirst you have to know THIS GAME IS NOT FINISHED THERE ARE ALOT OF THINGS MISSING FROM ITnow this game is multiplayer and i have played it and  even with out friends ths game is still fun no matter what some people say you start out with nothing and then continue on and become really strong the one part i like the most of the game is the  talking bag its so funny at times and it makes me laugh.edit: this game has been out for a year but it still is not finished but it stil is fun to play back often10/10 would have a blonde friend that cant solve puzzles again
,Recommended,269770,24225324,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,คุณแม่ของสติฟเลอร์,good game !
76561197988488433,Recommended,269770,24226200,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zorander,"Great game, but after one day see the end to the content is coming soon. Developers hurry up on the story mode content! Think you have started something great please finish it!"
,Recommended,269770,24788401,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,swiftvixen_@twitch,"I love this game, please check out the demo. The boss fights are insanely challenging and loads of fun with a group of friends. Experience it for yourself (="
,Recommended,269770,24828881,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,IGGY,"I liked the game. but when i quit the game and later start it again i need to do al the quests again. its wierd, i keep my levels and al my stuff but my progress is lost. i was at the winter elder boss but now i need to do everthing again. i hope this can be fixed fast"
76561198144339096,Recommended,269770,24814112,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,wifgcandy,"Games great, would love it even more if it could do local Co-op."
76561198042284548,Recommended,269770,22822235,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DenzStrife,this is amazing cant wait to see the full gameReminde me a lot of legend of mana on ps1buy it play it enjoy it and talk about it this game deserve attention!!!
,Recommended,269770,22836046,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,yackaze,Great Game Mates
,Recommended,269770,22453842,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Alaswing,"The only thing that i dont like from this game is... that is too short cause is still beta.The game is awesome, i love the way of fighting, the way of leveling, and it makes me love grinding again!as a fan of grind games, like every final fantasy game, or any other rpg i recommend this game 100%dont be fulled by the graphics, they are awesome too!"
76561198222434756,Recommended,269770,22420989,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ronald McReagan,Gud game 11/bees
76561198272063888,Recommended,269770,22439013,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,God,I recommend this game for the people who really like indie games with a great plot line and with a sense of adventure. I say this because I have played through the frontline beta for it and i really do enjoy it. The creators are super nice and awesome people and if yo have questions just email them and they will most likely respond like they did for me.
,Recommended,269770,22439023,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,harloweshannon,"Great game, though unfinished (obviously). I've put 6 hours into it and I'm at 33% completed. No matter, they've done quite a bit with what seems like a simple interface and mechanics.The animations are excellent, the bosses are tough, and there's enough to the leveling system to keep you interested, though it's not incredibly deep.  The maps aren't huge, but I'm not sure if this really works against the game. It says what it is right there in the title, and you don't need endlessly huge maps to grind endlessly spawning mobs. The story is mostly cliched/cheesy but it's hard to write a good story that isn't, these days, without it just being absurd or abstract, and besides--you don't play a game like this for the story. There's enough cartooniness and action to make it all work.Overall, worth it!"
76561198060436566,Recommended,269770,22410714,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Moffatt,"im just going to post a comment on how i think the game is and there is going to be some heavy feedback to the game creator.The game looks really nice i love the style they went with. the themes of the areas are weird since there is an halloween area and x-mass area so for me thats just outdated and kinda lazy to put in since its really easy to think of and really easy to make. The enemies are cool n all but they get a bit challenging if you dont grind alot to get lvles and rare drops. the dungeons are fun with puzzles and all. The bosses are fun to play but can be a bit frustrating if you get mad easy. there is not alot of replayability on the story since its the same quests over and over again. The arcade got more replayability but not so much since its really easy to die because you dont get alot of ways to heal yourself and the nurse is a damn ripoff, shes way to expensive to use but i guess that adds to the difficulty. the classes are extreamly unbalanced since 1-handed sword is the only good option if you want to do dmg, the mage needs alot of EP for the tiny amount of dmg the spells are doing since that are the only source of their dmg, they take alot of dmg because of their low armor and doesent do enough dmg for it to be worth putting your points in to. The 2-handed choice is a bit better but still underpowered since the 2-handed weapons only do 10 more dmg than the 1-handed and hits 3 times as slow tho they can hit twice as far as a 1-handed weapon wich is good for a small amount of enemies like a plant or smt. later into the game your sheild becomes to important and it breaks way to easy if you dont get a perfect block. The pets are kinda useless atm you need to fish ALOT if you want to get a tiny bonus from it, for me the pet is just in the way since sometimes i think its an enemy and just hit in the air xD. The items are cute and themebased i dont have anything against them tho the crafting system is pointless aswell in the current state of the game since you need to farm a good amount for the items when you can just get a better item in the next area.i think i got everything that i wanted, i got nothing against the game its really fun if you got friends to play with and the fact that you become a cute ghost when you die is an awsome addon. i recommend that you try the game if you have at least 1 friend to play with, i look forward to uppdates and buffs to the underpowered classes.This game at it current state get a 7/10"
76561198013994481,Recommended,269770,22682685,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Korektor,"A perfect mix between classic Diablo and Secret of Mana. There's a LOT of content. Definitely a work of elaborate love and attention. Dialogue can get a little corny at times but it's worth suffering. I couldn't wait for it to go on special, and now I can't wait until it's finished. Definitely worth the 15 bucks."
,Recommended,269770,22685379,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mysterymeat,"For an early access game it's insanely great. Litteral Epic animation, fun fighting mechanics, cool enemy designs. And above all else, it's very addicting.The only CON's i could think of while playing was that first off, the graphics aren't that great, and sometimes gives of a little bit of a Facebook game vibe, and second, there's not much content to it now.So if you like what you've seen from screenshots and videos, and don't mind sticking around while more content roles in, that you shoulde definitely buy this game."
76561198144740179,Recommended,269770,22649368,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SebBot,my one handed ice mage will rule this world carnt wait until the next bit of the storys added
,Recommended,269770,20944375,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,warnock23,"Amazing game with a great story so far, the optional front line beta is great too, would recogmend to anyone new or old gamers. ((accept a certain boss))"
76561197986008927,Recommended,269770,20892204,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ronald Ulysses Swanson,reminds me of zelda and secret of mana for snes. would buy again
,Recommended,269770,20917878,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ctwoods8,"This game has all the great features I enjoy about a game in one. customizing your character, crafting items, choosing how to level up your character with the different skills, side quest along with main quest, pets, collecting cards that increase your characters stats. and that one guy's laughter is funny. also i have never really been much into dialogue with certain games, but this one is pretty funny and it has a pretty good storyline.Hightly recommend this game :)"
76561198088910774,Recommended,269770,20857044,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,THECIBERDRAKE,10/10There aren't a lot of pixel rpg on steam that are good but this I loved I wish there were more like this!Anyone wanna play co-op on thisAdd me I've been wanting to play co-op but none of my friends have this game....
76561198238840412,Recommended,269770,20860011,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,pc_master_race,anyone want to do a multeplayer of this game with me if so friend me
,Recommended,269770,20791448,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mightyjor,Amazing game. Can't wait until it's finished.
76561198077591870,Recommended,269770,21088676,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kloger,"I love this kind of game. Secrets of Grindea is great, the story, the mechanics, everything. I hope they complete it soon."
76561198006177672,Recommended,269770,20155316,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Drayne,"The combat feels great, this story will make you laugh hard, and its not bad to look at. I regret most of my early access buys so much so that I had stopped buying early access for about a year. This has been one of the best games I played in a long time. While is is not finished the work that they presented gives me the confidence to say that this will be a indie great once done."
76561198122820930,Recommended,269770,20726957,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lim,8.7/10
76561198168833125,Recommended,269770,21043312,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,HentaiLover68,Game is so good c:
,Recommended,269770,21020394,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Newt,"Amazing game, excpept for the lack of content."
,Recommended,269770,20654546,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,DParse,"This game is excellent but suffers some problems.Secrets of Grindea is a Zelda style action RPG with levelling.Edit: Originally I had a paragraph here stating that the game is way too hard, but then I learned that I set the game to ""hard"" when I started - so to complain about that would be dumb :P. The next paragraph still stands though, regarding some of the hard parts of the game.I think this could be remedied with a pretty simple fix - another branch of magic that lets you heal/buff. The game has no health potions, so you're at the mercy of health drops from enemies.Also, it suffers from a lack of content. This isn't a hard negative - it's still in early access! From the looks of things, the developers have a ton of content planned. As far as I've gotten though, there are very few side quests or optional dungeons, and not a lot of equipment variety.Probably the most disappointing thing is that, after I started a multiplayer playthrough with my friend, we don't both get Monster Cards together. Loot in general is shared evenly (in Round-Robin sharing) but monster cards take so long to get that it is very very disheartening to not get one when it drops and your friend gets it.My last negative point  - the soundtrack is only mediocre. Lots of games these days have phenomenal soundtracks, so you almost expect it when a game hits ""Overwhelmingly Positive"". I think this game can get there - but the soundtrack isn't helping. It's not bad, but it's not good enough.But the positives. Oh man, I could go on and on. So I will.The first thing is the graphics - it's BEAUTIFUL. Some of the best pixel art I've seen in years.  Your avatar can be customized with a ton of different styles and colors, and they all look great. Every enemy and character is gorgeously animated . The environment is amazing. This game is just overflowing with great visuals.The gameplay is a TON of fun. Combat is great with a few snags in my opinion. The skill system lets you pick whatever skills you want first, with 4 different magic elements and physical skills to choose from. There's a good amount of variety in builds and if you have (quite a lot of) money you can respec all your skills. You can stagger enemies and get bonuses from precise shield blocking. Sometimes if you attack too quickly, it eats your input and you just stand there, so that can be pretty annoying.You have a bottomless bag (No inventory management! 5 Stars right there). Enemies drop stuff ALL THE TIME and its really satisfying to collect it all. And there's a ton of stuff to collect. It's a grind-lovers dream. You can refight bosses to get their rare drops.  Every enemy in the game has an ULTRA-RARE drop as well, which can be fun to farm for.There's a crafting system that lets you build new equipment with all the drops you collect. IMO the game needs more mage equipment - I still only have 1 wand, from the beginning of the game.There are so manywell-donemechanics in this game - collecting things is a blast, refighting bosses is excellent, there is a challenge arena, good variety of enemies. It's a ton of fun to play and I can't wait for the full version to come out.All in all, I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes RPGs or the Legend Of Zelda series."
,Recommended,269770,20739139,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ax3l,I've been looking for an old school action RPG for awhile and having one with a very self aware story is refreshing. Being able to play with friends online is great.
,Recommended,269770,20741646,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Devoted2Mercury,"Secrets of Grindea looks and plays exactly how you expect.  The Zelda / Secret of Mana like combat and burgoning core story is intersting and hits all the right notes.  They don't take themselves too seriously either with some good laughs in here.  The amusing characters are total tropes, but done well.  The combat excellent and the skill tree is extensive and easy to use.I tried the free demo before purchasing the game myself.  With no risk, give this one a try.  Secrets of Grindea is a game worth your entertainment dollar."
76561198062727354,Recommended,269770,20749969,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MWMWMWMW,This game is supa HOT jus like PEPSI!!!!
,Recommended,269770,20751989,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mrmeower855,Stop reading this review and buy the game!
,Recommended,269770,20750803,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,SANDVICH,"10/10.got characters from Robin Hood and ""I Mummidalen"" (Norwegian lads will get it).better than fnaf worldaddictive as fk.literally help meh dudes.HISSSSS"
,Recommended,269770,20924946,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Atlantin,This is a great game. It reminds me a lot of Secrets of Mana from the SNES. It's great fun to play with friends and even just run around killing things. One of the greatest parts of this game is the crazy amout of collectables there are. I just finished my first play though with some friends and we're going to do it again with different weapons. Couldn't recommend it more10/10
,Recommended,269770,20983704,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Billy Mays,"Incredible game with a ton of character. I've only played a few hours, yet I feel like I've gotten my money's worth."
,Recommended,269770,20886338,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,aaaaaaa,10/10
76561198175732806,Recommended,269770,20960137,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Quinn,"I like the game and it's style very mcuh, although I would prefer if it were to have a huge update rather than little tid bits of story that makes it so there really isn't much story."
76561198024412986,Recommended,269770,20952894,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ultimate Granis,If you're a fan of Legend of Zelda or Illusion of Gaia then this game takes the cake! Haven't even tried the multiplayer but I can already tell this game is a must for anyone wishing for SNES classics!
76561198044191761,Recommended,269770,21212300,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,KooKSlamS,"I must say im not into rpgs much but I am into some and i say some rogue like rpgs and I heard this one was a good one so me and my friend decided to try it.  Im not to far through the campaign being I just completed the first main story ark mission but let me say for an early acsess game it seems very polished and also the gameplay is incredibly fun.  The screenshots of this game dont do it justice especially considering when I first saw the game I didnt like the art style and thought it would be boring.  Now after saying that it is a really fun game to play with friends the talent customization allows you to feel like you can be a mage tank no just say a mage or knight, and having controler support makes the game so much more fun.  I would say anyone who plays alot of co-op games would like this even if you dont like rpgs that much its just feels like a nice relaxing break from some of the bigger co-op based games AAA titles like borderlands."
,Recommended,269770,20826777,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,~CSP~ Cyrade3000,"This game flew well over my expecations, i was expecting it to be very similar if not the exact same as legend of zelda but it came out way better! Really recommend this game to everyone, and also you can play with your mates in story and arcade so it amounts to some awesome fun!Even though there is only 2 temples available at the present time of development the story is still intriguing and lengthy as i was hoping.Cannot wait until the full version comes out and will be playing the updates and new story features as they come out in future."
,Recommended,269770,20865718,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Fuzzy_Dice,"I found this game a little while ago on some out of the way site and I really liked it, even though it wasn't developed past the introductory first boss battle. When I found it here, I was pleasantly surprised and immediately was interested, thinking ""I wonder how much has happened when I wasn't looking."" What I found was 8 or so new bosses and a ton more background and detail. I bought the game, already half knowing what to expect, and my idea that this game was a good one was reaffirmed by the update. It's a good game, with puns and lines that make you kind of cringe in the way of, ""Oh why would you say that? That's just...no, just...no."" The gameplay is good too, with a unique playstyle that I haven't heard of before (though, that's not saying much), and a nice little challenge that you could spend some spare time doing when you are looking for a nice adventure. The bosses are various, and, in some cases (*cough* Winter *cough*cough*), the bosses take quite a few lives and not a little amount of patience. The characters are unique and have a little bit of background, and if you are expecting some dark twist, then you will be disappointed. Some of the advanced mechanics are a little troublesome, but they come with time and practice. You will also eventually have to learn how to cluster enemies or just plain run away to get breathing space, as enemies are prone to try to trap you, or just plain overwhelm you. However, in the end, it's a game in progress, like so many great things once started as, and has started off beautifully, and will hopefully grow and flourish into something worthy of praise and awe like so many games out there, like Undertale, or Minecraft, to name a few. If a few of you do not match my opinions, that is fine, everyone is entitled. Anyways, I recommend this game, as it will go far, and if you blink, you might just miss its growth to success."
,Recommended,269770,21139636,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,EvelynEve,"This game is super fun. Obviously still a work in progress, but wonderful overall. I love the card system and have farmed for hours to collect. I can't wait for new updates."
76561198133143116,Recommended,269770,23635425,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,<color=orange>cresent orange,This game is amazing. i have a hard time trying to find games that i realy enjoy but secrets of grindia realy hit the nail on the head and its only in early acsses which means there is still more to come
,Recommended,269770,23688746,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Iivaitte the Alchemist,"The people that created this game clearly understands what made some of the retro prgs great classics.This game manages not just to look like a cheap imitator with pixelated graphics to appeal to nostalgia, but rather it's a game with a very solid feel to it. Retro in likeness but refined to have better controls than most.Ill admit my nostalgia took me for quite a spin with SoG, reminding me a bit of some of the later made 2d zelda's as well as alttp as well as final fantasy.If you have played these types of games in the past then you know what you're getting yourself in for and I can highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,269770,23699607,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Magicpaper1337,"I love this game, but the time it takes for them to update is about as long as the update it's taking for NEStalgia.. Okay not that long.."
76561198293913694,Recommended,269770,23614638,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Betonnit,Amazing game
76561198173266813,Recommended,269770,23672476,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,murphy,"A amazing game all in all. The gameplay is great, the arcade mode while angry inducing is a great way to improve your skill. The only thing it really needs is a co-op mood on a single game."
76561198141223094,Recommended,269770,23591239,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Christiandcb777,"A good in progress RPG with a okay story, but great cast of characters. With good player custimizability of skills and attacks, leaves a variety of possible builds to make. Hopefully devs will continue to progress the game."
76561198056872534,Recommended,269770,23608655,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Floseidon,Awesome Game... But when is there going to be new story/content coming out?
,Recommended,269770,23556746,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ScarredCrucifix,"So far, this is a really great game. Engaging, fun to play, addictive. I have blown through most of the current quests pretty fast. I am excited to see this game become complete. Definitely recommend if you enjoy many of the old SNES-styled games."
76561198261055353,Recommended,269770,23556753,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,seba939293,Loved it from the first few minutes. Spend an hours trying to defeat bosses but was worth it. Sad it is not full game because story is great and very exciting. Looking forward for the next part  of game. Also I wish there would be more equipment items to get from mobs.It is early access but was worth buying it!Don't give up! And do a better multiplayer option as well because I don't have any friends to play with XD
,Recommended,269770,23556782,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BoGJimPew,"Well what can I say, this game is good. Lots of cool mechanics and upgrading your skills and talents is very rewarding.The game is like Secret of Mana and Zelda had a COOP Multiplayer baby. The baby grew up to be EPIC and FUN!The story is also very cute and funny and the charactors are quirky and unique.Overall the game is great and funny and even better to play with friends. Check out my lets play with my Girl friend (Blantent plug)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLvA3XTghVw"
,Recommended,269770,21354019,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Brian Darnok,"Looks awesome so far. Really makes me nostalgic. I feel like a little boy once again. :)If you loved stuff like the early rpgs (in my case Pokemon), it just has the right feel to it.- Soundtrack is awesome.- Controls are a little unusual. Works like a charm using a gamepad.- I like the asthetic of the game. Usually I don't like game with this kind of style, but the whole package just fits.Will update if something changes about my feel about the game.Update:Updateschedule seems to be a little slow at the moment (at least for the normal releases).The DevBlog is active none the less."
76561198083340491,Recommended,269770,23510028,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TanookiCom,"This game so far is fantastic. Runs amazing for a beta, is filled with content and depth, and is becoming one of the most promising games to play on Steam. I highly recommend this game if you and your friends need a new RPG to play. I can't wait for more content to become available and this game to complete."
76561198042564599,Recommended,269770,23514389,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,PalindromeRose,"What we've seen so far is great, and I look forward to 5 or 6 years from now when this game might actually be nearing completion, but seriously, SoG is pretty much the definition of everything that's wrong with Early Access. lolI mean it's still a fun game, and worth it for the price, but man it is taking a while."
76561198076333546,Recommended,269770,23009922,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Elsien,"Secrets of Grindea is an amazing experience single player, and even more fun with a friend... or 3!With a playstyle similar to The Legend of Zelda: A link to the Past for SNES, the game is familliar to old school gamers. The aestetic appeals to a wide variety of gamers young and old. The gameplay is fun, very addicting, and will have you trying different character builds, and *Grindeaing* for every item, card, and achievment in the game!Story mode is fun and with amusing and quirky dialog at times.The highlight of this game, and the greatest challenge, is the Arcade mode - where you try and compete for the top single run score in the world by adventuring through room after room, floor after floor where the environment, monsters, and bosses reflect the story mode progression. This is no easy task, and will have you coming back run after run to upgrade your camp and gain more perks to give you the edge you will need to reach #1!!All in all, if you like simplistic action rpgs with puzzles and rewarding combat prowess, then just BUY this game.The best part is that at the time of this review - the game is still in beta and is not even fully complete - but still worth every single penny, and then some!"
76561198097814980,Recommended,269770,23113160,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zuusz,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,269770,23119005,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rachelde101,"I liked this game alot, but after I went into Mt. Bloom and finished it, I was on to Tai Ming, right? Well, no. They wouldn't let me go into the darn thing. Well, thats ok. Ill just do a ton of damn side quests. I recommend this game though, because it is BOSS! play it now!! xD"
76561198299888081,Recommended,269770,23018286,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Umi_Okami,"Good god this game is hard by yourself! May be because I'm relatively new to PC games and suck with the keyboard, but god damn. It's like a bullet hell sometimes!Still fun to play. It's a good stress releiver when you're just out in the fields hackin away. I hope to get my friends into it."
,Recommended,269770,22988701,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,StrooLooMan,"This charming RPG shows alot of potential, as only about half of the game is finished at the moment.The characters are funny and likeable (even the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) and the combat and graphics are simple, but still enjoyable.The game is even multiplayer, now if only I can get some friends to buy this game/"
76561198014988750,Recommended,269770,30786153,Posted: 27 March,all,Drizzt,"Game is still in the works, what I have played though, this is a solid title.  The rate at which content has come out is pretty slow, but this is a small team working on it from what I understand."
,Recommended,269770,23447293,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Klaus,I love this game!
,Recommended,269770,23413281,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,KDLizzy,"Great game for what is there, can't wait for another installment to be added."
,Recommended,269770,23531698,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Profile name,No other game comes as close to a 'multiplayer Zelda: A Link to the Past' than this! And if I'm wrong please correct me by providing a more relative title. May your inner hero of time kick some serious evil butt!
76561198079556513,Recommended,269770,23529987,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ArrogantBadger,10/10 Super fun to play with friends
76561198305746188,Recommended,269770,30492071,Posted: 13 March,all,Zabúza,If you are one of those people who love RPGs then this is the game for you.You can play with your friends you can pick diffrent classes like 2 handed 1 handed and magic.You can upgrade skills to make them stronger and theres these things called talent orbs so you can upgrade you damage/magic attack/attack speed/defence/etc.you can get your own room to place cool objects in.a lot of items/bosses/quests and the story is quite good.BUT JUST REMEMBER THIS IS STILL IN BETAcan you imagine how good it will be after beta!!
76561198166113023,Recommended,269770,30478962,Posted: 12 March,all,Hungry Walrus,I just realized the true spirit of this game. You can play RWBY characters!
,Recommended,269770,25121116,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,allhollows415,Exactly what I've been looking for from a modern 2d RPG. It blends old school aestheics with modern depth. 10/♥♥♥♥ing 10
,Recommended,269770,25214927,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Stella!,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. And it's not even finished.No wonder it's taken so long for the small (3 person) team to develop. Every inch of this game is beautifully designed and animated. The dialogue is fresh and interesting, and actually funny! The combat system is fun and allows for a surprisingly deep amount of customization and specialization particularly in coop play. The monsters are all unique and have well-designed AI and combat patterns.The story and the world is the best part. It's completely immersive, colorful, and filled with life. Very few games, even AAA open world titles, create a world that you want to explore as much as Grindea. A sense of adventure is in the air. One thing is clear. The developers have made this game with LOVE.To any old Maplestory players: buy this game and when you finish it you'll have TWO games that will physically pain you to remember because nothing will ever feel the same."
76561198040349286,Recommended,269770,25157791,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,D3V1LB0Y,Reminds me of Zelda link to the past.
,Recommended,269770,23411261,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Flow,FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
,Recommended,269770,25563823,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ManaZg-,10/10 please finish this game!!!!
76561198101389239,Recommended,269770,25561724,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ZDeHart,I love this game you will too
76561198010294756,Recommended,269770,25520314,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,redhawk39,"Look, it is just fun, what else can I say? Makes me remember the times when i first played 'A Link to the Past' and any of the SNES Final Fantasy, and those were darn good times..."
76561198117824416,Recommended,269770,25550065,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Gorilla Panic,I've already beat it... I sincerely hope this game will be 'completed'...  ...
,Recommended,269770,25487976,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Galody,"So far I like it, I haven't played very far into the story but what I've played I've enjoyed. The game looks great, runs smooth. Combat is fun, isn't hard to learn, and gives you a plenty of different spells and abilities to harm your foes with. Arcade mode is frustrating but a blast with friends, it is what I have spent most of my time on in this game. Early access titles are risky but I don't regret this purchase."
76561198035365543,Recommended,269770,25569880,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Har,"It's a great game, especially in coop, the only drawback is how slow it is to update."
,Recommended,269770,26297426,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Paradox1906,I love this game so much.Reminds me on Secret of Mana on SNES and i loved it.
76561198075594735,Recommended,269770,25853346,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Obaka,"This was a great game! It is still Early Access and it seems like some of the features are not implemented yet but it is really fun to to play with a friend. If you, just like me, played older pixeled games when you where younger that nowdays fill you with warmth and nostalia then I can really recommend this.If you want an unforgiving mode then you should try out melee class on hard. It is pretty short right now but the developers are still working on the story and are developing the arcade mode. For now you can just support their work and have a great time, while doing it!"
,Recommended,269770,26217046,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Mirarara,"Great game, the update is real slow though, and the game is not completed yet.Wouldn't recommend to try it until this game is completed."
76561198074822419,Recommended,269770,25046854,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,UStillDontWantMy341,"Do not play arcade mode.  The hit detection is horrible and the boss order is ridiculous. You could build around the items you find, play perfectly, and still die to a horrible hit box (i.e. Giga Slime).  If you must play this game play the story.  It's very well written and the game is actually fun.  Obviously, being a demo, there is content still being created but it's worth the wait.Again, stay away from Arcade Mode.  I would rather play Dark Souls than play Arcade Mode.  Have fun!"
,Recommended,269770,25035523,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Justin Bieber,"10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE---------------------------------So I bought the game on the 18th im pretty sure and already have 30 hours into it on the 20th.I have played story mode and honestly have loved every part of it. The farming in this game is unlike other games that ruined farming. The spawn rate ramps up and realizes you are grinding.Going for 100% on story mode is insanely fun, and then going for S runs on arcade is the ultimate challenge. I can see hundreds of hours of play time potential. Especially with the steady stream of updates."
,Recommended,269770,24751134,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Atori,I am loving the game. ^^
76561198125462961,Recommended,269770,24703131,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,My Beard Holds Muh Lunch,"Well, I picked this up thinking, I have some time off and don't want to get too involved in anything and this seems like it could fit the niche.  I'm not positive how far into the game I currently am but it's been about 5 hours of entertainment ( i've actually been more entertained in the past 5 hours than almost my entire play through of Fallout 4).The ""STORY"" my gaming jesus  so far the little tid bits of what i'll call lore for now, are spaced well and very attractive to anyone who likes story heavy games.  The way the story is being told and the humor is very satisfying.  Giving you enough slack to enjoy bashing in enemies faces while at the same time being 100% ready to get right back into whichever quest you were up to when you decided to stop and ""grindea"" few levels out ;D .The ""ART STYLE"" is fairly simple and ""old school"" classic indie.  I can't complain though considering it allows all varieties of computers to play it aswell as not degrading the quality of the gameplay itself.  They also do a decent job at making the variants of objects reasonably refreshing in their surroundings.The ""COMBAT MECHANICS"" aren't overwhelming, timing is key, patterns exist in most cases (which typically require a decent amount of focus to manipulate). Although the spell casting can be very frustrating with keybind locations.  Personally I would avoid a heavy attack magic play (unless they format it to work more effectivly in the final game).  Overall it feels pretty fluid.The ""CHARACTERS"" some of them are steriotypical but they fill the rolls they hold very well and give most players a comfortable feeling from the homefront foward.  Some of them (so far) have had decent story driven developement and I look foward to finishing the game to see their full fruiting when I can finish this game.""OVERALL"" So far i'll give this game a solid 7.6/10 (For it's genre and from a single player only unfinished playthrough experience).  It is, however, still in Beta.  Meaning the More people who try this game (and hopefully enjoy it) will give it the opprotunity to finish developement at a reasonable pace and fund the developers.*SUBNOTES-I don't usually bother writing reviews since they can be a dime a dozen with most overly hyped games or just mass playerbase games that I commonly find myself playing to pass time.  I apologize if my format isn't visually pleasing, if I made any spelling/grammar mistakes, or if it wasn't in depth enough to make you atleast want to try the game (though you seriously should atleast look into trying it c: )."
,Recommended,269770,24941522,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,\_oungin',"When me and my friends first bought this game together, we spent about our whole weekend just playing the game and grinding out everything as much as we can. It's a very fun game, though if you don't like grinding, I would not recommend this game for you. The sad thing about this game is that the development is really slow right now and the main storyline isn't that long. I would recommend to buy this game when it goes on sale just because of the lack of amount of content that the game has right now,"
,Recommended,269770,24985965,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AffensiveDonut,You should get this game after it's out of early access but still a blast to play with friends.
76561197963333478,Recommended,269770,24960897,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,InzaniA,If zelda on gameboy color was a multiplayer. This would be it. great game. Cant wait for it to be finished.
,Recommended,269770,24964637,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Starkmens,"If you're a fan of rpg's like the Ys series (Ark of Napishtim), or the Secrets of Mana series, you will love this game. This game is quirky and gets you involved in the story so well, I didn't even realize I started to care until a character in the game started to change in his own way. The visuals, everything is so nice to look at and the music is perfect, all I could ask for is for a time lapse and the game to be done. I can't wait for the finished product and hope it has hours of things to do. Bought it for myself and a couple friends and we all give it a full thumbs up. Can't wait for release!"
,Recommended,269770,24974213,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dammek,"I know the game before on the steam but now i can really bought this .this made me fallin in love for an old school gamer like me , this mix the RPG element pretty good , even there is no class system and not really a lot skill to learn , but this provide that you must play on multiplayer wich you can share the roll between other player . I know you can go both on ATK and MATK (This make me love this).. And there is Pet system wich increase your stats by feed them but i hope there is special effect or special attack on every pet..This really bring me a nostalgia wich i've search this for a few years but this comeup and i know this about 2 years ago, love the graphic so and any effect on this game so much really <3 ..And the best about this game theres an Arcade Mode !!!"
76561198059123532,Recommended,269770,24913213,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,poqe,"It's not easy to find 'clean' games I can play with my younger kids, but this one is absolutely a hit! The graphics are really pretty and everything is so smooth and well thought out. At first I wasn't crazy about it, but after getting to level 15 now, I can see us playing this game for a long time. I really hope they bring full support to multiplayer on one computer, that would pretty much make the game perfect."
,Recommended,269770,30867782,Posted: 31 March,all,Lord Bob: Proud King of Irelands,"Hey, do you like picking up random things off the ground? And bullet hell? And plot? And magic?If you answered yes to any of those questions, you should probably buy this."
76561198283171757,Recommended,269770,21175653,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,haziqmuhyidin,"I have been playing for about 3 days now, and I am totally in love with it. Great combat features. Great artwork. Smooth animation. Interesting quests and puzzles. Story line can be better developed. But overall 9/10."
76561198002318888,Recommended,269770,21169829,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,caveman,Very fun and addictive coop gameplay. There are a few downsides such as..-Players must inhabit the same areaWell thats really the only thing I dont like about the game. Thats my only complaint. The game is also quite challenging and I would advise using a controller. The combat is simple but executed well. The bosses are a complete blast to play with friends or alone.
76561198123286313,Recommended,269770,21317263,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Velorine,"this game really addicting.....if you are fan of Zenonia series game and Ragnarok Online, you will love this game...Secrets of Grindea:80% Zenonia20% Ragnarok Online"
76561198256745715,Recommended,269770,21351351,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kit The Mini,Was very fun and interesting.
76561198138684137,Recommended,269770,21351749,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Princess Alien Queen,"An incredible game, Its one of those games that you need, grinding isnt for everyone but if you like to grind then this is the game for you, really well made, clever puzzles and really fun combat. and also a lot of funny jokes all in all a really well made game and i cant wait for it all to be out <3"
,Recommended,269770,21327667,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Helicopter,"Amazing game, but 1 problem; When joining a friend in the middle of a boss fight, the entire game glitches out"
76561198050865574,Recommended,269770,21327256,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,The_Grinning_Handicap,"one of the best pixelated RPGs I've played in quite a while very good control, excellent story, and great characters and even though its just a beta its still finely honed into a well made game.A few things it needs though, a buyback system or a perma item system but for vanity only like a list of sorts maybe? And last but not least MOAR STORY!!!!!! lol thank you developers for this gem of an indie game."
76561198038566053,Recommended,269770,21331879,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Nox,"This is definitely one of the best, if not the best 2d retro rpg I have played this year. It's like if A Link To The Past and Secrets of Mana had a baby. My only complaint is that for some odd reason I have frequent stuttering issues, the game completely locks up for 3-5 seconds every minute or so. I'm running a gtx970 with an intel core i5 4790k. I dont know why I have this stuttering. But that's my only complaint so far. Other than that. The game is addicting as hell, and enjoyable in every way. I'd rate it a 9/10."
,Recommended,269770,21349837,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Joffa,"Great game, defeinitely a must grab."
76561198054743841,Recommended,269770,21246693,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,makedatmonay,"If you don't mind a grind like the title suggests, the gameplay is crisp and enjoyable, the crafting is fun, and the boss fights are challenging enough. The skillcap is high enough to feel that you can outplay most challenges.As I'm currently nearing the end of the available content (?) I think I can say that the game is already enjoyable and worth buying just to support the devs in finishing their excellent product.-Should you buy this?If you like Zelda, crafting, enjoy tight skill windows, etc, and don't mind a grindy game, then yes!-Should you not buy this?If you don't like a heavy grind. That's basically the only con in my book is it can be overly grindy at times.Strongly recommend!"
,Recommended,269770,21295899,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,HLGamez,"Thiss game is amazing to place, with beautiful artwork and great gameplay mechanics.Pros:- You aren't restricted by class, you can have any skills or spells you want.- The game rewards you for grinding in the form of cards- The characters are well written and entertaining- The artwork is stunning- Talking bag companionCons:- None- Get this game10/10"
76561198003660912,Recommended,269770,21222254,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,PutMeInCoach,"Let me start off that I've been a huge gamer from about the age of 7. This game brings back so many memories of playing A link to the past, secret of mana and final fantasy on the SNES with my Grandma. Keep up the great work guys!!!! hope there is pleany of gameplay and expansions to come. Edit: The only change I'd like to see is maybe more enimies on the screen at once."
76561198132109150,Recommended,269770,21288828,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Crimson Cookies,My hatred for bees burns brightly in this game
,Recommended,269770,21243103,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Pathurs,"If you're on the fence, just buy it"
76561198169529786,Recommended,269770,21244552,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Jahnkers,funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn game
,Recommended,269770,21219194,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TheOtherHusbando (JakeZade),10/10 GOT A WIZAD HAT M8
76561198021803513,Recommended,269770,21232623,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Leiros,"I've been playing for about 2 hours at this point, but wow I am impressed! This game reminds me of the SNES type action-RPG's that I loved growing up. While the game is still in development, I can't wait to see how it shapes up. For anyone who is thinking of buying this, it is important to note that there are two servers. The first is the stable server that you get access to with initial purchase. This is the one I started playing on before I realized there was another server: Frontline. Which is the beta server and has the latest updates and much more content.So far this game is exactly what I've been looking for in a ""retro"" style game. Currently 5/5. Will adjust score when game is released as a finished product."
76561198082150090,Recommended,269770,21265367,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,csbrinker,"The game is tons of fun, I havn't made it very far into the story but the skills and how umique your playstyle can be for each character is awesome! plenty of fun, worth it for the gameplay alone."
,Recommended,269770,21265470,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Grave_Meme,GAME RULES. SUPER FUN
,Recommended,269770,21290045,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jacekter,AmazeBalls nough said
76561198060084992,Recommended,269770,22494521,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sanorpas,"Great for coop, interesting puzles, some fun bit in the story, overall great. As early access it obviously misses content, but otherwise thumbs up."
,Recommended,269770,22570694,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,-O-X-Y-G-3-N-2-,"This game is perfect! I can't wait on the next update! Loove all the story line and graphic, brought me back my memory when I'm playing on GBA-Zelda games. Keep it up Dev! All the best!"
76561197998807517,Recommended,269770,22564299,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Maxcloud,I wish I could use the mouse. :(
,Recommended,269770,22567232,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[GC] 楪 いのり,This is a great and unique game. Well done by the creators. If you like RPG just buy it :)
76561198082081720,Recommended,269770,22910808,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Walrus,"After 20+ hours i can confidently say this game has me hooked. So far only played single player and am really enjoying it. The story and characters are rather cute and funny which is a nice change of pace from new age games and quite reminiscent of an old school RPG atmsophere. The puzzles are also well done. There was a few moments in the in the Fae forest that were top notch and had me thinking the whole time going in between back and forth desperately trying to figure out what to do. The combat is also very enjoyable. Very rarely can you just ""go ham"" and often you have to think before attacking. Boss fights actually being a challenge and needing strategy is a huge deal to me. AS for a score not sure what i grade it its good but i dont know if its that good. If this game gets some more content a littel more balancing and some final polish 10/10 easy. As is, I have to rate it a 7/10 due to lack of content and a few balancing issues, If they fill out that support tree make that a 8/10 (biased mage player here XD). Support is a staple to co-op play in any game so it will be nice to see what they will add. I must say i dont know how a healer or heal skills would be implemented but it would be nice for someone to be able to play ""Team Mom"" keeping everyone healthy and buffed. Maybe a regen over time heal or something.So my final call if u dont mind spendning the money and it looks decent to you then by all means go ahead. Its fun, but short, yet retains a very unique style you won't find elsewhere. As someone playing the game atm my final call is please go buy and help them finsh the game. It is truly a masterpiece just in need of some more content. If you really enjoy the game remember theres a hat dlc you can buy to help support the devs as well."
76561198061453602,Recommended,269770,22906282,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,chibijudoka,"This is my favourite game in my library; I LOVE it!Even though I have finished the story mode, I still have to work on the arcade mode while I wait for more areas to be implemented.I really can't wait for it to be completed!"
76561198096869884,Recommended,269770,22854754,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Anbrle,Can't stop playing it!
,Recommended,269770,23096685,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,xSqueaky,"This is easily the best of this genre on Steam, great to play with friends. If you liked secrets of mana should be an instant buy (it satisfied my itch at least)Can't wait for the full release"
76561197976002174,Recommended,269770,23098939,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,"..,""..:bible","This game is very addicting, it is like The Legend of Zelda but on a computer! There are no known glitches(that I have found)and it runs perfectly on most computers. I love this game and you should to! I absolutely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,269770,24489987,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,CookieKing,this is a great game with all the stuff thats in it i give it a 10/10 i finished the beta and i can't wait for the new things coming! great job
76561198196287037,Recommended,269770,26161588,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Peppergoat,"Pros:Beautiful GraphicsSmooth GameplayGamepad Friendly10/10 Dialog, genuinely funny writingCons:Limited character skill optionGame has been in early release for ages. While the game itself is amazing and the Devs are working on the game/in constant touch with the community, there isn't enough content. Just when the game really starts taking off, game progression ends. Was able to beat the game in a single day (Several hours of my gameplay time are attributed to leaving the game on the menu screen while running errands.) I was also able to max out with craftable gear in the time given.I've no doubt they'll finish this game in time, but that's the big pill to swallow."
,Recommended,269770,26236172,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rumble™,Best purchase I've ever made on steam. This game is amazing. Think of it as Legend of Zelda (Story) Mixed with Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon (Arcade). I played this game for almost 11 hours straight the first day and loved it so much that I bought it for 2 of my friends to play with me! Probably the best game you can get on steam for under 20 dollars and I cannot wait for this game to be completed. A complete mastepiece in my opinion.
,Recommended,269770,27545075,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fraeuleinnebel,"Awesome game.Love grinding? Leveling, crafting and defeating monsters? Buy the game. Have fun - but beware, the game is kinda addicting.Great early access title. I just love the style, the music and.. everything? :D <3"
,Recommended,269770,20893911,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jensipillar,Me and my friend are loving this game :D Can't wait to play more
,Recommended,269770,23424191,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,ZOOS,"Love the playstyle of this game, you can do tons of different builds. The story is great and the item forging system alongside the cards, makes you farm and get more powerful items. Fun game overall, and I'm constantly checking if they have realeased more gameplay."
,Recommended,269770,23667606,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,OUTLAST MA NIBBAS,"So. i have some pretty base-ground to tell this...THIS GAME IS AWESOMEPros: ~-Co-op up to 4 people-One of the best skill leveling systems I ever saw on a RPG (or ARPG)-Grinding is not necessary-Super Exiting boss-fights (That you can repeat if you want)-Mind-Breaking Puzzles-Difficulty modes (I NEED A 0-DEATH MODE DEVS)-Awesome Music-Tons of Sidequests/Activities-Arcade Mode (random loot drops/bosses/floors)-Battle Arena (Where you can battle with or agaisnt your friends in some wacky mini-games)-A pet systemCons:-Only 50% of the story is finished by the time i'm writing this-Some bosses can't be repeated (SPOILER: Winter, the Hydras, etc...)-Grinding is not needed but it helps a LOT (card drops)I recommend to get this game, but in a more advanced state. The game still has a long way to go, but i'm enjoying it.If you don't feel that i am right, add me on steam and we can discuss the subject in matter."
,Recommended,269770,20476410,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,LidoLin,"This game is really fun o.o BUY IT!!!Seriously though, some mechanics such as the blocking could be improved (so that you can turn whilst blocking) or allowing you to maps keys to your mouse buttons (such as left and right click for attacking and blocking), but other than my own preferences this game is actually really good."
,Recommended,269770,20415325,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Hypelios,It Rocks!  Go buy it!The humor alone is worth the $15.9.8/10
76561198046310238,Recommended,269770,20196638,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MadMarq64,"Early Access that's definitely worth every penny!A Zelda-esque RPG with multiplayer and decent story as well, couldn't ask for a more fun game.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,269770,20165721,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Soulcrifice,"Great little RPG that can give you quite a bit of fun and a lot of hours of gameplay. The combat is very good, fluid and doesn't make you ""get caught in animation"" with that said, you can miss attacks if not facing the same way as the enemy. This can make things a bit difficult in tight spots, however the blocking system works really well.All in all this game is great, you wont regret buying it, full price or on sale (which I have yet to see it do) however I have one caution for any buyer....****DO NOT BUY THIS ON STEAM!********You're missing out on a free DRM free copy!! Thats right, if you buy this here you don't have access to the DRM free copy, but if you buy it through either Secrets of Grindea's website, or on Humble Bundle's site they give you access to both the Steam key and a DRM free copy! So DO NOT BUY HERE! Or you're forced to miss out on that free copy.Hope you find as much fun in this little title as I have."
,Recommended,269770,20165479,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Maze,"If you like rogue-like RPGs with fun combat, you'll like this game. If you like spending hours hunting collectables and rare items to 100% a game, you'll absolutely love it. Even if grinding for rares isn't your thing, you can definetely get enough enjoyment out of this game's, arcade mode and it's, albeit unfinished, story to make it well worth the $15 purchase."
,Recommended,269770,20550546,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Mkvdub7,The Legend of Zelda meets Secret of Mana with a modern style skill point and crafting system. Need I say more...... Oh wait Online Co-op too XD
76561198026057400,Recommended,269770,20549827,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Timminy Bricket,This game gets an A+ recommendation simply due to the Snusmumrikken reference/'cameo'. (The game itself is pretty okay ATM too. Give it a bash if you'd like a Secret of Mana-ish game)
76561198051361412,Recommended,269770,20551595,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Agent_TopHat,Fantastic Game.
,Recommended,269770,20586164,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Gen. Jelly Jiggler,Very fun hack and slash RPG similar to the Secret of Mana games with a little Zeld thrown in for good measure.
76561198008586753,Recommended,269770,20603138,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Gertofius,"Where to start? Everything is very well done, from the pixel art to the sound design. Combat is very sastifying and the game flows very well. My friends and I have had a blast playing through this game! The writing is a little sassy and witty. It breaks away from a more traditional serious tone and makes the game feel playful. I am patiently waiting for the game to game to be finsihed, which is now the only downside. Get this game then enjoy it!"
,Recommended,269770,22623366,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shizuye,"The game has a very ""LoZ: Link to the Past"" feel to it, so if you enjoyed playing that, you'll definitely have that somewhat nostalgic feeling hit you.Only negative feedback I have from this is that there aren't any spells directed towards healing yourself quite yet, but this game is still in it's early beta so it's not really something to complain about.This game is awesome nonetheless. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,269770,22622243,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MEGARIP,"It's like Ragnarok Online all over again, amazing game. Monster cards, rare drops, great farm spots - it has all the dreams of a true fan of grinding games. 10/10"
,Recommended,269770,22967616,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,bargain bin,"buy itSeriously though,  this is a solid game for me.  The campaign is fairly long,  very well made and very enjoyable,  and there is endless content in the game's arcade mode.  Definitely worth the $20,  would pay double for it any day."
76561198174608171,Recommended,269770,21194533,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Airship Enoch,"Music and Sfx Review:Hello,Im EnochIm post a review about how excellent the sound and music is on this particular game ""Secrets of Grindea"" . Aside from being an awesome modern Rpg, this game has quailty origianl sound effects and music that allows it to be its own classic. With similar sounds of other popular video games influences, i can tell the sound design team did a great job in creating these samples. From catching fish to your melee abilities, everything has its own sound that truly belongs. When you complete an quest or get an achievement, the sound and music reflect that.The music is composed very well, hats of to the composer(s)!It truly makes you feel like your apart of the world of Grindea. Good job composer(s) and sfx team for creating wonderful ear candy for all the items,quests and locations.Cheers- Airship Enochwww.AirshipEnoch.com"
76561198021303656,Recommended,269770,21471436,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,zorantis,All i can say is so far its a great game .. lots of stuff to upgrade .. the game reminds me of secret of mana and  zelda too and then  all mixed up and pooped out .. then presto = secrets of Grindea ..
,Recommended,269770,21446209,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,EAZYBANGIN,"It's not a great game, but it's good."
76561198002593216,Recommended,269770,21465871,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,River Spirit,"This game still in early access and incomplete, but man.... What a great game. I really want to play the finished work! I felt like playing legend of zelda and mana in one game. It's very satisfatory.If you like dynamism, originality, challenge and puns, this is the game. I just loved the combat system and the character customization possibilities (builds)."
76561198041158961,Recommended,269770,21286827,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lyper,amazing!!!!
76561198120479315,Recommended,269770,21540237,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Lambsu,"I think that this game is really realyy good but the one major problem is the capturing the enimies. It goes WAY TO FAST, the combanations are STUPID (I mean this in the nicest way possible), and it is really hard in gereral to catch something. I would like to see the SPEED GO DOWN ALOT. Those are the things that I |would really like to see in the next patch or update. THX love playing the game"
,Recommended,269770,20944931,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Enigman,"It is great. Phenomenal even! Just waiting for more content is the killer. Shoulda waited so I could have lpayed through from start to finish in one go. But oh well... Maybe one day it will be finished and I can do that.... I miss the days of finished games.Good game, buy it. 10 Princess Zeldas out of 10 links. Old School"
,Recommended,269770,22489538,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ravage_core,I really liked how the game is set up though catching pets is really hard. The whole plot of being a collecter is really cool and the way you get to collect all the stuff and gradually get the best stuff ever but the season hydra is really annoying but really rewarding dont beleive me then just check it out yourself! I highly recommend this game! If you like adventure and mystery then this is for you!
,Recommended,269770,22298209,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,noboruryu,Started by watching Dodger and Sam play and decided to get it myself. It's fun alone but better with friends.
76561198112316094,Recommended,269770,22310928,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,LingLong551,"this game is so fun, i cant wait untill they finish the game"
76561198201737345,Recommended,269770,22206398,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jstinoah,"This game reminds me of a combination of the super nintendo versions of Zelda and Final Fantasy combined into one. With the work around the dev's have provided allowing multiple copies to be played at once, it's like Zelda + Final Fantasy + Baldurs Gate!Completely playable and still fun while the dev's continue their work on the game, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the classic SNES fantasy genre. Throw in the ability to play with multiple friends at once and progress through the story or arena, and it’s a must have in everyone’s list.If you’re interested in the work around to launch two copies at once for the time being, you’ll need to follow the instructions in both links below.How to switch between Stable and Frontline, and why(Turning on Frontline(beta))http://secretsofgrindea.com/forum/index.php?threads/how-to-switch-between-stable-and-frontline-and-why.127/Enabling two copies at once(Make sure to launch the game from the EXE and not through steam)http://secretsofgrindea.com/forum/index.php?threads/local-co-op-on-2-computers.913/"
76561198071672809,Recommended,269770,18154527,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pedromatto,"Great game, very easy to get used to, fairly replayable as you can try different styles from 1 handed swords, 2 handed swords, or 4 different types of magic.+Easy to understand controls+Great controller compatibility+Very good soundtrack+Great 2D graphics+Funny+Replayability Value+Somewhat challenging+Arcade mode+Frontline mode+Great Community+-Somewhat short, but it's Early Access, but I still had 10+ hrs when I finished the main quest.+-Getting Cards for some mobs is a nuisance, but that just adds to the challenge+-Story was okay I guess some parts it was very pretictable and Deus Ex machina, but some where a total surprise-Getting all cards can get repetitive-Shops were kind of useless, most of the stuff is better when crafted.(Fixed to an extent, more option of weapons during and after the festival)-Potions don't serve too much of a purpose-Can't craft potionsAs I post I have 30 hrs in and still want to play more, so do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561197977753425,Recommended,269770,22262377,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sion The Destroyer,"Such a fun game. Great co-op throughout, co-op puzzles, fast paced fighting/puzzle bosses, sick rpg customization, great customizable combat, the pixel art is lush especially the character portraits. Excellent game! If you ever wanted a 4 player pokemon/final fantasy/zelda, buy it!"
76561197965125944,Recommended,269770,22261643,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Frame&Fortune,Its not even finished and Im having more fun than most AAA titles.
,Recommended,269770,22633550,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Polka,The updates are worth the wait
,Recommended,269770,24111298,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AlphaEclipse,So much fun. Just hope that they keep updating.
,Recommended,269770,24134661,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RejectedSG,"I know it's too early to write a review on this game but... I instantly love this game!But something bothers me, just a little. It'll be delightful if I can use crusor in main menu and in-game menu only~I know its my problem and have to get use to it, but hey, its just a suggestion from me!Anyways, keep on the great work and hope to see more awesome stuff from you! Cheers! <3"
76561197995595724,Recommended,269770,24268092,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,raggedrobin,"What Stardew Valley is to Harvest Moon, this is to Secret of Mana. Basically.Good stuff, so I uninstalled after a few hours to wait patiently for the final version."
76561198012336270,Recommended,269770,24266165,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,eric-belair,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Straight up♥♥♥♥♥♥ dec music, story line is dec. combat is fun and engaging and definately worth it."
,Recommended,269770,30822918,Posted: 29 March,all,That Two Guy,I made a little girl cry and the game made me feel really bad about it.I then proceeded to fix this and she stopped cryingNever before has a game made me feel so accomplished.
,Recommended,269770,21862821,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,NinesThousand,Very cool game and alot of fun! I tried it out and bought it the next day because I couldnt stop playing! Its sort of like Four Swords Adventures or even Secret of Mana it has online co-op and I'm hoping to try that eventually with friends but it's still fun even alone. You can pretty much customize your whole character and play style to anything you want. Want to be a spell blade type of character for example? Or even a summoner or straight up tank type? You can absolutely do that. The enemies and bosses are all unique and the bosses are just epic! It also has an arcade and roguelike mode and the story mode already goes pretty far I still have yet to finish it. Overall its my favorite Early Access game of the year so far! Basically its awesome get it peeps!
,Recommended,269770,28650255,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bensinho,"Even while not finished, amazing game!should be tons of fun when its ready"
76561198078152667,Recommended,269770,28552956,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,pgtripp,"If you love classic Zelda games, but wish they were just a little more technically challenging, this game is for you."
76561198076200446,Recommended,269770,28642171,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hilitai671,"Holy what in the hell....yeah, this game is full of charm, the Grinding in Grindea isnt actually that bad, and grinding for tons of collectibles is fun! the battle is tight, with a few minor things and the graphics, the design, heck, even the missions that have depth to it, all of these components are really awesome and this game,. even in early access, is starting to already shape up as one of the better rpg games that ive played this year.TL;DR: This game is AWESOME! you like nostalgic zelda-like exploration games, but with more customization, collecting and crafting, really fun skill progression, abilities that vary greatly, and enemies that are designed smartly and with a challenge???  Then buy this game!Graphics: alright, its a top down 32 bit looking game. and man, do they do a wonderful job at making sure every pixel counts, and every animation is fluid! The graphics are nostalgic, and they are done wellSound: Man, the music is really suited for an adventure game. i really was not diaaposinted by the music at all, very well done. the sound effects were plenty, and they had depth and actual weight and distinction to each move you make. Of course, its nothing too fancy, but its not done poorly, they made every sword swing, every fireball, and every crate breaking sound goodGameplay: Man, I am very impressed with the combat. its quick, its fluid, the enemies variety are very challenging and require to think about how to approach each one, ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY START WORKING TOGETHER AND F*** YOU UP!! oh man, there were some parts where i was sincerely triggered cause i couldn't get past some enemies when i really wanted to blow through a part of the stage to complete my mission. I played this on the hard difficulty, so im sure that why they were much more difficult to kill. Anyways, what everyone will definitley enjoy about how the combat is done is by the way you character is...Customization: Yes, this game is very customization friendly! You want to go nothing but tank? well choose the corresponding stats to boost you defense significantly, dump your points into two handing that tree bracnh you get when you first start out, and sponge away the many slimes presented, all the way until youre three hours deep into the pumpkin forest, trying to hack away at ghosts that keep friggin disappearing in front of your face, and even though you know thats not the way to kill them, youre already soo hellbent on getting the last hack on his ectoplasmic butt, because your a tank, with the brain of the sponge, and YOU DONT KNOW ANYTHING ELSE!!!..... But, if you do have a moment of awreness, you could totally respec you're guy on the fly! you can totally dump those pointe that went into tanking into something like a snow buddy. A cute little snowball dude who's totally loyal to the cause. And hey, why stop theree? You can throw your invstment into four different magic categories, earth, fire, ice,. and wind! And best belieive that your armor, and your clothes are customizable too! I REALLY appreciate the developers for going this route, AWESOME!Look, im gonna stop here and give you fair warning. As of this review, there are somethings that are still locked in the skill tree, because they are still indevelopment. Which leads me to one of the biggest troubles of this game. THERE IS LITERALLY NO HEALING. the only way to heal, is to pick up healt orbs from enemies (which drop pretty frequently), go back to town, or lvl up. Nopne of this was really an issue......until you start fighting bosses. OHHHHHHH man, this is the biggest flaw of this game.HOW THE HELL DO I BEAT THE DAMN BOSSES THAT ARE OP, WITH NOT A SINGLE HEALING POTION OR SKILL!!!!This, my dear developer, is THE MOST infuriating thing in the game, I pray to the flying spaghetti monster that you include something, cause this has got me beyond vexed. And the only other thing i gotta complain is the way blckin is handled, it seems real unforgiving, and even a bit unresposive at times. But hopefully, these things will be fixed."
76561198157712399,Recommended,269770,28520077,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dane Queed,"I like this game a lot and i think it has amazing potential.I like the fact you can really personalize your characters abilities and paths.I like the art style as wellSome challenging bosses which is goodBUT if youre looking to buy this and play it for the next month straight then hold your horses. I love this game and recommend it but it still has SO far to go until its a complete game. as you can see ive played it for about 15 hours and ive beated the story line with 3 different characters. Granted I didnt do TOO many side quests. I think the game will get even better in time but its just... exactly what you should expect from an early access game. once that little message popped up saying ""the rest of the story is still being developed"" i was like..... ""oh, so soon?"" but it was a good ride and i cant wait for it to be updated more."
,Recommended,269770,28525409,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Conjabi,"112 Hours of fun so far.Beating the game ""Frontline"" on Hard Mode, Feelsgoodman.I play the arcade mode with friends and it's really great.I wish this game would made allot faster progress, but since only 3 or 4 people are working on it it's just not possible.The art AND gameplay are both simly amazing.Also this game has a great storyline with lots of humour, puzzles and bosses.Oh and 1 more thing, 13,99€ = 200% WORTH."
,Recommended,269770,18875311,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jargalo,This game is absolutely amazing! Be sure to check out the Yogscast playthrough.
76561198121007226,Recommended,269770,18830166,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Shadow,"This game is one of the best RPG's i have played n a while. The bosses may be hard but, this game had amazing graphics and a nice soundtrack, Can't wait till the game is finished."
,Recommended,269770,18862344,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Badger,This game is so addictive. I can't wait until more content comes out!
76561198044865403,Recommended,269770,18827124,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,lullabyj,i just got hooked once i played this game. so looking forward for the update!
,Recommended,269770,29435549,Posted: 22 January,all,SmallerChinesePeople,"I absolutely LOVE this game. It was one of my first steam games, and I was beyond satisfied with it. Grindea is a fantastic example of a new game that gives a nostalgic feel. I spent hours playing all the way through the content by myself, crafting every item and collecting every card, and then because I loved it so much I replayed the entire thing with my boyfriend. I very impatiently wait for each new update to come out and I love how hard working the developers are. As soon as I can I'm going to buy the DLCs to be able to support them more. Grindea is my favourite game of all time. I love it. I love it more than anything."
76561198230519224,Recommended,269770,29474182,Posted: 24 January,all,Ederium,"Great game, me and a mate got it cause it reminded us of one of our favourite DS games, campaign is amazing as to what I've played up (what is actually completed) and grinding our cards may take forever BUT at least it's made worthwhile by giving the PC a buff to stats somewhere. Can't wait for the full game to be finished"
,Recommended,269770,29453829,Posted: 23 January,all,Greatest Moment,I cant stop playing! the crafting is fun and not frustrating. The fighting took me a few minutes to get used to but its nice and smooth. The story is fun and inviting. The only thing I can say is a bit sad is that I get all this gold but not much to use it on because all of the good weapons are crafted. Health is a bit scarce at times but managable.
,Recommended,269770,27220035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MYA,"Brilliant Game, finally a classic co-op RPG, especially for Secret Of Mana lovers, although still not finished yet. But it´s worthe the money and time waiting for the updates!"
76561198177922821,Recommended,269770,29574838,Posted: 29 January,all,Austinlb55,"It's in beta... but the game for all the content is currently has is good, is it worth it's full price right now, maybe maybe not, dpends if you get into arcade mode or not, but even if you dont it's still an enjoyable experince, and the money you put in will help this game finish."
76561198354947857,Recommended,269770,29387608,Posted: 20 January,all,Whistlz,"Reminds me of when I played countless hours of DBZ Legacy of Goku II and Buu's Fury, some of my favorite games as a child.  Also little to no bugs for a early access game.8/10  And I have faith that the full game will be a 9"
76561198028132860,Recommended,269770,29411564,Posted: 21 January,all,sma21,"It is an easy to understand game that maintains a decent level of difficulty.  It is easy to burn hours into with it's good story and exceptional combat.  The only negative thing I have to say is that at the time of this review, Secrets of Gindea is in beta and therefore awaits completion.  I look forward to seeing the finished product."
,Recommended,269770,29527808,Posted: 27 January,all,Son OF A Walters,Good potential but they need to finish it. Too long waiting!
,Recommended,269770,29332413,Posted: 18 January,all,The Burd,"Your luck couldn't be any worse.You've been in the same area for hours already.The ground is lined with corpses.The grass runs red with fallen blood. The enemy's, yours, it doesn't matter.No Rabby, no Green Slime, no Mrs. Bee could ever hope to stop you, yet they still file in for the slaughter.And the only thing going through that borderline-psychopathic mind of yours is, ""Where the f*** is that card?!""Grinding's the name of the game, bucko. The story's pretty good, albeit pretty short, allowing you to grind for more XP and cards and whatnot. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a really good time-killer, a much better Castle Crashers, or a replacement for that steaming pile of sh*t that is Spiral Knights.Also, Winter is no longer my favorite season. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,269770,18736294,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,420and...,"It's been about 2 years since I purchased the game and they've added about 20 minutes of play time to the campaign, which I honestly thought would have been done by now, seeing ONE patch being put out every 3-5 months is NOT very encouraging either, let me stop here and say this game has potential and can be fun, however it simply is NOT worth paying 15 dollars for, period. If they aren't going to bring more devs/artist ect. to build their team and hastin the process then they should really consider lowering the price if they expect anyone to stick with them, I think most of where they are at now is that new people discovering this, just don't realize how long it's been in development. So to that point, its been 6 years + in development and they are like maybe 35% done with the campain not to mention any other features or balancing. It just tiring to check back every 6-8 Months and to typically only see 1 patch posted.TL;DR: The game will most likely never be finished, over 6 years of dev and less than half done. Fun for a few hours or more so, if its on sale for less than 10 bucks its worth it otherwise hard pass this one."
,Recommended,269770,28870307,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ty Leedren☭,Very Fun and Addictive!Very Challenging aswell!a few bug but its in beta so i dont blame it.Still its a very good game 8/10 worth the money!
,Recommended,269770,30984738,Posted: 6 April,all,fare67t,"As cool as this game is...its kinda stupid IMO that all the patches seem to only ever apply to the Frontline branch / beta.Now, im sure there's some reasoning for it, but I dont know what it is."
76561198053653124,Recommended,269770,29967972,Posted: 16 February,all,Agrias Oaks,"For some reason Steam shows that I've only got 2 hours of play time, but currently I'm up to about 5 or 6 hours. This game feels like Zenonia or LoZ, but allows for a really great co-op setting. The customization feels never ending, the crafting is reasonable and relevant, and the combat is simple, yet challenging.I REALLY enoy playing this one with my brother, it's a great co-op game, with a good story, and solid mechanics. I recommend that if you're a fan of the genre, or you want something to play with a buddy (or two), give this a shot!"
,Recommended,269770,29640840,Posted: 1 February,all,Dragonous2,"a wonderful game, and curious as to when the next update is going to be coming, can't wait to continue on"
76561198155398406,Recommended,269770,29753864,Posted: 6 February,all,SilverKnight317,"Even though this game isn't fully completed I still loved playing through it! At first it seems like just another retro kind of pixelated game, but its moments of iconic humor and story will make you remember this game. I just hope I have the patience to wait for more from the developers!"
76561198214989148,Recommended,269770,29611351,Posted: 31 January,all,icc.jpciii,"Well well well, I FINALLY GET TO REVIEW THIS THING!First off my viewpoint is a little biased since I grew up on 16 bit rpg's but I digress.  The story is cute, and it is still in early access.  What seperates this from a lot of other early access games I've played is that THEY ARE STILL ACTIVELY WORKING ON IT!  Their website has had weekly updates for the past few years.  I am currently at the end of the beta and I had fun and am eagerly waiting for the next updates.Sure the plot of the overarcing game isn't explained till near the end of the current beta but I don't mind.  Especially considering how many times I died to the season hydra  (7 deaths).  Plus the crafting system giving you lots of cool stuff is pretty neat.  I just wish the drop rates on some items were higher like the crystals from the spinners.  But I digress this brought me back a slice of my childhood."
,Recommended,269770,29865536,Posted: 11 February,all,Selendiis,"Really, genuinely, the most fun I've had in a game for a long time. I have a hard time finding games that I can lose myself in and this one is just so lighthearted and pleasant that it's easy to be emersed in the story and characters. There are definitely some skills and technical things that need to be resolved (some of the enemies are incredibly OP in comparisson to others, etc.) but overall it's a fun run.I can't wait for the rest of the game to be released!"
76561197997640492,Recommended,269770,29774107,Posted: 7 February,all,SimLec,"best 2d game i ever played , coop work perfectly , the animation is the best i ever seen in a 2d game , the world is awesome , the boss may be hard at hard difficulty (one make me reduce the difficulty ) , all spell and skills are awesome for now . That game came from heaven to me at the moment i was totaly bored from all video game genre ."
76561198041713123,Recommended,269770,29917255,Posted: 14 February,all,Tonywin,"Fantastic game, everything I looked for in a game like this is in it, minus a few skills such as healing and more support spells that I'm sure are still in development. Great characters, humor, and gameplay mechanics. Literally, my only complaint about this game is that the development is slow and not much new content has been put out since a year and a half since i bought the early access. But, the developers are very meticulous in the quality in the content that has been put out, so the new stuff that has been put out since I bought it has met my standards which are fairly high."
,Recommended,269770,29155449,Posted: 9 January,all,Moses,"This game, in my personal opinion, is amazing. I get it for my friends and we all have a blast playing it, truely it's a fun little RPG and if you have friends to play with it it's really entertaining, plus if you like a challenge then playing by yourself proves worthy. I had trouble getting to the current part I am (which is as far as you can go with current development at the time I'm posting this) and now I just like to play the game with my friends. Love the pet system too. I would recommend this game for people who have some freidns who are looking for a new game to play because this is the jackpot."
,Recommended,269770,28977907,Posted: 3 January,all,Sluice Master,"A very polished little ARPG, especially for Early Access. This is probably the closest I've felt to playing Four Swords Adventures or Crystal Chronicles with friends in years.Pros:- Fun Secret of Mana-style combat that rewards smart positioning and timing.- Totally customizable skills and passive talents (no classes, get any ability you want) that let you really play any way.- Perfectly functional online co-op that works over Steam or direct IP.- Character-based saves: Play in single-player, then take your character online to do stuff with friends!- Neat little sidequests for exploring or doing puzzles, and an arena with its own rewards.- Lots of items to craft and buy for different play types.- Boss fights with unique mechanics that'll kill you over and over until you get gud.- Cute music that gets stuck in your head.- Nice sprite art that doesn't feel like a cheap way to make graphics. Animations look real good.- Light tongue-in-cheek story and dialogue that isn't blunt enough to be annoying or cringey.- Arcade ""roguelike"" mode for when you just wanna chill and fight stuff with friends.Cons:- Facing in one direction is sometimes finicky; I've gotten hit often because my shield was up in the wrong place.- No local co-op, only online. Online is awesome, but there's something special about local that it can't do.- The game art is good, but character portraits look like Babby's First deviantART Submission.- Slow and somewhat confusing menus: It takes more time and more button presses than I'd like in order to change equipment or use skill points. There are quick-swap and quick-level features to help, but they're only for when you get a new item or when you've just leveled up, and they don't help when you wanna switch to equipment you already have or level something new.- Not all skills are in the game yet: There's a good range of one-handed, two-handed, and magical skills, but only two for support so far.- Unfinished areas and features: Trying to go in certain directions or use certain options gives you a text box that says that that thing isn't in the game yet. This is only a chunk of the final game's world.- Very rare crashes: I've encountered one crash so far. It was in a cut-scene where I was supposed to get a unique item, and since the host got the item fine, I had to go back and play the section in single-player to get it for my character. It really wasn't a big deal, but there might be more crashes that I'm not aware of.Basically, the worst thing about this game is that they're still making more of it."
,Recommended,269770,18040944,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Bubsy3D,"This is an amazing game to play with friends, but if you dont have any friends who play this then thats completely fine! There are plenty of side quests to keep you going and im still trying to find all the treasure from the 'Dig-A-Hole' shop. This is a very funny game, and if you like other games like legend of zelda or final fantasy then you should definitely get this game!p.s. you can get a laser sword"
,Recommended,269770,29042257,Posted: 5 January,all,ENKz_Unknown,Amazing game have put loads of time into it and the stroy is amazing. Although i lost my save around a month ago and lost so much progress i dont think ill be playing again for a while
76561198158464425,Recommended,269770,29106329,Posted: 7 January,all,[Pulse] Cyndaquil is Awesome,"These guys really manage to bring the classic RPG feeling to a brand new generation, along with modern side-quests, mini-games, and so much more that amount to this charming indie title.20/10"
,Recommended,269770,28847821,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,pantsu,"It's good, the grinding is more fun than other game and doesn't get boring; the story so far is amazing with good dungeon and area design with some cool side quests and the bosses are challenging.As far as I know you can only obtain healing potions in the arcade, I'm fine with this because with healing items the main game would be way too easy.My only real complaint about this game is CHICKENS! I hate in the arcade mode when you get the mission 'Herd the Chickens!' because the chickens just don't care - you wack them into the barn and they decide to walk off the other way or what happens to me a lot is you hit them into the barn but they a few pixels off the door and they just run around the back.I have only had just over an hour on the arcade and one playthrough of what there is at the moment story-wise, but it's great fun!Obviously, if you hate early access don't buy it as the developers are only taking it out when its 100% done"
,Recommended,269770,29001099,Posted: 4 January,all,Virginia,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,269770,28964947,Posted: 2 January,all,Filodeis,Grind
76561198119531619,Recommended,269770,29779279,Posted: 8 February,all,Kermit The Frag,"This game is SO great, even GRINDING is fun!And even after 10 hours, I've still barely scratched the surface of even the beta!Great game."
76561198030864078,Recommended,269770,31091016,Posted: 11 April,all,Stantonic,"Wow, this is a really well made and entertaining game! Really well thought out story. Don't remember what I paid for the Beta, but I think I would pay more!"
76561198060484356,Recommended,269770,28574227,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Diamondheart411,This game is addictive and fun I can't wait to see the final product.
76561198300035398,Recommended,269770,29683881,Posted: 3 February,all,Rico,o.o Sorta curious if this game's been abandoned...other than that it's a pretty fun game
,Recommended,269770,29913694,Posted: 13 February,all,SiN,"I'm not even gonna give an intro to this review so.... PROS AND CONS!!>Pro: The game is customizable with weapons, character design (kind of), and you can play with up to four friends (I think), reminding me of the Four Swords, which I also had fun with. The bosses were (some what) difficult so it made you grind giving more game time, also upgrading skills like magic and attack moves (pretty fun to do, in my opinion), and arcade mode, my God is it annoying, but it makes you want to play repeatingly, it's addictive, also fun (it's a con and a pro at the same time).>Con: it's short game but what can you do about that, not enough magic abilities but four different ones with only three different moves (I kinda wanted more magic moves), and I also have♥♥♥♥♥friends to play with (but that's just me).Although it's in early development, I enjoy the game so far. I doesn't have as much as a full plot line of a single story but it feels more of a- you're a person who has an adventure and does some quests along the way, no evil wizard distroying the world or anything, just full on adventure, Overall, I give the game a 7/10, can't wait for something new but for now- Imma suffer :3"
76561198045143706,Recommended,269770,29725561,Posted: 5 February,all,sapcor,"I will definately be keeping an eye on this as the game is further developed. My friends and I had a great time playing together this weekend. What stood out was when we got to the end of the implemented content and my buddy says 'Aww... but I wasn't done yet'. I can't think of a lot of early access games that left that impression.It's not an overly complex game, nor should it be. It was just simple fun to be had with some friends. I don't know how well it would hold up in single player as I didn't pay much attention to the story but for a group it works well. Also props for the solid multiplayer. Over 6 hours of playing we only had 1 desync and 2 really noticable bugs.Looking forward to playing again after the rest of the game has been finished."
,Recommended,269770,29740748,Posted: 6 February,all,Skill,"Secrets of Grindea is a pretty decent game. I've enjoyed countless hours playing this game even though ive just bought it. The only thing I see is there are some ""Glitches"" with it, If you have two players. The host will start an old boss fight in the trophy room while the secondary player leaves that room on the same frame. which will put the secondary player out of bounds. Works best on the slime boss. I don't mine if you don't fix it since its pretty fun to mess with! This game is amazing!"
76561198095503414,Recommended,269770,29901009,Posted: 13 February,all,karelsaputra1,really good
,Recommended,269770,18807222,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tom Trustworthy,"I was looking for a game that would be easy to control with my new Steam Controller and friendly enough to play in front of my kids.This game was well worth the money. The fighting is not easy and for each enemy you need to have a plan. And I don't mean each type of enemy, like there are a couple types. I mean each enemy in general has specific things they will do, not just some reskinned new color of previous enemies.Great fun so far and my son loves watching me play since I named the main character after him."
76561198128936856,Recommended,269770,31099539,Posted: 12 April,all,kuromegakiru,"They somehow made grinding fun, I can seriously spend a while calmly grinding for exp, items or whatever.I also have a pet rabbit, so I can't have a negative opinion.It's stil not complete, but it periodically gets updates. The gameplay I've had until now has been completely worth the money."
76561198129574600,Recommended,269770,22946597,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Artorias,"Ill keep this ""Review"" as short as possible?Is this game a good game ?YesShould you buy this game ?Not Reallu\yWhy?The game is not finished and you should probably wait for the full releaseDoes that mean I regret buying this game?No, The story is good and the characters are likeable plus the story in addition to the aracde mode gave me my money's worthwho is this game for ?RPG fans who like or at the very least dont hate the fighting style in games like secret of mana (Personal thing but I dont mind the grinding in this game and its also done pretty well so you wont be grinding for a long time and even if you do I like the fighting style too much to care) plus story is goodFinal thoughtsVery Good game but you should probably wait for the full release and even if you dont there is enough already to make the 15$ price tag more appealing"
,Recommended,269770,29121582,Posted: 8 January,all,Vladimir Putin,Bag.
,Recommended,269770,28426840,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Patton_Pending,"Awesome 16-bit style, cool story(so far, because it's still incomplete) and online play with your friends make this a pretty cool action rpg throwback.Can't wait to see the rest of the story! Awesome job so far.Tried arcade mode after getting to the end of the current build in story mode. It's pretty cool so far!If you're looking for the part of the game where you're helping build up a town, it's in arcade mode.Controls can be rebound from arrow keys to WASD in the main menu(not ingame.)"
,Recommended,269770,30351830,Posted: 5 March,all,MatthewIsMatthew,"Having not grown up with this sort of game, i did not feel any nostalgia while playing it. However, that didnt stop me from really enjoying it.Its still in beta, but the story still gave me about 10 hours of gameplay, and it also has an arcade mode which is based on the fighting parts of the story. As of writing this review, i have spent 2 hours in the arcade mode, and I doubt i will be stopping there.Dont let the fact that it's still in beta stop you from at least thinking about this game, as its already really good. Parts of the world map aren't free for players to explore as of now, and im sure they will take very long to make as the game looks astoundingly beautiful, but what there is currently is great. The main quest is also still not finished, it just abruptly stopped, though there is still alot of it. As i said, the game gave me 10 hours of gameplay, which i find is a very suitable amount of time for a game.The story consists of puzzles, bullet hell styled boss fights, combat, side quests and obiously the story itself. Some of the puzzles were actually quite hard, to the point where i had to look up gameplay videos find out the solution, while others were a decent head scratcher that wouldn't last too long, or too short. The boss fights all take a couple tries to beat, but never enrage you like other games (namely shovel knight).I recommend this game to everyone, though especially to people who like The legend of Zelda, and other RPGs like it."
