user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,269890,14485029,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"There are two types of games I really hate to review: criminally mediocre games that you can't really say anything interesting about and games like AR-K, a game that has a lot of heart, but is like a busload of burning orphans careening off a cliff; a terribly executed, tragic waste of potential.UpdateWithin the day, I was contacted by one of the developers to tell me that they read my review and are working hard to make sure the next episodes live up to expectations.  That's great to hear!  By actually talking with me about my criticisms it reflects very well on AR-K's team and gives me even more reason to hope that it might come together and I can recommend it to everyone.  The review remains the same for now, but those interested in the community behind a work in progress may find that here.Back to the reviewHow shall I start to explain the trouble that is AR-K?  I know.  Look around your computer and try and find a belt or length of rope.  Just trust me.  I'm going somewhere with this.  Got it?  Okay, now fold it in half, grab it firmly by each end and pull it taut.  Now rapidly move your fists inward and outward.  The flapping movement you are seeing is quite similar to how the main character's mouth moves in the first episode of AR-K; outside of cutscenes, anyway.You might think this is a minor gripe and adventure gamers have always had a knack for looking past poor and peculiar graphics.  And you'd be totally right.  But I'm only pointing out one teaspoon in an ocean of technical issues and bad presentation.  The volume of the spoken dialogue hasn't been normalized, there are a couple of misread lines, the subtitles have been poorly edited, you can't save on your own initiative or have multiple game files, the voices of characters are prone to change once or twice (probably artifacts from old voice actors), there's been some weird scaling when characters interact with each other, it took me about fifteen minutes to figure out how to get items from the inventory screen to interact with objects in the world, and the English localization has a few wrinkles.  That isn't even an exhaustive list.Alright, alright.  So that's all really quite terrible, but like I've said, we're fans of point and click adventure games.  We can forgive any kind of presentation in the name of good puzzles and and a good story.  Let's start with the puzzles then.  So, you've got an object on a high shelf that you want to get, a length of rope, and a large-breed dog.  What do you do?  Obviously, as an adult of average physical ability and a functioning brain, you ignore the rope and dog and climb the shelves, get a nearby box to stand on, or you just wedge your arm behind it and push it over.  But you're playing an adventure game so you're probably already conditioned to ignore logical brevity and will do exactly what the game expects you to do: combining rope A with dog B.  That's a puzzle in this game I found intuitive and logical and solved within seconds of its presentation.  So, dear god, what kind of anti-backwards madness-dimension logic must be employed for me to call this game a completely illogical mess that demands a walkthrough?Well, let's examine one puzzle from episode one that I like in theory, but was so horribly implemented it was unsolvable.  In AR-K, you play an investigative journalist and there was a puzzle based around you asking other characters about a policeman so that you could create some sincere-sounding flattery to get him to help you.  That's a totally awesome thing for a game about an investigative jounalist!  However, the hints you actually get don't correlate to the actual dialogue options you're presented with during the flattery, at best.  At worst, they're totally misleading.  For example, you're meant to get his first name from a bulletin board where various people have left posts.  Now, the names on the board include three of the four choices you have in the dialogue and absolutely none of the bulletins suggest character traits specific to an officer or to anything else you've learned about him.  In fact, the closest logical leap I could find is that one of them mentioned a feature of the specific area he was patrolling, so I assumed that must be the one.  Nope.  So to solve the puzzle you have to choose one of four dialogue options correctly four times.  The game will not tell you which you have gotten correctly and none of your hints are better than my example.  Oh, yeah, and in episode one you can't cut off dialogue you've already heard (at least I couldn't find a way).That's exceptionally awful.  And it's  doubly bad, because that's such a neat idea poorly done.  But it's not the worst.  Actually, episode one wasn't too bad.  There was one other highly questionable moment that I only solved by clicking everything I had on everything else for long enough to get a result, but only that dialogue puzzle sent me to a walkthrough.  Episode two, though....  Did I somehow kill your family without knowing it, episode two?  Is that why you tortured me so?  The first half was perfectly logical (well, dog-rope-shelf logical), but then there's a bit with a rat, and a trap, and you have to shoot it, and you have to... and you have to *rocking back and forth while crying*.  And then you're taking exams for some reason!?  WTF!?Okay, so the puzzles are half okay and half unsolvable moon logic.  That does not a good adventure game make.  But, hey, we've still got the story, right?  It's a noir thriller, with the cartoony charm of Sam & Max, and it's set in space - the best setting!  There's no way this could be bad, right?  Well, hmm.  It's okay.  Episode one starts off with a good noir hook involving a mysterious MacGuffin and ends with the uncovery of a sinister plot, a betrayal, and ominous forshadowing.  I even like the simple touch that we're playing a female investigator under the influence of a ""homme-fatale"" in a typically masculine genre.  However, episode one is just a lot of screwing around on a college campus with very little movement in the story.  It also doesn't help that the main character is kind of rough around the edges and performs some unlikable deeds.  And it's not so gut-bustingly funny that you can forgive the character's misanthropy like with your Sam & Max.  That said, episode two fixes all of those problems.  The plot thickens and things happen.  The protagonist actually appologizes for, say, maiming her mostly helpful roommate.  And, most importantly, a disembodied narrator is introduced that only the protagonist can hear.  There's some wonderfully funny lines between them and the narrator is able to voice our concerns with the protagonist's actions and manners.The narrator is also supposedly there to give you hints, but these are as helpful as the aforementioned clues with the policeman puzzle.So we've got a badly designed, technically messy game with a story that's all over the place.  No, I can't recommend this game.  I really wanted to.   If you had told me last week that I'd be playing a noir-themed adventure game in the style of Lucasarts or Telltale set in freaking space, I'd have said, ""Yes!  All of this!  Melt it down and inject it right into my eyeballs!""  I want AR-K to be the video game equivalent of the underdog kids in an 80s sports movie, where after a synth music montage with a robot, the devs crank out an adventure game that beats down the big bully Triple A teams that give adventure games wedgies.Maybe it still can be that.  There are still two episodes that haven't been released and episode two was mostly an improvement over episode one.  In recent history, Tales of Monkey Island went from a mediocre first half to an adventure worthy of its pedigree.  I'll keep an eye on AR-K's upcoming episodes and maybe I'll have the good fortune to erase my work here and tell you how badly you need to play this game.  For now, though, I wouldn't."
,Not Recommended,269890,20454604,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lythe,"There's a character in AR-K who force-feeds her roommate vomit, sics her large dog on the same depressed roomie while he's perched on a second story window so that he falls, sleeps with a guy in order to ransack his apartment and kill his pets, and tricks her friend into getting arrested. The villain, you say? Actually, no. It's the protagonist.Another reviewer described the main character, Alicia Von Volish, as unrelatable, but for me it's worse than that. She is manipulative, narcissistic, destructive, petty, condescending, smug, crass, and cruel. The protagonist is a monster."
76561198000629362,Recommended,269890,11356274,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,MetalForever,"*Update: I have just been able to finish chapter one, so I've decided to update my review*Having just finished chapter 1, I can say I am pretty happy with this game. If you enjoy older style Point and Click adventure games then this is likely up your alley. It seems very much an homage to the Monkey Island games. I can't directly compare the two, but it has some puzzles very similar to some in those games and even a direct reference in the dialogue at one point. I will say that in comparing it to that, it is very much in the older style point and click games. If vague clues, and running around just trying to combine every item with every other item, or trying to interact every item with every interactable part of the world isn't your thing then you may not enjoy the game.My only real compaints would be it's a tad short, but I've yet to play chapter 2 which is also included so we'll see what that adds to the playtime. As well as mentioned in my original review, that I would of prefered a way to skip through dialogue with the mouse, instead of having to use the escape key. As well as the dialgue ending up being a little hokey at times, with humor being slightly heavy handed. There are still some technical issues I'd run into, the occassional game freeze with certain interactions, the sound sometimes skips or repeats itself or animations could be a little funky but if none of that is deal breaking, i'd say the game is definately an enjoyable experience.As a footnote, I'd like to say a thank you to dev team. One of them had been in contact with me the past couple of days, taking information from me and giving me updates on fixes they had been working on that pertained to my issues. He found the issue with my anti-virus and the games engine, that was causing all the crash issues I was having and got me a workaround so I was able to play. Any dev team willing to help out the playerbase like that deserves recognition.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Keeping my original post here, though most technical issues are no longer appliciable. Ended up being an issue with my anti-virus and the Unity3D engine.*Update: One of the devs has been in contact with me, taken information from me on my issues and said they will be working on trying to fix what they can as soon as possible.*Wish I could recommend this game, but as it currently stands for myself I cant. When it actually works, its a pretty fun retro style point and click adventure. The story seems interesting, the graphic styling is pretty good. Solving things so far hasn't been too over the top as far as I've been able to play. The only real non technical complaints I'd have for the game is the inability to skip dialogue without having to use the escape key, I prefer to play these types of games with only the mouse, so it's a little bit of a pain. As well as the writing being a little hokey, tries a little too hard to inject humor and it falls flat at times.But when it works is not very often, between the game straight up crashing or freezing during interactions. Or the inventory UI becoming totally uninteractable without having to quit out of the game and then restart it, trying to get anything done is super frustrating when almost the entirety of the game is randomly trying to interact objects with things in the environment and its a crap shoot on whether or not the game is going to just freeze or crash every time you do. If they can fix these glaring technical issues, and the game is actually playable I'd be willing to update my review."
76561198071390745,Not Recommended,269890,11909370,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Kat,"It's a pity to see how a game with potential gets ruined by the story designer.Pros:- the game looks good, although there are a few peoblems with the animation- it's got a decent length for the price- potentially interesting storyCons- boring gameplay. Chapter 1 is really bad, Chapter 2 improves a little, but...- absurd, annoying puzzles (ex: how you get the information for the chat sheet, the CINCO letters, the way you use the mouse to scare Nuno - there is no crack in that door!!!)Actually, the story would be acceptable, but the puzzles take out all the fun. They generally feel artificial and do little to improve the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,269890,23624481,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,LeeTbeats,"I bought these 2 chapters on sale. It was less than a dollar so I can't complain that I got what I paid for for chapter one at least.Chapter 1 feels like it was a broken game. The How To menu was kinda broken and there also this fetch quest that initially asks for 4 items but when you ask the npc again, he ony describes 3 to you so I forgot completely about the fourth. Also, some items have descriptions, some items just have names, and some don't have any at all other than an image in your inventory.Chapter 2 starts out with an introduction of a new character that directly says its function to clear up the confusion of the first. This chapter breaks a lot of the fourth wall and I guess that's appealing, but I would much rather they go back and fix what was wrong with the previous chapter rather than make this one about mocking their old mistakes. Chapter 2 wasn't bad. It functions the way a point-and-click should with concistent interface and the right amount of hints.The only reason why I don't recommend this is because chapter 1 was bad. I see other reviews comment on the story, but I say the story is okay. If you don't mind struggling through a bad beginning to get to good part, be my guest."
76561197995105285,Recommended,269890,11386925,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,non.horation,"As of writing this review, acts 1 and 2 are available.AR-K is a point and click adventure game starring Alicia, a young journalism student living on a space station. She was barred from her dream career as a police officer after being framed for a crime that she barely even understands, and when she finally decides to move on with her life, the past rears its ugly head again. So she's on a mission to figure out what's going on, clear her name and hopefully pass a class taught by a professor who hates her. Just another day in the life of a college student.This is very much a point-and-click in the classic style, with dialogue and inventory puzzles. There's no combat, and your character can't die.I wouldn't call it a comedy game, but there are a lot of jokes here, and thankfully most of them hold up. Not a huge fan of the whole ""Alicia hates the ex-girlfriend of a guy she doesn't even like that much with an unholy passion"" angle, but otherwise I did find myself smiling a lot throughout. The addition of the fourth-wall-breaking narrator in the second act was a bit jarring at first, but I really enjoyed the interplay between the two as the game continued. Most of the characters are silly archetypes of the various characters you'd expect to see in a college-themed story, but with a bit of a sci-fi twist to them. The game is fully voiced and the voice acting ranges from ""fine"" to ""excellent"".I've encountered a few bugs so far, but the developer has been excellent about working to address the problems that I've had so I expect that on that front the game will only improve."
76561198053591923,Recommended,269890,12462441,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ponticle,"I felt compelled to write a review about this game because I have such mixed feelings about it. On the one hand, I think the story is wonderful--very unique and interesting with really good voice over work, especially for a kickstarter funded project. On the other hand, this game is so full of bugs that it is barely playable. I have just encountered a game-ruining bug in Chapter 2 that is going to require a complete restart. (Bugs are a really big problem because there is no way to save manually, the game just saves continuously so the only options are ""start at the beginning"" or ""continue."")  I just hope the developers will take the time to patch this game or find a way to remedy the bugs that ruin the plot because I think it has potential to be awesome. I'm going to give this a thumbs up because that's how hopeful I am. :)"
76561198153504506,Not Recommended,269890,31853462,Posted: 19 May,all,crackwhore86,"I feel bad writing a bad review becuase I know a lot of heart has apparently gone into this game, but my experience playing it was terrible. I like the skin tight clothes and big graphic♥♥♥♥♥♥lol, but the game is FULL of bugs and it's boring. The puzzles aren't exactly intuitive. There's logic errors as well. The storyline is extremely boring and having to reach over and press ESC to skip convos gets annoying quickly. The inventory looks like it's half finsihed. Sometimes you'll pick something up and forget what it actually was, but theres no way to find out what it is again! The narrator in the corner which appears in episode 2 is supposed to be there to help, but when you drag items to him for advice it doesnt work (except for 1 or 2 times)! I'm glad part 1 and 2 are over. Apparently part 3 is much better - let's see how that goes."
,Recommended,269890,17106181,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,TheUnknownFactor,"Every game has it's flaws; well, most of them do anyway. This game definitely isn't an exception. The big one is this: some of these puzzles are just not at all intuitive; and if you absolutely refuse to use any guide then you might end up walking away from the game in frustration. I'd definitely wish the game was a little better about the puzzles' being intuitive.In episode 1, it's that clues are really vague and don't really tell you what you need to know... In episode two, some of the puzzle solutions are even less intuitive, but the developer thought it could solve that by adding a narrator. You can ask the narrator to comment on quests or items, but in some cases he'll have nothing to say and in others it kind of remains vague. What's worse though; ""asking the narrator"" takes you out of the flow of the game, it's not fun and it's the wrong solution for the problem of the first episode.So, that's the big problem with this game... But despite that I still recommend it. Why? Well, the game has a ton of ""charm"". I really like the visual style, the voice actors/actresses are good, the game has a really good sense of humor, the characters are fun and all different, it has funny references and the short videos are well placed, humorous and don't take too long.Heck, you know what? In a lot of aspects, this game reminds me of Day of the Tentacle. If you're not familiar with that game, it's one of the best classic games in this genre. The fact that this game (AR-K) reminds me of DOTT I think is indicative of the great atmosphere this game creates with it's scenes and characters.I might not recommend this game if it were an expensive game; but let's be honest. The game is cheap enough that, even if you don't like it, it doesn't hurt the wallet too much. Personally though? I really enjoyed / enjoy this game (am currently playing through episode 3)."
76561198053871501,Not Recommended,269890,29857739,Posted: 11 February,all,Ee,"Fortunately this game has its third chapter (The Great Escape) which is brilliant! I really recommend it!Instead these chapters 1 & 2 I played after it and I feel my Saturday wasted. Game is quite frivolous and puzzles were finally incredibly silly so I ended up looking for walkthrough. There were also some difficulties using an inventory and asking about items; it's not told what they are, or that narrator's subtitles run quickly past. And why the soundtrack is N/A?But I'm happy this game serie stayed alive."
76561198142442939,Not Recommended,269890,31148264,Posted: 14 April,all,radamczy,"This has the potential to be a fun game, but one thing makes it horrible:  You cannot skip dialogue.  So you are forced to sit and listen to the same dialogue over and over.  If the developers added a way to skip hearing things you've already heard, this would be much more tolerable.  But I can't stand playing it."
,Not Recommended,269890,28879236,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,dracoslorean,"Fundamentally lacking in fun.The graphics are painful and dated, the controls are a slog; using items in the inventory can be frustrating when trying to apply them in appropriate areas.  The plot itself is extremely short and contrived.  For an adventure in a science fiction space station, dealing with cover-up mysteries and police politics, everything boils down to petty revenge and an unfortunate one-night stand from an aggravating protagonist (who does not have the redeeming value of being written in a compelling fashion).None of it compels significant interest or a need to keep playing, save maybe to get your money's worth from this game.  There have to be countless greater point & clicks on Steam."
,Not Recommended,269890,17751440,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Hudson633,"The worst experience in a point-and-click game I've had. The humour is cheap and manufactured, and things are either predictable or don't make any sense.ːbronzestarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarː"
,Not Recommended,269890,26625117,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,AndrewRP,"I've played through chapters 1 and 2 twice each, and grew up playing old Sierra Adventure games. If I could, I'd give this game a rating of ""meh."" It just doesn't really click. Here are 10 issues I had with it:First, it doesn't really have any kind of tutorial. You're left trying to figure out how to use the interface. Which could use some tweaking. Specifically, the way the inventory works. Getting in and out of the inventory is simple enough, but trying to drag an item out to use in the scene is annoying. Many... many... times I've got the object off the screen, shaking my mouse around, trying to get the inventory to dissappear so I can use the item. The interface was improved slightly for Chapter/Game 2, but it still left me wanting.Second: When you click to move the character across the screen, all your controlls are locked up. You cannot do *anything* until she stops moving. No changing direction, or bringing up inventory, or even the menu. Not to mention the character is so slow to move about. Some games let you adjust the movement speed, or double-click on an exit to just jump there.Third: The game is incredibly short. There's even an achievement for beating the first chapter under 10 minutes.Fourth: In the second chaper/game, the devlopers introduced a narator in order to add a bit more color to the game and offer some support to the gamer. Neither really worked out. The narator rarely was funny, nor did he offer any help. Despite claiming I could drop objects on him for hints. Only a few and very specific items could be used in this manner. A poorly implimented feature.Fifht: The developers claim this game contains humor. I didn't see any. Anywhere. Not a single joke.Sixth: Scene exits are not clearly marked. In several scenes I was left randomly clicking about trying to find the exit.Seventh: Character Development. I'm gonna assume this game was made by guys. Especially development of the female characters. It just screamed of guys writing for women who think they know how a woman behaves. For example, her language. I feel like they were trying to make her ""edgy"" and down-to-earth. And she just comes across as empty.Eight: Voice Acting. Empty. Dead. Phoned in. No emotion.Nineth: Background Story. Where are we? Are we on a planet? A space station? What are we doing there? Where did these aliens come from? You've created this world, but you don't tell us anything about it.Finally: The plot is confusing and difficult to follow. The story jumps, leaving my wondering what I missed. Example, in chapter 2, after launching the table out the window, when you return to the University, you can hear someone screaming in the background and the lead character (I can't even remember her name. Even with 4 play throughs.) commenting on how he must have flown here. WHO? Who flew there? There are other points in the game as well, where you're left wondering what you missed.Overall, I can't really recommend this game. Clunky controls, poor character and background development, and a jumpy storyline. If you pick it up for a buck or two, maybe. Just remember, you'll probably beat the entire thing in an hour."
76561197984822255,Not Recommended,269890,26643370,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mauro,"Utterly, amazingly, BAD!Only played it to the end (if following a guide from beginning to end can be called ""playing"") only because I had already bought the third chapter, which people seem to like.Actually, chapter 1 is not THAT bad, just some puzzles are illogical. But, chapter 2... Oh!!! That's a new level of craziness! Completely wacko, illogical to the 10th power!!!!! Alicia pokes fun on you on the first chapter for combining everything with everything, little did she know that you would have to do this on chapter 2..."
,Recommended,269890,29767915,Posted: 7 February,all,hassanyawar,"This is a classic point & click game with short but interesting story. I'll sum up the game in following points:Pros:Good voice actingSome dialogues were really funnyInteresting game settingGame quality overall increases in episode 2Some interesting puzzlesCons:Some minor bugs (so far in episode 1 I think, but nothing game breaking though)Short game lengthGame has somewhat unfinished feel as if it was released in a hurryGame renders look a little low resolutionIt feels like the idea for game was really great but technically it wasn't executed that well. This game has 2 episodes. Episode 1 had a slow start, as I didn't exactly knew what exactly was happening around or where exactly I was but as I ended episode 1 and started episode 2, things started to make sense a lot more. And as I already mentioned episode 2 is actually far more interesting than episode 1 with a teaser ending. Now I would be starting the episode 3 to make comparison between these two and third.P.S. I purchased this game on sale, I would suggest others to do the same. Its a good game but with its own downfalls!"
,Not Recommended,269890,14695142,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ZanyScum,"After I saw the intro video I was sold, I got the game and really wanted to experience the story.This is just another of these, ""move the mouse until the cursor changes"" and ""try each object with each object"" adventures.The story is told in a wonderful way, the protagonist is funny and kind of cool but the puzzles are not really straight forward.The voice info about hotspots is not smart, when you get the 20 seconds joke about some hotspot, do something and click the hotspot again because you hope you changed the behavior, then you get the 20 seconds joke again. And again.You can interrupt these infos with escape, but it is not funny to always have one finger on the escape key.This should be a story where sometimes there are puzzles because of the story.This IS a series of puzzles and the story is there ""too"", they are not really integrated, at least it feels that way to me.- interesting story start- some cool dialogs- some puzzles- lots of running and trying- hoping for more story- still running and trying to solve the puzzles- exiting the game because there was 10 minutes story in 1 1/2 hours of gameplaysorry, I say: only buy if you really like these search the pixel adventures(this is kind of not fair from me, it is NOT pixel searching, the hotspots are large, I am just very angry because I WANTED the story)"
76561198197234309,Recommended,269890,31785013,Posted: 16 May,all,lddake,Strange game. I enjoyed it though. Point and click adventure game with a few annoying little things like not being able to skip dialogue you've heard before and the main characters tiny legs and thigh gap in the artwork and she does do some pretty messed up things to advance the plot but overall I did enjoy it. It is definitely an intriguing story line and I can't wait for the last episode to come out I will be buying it. Overall for this one? 6.5/10 a not disappointing start with the potential to be a really good overall story.
76561198149076580,Not Recommended,269890,18435187,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,*****,"This game, or at least episodes I and II, suffer(s) from nonsensical puzzles -- e.g. stealing large letters which the narrator explicitly admits, in the dialogue, is not motivated -- and from things that have to happen in order with no link between them -- e.g. using a magnet on a table must happen after picking up a crowbar, but with no logic to dictate why this should be so.  The dialogue needs to be tightened up and things need to be described as e.g. ""stuck fast"" if you can later pick them up, because currently it's not at all clear what is a useable object and what is window dressing.I'd like to recommend this game -- it's nice visually, the characters are fun -- but I can't.  I'm sure the next game this studio makes will be great."
76561197976369681,Recommended,269890,15229263,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ManHack Gene,The game has character and made me smile. Its doesn't take itself too seriously and was a refreshing change of pace from the depressive post apocalyptic/war genre i usually play. The developer also actively seeks feedback negative or positive which I like.The voice overs in the game are solid and the point and click gameplay was done well. However the character animations in the game often looked stiff or odd to me and could do with some work (knowing full well that animations are possibly the hardest to do). Overall I thought the art design was good and i liked the concept of the Ar-k. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,269890,14950641,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Minx,"I like the resurgence of quest genre, and the game is one of.The game is quit simple. I mean, there are only simple activities which can be solved via mouse-brute-force. Likewise, the content is not so big, maybe 10-20% of one Space Quest V, and without little puzzles. Developers go on with the content (here are only 2 episodes, and they're going to add 2 more).The story is intrigued (I like it). The ambience and style definetely is for teenagers, and style is quite strict and you can feel the uniquness of the game and joy.I'm looking forward to the next two episodes. I hope that they will be enriched.If you remember good old quests, you should like it."
,Recommended,269890,15569693,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,PsychoSausage,"Enjoyable point and click adventure game full of humor.Similar to the old Monkey Island games.I really enjoyed playing the game and can't wait for the next episodes,Audio and visuals fit together very well and has a good storyline.Excellent game and well worth the Crowdfunding and Steam Greenlight to get it going."
,Not Recommended,269890,26814281,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Geek King Billy,I NOMINATED THIS GAME FOR:THE “THE MOST ♥♥♥♥♥Y PROTAGONIST” AWARDseriously the main character is just horrible and unlikeable i couldnt play 20mins without wanting to shoot her
,Recommended,269890,22444979,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nocturnal Stalker,"This modern take on classic point-and-click adventure, developed by Spanish studio Gato Salvaje, is able to make you spend some quite entertaining hours.The story is a fundemental thing for any good adventure game. The one you find unfolding as you play AR-K may not be the most original or complex, but definitely an interesting one. It also has a nice little touch of humour to it that, while will not make you roll on the floor laughing, still will give you some smiles.Another important ingredient is memorable characters. While the main character seems more like a typical adventure protagonist, there are still some characters worthy of attention, like her manic depressive roommate, nasty alien ticket vendor or a politician that only uses streamlined phrases.The music and the voice-over are nice, but nothing special. Still, the actors do their jobs well.The only real downside is the interface that is not very comfortable and gets some getting used to. I highly reccommend you to choose ""How to Play"" in the menu before starting the game.All in all, AR-K is a very nice game. Though, nowadays the point-and-click adventure lovers suffer not from the scarceness of good games, it still deserves its place in your collection."
,Recommended,269890,11542876,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,notanumber6,"Changing my review since the last update. The bugs that I had playing the game have been resolved and achievements seem to be working. The game is very pleasing to the eye, with well-rendered cartoon-like characters and an interesting world in which to explore. The voice acting is well-done, though there are a few instances where the subtitles don't match up, which is a little strange because they are mandatory. For future episodes, I would like to see the puzzles telegraphed a little better, since there were a few times where you had to take the try-everything-with-everything approach. The ending of ep. 2 sets up a nice cliffhanger, where you want to see where the story goes next. Props to the developers for taking the time to listen to players and doing everything they can to make them happy. Bring on Ch. 3!PREVIOUS REVIEW: Until this game receives some MAJOR bug fixes, I cannot recommend it. It is probably somewhat telling that0%of ALL the people who have played this have gotten the ""complete episode 1"" AND ""complete episode 2"" achievements! I have run into multiple bugs in both episodes and so am unable to finish the game. The funny thing is, I played the first installment before it was on steam and did not have this happen. It's great to have Steam achievements and trading cards, but if you cannot play the damn game to completion, it means nothing! Don't even get me started on the screen resolution problem..."
,Recommended,269890,15144865,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Point and click puzzle game.Interface/Menu/SettingsDoesn't have alot of resolution sizes.You can play in windowed mode or fullscreen.About the game.You play as a lady and she has a dog that travels with her.She always walks, she walks very slow, getting to point a to B will at least take 10-15 seconds. It would have been better if there is some teleporting like in other games. Walking animation is just weird.. She is also able to talk twice on the same time and saying totally different things.There is a small tutorial.You do can skip cut scenes, sometimes the game is a bit buggy. but do-able.The game has an okay story.The graphics are fine but sometimes the animation is weird and not working correctly (like walking animation or talking).Has some jokes, Sometimes abit pervy or deep thinking.Clicking on one of the other episodes, will shut down your game and brings you to the store page if you haven't bought it yet.Other things.If you get this game in a discount or sale, it would be worth while, if you are interested in point and click games + story, this could be your thing.There will be 4 episodes in total they say.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Not Recommended,269890,15217987,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ninja,"I actually played this for quite some time, even though Steam apparently stopped counting after 0.4 hours. As much as I wanted to like this game and get into the comedy side of it, I just couldn't. I came into the game expecting a point-and-click adventure like my childhood game Grim Fandago, maybe I was aiming too high. I didn't really find much of the witty comments or any of the jokes that funny, I actually only remember giggling once in the game. Obviously this is a personal opinion of the game, some people will like it, some will not. Cannot recommend a game that relies on comedy, but is not funny."
,Recommended,269890,12089749,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,runewarden,"Editing my review for now - developer is lovely, highly interested in communication, I haven't had a chance to return but will update more then.As from first - lovely point and click, interesting plot, quirky characters, really loved it."
,Recommended,269890,11354737,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I've played through this for about 2 hours so far. But I would like to play more if I have time, I like it. By the way if you don't already know, it was actually funded by a kick-starter campaign and has been available from other stores for some time already. Also the game is episodic and at the moment only a couple of episodes are playable.http://youtu.be/w4WgrRXf1WMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mm2FsM7M180The game-play is pretty typical of classic point and click adventures. Interact with objects and characters, get a description or begin a conversation, pick up certain objects and figure out where they are used. I took a while to figure out how to play this game. I overlooked the 'how to play option' in the menu so that may not have helped. I often spent a lot of time scouring over areas over and over again trying to figure out what to do next. Often I couldn't find obvious clues and resorted a lot to just randomly attempting to use every item I had on every object or person that I could find. The protagonist rubbed it in by frequently making sarcastic remarks like 'or we could try something that works' lol. I eventually had to refer to a walk-through. I don't really think this can be considered a problem with the game. I think it's very typical and just the nature of titles in this Genre.I like how the game looks, I think it is well done. I like the dialogue, it's little naughty and sometimes there are some pretty amusing lines. I also think that the voice acting itself is good. The game brings back fond memories of Full Throttle and the Grim Fandango.Any gripes have about this game aren't really a big deal, just stuff like not being able to skip dialogue that you have already heard. I didn't come across anything to really dislike this game for. I certainly think it's worth a try especially if you are a fan of these sort of games.Clickherefor more videos =)"
,Not Recommended,269890,22246314,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,LewdGeek©,I can't ♥♥♥♥ing start the game after I go talk to the professor I have try everything and I am not able to continue and when you block at the beginning of a game this is because this game is bad as ♥♥♥♥♥ and that it.
,Not Recommended,269890,15633266,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,King Vegeta,"Bought it on a sale.  Wasn't worth it.  Game gives no sense of direction & the UI is glitchy.  You can't cancel actions or skip conversations that you've already seen.  The only good thing about the game is the voice acting.  Everything else is abysmal.  I can't even progress through the game because it gives you no sense of direction of what you're supposed to do at all.All I know is I gotta wake up some dude in a bar but the bartender says to bring him 3 things that he vaguely describes in a way that makes no sense so he can make something to wake him up.The game's world is so small you'd think it'd be easy to find these things but nope.  There's pretty much nothing except a vending machine & I thought that was it but nope. I bought all 3 drinks, none of which did anything.  I mixed 2 of them together, still nope.  Tried buying the drinks again, but couldn't. A purse with a brick? Well, you can't wake someone up with that.  Then my game froze after picking up the brick.  So I restarted the game & went back to the bar.  Then I had the bartender make me 2 nasty looking burgers & tried to give them to random people.  Nope.After wandering back & forth for a half hour trying to find something I missed I realized what a complete waste of money this game was even on a sale & uninstalled.  I might come back & play this game again at a later date but right now it's just not worth the headaches."
,Recommended,269890,15278194,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,43Dark_Nero,"confusing to do story, but excellent dialouge but a bit mistakes not many. Excellent game. CAn't wait till 3 and 4"
76561198064641998,Recommended,269890,15043693,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Revaneser,"I didn´t think ARK could be interesting from my game playing genre but i have to sayits really brilliant making your children laugh and get fun.it has a good aestethic perfomance and decent bso.Very intuitive controls and a good polish historyGood to buy if you have a 90% discount on it like me,otherwise you should wait to buy it on sales"
,Not Recommended,269890,29949827,Posted: 15 February,all,Trukmuch,I can't play this game because my character instantly become a purple square everytime I try to play or reload my game. No support for the game in 2 weeks.....
76561197991235018,Recommended,269890,13164025,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Silent Reaper,"This is a fun, challenging game that makes you think outside of the box, and outside of the ball."
,Not Recommended,269890,22079184,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,GridVirus,"I don't really know how to explain how I feel about this game. Though straight from the beginning it isn't being much of a fun ride but I do plan to finish it since I sadly spent money on this thing.I'll probably amend this later with better written out information but I just had to make sure I remember how much I disliked this game over all.The characters are not fun, the hero is terrible, disgusting, abusive, but let's forget that. The main thing that bothered me was voice acting, character design [how does the hero even work? She doesn't even stand like a human], and the terrible programming of the game itself.I don't know if I am the only one with the issues but the game itself has a lot of glitches I experience. The tutorial little help section didn't even load. It doesn't actually tell you how to work things otherwise. The character will walk in cycles for some time before they actually transition to the next screen. I don't even remember what I was having issues with yesterday."
76561198066925554,Not Recommended,269890,29271960,Posted: 15 January,all,DahlsChicken,"Jesus Christ this game makes me so angry. I'm glad I wasn't one of the kickstarter supporters who paid for this. I paid around £0.50 for this and it was still too much. Bear in mind: this is after the supposed fixes so I can't imagine what a collosal ♥♥♥♥ up it must have been before.There are STILL glitches (inventory clicks on the wrong thing, no audio when there is meant to be), and most importantly the puzzles are pretty terrible; not only are most puzzle stages complete non-sequiturs, some stages can be completed before you've received any hints/instructions about them, so you end up with a load of stuff in your inventory with no idea what you're meant to do with it - or even what it is.If it wasn't for all that I MIGHT be able to overlook the terrible, repetetive, unhelpful dialog and frustrating interface (non-intuitive controls with no tutorial; controls help is located in a menu that you access by exiting the game; controls change location from chapter to chapter; inconsistent 'hint' mechanic that even the game itself admits was introduced in chapter 2 because chapter 1 was ""confusing"" - ♥♥♥♥ing hell). But as it is...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,269890,18670363,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ravenize > *,This game would be amazing if it came out 20 years earlier.
,Not Recommended,269890,15679979,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,pimp daddy finn,"Okay. this game had a few things wrong with it, let me tell you.The graphics were flat and overall it reminded me of one of those really old point and click games that just made you want to either keep playing to see if it got better of you just quit the game (like I did). It has a lot to improve on. I really liked the voice acting and the cutscenes, but that was about it. Most of the time, I had no idea what I needed to do. The story lost me in the first 10 seconds. But after the first 30 minutes I got bored and it lost interest to me.I don't normally give games such bad reviews but geez. Indie games are amazing and this game has potentail but in the end, only two things make this game okay to play - Ambar and Skunk-Cola.UPDATE-------------One of the developers got in touch with me saying that they are improving the game and taking suggestions on how to improve the game which mainly come from the negative reviews. He told me that the chapters further along are much better than the first and there is much more to the game.Don't get me wrong. It's a really cool idea, since there aren't many games like this out there. Anyway, they are improving it, so don't get me wrong, this isn't the final product."
76561198039170605,Recommended,269890,14506509,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,stheanimefan,surprisingly interesting for a point and click adventure. When all episodes are released I can highly reccommend buying it. For now though people might want to wait until it's on special offer.
76561197965046644,Recommended,269890,30392901,Posted: 8 March,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"AR-K is a point & click adventure with a interesting mystery that you need to solve. Your character once a student to become a law enforcerment officer ends up taking some heat and being pushed out of the academy. She now tries to clear her name and find out what truly is going on.Like any point & click adventure you focus more on the story and puzzles then anything else. The game paces the story nicely with a decent mixture of  story telling and puzzle solving. There is a few glitches here and there but nothing too game breaking (a few clipping issues). The style is a bit of a hit or miss, some may not like the 3d type art style and others will enjoy it. Overall another point & click to try if your into those types of games."
,Recommended,269890,20547486,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Black Wo Shooter,Main character wont let me take her to the toliet.
76561197992628943,Recommended,269890,14751345,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,kszosze,"Nice game, interesting argument. Will have a good future."
,Recommended,269890,33636328,Posted: 18 July,all,Igneus Tempus,Point and click adventure. Its not my type really but if you like it you should try it. I love the voice and graphic style. My scoreGameplay 5/10Graphics 7/10Sounds 9/10Summary 21/30
,Recommended,269890,27034099,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Turpin,Great game
,Not Recommended,269890,21067470,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,1stCheater,"Its not finished yet. So many bugs. Or developer will fix the game, or I'll delete it"
76561197984668602,Not Recommended,269890,14546172,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,inkstain,"Terrible graphics, sound was good. Felt like I was playing the first point and click game ever created."
76561198057372889,Not Recommended,269890,13604899,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Um.,"Although this game had potential with its storyline, the puzzles were illogical and too many glitches occurred. One scene i used an item and it completely disappeared and i was stuck in that scene.  I even followed up with a walkthrough on youtube where it showed me i have done the correct step and a cutscene was suppos to occur. So all in all i just quit playing the game."
,Not Recommended,269890,17524500,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Doused ❤,Boring \o/
,Recommended,269890,33146403,Posted: 2 July,all,ToxicGinger704,.
76561198001071336,Not Recommended,269890,24620684,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,isthisyournacho,horrible
76561198181887403,Recommended,269890,29705873,Posted: 4 February,all,NeonDragonGamer,this game is great i like the story that i have seen so far
,Not Recommended,269890,11466122,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Reizla,"This game takes you back to the old Sierra Online games like the Leisure Suit Larry games. Sadly though, the game also has the graphical features of those (extremely) old Sierra Online games. This while the publisher had a kickstarter campaign to overhaul the graphics (think I don't wanna see how bad they were in the original 1st episode of the game :D).When I look at the game itself it TRIES to be funny, but it feels extremely forced and therefor becomes ALL BUT funny :( This is a real let down, certainly when you look at the awesome and funny trailers for the game here on the store and the greenlight campaign.Gameplay is also an issue. It's an adventure game with point & click features (it's not a hidden object game!), but most of the time you just move your mouse over the screen in the hope that the cursor changes form so you can do something. With that, the adventure is set in the distant future, but there's not even a journal in the game. You 'pick up' your quests, your objectives are told right away, but you don't have a notepad of any kind to look back what you have to do. This is the main feature that made me turn away from the game. I mean, I'm not playing a game like Morrowind (release around 2001) where you have to keep track of your objectives by physical pen & paper.In short, this game is not worth the €10 asked for it. Better wait till it drops dramatically in price or is dumped in a bundle if you're REAL curious about it..."
76561198041725206,Not Recommended,269890,23360673,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Stellar Eclipse,"Everyone seems to be talking about  ARK, so I decided to try it out once I saw it on sale. I was hugely let down, there was a major lack of baby dinosaurs here and nothing regarding taming or raising them. I clearly don't see what all the hype is abot this game. Seems pretty bad to me. Has barely anything to do.Eitherway, I wouldn't reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198049193268,Not Recommended,269890,15528461,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,stan,"First the main character that you control is an arrogant a**hole with a huge pair of boobs who is dressed like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If you can bear that, you’re left with a semi-functional adventure game where it’s apparently impossible to use any object. The help tells you there is a ""narrator"" who can help you but there is none. I was still able to progress a little bit before getting stuck, which may or may not be because of a bug, I don’t know.Assuming there are no blocking bugs and I’m just stuck because I didn’t find the right thing to do, it’s a playable adventure game so if you’re desperate you can buy it, but I definitely cannot recommend it, at any price.Oh and to leave a review you have to let the launcher open for at least 5 minutes, or Steam thinks you didn’t play at all. Never trust the play times on Steam."
,Not Recommended,269890,15617376,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hybrid,Review only about game graphic style not game play.I'm very disappointed graphics while I expected pixar style real-time rendering.AR-K is old-fashioned graphic style.Pre-rendered movies or just some images for story.Game playing is not 3d rendering. Akward character animation sprites with pre-redenred background.It might be not a problem for other players.But I'm too disappointed to play following.
76561198094118291,Not Recommended,269890,22945433,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,CuttlefishLuminator,IT sucks
,Not Recommended,269890,11363781,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Typhecious,"I really wanted to see the good in this game, but as of right now I just can't play it anymore. There is no way I can even continue playing without checking the walkthrough without seeing what the heck I am supposed to do. The ones I don't get and look up all I can think is, ""How the Hell was I supposed to figure this out?!"". I do like the idea of the game, but as it stand right now, I just can't play it anymore."
,Not Recommended,269890,29323350,Posted: 17 January,all,Shiznoe ت,Plz no buy game.
,Not Recommended,269890,11356705,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Tinker,"Really, Really, really bad."
76561198004997623,Recommended,269890,18689676,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jsczar,"AR-K is an enjoyable game for fans of Point & Click Adventures. This is a decent effort for an indie developer with a limited budget. While you may encounter the occasional glitch, there is nothing insurmountable. There is some nice humor and the amount of mayhem that can be caused through simple actions is amusing. I'm looking forward to future games from this developer."
76561198012371813,Not Recommended,269890,17117050,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Vzzdak,"This game contains both parts 1 and 2 of the series. Being the first two installments, they establish the setting and characters, though the game mechanics are not polished. You will find the puzzles troublesome more on account of the user interface being clumsy and non-intuitive, and this is in addition to the puzzles being somewhat obscure (i.e., just keep rubbing items together until something works).There is also a Q/A issue with respect to translation. For example, (in English) after some styrofoam cups call to the ground, they are identified as ""glasses,"" which was confusing in context. Poorly translated words just adds unnecessary difficulty.In part 2, there was additional problem with not being provided information or tooltips for inventory items, which again made things unnecessarily difficult.Part 3 is a more satisfying, polished experience, in terms of plot structure, character motivations, puzzle logic, artwork, and user interface. If you want to skip parts 1 and 2, then all you need to understand for part 3 is the following:-- SPOILERS --The lead character (Alicia) was framed for having stolen a golden sphere, about the size of a softball. The sphere is a piece of high technology that can hold an electric charge. The origins of the sphere are unknown, though more is revealed in part 3.Alicia has a love interest (Blaine) that works for a corporation that has an interest in the golden sphere.Blaine has an ex-love interest whom also works for the corporation.Alicia has a friend, Franky, who is essentially an alien minotaur. Though Franky was a minor supporting character in parts 1 and 2, he takes on a more important role in part 3."
,Recommended,269890,23778826,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NIKO,"SHORT REVIEW:- Score: 80/100- Great Story, loved the setting and the characters.- Centered around investigations and murder mysteries (instead of purely puzzles)- Duration: about 3-4 hours for the first two chapters (using walkthrough) and 4 hours for the third chapter.- I highly recommend playing chapter 1 and 2 using a walkthrough. Item combinations are sometimes hard to guess.- Important Tip for Chapter 1 and 2: to use stuff from the inventory on the scene, you have to drag it to the lower left corner in order to get back to the screen (the inventory will close itself).  At that point, the item can be dropped on the scene target to complete the action. This wasn't obvious to me and got stuck. I learned it thanks to a walkthrough.- Chapter 3 is the best and most mature part of the game. Has the best game design and mechanics. Can be played without a walkthrough. Very enjoyable.- I still recommend playing first two chapters first!  However, it is possible to skip those and watch a story summary provided in the Chapter 3 game menu.LONG REVIEW:The Great Escape is the third chapter in this story. At the time of this writing, chapter 4 has not yet been released, but seems to be in the works as there is a reference to a fourth chapter in the story itself.I've played the first three chapters consecutively so I'm going to review them all in one shot to give a better idea of the whole. Note:  Chapter 1 and 2 are sold in a single package called ""AR-K"".Summary:The story is set in the AR-K, a giant autonomous space station on which a utopic society lives.In Chapter 1, we meet journalism student Alicia and her dog Ambar and follow her in an investigation surrounding odd deliveries around the university campus. We learn that she originally intended to become a cop like her father, but had to resign due to unfair charges regarding a mysterious ball. It is during this investigation that she will cross path again with people that have a serious interest in possessing that ball. The chapter ends when the investigation article is submitted to the teacher.In Chapter 2, we learn that the teacher has published the article under his own name. Although this is clearly unethical from the teacher's part, this comes as an advantage since he becomes the victim of uncomfortable attention from those seeking the ball. Alicia will use this opportunity to continue her investigation and track down who's behind this. During this investigation, she will uncover the existence of a society unknown to her called District 8 and she will eventually fall prey to a trap.In Chapter 3, ""the great escape"", we uncover the harsh reality of District 8: it is a hidden part of the station where people live essentially as slaves so that the rest of the AR-K can live in utopia. As Alicia is forced into labor herself, she meets people that have been trapped there for a very long time. She will help them in order to gain their trust and will eventually escape District 8 with the intention of revealing its existence to the public living on the rest of the AR-K.Chapter 4 has yet to be published, but I would expect a climax ending where Alicia finally reveals the truth to the world despite mass media manipulation by key members of the ruling class.Game reviewThe story itself is great! I think the summary I wrote above pretty much shows how it is neatly broken down and is building up some momentum. This is, for me, the most important part of a game.I think what I liked the most about the game storytelling mechanics was the cutscenes.  The game stands apart from many point-and-click titles that i've played by using cutscenes whenever something important happens rather than relying solely on textual dialogue. We get a much better feeling of our characters that way.Across the chapters, I also found that the game has evolved in terms of user friendliness. For example, in Chapter 2, a fast travel terminal system was added as well as a narrator designed to help the player by providing some clues.   In Chapter 3, the inventory system has been reworked, dialogues can be skipped, a fast-travel map system has been added and the narrator has been replaced with a PDA. I think those were great improvements that were much needed. Chapter 3 has the best game design in my opinion.Also in terms of design, I don't think I could have done Chapter 1 & 2 without using a walkthrough. I highly recommend playing those with a walkthrough. Chapter 3 was a lot easier to follow in my opinion. I still used a walkthrough but I didn't read it as much. I had fun walking on my own and trying the puzzles without peeking at the solution. My favourite part was the murder mystery we need to solve in order to get the trust of a District 8 policeman.All in all, I think this was a great game and recommend it to everyone :)"
,Recommended,269890,21001448,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mooz,I nice throwback to old adventure games. Complete with subtle references to the Indiana Jones games and more (loving the TK-421 train label)
76561198009812763,Not Recommended,269890,21722682,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,~Wynter~,"Terrible puzzle ""logic"" coupled with a horribad UI, and then throw a dash of typos into buggy subtitles...  The colors are colorful, at least.  If you like female protagonists who are so ""sassy"" as to almost be mean, you'll probably enjoy this -- but only if you play it with a walkthrough because of the terrible ""logic"" employed by the creators of the game.  I would recommend ONLY buying this when it's on sale, and even then only if it's 75% off, or more.(note: I only got it because I had a bunch of money in my steam account from selling trading cards, and I like point-and-click style games, and it was heavily discounted on sale.)"
