user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,269990,19487418,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,monsterpancake,"First of all, if you are a fan of Weird Worlds, you will enjoy this game. It plays very much like its predecessor, but with a 3D universe map. If anything, my quibble is that it plays a little bit TOO much like its predecessor. For the record, it's been about a decade since Weird Worlds, and we are not getting too many new ideas or upgrades with Sea of Stars. The ship models are cartoony and not very impressive, but the 2D art has improved overall. The unusual weapons, aliens, and planets are just as clever and enjoyable as before. The space combat actually seems to be a little more forgiving, and as a result, is more fun. Weird Worlds was ahead of the curve and was an unusual roguelike game before roguelikes became popular again. Now with games like FTL and Binding of Isaac out there, Infinite Space III feels a bit dated and dusty. Still a great time, just don't expect anything groundbreaking. Hope to see more innovation when Infinite Space IV hits the market in 2025."
76561197992082934,Not Recommended,269990,19796563,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Captain Suction,"Everyone who played Weird Worlds (Infinite Space II) probably loved it as the '30 Minute Star Control 2'. Well, a decade later here's a third instalment that adds very little new and makes the UI far worse. Firstly, the horrendous 3D map. It takes a bit of getting used to, but eventually, if you turn Nebula Density down to low, you will learn to get around. The inventory and item collection screens are really clunky too, but after much trial and error you'll discover that deep down this is exactly the same game as Weird Worlds, except far ugly and harder to use."
,Recommended,269990,13150462,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,james.gryphon,"I played this game's immediate predecessor, Weird Worlds, extensively, and made the ""Odd Adventures"" mod that racked up a little notoriety near the end of that game's shelf life with Shrapnel Games. As a result, I'd dare say that I have more experience with the Infinite Space series than anyone who hasn't actually worked on the games or made a large-scale modification of their own (Hi, sgqwonkian!)I say that to say this: if you liked Weird Worlds, you will probably like ""Sea of Stars"", but the game's future will depend greatly on how much Digital Eel has put into this game's engine. If the modding options really are ""all that and the kitchen sink"", SoS should be able to have a good run... if not, it's little more than an incremental upgrade, with a few jarring changes from the comfortable SAIS-derived interface that will disconcert both newbies and veterans.The most obvious change is that the game is now 3D. Unfortunately SoS seems to get all the worst aspects of this change: the ship models are not especially detailed, arguably being a downgrade from the 2D graphics in Weird Worlds. The combat is a 2.5D compromise, which retains a lot of the simplicity of the original game, but sacrifices perhaps the game's best chance of distinguishing itself from its predecessors. The star map is fully 3D, and this is every bit as disorienting as you would expect. It's pretty, but that's about all I can say for it; as the actual gameplay doesn't seem to differ in any way from what's provided by a 2D starmap, it seems like a change made for the sake of change. Various fans have suggested making the starmap a 2.5D map, with all the systems shown on a flat plane, and I can't say that I disagree with the idea; right now attempting to navigate the purple void is downright painful, compared to the easy play that was present in the previous two games. That said, the planets and stars look spectacular on a full screen, and the ability to freely rotate gives the player a lot of interesting views that they would have missed in the previous games.The combat system is very similar to the one in WW, and retains many of its flaws, while adding a couple more. I'll start by mentioning the biggest improvement: you can now set exact paths for your ships to follow. Previously, your ship would go in a straight line to the coordinate you directed it at; now you can do something a little more elaborate, without having to keep your mouse over the ship.As a tradeoff, though, It is now painfully difficult to control fighters in combat; ships don't seem to stay selected the way they used to. You have to drag in the direction you want the ship to go, and when you're in a fighter, that is simply not convenient... they keep slipping out from under the mouse. The way the game is set up discourages giving fighters the precise orders that made them so helpful in previous games in the series.One interesting change is how the ships are deployed; in the previous game, you would pre-set a ""formation"" that your ships would appear in at the start of the battle. Now, you can dynamically deploy your ships anywhere on the map at the start of the battle, which gives you a few new tactical options that weren't available before. You also have the option of which ships to put into the fray; if you don't want to risk your weaker vessels in a hard fight, or your fleet on a first contact mission, you don't have to. Retreating is still cheap and easy, but your ships are now delayed for a second or two while they go into light speed, which gives your enemies a little time to hurt you before you run.All in all, though, the combat is not a big improvement on SAIS or WW. It retains the same problem of being largely pre-determined after the initial ship deployment. I had mentioned in a post on the old WW mod forum that WW (and obviously, any successors) might be better served by having a more arcadey combat engine, and this is still the case. There isn't much in the way of tactics or ship maneuvering; most of fighting is just point your ship and shoot. For something that is such an important part of the game, that's less than desirable. Nowadays FTL is the definitive combat experience in space Rogue-likes, and SoS doesn't match up. The combat mechanics were decent back when SAIS first came out in the early 2000s, and tolerable in Weird Worlds in 2007, but it's looking very dated in 2014.There are a few enhancements to the general game. Hope's Haven Station now handles transactions in credits, which has potential to make things very interesting for modders if the purchasing is handled as flexibly as it ought to be. The combat simulator now allows you to customize your ships, and includes a ""tech level"" slider for opposing fleets. This alludes to the possibility of having enemies that become more advanced and invent new ship classes during play, which is obviously exciting for modders. You can buy new ships from Haven Station with your earnings, which makes losing ships less painful and allows you to get better use of your profits from exploration.There are also a few curious omissions in the current game. Firstly, there doesn't seem to be any option for customizing your mission's length. Secondly, the flavor text that existed at the beginning and ending of WW is entirely missing. You no longer return to Hope in glory to retire as the Fleet's new admiral, or get shaken down by thugs and left to rot as a funny-spore farmer; instead, you just get a short blurb that notes you retired/died in combat/got eaten by a space whale/whatever, and your score. I suppose dedicated players will write their own narratives, but at a first glance this definitely seems to take away from the immersion in the game. Finally, the combat simulator lacks the friend/foe options that existed in previous versions of the game, which makes it a little harder for someone who wants to create a multi-side grand battle. SoS is still in development, though, so perhaps these problems will be resolved in later versions of the game.The bottom line... do I recommend this? Like I said before, a lot of what SoS does is based on the previous games in the series. If this was 2007, I could say that it was the best thing still going, but with new competition like FTL, other new Rogue-likes, and a growing interest in procedural generation, I'm not sure that SoS (or WW, for that matter) is really at the head of the class in any particular area.That said, though, SoS has the potential to be everything that WW was, and then some. Considering that WW retailed for something like $15-20, and this game's price seems to be capped at $10, that's something that you need to think about. The Infinite Space games have always been at their best when modded, so if the interface's rough edges are smoothed out, and the developers' promises of extensive modification options (presumably greater than WW's) hold true, SoS should turn out to be well worth the expenditure. I'm giving it a qualified recommendation. Here's hoping that Digital Eel can close the deal and make SoS into an unqualified success."
76561198023037882,Not Recommended,269990,22260579,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jester,"Really disappointing.  I've owned and played the previous 2 for years and looked forward to this 3rd installment.The 3-d is unnecessary, confusing, and poorly executed.  The gui is non-intuitive, the controls more so, and general usability suffers, especially in light of how the previous 2 worked.Game play is similar, with the expected races and worlds, treasures and artifacts.  The ""value"" of an item isn't as obvious now, and they've added a credit system of sorts, both of which are interesting improvements.  There's a few new twists on some old favorites, but combat seems even flukier and one sided than the first...  I went from steam-rolling fight after fight to getting annihlated in the blink of an eye, with no in between or warning.  Sure, this is a rogue-like, but even rogue didn't pit you up against Dragons in dungeon level 2.I can't recommend this game, and it bothers me that I can't.  This reminds me of Masters of Orion 3...  I was excited and had great expectations, but was thoroughly let down."
76561198008597223,Recommended,269990,16181114,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ScottE,"This is a fantastic game.  I've played the others in the series and they get better with each one.  If you enjoy a space exploration game you can play in less then 30 minutes, then this is the game for you.  The developer has been great about adding new content on a regular basis."
76561198036224730,Recommended,269990,16086657,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Otti,"STRANGE NEW ADVENTURES IN INFINITE SPACE - Part III""Sea of Stars"" is the 3rd part of a popular series of video games about randomly generated star systems, space captains and background stories!""Particle Vortex Cannon"", combined with another long-range weapon, is my favorite Attack Combo - like in the past 2 games. Unfortunately, ""Sea of Stars"" is still in Early Access. But it's playable! In the end you land on a personal highscore, no matter what the end looks like - survived or dead! The 3rd Dimension greatly improves the in-game immersion! And a single game lasts no longer than what You can see on my steam-based game-time-counter!"
,Recommended,269990,20386436,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,weregamer,"Having played each of its predecessors, I was expecting to find this game fun enough to play for a while and then put down; but in fact I've found it surprisingly sticky. It's not the game I play for hours on end, but it has a firm niche as the game I'll play when I have just a half hour or so to play.The 3D map is a bit hard to work with; it could really use a way to pan around so you can see more distant parts of the map (and a way to reset to your actual position, of course).Even more desperately it needs a search function to find systems (whose names are known from the start) or planets/features that you have discovered. In several of the possible plots there are messages that name a specific system, leaving you squinting at the map trying to find it.Despite those QoL problems, this game marks the point at which there are finally enough random things in various pools (especially possible plots) that playing it several times back to back doesn't become boring.I've come to despise the label ""rogue-like"", which more and more is the refuge of game designers who can't come up with anything better than a random map with no story. But this game is really as interesting and deep as Rogue was; if you've never played a game in this series you will likely be discovering and trying new things for a dozen or more playthroughs before you start to work on ""winning"". Unlike Rogue, though, even a successful playthrough is only a few hours of your life spent, not days - and that makes dying and restarting a cause to decide whether you want to go to bed yet, instead of a cause to decide whether you want to throw your computer across the room."
76561198047384882,Recommended,269990,16589954,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,Funny little game to spend a few minutes now and then. Success within the time limit depends a lot on being lucky enough to get a decent drive early on.Replay value is somewhat limited after a few rounds.
76561198041033205,Recommended,269990,17190373,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,whoiii,"Sea of Stars at it's heart is one of the most elegent time wasters you will ever play. Embark on a galactic adventure for exploration  and profit spiced up with deadly combat, and do it all in twenty minuites or less. Sometimes that less is your first encounter the game will neatly explode your ship even on the easy setting.Long before the terms ""Rougelike "" and  ""Sandbox"" this game was all those in it's past two lives. For new players it offers a pretty rich well thought out world to knock around in. For long time players it has almost all your goodies waiting to be found [except for a few of the rather broken ones, cough, altheric mirror, cough] plus some new goodies.You can still build a floatilla to help you with the dangers of infinite space, but there are some major upgrades here. Fighters cant be destroyed in combat. well they can but you get to rebuid them after combat, so now you can actully use them instead of hoarding them. Second  you can upgrade your ships! Want a terran Battleship? Turn in your  ill gotten gain to buy the beefest of hulls.  This goes for your floatilla ships also , just find thier homeworlds and they upgrage to for a cost.  The combat simulator gives you a chance to try out all ships and weapons found in the game to see just what you like. I have no doubt that if you have played the eariler versions of the game your gonna love it, plus it is still in early access so just how much more goodies are gonna get put in.About early access.Right now the game runs and functions well, I have had the rare crash, but other then that all aspects plugged into the game work  well.Gripes.Few and mostly tiny. I miss the missings items like the cloak of Babalon and the Altheric Mirror, but these items were unbalanced at best. I miss having to return to Glory [home planet] to complete mission just being able to retire anywhere seems a little cheesey.  I really miss the end game statements that assingned my captain a postion and carrear in life based on my score type. I hope that does get put back in for the full version.So got time to waste and wish to be endlessly entertained? This is the game that will lurk on your hard-drive for years supplying that need. should you get it. Oh hell yes!"
,Not Recommended,269990,21846259,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,magpiess,"I have been a fan of the Infinite Space series since I found Strange Adventures in Infinite Space a few years ago. The series is quite unique and has that ""one more game"" kind of addictiveness that keeps you coming back. Werid Worlds has always been one of my favorite games to take a short break with. Unfortunately, I can't reccomend Sea of Stars. Aside from the 3D models and world map, there is almost no new content, and what is new is superficial at best. What's more, the addition of another dimension does little to improve the game, rather making maneuvering through the menus much more confusing than the previous title. If the developers had just focused on adding as much content to the established engine as possible, I would likely be much more enthusastic about Sea of Stars. In it's current state, however, I am dissapointed."
,Recommended,269990,18787299,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,zefquaavius,"It jarred me at first, coping with the 3D navigation, and the different interface. I faced the Brood in my very first fight. To my knowledge, they didn't even exist inStrange Adventures in Infinite Space, and I had playedWeird Worlds: Return to Infinite Spacemore than 100 times before I ever encountered them (really shocked me to discover them!). So, yeah, they mopped the floor with me. Second try went better, but still abysmal. Third game, I explored everything, completed my mission, and had amassed a fierce armada. I can't wait to see what the next mission brings!Infinite Space III: Sea of Starsdelivers so much replay value, in another new incarnation, with old favorites, and new surprises (I got a few already)!"
76561198160495995,Recommended,269990,29047149,Posted: 5 January,all,gartheastwood,"If you've come to this game looking for your usual space 4x then look elsewhere! This is a rogue-like space trader game rather than a 4x! I only say this first as I too was expecting more of a 4x-type at first!Infinite Space 3 also differs from many other space trader types by swapping the ""months, even years long"" careers typical of traders for small rogue-like random games that will last a few hours. Everything happens quickly here, there is NO grind whatsoever. In short, this game swaps long-term cerebal gameplay for short-term fun gameplay. I think this is a reason for quite a few negative reviews - the game is not what many people are expecting it to be!The plot seems to be explore the game's galaxy to find stuff! You will jump from star to star, which all have one planet each, and each of those planets reveal random treasures, alien lifeforms, ship components that you can use, equip or sell as you see fit. You many also find new wingmen to join you in your journeys. You start off at a ""human homeworld"", being sponsored by some dodgy crimelord to ""explore the galaxy, grab whatever you can, and make *me* a fortune"". Though there is also at least one other plot going on, one game I played ended when some mysterious, powerful alien race appeared and destroyed this ""human homeworld"" whilst I was busy elsewhere! Bet that taught Mr Dodgy Crimelord a thing or two! I'm sure there will be a few plots running side-by-side in each game - I've not many hours into the game as I write this, I'm sure I will discover more.There are alien homeworlds too, most are indifferent or downright hostile to start with. Some can be cajooled into being friendly if you find the right things/wingmen as you explore other worlds. Once friendly you can trade with them too..... but other races credits won't mean zip to them, you will have separate credit accounts with each friendly race! Others, forget it, they will simply *never* be friends!!!!!So far, it seems a high difficulty level game too..... but as I mentioned earlier, I'm only just starting out here!Good fun up till now!"
,Not Recommended,269990,30483973,Posted: 12 March,all,Sargon,I loved the first two Infinite Space games. They were awesome quick games to sit down and play when I needed a quick break from work. Very stress free and fun. I had the highest expectations for the third installment in one of my all time favorite space sims... and I have played it for less than an hour...What killed it for me was the new 3D navigation map. It feels unfinished clunky. The previous games had an awesome 2D star map you navigated and it worked flawlessly.  I really hated going to different stars only find find out I was navigating through a nebula unexpectedtly due to how the map works.It is really a shame because I have always loved this type of game and this franchise.Edited to fix a spelling mistake
,Recommended,269990,19636282,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,johnwh,"A lot of games have tried to fill in the space exploration roguelike niche recently, but I find that none of them do it nearly as well as Digital Eel's classic Infinite Space series (Strange Adventures In Infinite Space and especially Weird Worlds: More Adventures In Infinite Space).  Now, at last, we have a third game in the series.Well, it's great! However....  There are some changes to the structure from previous games.  The biggest one is that the starmap is now 3D!  This makes the process of getting around the Purple Void a bit more challenging than before, and makes navigation a much larger part of the game.  It's now no longer as obvious if your route will go through a nebula, in particular.  (My advice: if the travel time says ""at least X days"", then a nebula will slow you down somewhere along the way.)  The starmap screen is rather confusing.  I can tell that some effort has gone into making it easier to understand, but it's easy for a new player to get overwhelmed by it all.  I urge you to spend some time with it, figure out how to rotate and zoom in and out with the mouse, and treat its challenges as part of the game instead of a barrier to entry.  It is definitely worth it.For the most part the game content feels like a logical succession from Weird Worlds.  There's a couple more races on each map and there are a few new items (not enough though, I'd say!).  A few particular items, however, have been removed or nerfed: Hyperdrives are no longer as awesome as they once were, and the Aethric Mirror and Mantle of Babulon are gone completely.Partly because of the missing items, and partly because of something I'll reveal next paragraph, combat is much more important to the game.  You could often play entire games of Weird Worlds as a complete pacifist, or else just drag out a Chromium Gong for the one battle you have to fight.  You end up having to fight to explore territory more often now.  By the way, most alien races now have the ability to travel between systems, and sometimes you can explore a system you couldn't get to before because its guard has abandoned it.Now, the biggest change.  EVERY GAME HAS A MISSION NOW.  In Weird Worlds, the primary game was exploration, building value, and getting back to Hope on time.  But the game would secretly decide randomly, with a one-in-eight chance, that the current game would be a Mission Game.  In those games, in addition to the normal quest given by Lextor Mucron/Col. Brass, you would have to do something extra to protect your homeworld.  You might have to fend off an invasion by Ravians, locate and destroy the Yellow Kwangi, or in a complex sequence locate a powerful starship and use it to destroy the base of an evil space lord.  Since the missions were rare, the all had an air of specialness, and knowing when you got one that you might not see it again for a long time was a great way of upping the stakes.Well now, every game is a mission game.  The missions from previous games seem to be back, and there are a couple more now.  The stakes are not always so dire: at least one mission type doesn't result in the end of human life if you don't set it off!However, there is a feeling that the mood of the game has changed.  Because every game will have a mission somewhere, the goal of getting back home on time has been dropped; not only can you now retire anywhere with no penalty, but the game will ask if you want to do so the moment you finish the mission.  The wonderful and quirky opening and closing text has been greatly abbreviated, and the special goals of Weird Worlds when played with the Science vessel, which could prioritize different aspects of exploration, are gone.  In short, the game doesn't feel as much as it were /a bunch of strange adventures/ any more, which may be why that phrase is now sadly missing from the title.Well, truthfully much of that stuff is still in the game.  I wish it played more of a role, that it had been expanded, that the adventures were even stranger and more fun than Weird Worlds.  Well, Weird Worlds still exists (and hey, now its $5!), it's still just as fun, and it's not going anywhere.  Sea of Stars does not obsolete Weird Worlds: More Adventures In Infinite Space, and it is still lots of fun to play, even if the learning curve is a little steeper than before, and I'm sure the mod community will help it to thrive just as it did with the previous entires."
,Recommended,269990,28274040,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Juicy Thunder Liker,"Great game to play on a lunch break, especially if you take a four hour lunch."
,Recommended,269990,20577529,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,mindlace,Absolutely brilliant follow-up to Weird Worlds and Infinite Space II. If you liked either of those games or you like exploration games - you must buy this one! Whatever complaints there may have been regarding navigating the star-map don't hold true in the latest version.It contains everything I loved about the old version - fairly complex system under the hood with a user-friendly surface - with a gorgeous 3d interface. I loved the way it popped on my Retina display - most games insist on playing themselves in low-res mode but this was fully playable.An amazingly polished game for an indie studio. I love it.
,Recommended,269990,15314401,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Telarius,"Having played Weird Worlds: Return To Infinite Space and deeply enjoyed it, I was eager to pick up this title.  So far, I have not been disappointed, development seems to be headed to create a more up-to-date game with more features.  Having stated that, this game is in Early Access and not complete.  There are bugs, imbalances. and missing content, but the developers are providing regular releases.Though I have not had the opportunity to play this title very much yet, I have high hopes for the future of this game.  For those who are uncomfortable purchasing a game prior to it being truly complete, I recommend purchasing Weird Worlds."
76561197981122452,Recommended,269990,21877323,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,triad4evr,"This is perhaps my favorite ""Rogue Like"" game since it's really difficult to get stuck with utterly nothing to due because of bad randomness. Sometimes you have to do a lot of running away, but there's always something to do! If I had one complaint it is that the game is too short- I often finally get rolling with a couple of decent higher-end ships and I am out of time. But that's a minor quibble. There's no ""save game"" either, but the average game is pretty short so that's okay too."
76561198239489020,Recommended,269990,22320808,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ahertono,"Sea of Stars is the absolute apogee of the series. Having been a satisfied customer since the Early Access phase, I have played it so often, and enjoyed it so much, that I will heartily recommend it to anyone looking for a great indie title. Everything - from the 3D map and graphics, to the extra content (which makes up for that which was removed) lifts it well above its illustrious predecessor, which is saying something considering I also loved Weird Worlds. Don't miss out on your chance to explore the galaxy... in 15 minutes or less!"
,Recommended,269990,23034590,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Ultra Skeleton,"Hello, spacefarers! 'Tis I, Skeletor! Once again, I have deemed a game worthy of my immortal eye, and all of you should know what that means; I find this system WOEFULLY INACCURATE! If you are an impatient crudscuttle and want to see the points you should consider before buying this game, search for ~tildes and you can get back to using the internet for looking at cat pictures and updating your social media! Pah!Do know that I've spent more then my in-game time playing it as I, Skeletor, often choose to play games offline, where that bumbling Beast Man can't bother me!Let's start by getting this out of the way - I'm sure you know this, but in the downtime between trying to conquer Eternia, I like to look to the heavens and imagine... What if I could fly, free like a bird, up into the stratosphere? OBVIOUSLY, YOU FOOL! I would melt in the upper atmosphere, then fall to the ground in a blaze of cinders and ash - never to defeat my rival, HE-MAN!There are a lot of games out there that try to make that dream a reality; most are suitably epic in scope, though I'd argue that rather reduces the effect some of them have. Infinite Space is a long-running franchise from the fine folks at Digital Eel; Weird Worlds and Strange Adventures (in Infinite Space) coming before it. Strange Adventures is the first, and by far the title I've played the most; but Sea of Stars is rapidly climbing up to match it.Let's start with the things that leaved to a lot of tiny, 0.5 hour reviews; the game is audacious enough to attempt a 3D star system while it's previous titles used tried and true 2D space; most people play a game, don't like or learn the system, and leave. And that... Is valid. What! Neanderthal, did you truly expect me to judge someone for disliking electronic media?! Well, I do, but that's beside the point -I feel that the 3D system is done incredibly well, it's just incredibly counter-intuitive to how we're used to playing games, especially games like Sea of Stars, especially if you're familiar with the previous games. Most people give up on it, which leads to them missing all the new content, which leads them to decrying the game as not having as much as it's predecessors...And that is a tragedy.For in a sea of epic games that have epic starlanes, great clashes of fleets, superhighend graphics and whatever bells and lights you fleshlings like, Sea of Stars is the title that keeps pulling me back, and grants me the greatest feeling of story and involvement.Each planet and star is lovingly coloured and rendered, the array of events both old and new never fails to tell an interesting tale whomever I choose to captain the S.S. SKELETOR and it's brave crew of myself. Many are old events I am familiar with, but just as many are small things from older games fleshed out, entirely new events, characters, or objects, or things that just work differently then they did in earlier jaunts in Infinite Space.The bone-chilling music from the Digital Eel Nightmare Band grabs me in a way no over Sci-Fi soundtrack has; it is atmospheric when exploring, each sound delightfully plucked from the best of brainstuff. And the songs that play as my fleet dares to broach the Garthan Red Zone, or play with the laughing colours of the Urluquai... Fantastic.I love this game. That doesn't mean it's for everyone, but I genuinely love it.The thrill of defeat as my wounded capital ship lingers past the Tan-Ru drone fleet, Ripcord crashing once again as electric death sizzles through the void - only to be saved by the timely arrival of the Klakar, their weapons tearing enemy craft asunder - but for nought. My Zorg Helmsman flees. I am alone in the void.... I, Skeletor... Have perished.A tear to the eye, truly.The game is not perfect; it requires you to learn it; I did so after one playthrough, you may require more, or even pick it up on your first run. It has errors though I have not had one crash or failure to launch; it is short, but requires you play it through multiple times to truly appreciate.But at the cost and the amount of time I've put into it on and off-line (roughly thirty hours and counting as of this review) if you like humble stories of space, aliens, laughter, told personally and in the back of your brainbox...I would strongly recommend this game.~Cons~* Can require multiple playthroughs to learn and become skilled with the UI.* Some people will never like the UI; this may be more or less important to you.* Random events can be frustrating to those unfamiliar with roguelike gameplay.~Pros~* Rich and involved random chance creates interesting playthroughs whether you're just killing time, or trying to go for a high score at the end. Will you end up losing your entire fleet save the mighty Thunderbucket, or fleeing with what you can load on your capital ship..?* UI is incredibly useful and impressive when you adapt to it, or so I find it. There are many aspects I wish other games would implement. This may vary for you, see the above con.* Difficulty can be as gentle as a stroll down Snake Mountain or as harrowing as fighting that dastardly He-Man.* Everything is filled with a charm and love that stands out against the sterility of many space-based games. For those who enjoy roguelikes and are willing to give this a try, there's a lot that stands out and feels authentically 'sci-fi'. This is more subjective then anything else I have said, but that makes it all the more important! The colours, ambience - everything are fantastic.* Combat is deeply satisfying, especially when you start to get a feel for the various weapons and ships; as is using cunning and intrigue to avoid or subvert encounters. Ship explosions are also quite satisfying, but watch out for bugs, they can be surprisingly enduring pests..!~ Final Review ~Don't purchase this if you are an old hand and have no patience for re-learning the UI, or if you're unwilling to lose a few times while learning the game.Consider purchasing the game if you are a fan of science fiction, rogue-lite gameplay that can be quite challenging if you ratchet up the difficulty, and stories that can be quite humorous but surprisingly impactful if you give them a chance.Strongly consider buying this if you enjoy ambience and atmosphere, excellent stellar music, great space combat, and an even better sense of humour, do not mind investing some time into learning/re-learning the UI, and are looking for something that can either be played several games at a time, or over your human 'lunch' break.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to wreak vengeance upon the Calatians for stranding me with their crummy Thunderbucket, those furry fools!"
76561198066422481,Recommended,269990,15087207,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,defraggs,I highly recommend the nice little quick game.
76561198027019860,Recommended,269990,11138418,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Joharassit,"I think, as fun as Weird Worlds is, this game is better tbh, if you can look past the new 3D look of this game, as most have stated the move too 3D was not nessessarily a good thing, but the more you play the game, you realize, it is not that difficult navigating the new 3D map and unlike the other 2 games in this series, I found combat in this game too be refreshingly more user friendly, sure there are some tough fights, but get a big enough crew and you should not have a problem. Great game imo, highly recommend even if it is in early access, which I normally don't go for, but this game I took the plunge and don't regret it one bit."
76561198256622627,Not Recommended,269990,18776791,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,edmund_aldridge,"It seems like an intriguing game to play; however, after about 15 minutes of game play the game crashes. I'm hoping that it'll stop if I find some way to fix this. Otherwise, I'll have to ask for my money back. As of right now, I don't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198085173934,Recommended,269990,17102498,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Zokar,<3
,Not Recommended,269990,29703834,Posted: 4 February,all,Xelos,"Game-ending RNG, stay away from this if you'd rather not waste time. You'll spend time collecting a bunch of stuff only to be halfway across the galaxy and have your homeworld destroyed with no way to prevent it unless you have a specific item. Shame because overall the game isn't too bad such as the combat mechanics."
76561197970520302,Recommended,269990,13041199,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,harrisHawk,"This game is awesome. As a fun of their previous works Strange Adventures and Wierd Worlds, I love how this game is progressing.The premise of this type of game is a quick fun game that you can play in a half-hour.  The replayability of this genre is great, and it also helps you kick back, take a risk, and forget that there is no save button."
76561198072362813,Not Recommended,269990,20626228,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,GreyGoth,Complete piece of crap. Unbalanced game play and nearly unwinnable 75% of the time even with the best weapons and shields. Ugly too with poor controls. Screens for inventory overlap hardpoints on your ship that you are trying to use. Annoying and constant large pop ups for new ships as they become availble blocking your screen. A complete mess from a formerly great franchise.
76561197982822450,Recommended,269990,13020216,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,paul.houpt,Excellent addition to an amazing franchise. If you liked wierd worlds you will like this I promise!
,Not Recommended,269990,19350933,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Enkido,SUCKS BALLSACK 0/10
76561198075252489,Recommended,269990,9909431,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,spilsburybob5,For me the game is only lacking in the sence that it is to short.  So if they made it longer it would worth it to get
76561198017633138,Recommended,269990,19172206,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Ludi_Cucek,"I was really excited to play this game, since I spend a lot of time playing the first two. I was, accually hoping they would focus more on expanding the universe, lore etc. rather than focusing on the 3D elements, since they don't improve the game that much. I like that they added the upgrade ship option but other than that not much new.It's still the good old Infinite Space we love.If you have 30-45 min to spare it's great to kill time and it has great replay value."
,Recommended,269990,32259792,Posted: 7 June,all,Inhibit,"Infinite space and it's weird worlds forebearers are some of my favorite lunch-break games. They're fun, short, and have enough of a variety of events that I keep playing."
