user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198039994485,Recommended,270150,15202037,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Eugene1St,"What can I say about RWR?Let me put it this way - I have a buddy that rage quits. Everything.14hrs < edit 32hrs :-o > in he is yet to rage quit this game.Single player is good.COOP is better.PVP is insane.Stick to cover, crouch lots, and you'll do well.Nuff said.10/10 would not rage quit."
,Recommended,270150,15169456,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ǝnlq pǝɯɐN ǝuO ǝɥ┴,"In my Alien Swarm review I stated that it was easily my favourite top down shooter to date, Well, as good as Alien Swarm is, it's just met it's best contender yet, That being said, Running With Rifles is more of a open sandbox, tactical top down shooter in which you take the role of a simple soldier in a fight of potential hundreds, the old saying ""One man can make a difference"" is one you should keep in mind when playing.The main objective of the campaign is to capture all of the areas on the local island the game takes place, but how you go about doing that is completely up to you, there is no set method for you to follow and you're given the creative freedom of how to overcome your current mission, this is what makes the game stand out for me. Would you rather stand with your brothers in arms on the frontlines, directly taking the fight to the enemy? Would you prefer to sit back and support with sniper fire or perhaps manning an Abrahms tank? or maybe you'd like to take a team around and attempt a finnicky yet rewarding amphibious stealth attack? All are viable and all will help bring your team one step closer to victory, best of all, it will be you who had ultimately changed the tide of the battle.You can easily tailor your equipment to the situation and there are many, many methods of taking care of your enemies, from rifles, grenades, pistols, MGs, mounted MGs, snipers, tanks, jeeps, C4s, impact grenades as well as a number of shotguns, smgs, rocket launchers, more rifles, body armours, silenced weapons and even apc turrets, if you get bored of one weapon, there will be a number of potential candidates to take its place.The game does have a ranking system which releates to the in-game radio you can use to call in support from your base of operations, the higher your rank, the better support you can request, so long as you have RP to do it - a tradable resource on multiplayer servers that players obtain by capturing bases, spotting important targets such as enemy tanks and destroying opposing communications - you can request down reinforcements to help finish capturing a point, you could bombard a heavily fortified enemy position or maybe you just need that little extra edge of a friendly tank storming the opponents down.Thats the general gameplay, so how are the controls? In short, very good for what it is.The controls are very smooth and responsive, there is a slight slide in the game, probably to help emphasise that your soldier is quite heavy and can't just change on a whim, you can go prone and crouch which both increase your general accuracy by a significant amount, you can jump up smaller buildings, climb ladders and hop over fences to your hearts content, but that doens't mean you shouldn't be staying behind cover the second you spot the enemy force.RWR is a fine top down shooter, I love the art style, sound effects are crisp and war torn and the game itself is just great fun to play, with friends especially, I remember this one game I was playing with two amigos, we had been at this fight agaisnt the Greycollars for 2 and a half hours, It got to the point where we had to use a tactical mindset, one of us stays behind with a squad to defend the base under attack whilst the other two attempted to push the base to relieve some pressure, I love games that put you in a particular mindset, one where you really think about your next moves and RWR does that surprisingly well.Modulaatio Games, I hope your game does well, in summary, Running With Rifles feels refreshing, new and most importantly, enjoyable and fun. If you're at all intrested, I'd happily recommend it, worth it's price, replayable and quite something else."
76561198051068864,Recommended,270150,14700785,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[VG] ZillerSplat,"1 battle took 4 hours to complete.And during that time I was sneaking into enemy bases, spraying miniguns, using a crap ton of RPG's, and most important of all: running with my rifle.Buy this, the devs deserve your money."
76561198018464730,Recommended,270150,15202166,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Strings,HI there...I'm the buddy that rage quits11/10have'nt rage quit yet :P
76561198011972396,Recommended,270150,9450011,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Ojitchi,"I've played the Desura release of RWR for probably at least 100 hours (and most of that's just in single player) and can confidently recommend it to anyone looking for a fun shooter with some very unique qualities.  More to the point, I've described this to friends as a combination between Cannon Fodder, General Chaos, and War Hawk.  On top of that, the game really gives a sense that you're a tiny soldier in a big war.  You won't be able to Rambo your way to victory, but instead will need to work with your team (even if they're just AI) to achieve objectives.  Speaking of the AI, it's really good and constantly being improved.  I believe the developer even had an interview somewhere about developing the AI.  It reacts to situations dynamically and can do almost everything the player can.All of this comes together in a really fun way.  If you like pick up and play shooters but long for something a little more dynamic/deep then this is the game for you.  I find myself just enjoying watching the AI soldiers fight and it's satisfying knowing I'm a part of a larger battle.  There's really nothing else like this out there.Edit (as of June10/2014): A player experessed some concern that RWR isn't very similar to Cannon Fodder, so I want to make a note here about my comparisons to other games.  Read on.Cannon Fodder: Cannon Fodder's movement feels ""floaty"" to me (in an arcady good way), and the mouse aiming, while less precise than RWR's, is similar.War Hawk: Mostly because RWR is a fairly large-scale multiplayer game, but also because even in singleplayer, as I've mentioned in my review, RWR makes you feel like part of a team. That's something I felt quite strongly in War Hawk as well.General Chaos: Probably the least warranted comparison, but hey, obviously I like General Chaos and wanted to make some connections.  General Chaos has been described by some as an RTS, and certainly it has tactical elements.  You control where your soldiers move and then just hold down one button to shoot (which you absolutely do NOT do in RWR) but in commando mode you control one character directly.  Again, the movement is similar and there is cover.  The battlefield is isometric, so not quite the same perspective, but close.Net War: I sincerely doubt many people played Net War, but basically it was one of the first online only shooters.  It was overhead, had team based modes and there were vehicles.  Pretty similar actually, but RWR is better."
,Recommended,270150,15615825,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Pommy,No one that plays this game seems to know what the Geneva Convention is.
76561198160433325,Recommended,270150,14828837,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,StolenMadWolf,"Well, now I have completed one campaign and played a little bit online and I have to say, this is one of the finest games I have played in a while! This game is dangerously addictive as you play to conquer a military theater of war.In the game, you can play as three factions, the Greenbelts (Americans), the Greycollars (Germans) and the Brownpants (Russians) as common foot soldier. Now, you are not just a regular everyday action hero like in most of the big games. Here, you are as weak and as expendable as the AI you fight with and against, another regular joe, another number.In this game, a single shot (unless you are wearing a vest) will kill you. Sure, you can keep on going with your soldier with his randomly generated name, ranging from standard names to the occassonal name such as 'Pigfat', and run with a massive streak or keep him alive for the whole mission or campaign even. It is certainly possible, but it will be difficult as it is as it is almost certain that your guy will eventully die, there is almost a certain inevitability about it. But luckily for you, you can respawn straight off the bat with another soldier with a new name.For an indie game, RWR is actually very deep in tactics and how you play. The AI, whilst not godlike, is actually rather smart. They will keep their heads down if surpressed, move in to blow up your valuable tanks with rockets, swarm you if alone and will flank if given the oppitunity. Coupled with the fact that you are just as weak as they are, tactics are a must.In the game, you quite literally run with rifles to different objectives in order to capture, but there is nothing to stop you from getting a sniper rifle, silenced pistol and some C4 and proceed to blow up a radio tower on the otherside of the map. There is nothing to stop you from hanging back and defending a freshly conquered site, the game offers a great freedom on how to play. You can get a squad that increases in size as you level up and lead the charge (which will probably get you killed) or go and be a lone wolf and do your own thing.And the details and additions to deepen the gameplay are obvious and very useful. Players of a certain rank will be able to call in support in the form of artillery strikes, airborne reforcements, dropping of cover and even deploying ground vehicles. Armories allow you to buy weapons, equipment and other useful pieces of equipment. Stashes allow you to place your valulable weapons and gear, and bonus items are scattered around, such as rare weapons or items to increase your currency count.All in all, Running With Rifles is one of the best indie games I have played, it is hillarously fun and exciting, as well as being dangerously addictive!My only real area of critism is the final missions of the campaign, which are the only missions that I have not enjoyed. The first involves being the only guy present and having to infiltrate an town filled with a horde of enemies. It was painfully frustrating, even in a large group. The second was just as bad, where you have to storm a castle and an arena in order to fight the only 'real' boss of the game, an tank armed with a weapon akin to the artillery strikes. A lot of it was just charging in and trying to fire a few rockets off, or trying to sneak through the defenses to get your hands on a mortar to try and kill it with that. Utterly horrible and I hope they are at the very least reworked to make your time easier, or replaced all together.I would like to see quite a few things in the game for the future, such as:- More vehicles: Sure, you have a few vehicles, jeeps, rubber boats, transport trucks, IFV/APCs, tanks and on some maps a patrol boat. But it is still left up to the infantry. I like that the infantry has a solid chance against vehicles, but I would like to see more. A light tank? An artillery vehicle? Perhaps even aircraft, that would offer a whole realm of possibilities.- Additional gamemodes: Whilst the campaign and multiplayer is fun, a few additional modes wouldnt hurt. Currently, the only two modes are the regular capture-the-bases missions and a handful of King-of-the-Hill style missions. A few new game modes such as a capture-the-flag, assault, or sabatage gametype would be interesting.- New maps/additional campaigns: If I recall correctly, modding is a thing the developers are interested in. Mods or not, a would like to see some new maps in the future or perhaps a brand new second campaign to keep things fresh.- Global War: This is asking for a bit much here, but if multiple theaters/campaigns are introduced along with other features, you could have an  (online) global war between the Greens, Greys, Browns and any other factions that get added (Redcoats for Brits? Bluehats for French? Whiterobes for Japanese?) and fight over the world, trying to secure each map, ultimately leading to a final battle if one side conquers most of if not all the world. (Hopefully not something horrible like the current final missions)All in all, a brillant game worth your money. 9 out of 10 easily, only damaged by the horrible final missions that need to be addressed."
,Recommended,270150,18409527,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,YOPG,"RUNNING WITH RIFLESis a top-down tactical shooter with really big open world and some RPG elements.You play as Soldier of 3 fractions (Green,Brown,Gray)PROS+ Epic battles+ 1 battle can take even 5 hours+ Realism+ Explodions+ Cars/Airbornes/Tanks and a lot of more!+ Leveling and reputation system!+ Inventory! You can change your weapon, grenades+ lots of weapons+ There can be even 800 soldiers in 1 battle!+ Multiplayer (Players vs bots, Players vs players)+ Free updates!+ Cool graphics+ Nice Soundtrack+ No DLC!+ CampaignCons- You can't destroy big buildings- You can't enter them too :(- Some bugsBuy or don't?If you like Trailer do it now!!! Is worth that 14,99!"
,Recommended,270150,9466730,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ermilalex,"This game has been out there for about 2 years or more, only available at Desura (where it has already got a bit of a fanbase), but now it has finally found its way to Steam. It provides players with a really unique experience by making them seemingly insignificant - in ""RUNNING WITH RIFLES"" you are not ""the chosen one"", you are just a soldier, just like the hundreds of others around you. If you think that titles like Call of Duty or Battlefield can give off the similar kind of feelings - you are horribly mistaking; in Battlefield you fight maximum of 32 enemies at a time, while in RWR there can be hundreds of them! Therefore, yes, you will be totally unable to turn the tide of a fight – nobody can defeat 200 hostiles on his own. However, don't think that player's actions don't matter at all: you can take charge of a squad, and then you'll possibly become a real threat, that you enemies won't be able to simply ignore. Your squadron will still not be able to destroy the enemy forces completely, but it will deal significant damage by blowing up their vehicles, radars and other tactical points, capturing their fortifications and slowly depleting their reinforcements.In the single-player campaign, as well as most of the multi-player battles, the majority of both players' and opponents' teams consists of AI-controlled soldiers. Bots can do everything players can - form squads, drive cars and tanks, take cover, use knives, grenades and sniper rifles. It's worthy of note that AI is really decent, not as good as a real person, obviously, but much better than in most other games, even singleplayer ones, and especially indie-titles. It will try to flank you, use every advantage it can - trenches, artillery, vehicles. It acts pretty much like an RTS AI, which makes it smart and quite challenging to deal with.But what makes the game for me - it's its community. Online players are very friendly, people often cooperate to achieve certain goals; more experienced players always help the newbies to fit in; low-ranked players are often OK with doing a little bit of roleplaying and executing higher-ranked ones' orders. Even the devs can be found online chatting with the community!So, if you are looking for something new in Action genre, if you are tired of ""standard"" shooters and always-angry players constantly yelling at each other, you should totally try ""RUNNING WITH RIFLES"".An update? Indeed! More so, a post-release one.So, what has changed in this game over the course of months? Not much, to be fair. The community has grown a fair bit, but most of the people are still nice to each other; the AI got even smarter than it was previously; the very few issues that there were with the game crashing to desktop seem to have been resolved; the user interface has been partially reworked, and now it's somewhat more intuitive and less confusing for the new players... so, to sum up, the game process hasn't changed much since this review was originally written, which was over a year ago. Instead of adding new features, overcomplicating the game and breaking it with every update, the dev focused on tweaking and fixing, which, in my opinion, worked out perfectly. All the small problems that this game had have been fixed, and nearly all aspects of it have been improved in one way or the other. If you considered ""RUNNING WITH RIFLES"" interesting, but didn't want to buy an unfinished game, now it might be the time to do it; most likely, it has only become better since the last time you checked.P.S. My apologies for my bad English, which is not that bad, but still no way near perfect. It became somewhat better since the review was originally written, and yet I'm still kind of dissatisfied with the quality of the review... so, feel free to point at my mistakes if I wrote something stupid. ;)"
,Recommended,270150,15191029,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Oceanic Meatball,"This game has successfully become the least/most innocent game on Steam.One second you and your pals are having a good time watching the wacky ragdolls, the next second you are slitting the throats of surrendering enemies.10/10 would War Crime again"
,Recommended,270150,18260110,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,nuffy,"Unlike some military shooters you are a nobody, a random soldier with a combat life expectancy of thirty seconds who is simply sent to a war zone with minimal equipment and instructions to head to a rally point and muster for an assault on an enemy strong point.The A.I., though simple, is excellent for the game. Troopers under fire take cover before shooting back, they can tell where gunfire comes from with extreme accuracy, and low ranking solders group together under a superior officer freely. If pushed, the A.I. can even call in Artillery strikes almost as well as a human player.Any mass infantry charge without some sort of support, even from something as small as a Humvee, is going to result in hundreds of deaths. But damn if it doesn't look cool to have fifty men charging a position.The year is whenever, the place is wherever, and three expy armies are duking it out; the German Greycollars, the Russian Brownpants, and the American Greenbelts. Fighting over a small country, these armies, in their hundreds of thousands, wage a brutal war for no clear reason and for no discernible purpose. And into this steps you, fresh from basic, with a gun, a first aid kit, a grenade, and instructions to carry out all orders.Hell yes I recommend this game."
,Recommended,270150,13442524,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Joe Grumbo,"Running With Rifles is a game in which you start out as a simple grunt in an army filled with hundreds of people. It's a simple looking game that can run even on my toaster. You start out as a Private in either the Greenebelts (BOOO) Graycollars (BOO YOU STINK ASWELL) or the Brownpants (YEEEEEEEEEAH!) Depending on what faction you choose when creating a new campaign, you'll be sent to one of the vast, diverse maps. Soon, if you're doing what you should be, you should get into a huge, bloody firefight trying to capture a sector, watching your comrades fall before you, and maybe even dying yourself. But don't worry, death isn't permanent. There's a lot I can say about this game, but to keep it simple I'll just list what I like, dislike, and want in the future.What I like:- The ranking system. Start out as a private, kill enemies and capture objectives to get XP, rank up. When you become a corporal you get a mobile radio that allows you to call in mortar salvos, which can be useful if you need to unwedge some pesky Graycollars.- The radio. You expend RP (resource points, which you get from trading in weapons and collectables) to call in support, such as mortar salvos, reinforcements, and eventually as you rank up even more, artillery salvos and tanks.- The weapons. Weapons are taken from real life (M16, AK47, LAWs, etc.) and add to the immersion of the game-Firefights. The firefights you get into in this game are amazing. Watching as a bridge that had nothing but Jersey barriers and abandoned cars turn into a battleground with blood spilled everywhere, corpses strewn about and wrecks of cars is just, ohhh it's so amazing.- Day-to-night cycle. It's not always daytime in a battle. I dunno if this happens or not, but it'd be interesting to see both sides pull back during night to recuperate and resume fighting the next day.-The maps. Maps are all varied, some big, entrenched sections of land, some small coastal cities, some tiny peaceful isles caught in the middle of a bloody war. My favorite has to be Black Gold Estuary- The graphics. Nice and simple, not too demanding. Hope they never change.RWR is a pretty great game, but there's still some things that I don't like.- The AI is a bit wonky while driving. Sometimes if you hop in a car with them driving they may turn back and not go to the objective, but other than that they're fine.- Lack of naval assault/ land assault vehicles. You get APCs that have an autocannon turret, a tank, and sometimes a Humvee, but most of the time you'll get jeeps. For naval assaults you get a rubber boat which doesn't offer much protection, and on Black Gold Estuary you get a badass patrol boat that is armored and armed to the teeth. More on these next.- The Squad AI is pretty bad in my opinion. If I tell them to move to a position, they should seek out the nearest cover, because most of the time I'm behind sandbags and my squad is hovering around behind me getting picked off by Graycollars.- 3-faction maps. ♥♥♥♥ those, they're fun the first time playing them but after awhile they get stale, boring, and frustatingly hard. Especially Power Junction. The smallest map in the entire campaign is a King of The Hill map, that's fine. But three ♥♥♥♥ing factions? On the smallest map going for one point? No, it's just too hard to enjoy.So there's not that much wrong with the game besides wonky acting AI, and the lack of boats. There's some other things I'd like to see in the future of this game.What'd I'd like to see:- Halftracks. A mix between a tank, a troop transport, and an APC.- Higgins boats/ AAVs (Assault Amphibious Vehicles) , just to give landing forces a bit more protection.- More banter between the soldiers, it'd add to immersion.- Limited ammo as a toggleable feature. You don't have unlimited ammo for your rifles, and when you run out you either scavenge for weapons or you go back to the armory to resupply. I think it'd make the mobile armory more importance.Overrall a 9/10, fun game."
76561198055877240,Recommended,270150,22769093,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ocelot,"OK, after hours and hours I have decided to write a review. And dont get me wrong, I love this game, it is by far the game I play the most, but it is also by far the most frustrating game I play as well. The greatest strength this game has is the coop game play mode, but in its current state, you WILL NOT have a play session without desyncing, lagging, and teleporting, and as such I cant really suggest anyone play it, unless you are ok with constant desync issues. Teleporting from behind cover just at the right momment to die. Trying to climb a ladder only to teleport meters away like you were never on the ladder, driving a vehicle and the controls are extremely delayed, bumping into a tree and getting desynced, trying to drop deployable cover, then for some reason you automatically drop the next cover in your inventory, when you only meant to drop one, the list goes on and on. My ping is only ever around 50 to 70, and only ever fluxuates up or down at max ten points, a very normal flux for anybody. and yet, the server is only ever sending me out 8 to 10 max and im only ever sending out 1 or less. Constant server crashes is a norm. So, despite my thumbs up, I cant honestly recomend this game unless you want to play single player, or you are ok with constant lag. something must be done if the game is ever to grow like it should. This game should be winning awards, this game should be at the top of everyones list, but yet it isnt, and the desync issues are the reason why."
76561198063578550,Recommended,270150,15369432,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Tyrannosaurus Flex,"Do you like respawning? Dieing? Are you a masochist? Do you like crawling back to cover begging for a medic only to be turned into pink mist by a mortar round? If the answer is yes, then you sir should go see a doctor.The battles are chaotic, fast paced, but can last hours per map. The slightest mistake will get you killed instantly. Teamwork is key, although getting every one on the same page is even more difficult. When everyone one does work together, its beautiful.Not for those who want to be Rambo."
,Recommended,270150,22581455,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Space Bear,"First Interaction with this game.Soldiers:1-30 die horribly, ♥♥♥♥ing horribly.31-45 I'm figuring out cover and concealment and looting for rp.45-80 I'm starting to kill some baddies.Willie ""Motherfucl<er"" Coleman is my new spawn. He earned the nickname, he had balls the size of Chesty Puller's jowls. Willie pushed a frontline 3 separate times, Willie held off a ~25 man wave of Grey Collars at about 15m using only a small half-cover rock. Willie saved the ♥♥♥♥ing day, as the surge of friendly troops rushed by, Willie ran alongside them, proud of his accomplishment. Willie got run the ♥♥♥♥ over by a friendly jeep."
,Recommended,270150,26628238,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,MattyRasker,"I jumped into Running With Rifles at the end of it's Early Access period, after playing the demo.The idea is simple - you are a soldier, on a battlefield, in of one of 3 armies, and your army has to conquer the battlefield by taking all the points. When you die (and you will die, lots), you spawn as a new soldier (but you don't lose any of your XP or stats), and you carry on. There are a variety of weapons at your disposal, and you can drive a range of vehicles, including tanks. In Single Player, you can buy weapons with money and loot you find on the battlefield, and you gain XP and RP to level up the ranks too. The higher your rank, the bigger squad you can manage. Oh and as you get higher in the ranks, you get access to better air drops and air strikes. Multiplayer has a similar system.On the battlefield, you can do whatever the hell you like. Want to go and support those soldiers over there trying to take that point? go for it. Want to go lone soldier? No problem. Take a tank, drive into the enemy base, running over anyone that get's in your way, including your own squad? Sure thing. Think of it as a ""battlefield sandbox"".And that is why I love this game. You will die a lot, sometimes constantly when the heat of battle turns up, but it's a game that doesn't take itself too seriously and allows you to play it how you want to play it.My experience in multiplayer is generally a positive one, although as a new player my advice would be to stick with the other players and do not drive the spawn truck into the heat of battle. Stick to that rule and you'll be fine.If you want to try it out, check the demo out - it's the demo that sold it to me and it's a bargain at usual price (even bigger bargain at 50% off).Highly recommended."
,Recommended,270150,15928388,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Lhama,"Pros:Tons of funYellow people (The Simpsons approves)3 factions with their own weaponsThe sh*t will get real when you reach high ranksMiniguns brotha,f*ck*ng minigunsBecome a great leader as you lead your army to victory or become a lone wolf and sabotage enemy supplies and InfrastructureYou can adjust the enemy AI as you wish (i highly recommend the maximum blood and hardest setup for maximum rage,despair and sorrow to simulate the feelings of a real war)Every time you die,you character dies and another trooper will be at your command when you respawn (i really miss you Private Ryan :/ )The developers are very responsible always sending patches and answering the community (h*ll,they even helped me fix a corrupted game save)Tons of vehicles (from prisoners transport,intel trucks, tanks and boats)The AI is very Independent when not in your squad,they will try to take areas,hold them off,call for backup and air strikes/suppliesThe dialog between the soldiers are awesomeThe ragdolls and explosions are very realisticTons of weapons,equipments and explosivesThis is not a simple point and shoot,you need strategy modafuc*aAll the factions have elite soldiersRare weapons and equipments are hidden on the battlefieldThe aim of the AI in this game is one of the bestSolid campaign, the gamemode is like conquestLots of supplies and airdrops1 hit kill with knife (CoD inspiration maybe?)Cons:Some minor bugs (if you encounter them,report to the developers so they can fix it)The easy settings are way too easyOnce you conquer a world map region,its most probably that you will never loose itAs you rank up,no changes in your outfit,leaving you with the feeling of being an ordinary soldier.Some vehicles driveability are not good at all.Its a fact, you will rage hard in this gameThe game lacks more mapsThe AI is terrible at driving... Terrible,they get stuck in all possible objects, even a destroyed tank in a country road, with no fences on the side, the AI cant pass it, tthey just hit the object over and over until you jump out of the vehicle and kill your allies with a hand grenade.RWR is an awesome game and will provide hours of fun when you conquer regions and blow your enemies back to hell,and at same time disappointment when you got f*ucking rekt by the same enemies as they reconquer bases and defeat your forces in the mapObs:Some vehicles are not comfortable to drive because they have too much polygons10/10edit: fixing grammar errors and adding missing features."
,Recommended,270150,16144112,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Zorbaz,"Normally I do not write reviews. Often times I will read through the reviews before I buy the game. This is for those of you like myself! This game is undoubtedly challenging, if you want to go on a rampage and rush right at the enemy and expect to come out the other side alive, this may not be for you. However! This game will grown on you! You will constantly be raging at the sheer incompetance of your soldier as you send him running to his death. If you can live with dieing fifty times before you get the hang of the game, then this is undoubtedly the game for you. The sheer chaos and mayhame of trying to stay alive and hold on to you position as a half dozen guys are trying to flank and kill you is somewhere between rage inducing and abstractly tactical.Once you get the hang of the game you will soon find yout self promoted through the ranks, each rank unlocks additional gear and weapons. Soon a small fire team will be following you around, this allows you to focus on more tactical decisions. Where should I put up this sandbag? How am I going to tkae that hill with the MG on top? This is a sandbox warfare game, do you want to fight where the fighting is heaviest? Would you rather sneak around behind enemy line and sabotage communications and fuel depots?In conclusion, this game is stunningly simple, breathtakingly audacious and yet deviously difficult to master and when you feel you have a hang of it stop by the multiplayer servers, there is a nice community for this game.4 of 5 Highly Recommended as a Fun Shooter - remember to keep your head down.All of my Reviews are based on a 5 point scale. For referance 5s would be something I would remember five years from now. 4s are above average, and I would play them a lot. 3s are average, meaning I got some enjoyment out of it. 2s are just sad and 1s should never have been designedP.S. Do not forget to reload..."
,Recommended,270150,31786561,Posted: 16 May,all,Jagadhie,"THIS IS MY FIRST TRY ON DOING A FULL REVIEWFirst of all, This game is so underrated.HONESTLY, this game need more attention..The amount of content you get from this game is way bigger than what you usually get from an AAA game. Especially with all the mods that is available for you. and let me tell you. Most of the mods feel like an expansion and a diferrent game.THE GAMEThe basic :In this game, you play as a soldier. among other soldier.there is no such thing as hero / special character here, everybody is the same. no special power. the only thing that separate you from the other is rank, equipment, skills.Your objective & gamemodeI will cover only the gamemode that can be played offline & online.Which is QUICK MATCH & KING OF THE HILL.QUICK MATCH/SANDBOX :Ok, In this gamemode.. your objective. is to conquer the whole area. what do i mean by conquering, you may ask.The map is divided with base. Each map have different amount of base.The base is divided for each team. your team, need to conquer all of this base by clearing out the enemy defending the base. It's like capture the flag. but BIG.since there is no restriction on how you want to do your objective. this mode is sandbox-ish.ALSO, there is thing you can control before the match startthing you can control for example :Starting experience (more experience bigger rank), Starting resource points (you use this to call reinforcement, airstrike, tank, vehicle etc), How many soldier, how many base to capture etc.KING OF THE HILL :Similar to QUICK MATCH, but the only thing diferrent here is that you need to capture a base placed in the center of the map, and hold it non-stop for the required amount of time. If the enemy faction take the base back, the countdown timer will be reset.PROS & CONSPros :- This game is sandbox-ish, meaning you can do the objective freely, the way you wanted to do it. you can be a stealthy sniper with a ghillie suit, you can be a basic soldier fighting and pushing through the frontline, you can be a spy who scout the enemy base from a hill with your binocular, you can even be a guy with a ghillie suit who wear a no stealth-just shoot equipment. It's all up to you.- The community, yes, the community will try to help you in the forum as quick as they can. they are friendly as well. so don't be afraid to say hi and join.- The amount of content, This game have more content than most of AAA games have, thanks to the community too of course, you can have a game that include zombie survival experience, ww1, ww2, sci-fi etc. also, they keep adding more content by update.Cons :- The sound, i think it can be better. louder. and more crisp. i don't really feel the intensity of the sound in the frontline in this game.- The server, hosting a server for you and your friend need you to port forward your port first. and there are a lot of people out there that can't do it. and just wanted to have a quick fun for the day. they included a patch which enable people to host a server with their friends without port forwarding, but not all router is compatible sadly.OVERALLThis game is really fun, alone, and with your friend.the amount of freedom you have to complete your objective make every match diferrent. and that is a plus!but the server, hosting. can stop some people from playing with their friend.if you can & know how to port forward. you will have a blast with your friend, i guarantee.FeatureScoreGameplay9/10Sound7/10Multiplayer7.5/10OVERALL SCORE : 8.5/10"
76561198013162115,Recommended,270150,15181099,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,CannonSong,"An easy-to-learn, hard-to-master top-down run-and-gun with a surprisingly large amount of depth. An absolute blast to pick up and play, especially with friends!The lack of Steam matchmaking makes the work of port-forwarding and hosting a server something of a chore, but this is easily fixed with a bit of patience (and a VPN of your choice,) and the results are well worth it!All that, coupled with the low price, make this game a must-have if you're looking for a bit of frantic action. Absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,270150,24736299,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,AGMoyer,"So much shooting.Bombs constantly falling around me.Enemies trying to flank me.Car hit me and dragged me for 10 seconds.Spent 6 hours fighting for a street... So many bodies.Killed 900+ enemies, earned 2 promotions.The battle isn't over..."
76561198010905305,Recommended,270150,15251979,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Deadlyons,"Fantastic game really, the only thing that is missing in my opinion is the Steam Workshop for community mods. The potential this game has if they implemented the steam workshop, HUGE. Other than that really good game, I really liked the ranking system (you gain army ranks the more you play or the better you play)."
,Recommended,270150,16694005,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Meat_Grinder,"RUNNING WITH RIFLESIn one sentence it is a beautifully crafted minimalistic Top-Down Tactical shooter.The closest similar games are Cannon Fodder and Warhammer 40K: Dawn of War, with the difference that you are controlling just one unit. I am recommending this game because I feel that it does an amazing job capturing ""war"". WIth this game I've experienced war at it's fullest.Weapons here have a kill chance rather than taking off hp. It is possible to survive a full-auto M16 blast to the face, and then kill opponent with one shot. Such is war.I started as a Private, with a firefight lifespan of 15 to 30 seconds. In my first death ever, I was run over by our own tank because I didn't get out of it's way fast enough. By now the game says I've played ~67 hours, and died 1086 times total, which means I die on average every 3.7 minutes. What do these 3.7 minutes consist of?Running to the combat zone and getting shot right away.Running to the combat zone with your squad, getting pinned by sniper fire, leaving your squad to flank the enemy from the right and throwing him a fragmentation grenade.Running to the combat zone with your squad and straight into an enemy APC, which proceeds to mow you down in a matter of secondsRunning to the combat zone, hearing APC from the distance and dual rocketing it into oblivion, before it even does anything.Getting thrown out of your own boat and knifed by enemy commandos.Throwing out an enemy driver and hijacking an enemy tank.Sneaking into enemy base, hiding behind trees from big patrols and killing small patrols with silenced MP5, then destroying radar jammer, and finally calling airstrike on everyone inside.Having an airstrike called on you, and be the only survivor from your squad, as everything around you goes up in fireworks.Doing drive-by in a jeep, going ~100 kp/h as your squaddies obliterate everyone on the sides, while you run over slow ones.Running over to assist a wounded soldier, as enemy tank rolls into view and obliterates both of you.Shielding machinegunner with riot shield while he reloads, holding back the advancing enemy until support arrives.Blocking off passages for enemy vehicles with sandbags and car wrecks.Mining the road and exploding charges with enemy tank right above them. Most satisfactory.Lying wounded, watching your positions get overrun with enemy hordes, and then calling an airstrike on yourself and them. Because you were dead anyway.The list goes on forever.UPDATE:90% of the negative reviews on this game are written by people who have not bothered to even learn to play the game.Experience grind.One of the biggest problems people currently identify is the that you need to level up in order to level up faster.- Well, here is the easiest way to level up without having to ""git good"" - use shield. When you are wearing shield, you soak up 1 exp for every kill made by friendlies close to you. That means, if you are shielding a general, who calls heavy artillery strike on 30 people - you just got 30 exp in 30 seconds, doing nothing.- Second easiest way is to heal people. you get ~16 exp per heal.- A little harder, but the most profitable and best way to level up is to be in the capture zone when an area is captured. You get lots of RP and ~50 or something exp.""Servers are empty"" claims.Most of the players of this game are in North America. Fortunately or unfortunately for you."
,Recommended,270150,15323515,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Make DLC Great Again,"achieve major rank in singleplayer campaigngather a squad of 10 soldiersengage with enemy brownpants.take cover with squad behind a short wallthrow grenadegrenade hits wall and lands at my feetgrenade detonates, killing 6 men in my squaddemoted from major back to captainshameful display."
76561198045282909,Recommended,270150,29371697,Posted: 20 January,all,Mr. Rogers,Risk your life to pick up a porn magazine and a pack of chewing gum.10/10
,Recommended,270150,19987987,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bear,Key Features of Running with Rifles-slowly bleeding to death because no one has a medkit-being dominated by AI more intelligent than your comrades-trying to retreat and being destroyed by a hail of grenades-so many enemies it feels like theres a Black Friday sale going onIt's a pretty good game. only play in my spare time though.
,Recommended,270150,24769151,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[21stNovaCorps]CloneTrooper Nyx,"Where to begin... how about... BUY THIS ESPECIALLY IF ITS ON SALE!!!1. Tremendous roleplay capability. You can launch amphibious flanking assaults, sneak through enemy lines, set up on a roof top as a sniper, shut down a route as a machine gunner, or lead an assault as an ociffer.(I've only had three ociffer, drinks!) Essentially, no quick match is the same. The campaign is essentially like Star Wars BF2, a series of ""Instant Action"" missions in chronological order. HOWEVER! There are some campaign aspects instant action doesn't have. For example, if you murder five graycollars carrying g36s(standard issue assault rifle not hard to do), then pick up said g36s and return all 5 to an armory, you may now purchase the g36 at any armory, AND your friendly AI will randomly spawn with it. This will be so throughout the campaign.2. Mods. OH MA GOD! SO MANY!! How many of you are warhammer 40k fans? There's a mod for that. Star Wars fan? Like 3 mods for that. Half life fan and wanna see the combine get rekt? Mod for that. Always wanted to be a WW1 British soldier? Like 3 mods for that. WW2? 5+ mods for that. Halo? Mod for that. Mass effect? Mod for that. Ever wanted to face down a horde agro of zombies? 2 mods for that. You name it. They probably have it. Oh, and I think ma boy Bonkaholic is/was working on/has finished a revolutionary war mod. Muskets. Frigging muskets!3. Easy install of mods. RWR has workshop now, and one of my personal favorites is the Weltkrieg mod by... um. Hell. Is it Rain? Idk. It might be rain, that neqqa will mod anything. However, some of the other very good mods are not on workshop, they are on running withrifles.com, and are very easy to install. Many YouTube videos on it, my fingers are wearing away so I won't type it all. Virtually you just extract the download fromrwr.comto the folder Overlays, under media, and there you go. Best part? You can enable and disable every mod in the quick match menu, so you don't have to **** around in the local files every time you want a new mod or want to go back to the vanilla RWR.4. Multiplayer. I have never joined a server where there arent any players slaughtering AI, or in my case getting slaughtered by Tanks, so it's still pretty popular.5. There is a tank mod... onRWR.com, that features breasts. Female breasts. On a tank. 10/10 would fap to an MBT again.6. The ability to fortify. You can make sandbags, place minigun turrets, tow turrets, and mortars, along with new spawn locations and other more boring stuff. Lotta mods out there for that too.7. Vehicles. Nothing is more satisfying than kicking a tank driver out GTA style and stealing his ride before your AI squamate rips apart the enemy offensive with the main gun.9. Cheating! Totally possible. If you want, you can give your side 100% accuracy and the enemy like 5 soldiers. You can also cheat like me and give yourself full exp and ""money"".10. I skipped number 8.11. You went back and looked.12. Did I lie?13. Yes I did.14. You went back and rechecked every word.15. 13 was the lie.16. You hate me.17. In all seriousness I seriously recommend this game, especially if its on sale. Totally worth every penny, high replayability. If this review helped you and you decide to get the game, send me an fr, and maybe we can play sometime!"
76561198257549538,Recommended,270150,30580880,Posted: 17 March,all,temperdwrath,"Well i never really liked the game when i first started. but  now i can't stop.the only bad thing i can say about it is that i spend too much time on it, so much so i think my relations with family and friends have become non-existant outside of this game..."
76561197971267493,Recommended,270150,32103587,Posted: 1 June,all,CHROM,"This game looks like a bit of a...idunno, cutsey-pustey mini-joke-game you'd pick up for a laugh.It's not. My analysis is that it is, basically, a top-down, high-speed (but not overly so) cookdown of everything that makes the open-map, military FPS genre fun. Takes a couple minutes to get used to figuring your firelines out in a top-down perspective, but once you do, all your FPS skills become immediately applicable.Pros:*Massive maps.*Dynamic territory control mechanics.*Solid character controls, including stances from prone to raised-weapon walking.*Weapons work as their role indicates.*Deployables like cover and emplaced weapons makes both offense and defense engaging.*(Ground) Vehicles.*Multiplayer and/or Singleplayer, with (though optional for MP)...*BOTS. (Mostly) non-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bots. A baker's dozen to spice up an MP server? Sure. 400+-bot mega-battles with you as a tiny drop in an ocean of blood? Go nuts.*Simple but effective squad mechanics, specifically to control your own fist of bots, through a...*Solid (inherent in a match or campaign) rank and progression system.*High customizability of settings, difficulty on various spectrums, and scale.*Surprisingly ""realistic"" firefights, including most military field-tactics working as they would, light penetration, suppressing fire (which players SHOULD respect, and bots do) and so on.*Mods. Expanded versions of normal, Starship Troopers, Halo, Zombies, age-of-muskets, ect.Cons:*Aiming is good, but not completely ""your own"", as in a traditional accuracy bracket based on stance and movement. I'd prefer 1-1 point-and-shoot with recoil, but it probably wouldn't work with the mechanics.*No air-vehicles. Again, probably wouldn't work, but that's one of the few things I'm missing in my war-immersion, gunning around in a Hind or dropping troops in a Huey.*Large scale battles can often go into a stale-mate deadlock, where you as a player, no matter how Rambo, feel entirely too small to break it out. Can easily be avoided by not running hundreds of bots on a balanced difficulty (or having an excellent+ run in a main battle tank), but you can dedicate a lot of time to a battle before you notice that war, war never changes.*Could do with a meta-General mode, which seems to already be in the game, only it's the AI doing it. I'd love to field command this game, and it's almost painful that I can't sometimes.Summary/Conclusion:This game has become a regular, if infrequent, fallback to my eternal-curse ""I don't know what to play, booored"" predicament. Half an hour there, two-four hours here.Quick and accessible, fun in the moment, can maintain that entertainment value for the amount of time you're willing to spend and employs skills from other action games right out of the box.And mods make it a pretty endless source of action-game variety.If they ever add high-level command mode and/or air-vehicles I'm slapping it into my personal hall of fame.8,7/10, a permanent and reliable member of my library, most definitely worth the money.And on sale it's a pretty sure bet to not be a wasted purchase."
,Recommended,270150,15150186,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,They Call Me El Civ,"""Pick it up if you like tactical shooters, combat simulators, or have a void to fill after the fall of 3DO and their long lasting Army Men franchise went the way of the Dodo""Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRc58jR09bk&list=UUaVUKyqqEjfnjEV2IZd0uiA"
76561198019394961,Recommended,270150,15228681,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Manny,"Guys, THIS GAME HAS IT ALL! :)Sorry, i have to say this:Simply, BUY IT!It is most likely better than SEX! Well... it depends on your partner, but... you know what i mean! Right?Okay, here we go. Let me tell you more about this fantastic game. If you've ever played game called PlanetSide2, then this is quite similar but from top-view and without classes (although you can switch any weapon you like). This game is tactical top-view shooter. You have so many possibilities to do.You can:... take sniper rifle to eliminate your enemies from higher distance... shoot while driving vehicles... throw into the battle with knife or shotgun... destroy enemy buildings... throw grenades to enemy soldiers and make penta-kill... take cover behind boxes, walls... climb on the roofs... enjoy large map with a lot of players... create a squad and give orders to your men... run with rifleVEHICLES:- spawn trucks (mobile spawn points)- mobile armories (you can change weapons here)- humvees (with machine gun turret)- rubber boats (yes! there is water and moreover we can sail)- patrol ships- jeeps- APCs- tanksPRIMARY WEAPONS:- snipers (bolt-action, full-auto or even silenced)- shotguns (pump-action, full-auto)- assault rifles (full-auto, semi-auto)- machine guns (light, heavy)SECONDARY WEAPONS:- pistols (classic, silenced, desert eagle)- rocket launchersSECONDARY SUPPORT WEAPONS:- cover deploys (you can cover behind them)- medkits- stationary guns- stationary mortars- riot shields- tank trapsTHROWABLES:- grenades (hand grenade, impact grenade, stun grenade)- c4s- AT mines- claymores- flaresAnyway, I am average FPS player but in this game i can kill almost anything. Everything depends on your position and intuition. This game has potential to be very popular and in my opinion there is also a space for a tournament.Well guys, I was shooting tons of enemies, hiding behind boxes, climbing on the roofs, driving jeeps, tanks, ships but mainly, i was RUNNING WITH MY RIFLE.Buy it, developers deserve it and you too!"
76561198098229168,Recommended,270150,12544389,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Rad,"The GoodIt's very easy to sink hours into this game whilst being completely oblivious to time. This is not the sort of game where you can enter a battle with a gameplan. You have to stay with your team and work together to overthrow the massive opposing armies and slowly conquer the battlefield. 'Going rambo' is about as feasible as it would be in real life--you die right away--and this is done intentionally. The whole point of the game is that""The war goes on without you""and it really makes for an innovative and amazing experience in doing so.The game features singleplayer and multiplayer, and I find multiplayer to be where this game really shines. You can communicate with other players to devise tactics to capture key points on the map, sneak behind enemy lines with a few friends to destroy enemy communications, or just lead the assault on the main front. All of this can be done on singleplayer too, and it's still enjoyable mind you, but multiplayer is definitely the strong suite of this game.Most modern games involving guns make you the most important person, but this game takes a step in the opposite direction and forces you to work with your team. Your player has no 'health bar' and the chance you will die from a bullet is based on percent. For instance, a sniper rifle bullet may have a 90% chance to kill you, whilst a submachine gun bullet might only have a 70% chance. This may sound a bit quirky at first, but itreallydoes it's job in keeping you with your team and makes you be very cautious in any situation. You may be sneaking behind enemy lines and a random AI unit spots you and kills you in one bullet, while this may be frustrating, you can't help but think to yourself, ""maybe I should've stuck with my team, I should've seen this coming."" You may not be the most powerful when alone, but once you reach a certain rank you can control a ""squad"" of AI units which can give you the extra manpower to take an objective by yourself.The feeling you get knowing that you mean almost nothing in a match is a new experience, and also a very interesting one. It's awesome to be able to go to the bathroom and not have to pause because you know the battle will be going on without you, so I say this game is certainly worth picking up for a humble $15.The BadBut like all games, there are a few downsides you might want to consider: The game features plenty of maps and weapons to keep you occupied for potentially hundreds of hours. You might sink 2 hours into a skirmish game and not capture a single area. In my own experience, this has both a postive and negative effect. On the postive, this can feel awesome. You go to bed after an hour of playing in an online match, only to wake up the next day to find players are still on the same map and you can pick up right where you left off! On the flip side though, this can be frustrating in single-player skirmish modes, becausetoolong of a standstill and you may be inclined to just quit and start a different map. Multiplayer doesn't really have that problem, as players can often collaborate and coordinate to try and win and get the next map rotation.In addition, the game devs have implemented rare weapons, which is agreatidea, except for the fact that no one ever wants to use them because they are, for all extensive purposes, extremely difficult to find and dependant on RNG, which makes them feel utterly useless because once you die holding one, you're probably not getting it back. More weapon varities that can be easily obtained would be an amazing, and debatebly a neccessary update.Also, the title is aptly named. You will be doing alotof running. There are vehicles on each map, and you have the ability to call in your own as well, but they can be unusable by some newer players, as with the ranking system, any other player who is a higher rank than you can kick you out of the driver's seat or any other seat. The level up system is another thing that could use some tweaking because it is very harsh to new players, forcing you to use one gun until you slowly level up to unlock more.The VerdictThe devs have really put time and dedication into their game. A lot of the updates just before the full release really polished up the game and showed a lot more attention-to-detail. Put a good gameplay style and great production value together and you end up getting an awesome game.This game is definitely worth a try if it looks intriguing at all to you. If you're still having a hard time deciding if it's worth the purchase, trydownloading the free demo off of the developer's site. It only has one map but it really allows you to get a feel for the flow of battle and how the game works.Overall this game is truly a fresh experience. The issues that it faces are trivial and shouldn't deter you from purchasing it. I hope this game gets more recognition because it really is fun, and most people don't even know it exists.PLEASEspread the word about this game!:)"
,Recommended,270150,12691363,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,linuxpunk,"Pros.1. You run, a lot.2. With your rifle.Cons.1. Other players might try and shoot at you, to keep you from running with your rifle."
,Recommended,270150,15287068,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,static,"What's not to like?  The brutal simplicity of slowly climbing the ranks combined with an effortless respawn system and an extremely clever and engaging AI.  It all works seamlessly in huge maps with battles that shift from small unit actions and probing attacks to raging armored assaults and desperate human wave charges.As you play, you'll slowly evolve from a raw recruit to a seasoned officer, able to command other soldiers, commandeer fighting vehicles and call in all sorts of tactical support and combat aids.  From armored reconnaissance in forested ridgelines to meeting engagements in confusing trench systems to nighttime covert operations out of rubber boats, you can do it all.In a nutshell, this game is a small scale tactical paradise that feels like an endless World War.  Never fear, it's light hearted and there's lots of amusing little touches here and there that keep it engaging without feeling like too much of a cartoon.  Very highly recommended for originality, innovation, perfect Co-Op (both PvE and PvP), a fantastic AI and endless replayability.  It has its quirks, but if you're willing to put time into LEARNING a game and getting into the spirit of it, you can't go wrong with RWR."
,Recommended,270150,15228862,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stadl0r [No. 4],"Running with Rifles, a top-down tactical shooter that got recently released out of Steam’s Early Access, ready to be played and reviewed in its supposed polished state. At first glance it may look like any other top-down shooter with endless swarms of enemies, but after experiencing a few deaths, you quickly realize that this game requires tactics and teamwork. Once your player dies, you will re-spawn as another grunt on the battlefield with tons of AI units fighting around you, and an itchy beard.My first impressions when opening the game was that it felt reminiscent of an old console / PC classic, Army Men, but it quickly became a game where I was forced to find cover and provide suppression for the rest of my squad to advance. Instead of specific objective points, you must maintain control of certain areas of the map by fighting your way to it and defending it, which makes for an excellent gameplay dynamic that encourages you to focus on holding certain areas. Without making use of tactics, it is very easy to fall into a stalemate with both sides making no advancement whatsoever.The AI in Running with Rifles is impressive to say the least, which pushes you to make use of tactics such as retreating when overpowered, taking cover whenever possible, and if you’re not careful, the enemy AI will create a fierce counter-attack.During your time playing, you can expect to use a wide range of weapons and equipment from the game’s Armory System, and drivable vehicles such as jeeps, Tanks & APCs. Most of these items are unlocked while leveling up in the game’s ranking system.Multiplayer wise there are a number of servers with upwards of 64 Players. The only issues I’ve had so far with the game is when playing in a match where all teams are in a stalemate, it can get a bit tiring. Perhaps this could be remedied either with a time counter, or some sort of more in-depth Morale system for the AI. The other issue with the game is the hit detection being a bit off on a few occasion.Overall, if you are a fan of top-down shooters with a nice tactical approach, this game is worth checking out, one that has a responsive controls, smooth and great looking cartoon-y graphics, and a game that will give you that quick war fix you need from time to time. Running with Rifles also supports modding, which adds more justification of its price tag of $14.99 which provides a massive backlog of content to go through, hence longevit"
76561198136873363,Recommended,270150,15174953,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Skorps,"Great game, pretty much a finished product. Great AI, great dynamic battlefield experience. There are some slight tweaks I hope they make to the gameplay, such as being able to hear your own shots more distinctly than others, and making the character you're controlling more obvious to see, and being able to select your loadout, but these are very minor changes I wish to see. Overall a very fun game."
,Recommended,270150,26306237,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Enguard,"Pros:Great community and devsModding this game is pretty easy and there's a lot of workshop itemsCan adjust difficulty(in singleplayer) according to your skill levelCo-OpMaps are big and sandbox gameplayWorks on older pc's and laptopsOne of the most realistic and best AI'sGreat gameplayCould list moreCons:No one seems to know what the Geneva Convention isTL;DR: Great game, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,270150,23107140,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Marcus Antonius,"Well, how can I put it?The game simply combines the following mechanics:1. The isometric perspective like DOTA 2.2. The large-scale battles like Planetside 2.3. The vehicle interactions like Battlefield 2.4. The fast-paced movement like Call of Duty 4.5. The pseudo-RPG system like E.Y.E.6. The looting system like your favorite dungeon crawler.7. The zone domination like Unreal Tournament GOTY.8. The territories like a 4X Strategy game.9. The simplicity of controls like a early 2000's flash game.10. The trifecta of factions like your typical RTS game.11. The visual simplicity like Freedom Force.12. Standard issue mod support like your favorite mod-friendly title.Overall, it is a good game to kill time with, whether you play alone, coop, pvp or any combination in between. The combination of good game features add up to a surprisingly satisfying title. You rank up, you equip guns, armor, items, you drive vehicles and can control a squad; there is respawning and if you crank up the density of units; the battlefield turns into CHAOS. I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,270150,26467027,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,FunguyV,"It's a solid game, but the multiplayer population is spotty at best.Only way to fix that is with more players. Don't hesitate; join today!"
,Recommended,270150,32677214,Posted: 23 June,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"RUNNING WITH RIFLESis a well developed military strategy game from the 'in-the-trenches' perspective, best enjoyed in multiplayer.This is the kind of title that you get into with friends and play regularly. You get to know the maps, strategic points, and best weapons for the job.Essentially, you control one soldier with lite inventory management, abilities to order other soldiers around, and 'powers' to call in airstrikes/call in reinforcements/bring in barricades/etc.I personally learned the ropes by first focusing just on me, and then slowly expanded to utilize the other soldiers and 'powers'. When you die, you simply respawn as another soldier at the last base you have control of. The maps are fairly large, and it is always a struggle to claim territory. He who has all the territory wins the game.Pros:+Tons of content and replayability; and I hear new DLC is in the works for August 2017+Fairly easy to learn, yet this could be a 'lifestyle' game in that you forever work towards mastering it+Lots of cool items, guns, and functional inventory stuff+Warfare is as realistic as I could imagine+Definitely tons of room for various strategies+It's funCons:-It does get repetitive at some point - this is natural for a game of this calibre; that's why I state it is best played in multiplayer, for the social and added complexity of strategy with real people-I had a bit of an issue with always making sure my mouse pointer was 'stretching' out my view to 'see' as far as I could; if you don't, you'll often get killed by something off-screen (it's not a problemper se, I just kept forgetting for whatever reason)This is a niche game, but if it looks like your jam - I assure youRUNNING WITH RIFLESdeserves the high praise it has recieved.Worth full price."
,Recommended,270150,29222733,Posted: 13 January,all,☠ Commie Weasel,"Dark Souls ain't compared to how many times you'll die in this game.Dead/10, would go to the frontline and die again."
76561198054797749,Recommended,270150,22493005,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,KaleShibata,"While the 'no health' system can be absurdly brutal, its also one more reason I like this game.   The chances of being Rambo is Zero and relies solely on how well your team can set you up to wipe the floor with an opposing team.  Tools and more with a radio at your disposal and multiple 'roles' you can setup for  lets you play this game almost exactly how you might want.Wanna be a sniper?  Grab a camo suit and a rifle and grab a good spot with some binoculars for overwatch and tagging.Wanna be a demo?  Pack extra explosives and go on sabotage duty...just remember to keep your head down.  Want to be a support? grab a shotgun for corridors or a mg and some cover deployers and set the perfect killbox for all those tight, highly contested spots.  Since 1.25 rolled around this game has come a way from its pre 1.0 days...though one thing's definately certain...Death could be only a bullet away."
,Recommended,270150,14557390,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Canman,"Brilliant game in which you have the task of swinging the tide in an epic battle between huge AI armies. Despite being in Early Access, the game is practically a finished product.Excellent framerate (plays perfectly on my crappy old notebook), good cover and shooting mechanics, and extremely impressive AI make this a game you'll seriously want to pick up. Underneath the surface, there's a lot of tactical and strategic depth. Unless you take time to assess the battle and plan your attacks, running and gunning to the front will just get you killed (and killed and killed)."
76561198057129771,Recommended,270150,9932312,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Iron Ben,"Best 10$ I spent in a loooooong time! This game is so much more complex (in a good way) then it seems at first glance. Good for all types: heavy teamwork, lone wolves, support players... the online coop is truly amazing, one of the best online gaming experience one can have nowadays!!!Devs are active in the community (very), and are also very open to ideas from the players, which is a nice change from the big corps. They even plan on adding a workshop for people to make their own mods, some of which have already made it into the game as we speak!All in all, for 10$, you can't go wrong with this one. Could be 40$ right now and it'd still be a good deal, and the game's not even finished yet!!! (as of April 25th 2014)Check the vids, the pics, and then if you're still on the fence, try the (free) demo. That'll convince you for sure!See you in the game!"
,Recommended,270150,29457460,Posted: 23 January,all,🅺🆄🅼 🅱🅻🅾🆆ME,"One of the few games I keep playing after a year of purchase.I have so many games in my library and this one is only 1 out of 5 games I keep playing after purchase. This game has something in it something that makes you want to return to it over and over again.Pros of this game in my oppinion are:+Unique idea of a game not like orther +100 survival games, copy-paste shooting games with bunch of cosmetics, DLCs and microtransactions.+No Pay to win.+AI is really great in this game and even manages to surprise me sometimes although I'm 50 hours into this game which is great because I love challenging and not dull AI.+Really good community. I have never met any single toxic player in MP and I play MP mostly.+Workshop with great mods. There are many great mods for this game which expand game experience, add more hours into gameplay and are fun to play.+Great game to play with friends. Co-op, Moded servers, Vanilla game, PVP servers any of them are fun to play with 1 or more friends.+Devs are constantly updating their game and communicate with their community which is awesome.+You can easily create your own quick matches with game options and have +500 and even more soldiers fighting on battlefield and then watch the chaos AI make.+Wide variety of weaponry to suit your needs and think your own ways to kick enemies asses.I can go on with this list but you should atleast try demo of this game and see it for yourself.Ofcourse demo has no MP which is another core feature of this game but everyone should atleast try demo and see for themselves if they like this kind of game because it is not for everyone.I couldn't think of any cons for this game the only thing I want from devs is more maps and that's all."
,Recommended,270150,16856537,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mikey,"Running with Rifles is an insanely fun top-down shooter that happens to play more like an FPS in every way exept for viewpoint. Even though this game is great, it feels as though it is an early access title as it lacks depth in several aspects, especially multiplayer, which makes the game much less replayable. After you beat the campaign for the first time, there isn't much else to do.Pros:- Good balance for weapons between the three factions- Good map design and balance- Gameplay is all-around wonderful, and giant battles between factions are intense and fun- Unique and beautiful art styleCons:- Multiplayer community is empty exept for a few popular Co-op servers- Lack of depth in PvP compared to Co-op / Singleplayer. (My idea to fix this would be to have a mode similar to Galactic Conquest in the orginal Star Wars battlefront, where factions fight for a map, then the winning faction votes on what map to attack next, basically like a multiplayer campaign.)- Damage system is annoying at times, with only a certain percent chance to kill with each shot, making fights much more luck based than skill. A good way to fix this would be to have the next shot have a higher percent change to kill, increasing each time to reduce the amount of times where you shoot someone 2,000 times and then they kill you in one shot.In conclusion, Running with Rifles is a unique, fun game, but has several problems that take away from its enjoyability. This is still one of my favorite games that I have been playing since long before it was on Steam, and is a contender for my Game of the Year for 2015, despite its many problems."
,Recommended,270150,14710659,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,slyremorse,"Saw the game, not really into top down shooters.  Saw there was a demo..nice.   Played the demo for 20 mins..purchased the game.I effing love this game, it reminds me of Battlefield with big open maps and squad based combat.  Neat little ranking system and weapons to boot.  Customized loadouts, armory, transport vehicles, standardized weapons, air support, mod support, campaign, mp...wow."
,Recommended,270150,12871225,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,reconwarrior21,"You might download the demo thinking ""Oh, this looks like a decent arcade game"" Only to spend the next hour sitting behind a rock with a machine gun, afraid to stick your head out untill friendlies make an assault due to sniper fire. This is no arcade game. There are no bullet sponges, one hit and you're out of it. No automatic reloading, You'll have to keep an eye on your ammo or risk running dry right when they begin an attack. The AI is not a bunch of clueless morons. They are smart little buggers, down to making a feint retreat to draw your forces into an ambush.The maps differ very well, for example you could die in a hail of bullets in a snowed in forrest. Die in a hail of bullets in a large city. Die in a hail of bullets on a beach... Yes, you will die a lot.The weapons... You have riot shields, which work well unless they put down suppresing fire and send a squad to flank you. (The AI is not stupid), rifles and sub machine guns, which work well in any situation except the one you are in, machine guns, where unless you are set up behind a rock, well... Rocket launchers, which are as usefull killing vehicles as they are sending a well dug in enemy flying. And deployable weapons... Mines, check, mounted machine guns, check, mortars, check. Supports? Artillery, armored vehicles, airborne troops, and good ol' fashioned mass infantry charges. Don't take my word for it though, download the demo and check it out. If you like it, the game is worth supporting."
,Recommended,270150,16133868,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Harmless Hawk,"When I first started playing Running With Rifles, I hated it. I kept dying, over and over and over again. I couldn't get past Private, and I had no idea why.I revisited it sometime later, and released my mistake. I had been attempting to lone-wolf it, much like something from Battlefield.That's what makes the game interesting. If you're not with a good amount of people, you *will* die within seconds. Rather it be a stray grenade, or the enemy swarming you, you're doom is all but ensured if you go out on your own.On a note about the enemy and allies, the AI is interesting. Sometimes it's amazing, and can complete an entire map on their own, without you doing anything. Other times, they refuse to do anything, and will walk around, or be near blind. The AI isn't bad, but it can be annoying at times.Another thing I don't like, is how the objectives are placed along the map. They're often times placed in very odd, and useless locations. It would be fine, if the AI didn't use the objective locations to prioritize their attacks. Sure, they'll go to other places, but the main fighting force will go to the objective.Overall, the map is good enough for a buy. Playing for extended periods can get boring, mainly due to the lack of progression you'll come across in certain bases. You can easily be fighting over the same area, getting control and losing control of it, for ten to twenty minutes, or even more."
,Recommended,270150,9538421,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Ketsugo,"It's like playing ARMA, but fun."
,Recommended,270150,22991839,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Bboy Ruda,It's basically Toy Soldiers on steroids.  Can't go wrong with Toy Soldiers and steriods.
76561198005186500,Recommended,270150,12745848,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Buttkick,"This game is bloody brilliant. For those of you old enough to remember Cannon Fodder you'll recognise the humour.For those that don't just realise that it looks simple and basic, but it is far from easy, its hard and you will die, alot. As it should be.Fantastic fun, especially in Co-Op mode. I paid  £6.99 for this, and i would of happily paid twice the amount.Occasionally Steam Early Access throws up a game thats done right, and this is definately one.Get it today and play a game with a smile on your face."
,Recommended,270150,18565660,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Boncottled,"TL;DR - it's an incredibly fun game where you're one little dude fighting in large battles. The game lets you play pretty much any way you want, whether it be taking part in the intense frontline action, or sneaking behind the enemy and taking them out with silenced weapons. Very fun, highly recommended if you like the idea! Oh and there's multiplayer.In RUNNING WITH RIFLES (RWR) you get dropped into the middle of a brutal and bloody war between the Greenbelts (USA), the Graycollars (Germany), and the Brownpants (Russia). You play as one soldier in an army of hundreds as you slaughter dozens of enemy soldiers, die a lot, get reincarnated each time as another soldier, and rise gradually through the ranks, battling it out across some unknown country trying to completely dominate the enemy. RWR is super fun, and the developers are friendly and dedicated to the game.There is a campaign mode, where you go from one map to the next, completely capturing each one as you go,before facing 2 Final Missions, in which you mop up the remainders of the enemy forces.There are about 10 maps (which are all very well designed) to wage war across in the campaign. You can also play any of these maps as a single quick battle, although there's no guarantee that it will be over quickly. Each map can take anywhere from 20 minutes to over 5 hours(cough moorland trenches cough)with the frontline moving back and forth with each attack and counter-attack.In multiplayer, you can play PvE or PvPvE, with a huge number of people (up to 64 I believe). Playing online is super fun because you can actually use proper teamwork with other players, to annihilate the enemy soldiers on the front lines or to stealthily capture a base behind the enemy lines.When you start playing, the basics are obvious: run with your rifle and click in the direction of enemies to shoot at them. But it's not actually that simple, because the game is fairly realistic when it comes to dying. One bullet is enough to drop you where you stand, leaving you wondering where the bullet even came from. Running straight towards the enemy holding down the left mouse button will get you killed over and over with no reward. You have to use cover, utilise mortar and artillery strikes, call in airborne reinforcements, move with your allies, set up machine gun installations, and use tanks or other vehicles to break through enemy lines.There are lots of different weapons and items that you can use, including shotguns, sniper rifles, grenade launchers, rocket launchers, riot shields, and flares. There is something for pretty much every playstyle. Need to get behind the enemy and destroy a comms tower? Get in a camouflage suit, take a silenced sniper rifle and pistol, some C4, and you're good to go.The game lets you change quite a few game options before you start a singleplayer game, such as friendly/enemy accuracy, starting XP and RP, etc. This basically determines the difficulty. On higher difficulties, the game is very tough, and this is when battles become hour-long stalemates, the streets and fields quickly turning into blood-soaked killing grounds, until you successfully create an advantage by changing up your tactics.Overall, if you like the idea of being an individual taking part in a large-scale war, you should definitely put this game on your wishlist. Keep in mind that you will die a lot, and it can be kind of frustrating at times, but it's always entertaining. It's also obvious that a lot of love was put into the game. Overall, just really good. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,270150,14179151,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"The most intense combat simulator I've played in ages. Think Planetside or Battlefield just top down, and ungodly addicting. You gain experience, you rank up, you get better weapons, you call in air/artillery strikes, drive vehicles and shove your rifle up the respective bungholes of your enemies. This is the best indie game I've ever played. Plus you  have multiplayer... that's pretty BA too.10/10 Would shove rifle up bungholes again.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0q_VZgHzxc"
76561198102143228,Recommended,270150,23012076,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,EoNightcore,How to play.1. Spawn.2. Run to the front lines and start shooting people.3. Die without killing anyone.4. Repeat until you git gud.
76561198140041679,Recommended,270150,15311834,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Street Veteran,"Just awesome game! Addicts like horse, but is legal.Reminds me of some games what I played back in 90's.Rush with tens of other players like maniac, or sneak alone behind enemy lines.Great controls, funny graphics, nice weapons. Its so fun to shoot man with the P90!Big multiplayer matches are real fun.Been playing for 830h now and more coming.Street Veteran"
76561198040837514,Recommended,270150,13136689,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Brudda,"This is one of the FUNNEST games I've played in a very long time, I highly recommend purchasing this, it is easily worth $60 but the developers are friggin awesome and sell it at a very low price.This game is like battlefield, but in top-down view.  Running with Rifles in my opinion can easily rival battlefield, if not better.  Single-player is great, the campaigns are pretty difficult.  I'm still on the first campaign and it's been 5 hours lol.  The battles are very rewarding, that feeling after an hour struggle to capture a point is very satisfying.One thing that might be awkward at first, but maybe not for some, is the aiming system.  When moving your cursor to aim, it kind of ""pulls"" on your screen.  This system is pretty neat because it lets you see farther and kill enemies that are further away and different weapons have different pull ranges.  I'm still trying to adjust to this, but it's really not too bad.The movement keys are pretty simple, WASD to move and mouse to shoot, which I like.At first this game may seem simple, which it is, you can just hop in and start killing enemies, but this game has WAYY much more depth than that.  There is a huge selection of weaponry, you can create defenses such as building crates and putting a turret behind them, calling in airstrikes or supply drops, driving convoy trucks to move your soldiers across the battle zone, defending a captured area, and much more.I know the ""early access"" tag will give you doubts, I know that feeling just look at some of my ""early access"" games.  But this Running with rifles is pretty much completed and can be enjoyed to the fullest experience.  I've read on their forums that this game is due to be released in about two months (assuming no delays), so they're pretty much just polishing this game from this point.  You pretty much have the full game now, but just be aware it can be subjected to change and other stuff.I can seriously go on for a while about how great this game is, but I'm going to end it here.  If you have a slight interest in buying this game, buy it, you will not be disappointed.  Any fan of shooters will definitely appreciate this game, hell you might even be addicted to it just like I am now :D"
,Recommended,270150,15455150,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ScummyDeals,"Note- This all happened in one day..-Airdropped a tank onto the battlefield and it landed on my squad-Called in artillary barrage and it killed about 100 men, both enemy and friendly-Got ran over by AI allies driving a jeep-Stormed a beach and watched everyone, even myself, get torn down from machine gun fire-Had 800 (maybe even more I don't know) soldiers on one battlefield-Had 3 teams up against eachother and mine was the first to die-I'm no stronger than any of the AI-Stole a partrol boat and had my squad help me rain shells on the beach-If I die, the battle continues and I just swap to a new soldier-Jumped off a three story building and didn't dieTHE LIST CAN GO ON AND ON!!! Needless to say that this game is amazing and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,270150,31691035,Posted: 11 May,all,Tremozl,"Excellent game, with loads of stuff to do, seamlessly fluid mechanics, and endless dynamic gameplay.If you like war-games, this offers up a nice Battlefield-like game with a bit of tongue-in-cheek humour and a completely unique atmosphere. Plus the devs have supported it with oodles of free content over the years!"
,Recommended,270150,25118325,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Vallhalla,This game fulfills my childhood fantasy of playing war games with my toys.
,Recommended,270150,28605024,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hochmeister Rotneus,"It's so fun that the Geneva Convention imploded on itself.Infinite replayability with the plenty of weapons you're provided. It's even more fun with the badass mods on the workshop! (i.e. Running in the Trenches (WWI), Running with the Dead (Zombies), Running with Muskets (1700s), Running with Nerf Guns (all or nothin') etc.)Best of all; it's quick to install and it barely lags (unless you have hundreds of soldiers in a single sitting.)But before complying to buy it, have a quick warning before playing:be prepared to die a lot.Nobody is invincible and everyone is vulnerable of eventual death. Justexpect it.Otherwise if you heeded the warning and are up for fighting waves of men, it's definitely worth keeping on your library. Do grab it on sale whenever possible!"
,Recommended,270150,9722668,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Capt. Eduardo del Mango,"Running With Rifles is the sequel to Cannon Fodder I've been waiting for for decades. The combat is instantly fun and intuitive, the levels are beautifully made, the scale is appropriately epic with hundreds of little army men scurrying about, and the whole experience is thoroughly immersive - it almost feels like being in the middle of a well made, large scale, top-down Arma mission.(A demo is available athttp://www.modulaatio.com/runningwithrifles/?page_id=22 .)The strategic command AI is a little vague - it seems to set a target and all the unit AIs just mob it, where a sense of greater direction might be nice. On the other hand the unit AI's tactical responses to situations seems extremely good - it uses cover in a very smart, organic way (it seeks out and moves between cover in a way that respects any potential/changing threats around it), and responds to threats very effectively (it never gets overwhelmed by targets and ignores obvious dangers - once it notices an additional threat it'll try and react to both it and its original target). The chaotic higher-level strategic AI may make you feel like you're in a 64p Ro2 pub server or something, but the very effective low-level tactical AI does such a good job responding ad-hoc to its changing circumstances that engagements and fire-fights feel convincing.It's occasionally a little difficult to get a sense of and accommodate for terrain changes - you'll still sometimes find yourself shooting in to small hills you didn't know you were there, having difficulty visualising exactly where your LOS is blocked, or struggling to easily identify whether a terrain feature is concave or convex, but various improvements (the introduction of isolines, a shadow effect onwards from the point your LOS is blocked at, and a general flattening out of small but noticeable terrain features in maps) have made these manageable. The aesthetic and visual design is generally very appealing.Vehicle AI is currently woeful and there are occasional glitches, but the game already feels extremely solid (both in operation and features) and very much like a playable product rather than a half-way there pre-production model. Multiplayer works very well with seemingly effective netcode.The gunplay/tactical AI provide RWR with never-ending fleeting, tense, organic skirmishes. The core combat gameplay is just so much fun that RWR's open-world battlefields seem like they could offer endless fun. Also, moddable!"
,Recommended,270150,22924367,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Wisbi,"A hidden gem of a game. I didn't think much on it after I beat my first campaign until they finally added in workshop mod support.Running With Rifles is like if Battlefield 2 and Hotline Miami had a baby. You can run in guns blazing or sneak behind enemy lines and snipe and die horribly every time, usually to someone throwing an impact grenade at you or just losing yourself in all the chaos of a battle. I've yet to actually play with other people, but I can imagine how fun this would be to co-op with friends.While a repetive nature limits my personal play time, the game has no real lacking in quality. Overall, I'd say RWR is deserving of a good 8 out of 10."
76561198087791748,Recommended,270150,23636741,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,♛ Woozie,"First 5 MinutesYou shoot then you realize that you have to manually reload, get shot.Try to go in a car but it's full then they say *Buzz of*You see that some guys are roaming with others like a squad and you think *Wait i can get my own squad?*You go to try to be usefull but you aren't.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------First 20 MinutesYou have gotten some combos and *Way to go soldier* but not anything more you know what to do but you get swarmed by the enemy trying to focus on one guy but then you get from the left or right.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Under 1 hourYou decide *Why not go on Multi-Player?*Either you will get rekt by the enemy who has played for over 100 hours and the AI's on the other team are CRAZY.Or you are on the winning team but you aren't doing that much.Or you ARE the beast on your team because you are a sponge of knowlege when it comes to games, or the other team are the ppl who are in the 5 minutes learning zone.AI's will kill you any way in multi-player.And you have gotten more that just *Way to go soldier*-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Over 3 hours of playingYOU ARE GOOD. not GREAT but good.You try to lone wolf with the squad you made but then they die and it's only you and there are like 20 AI's around you, you fail to throw a grenade and you got it in your face and you died. Sad Really Sad.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ALOT OF PLAYINGYou are GREAT, you can take on any challenge like fighting against 7 AI's at the same time and such, but you still die. Still die alot.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------No i wouldn't recommend this game. I would HIGHLY recommend this game! i loved all the time i spent playing this.10/10 Would recommend this game again."
,Recommended,270150,15177134,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Squee,"Fun simple game... but how to describe it? I'd say its a top-down battlefield 2 like grindfest tug-o-war massacre. It's also a slow paced tactical side. Run and gun wont keep you alive in this game. Instead of being a straight forward shooter, things like your position and the area you can give cover to can help the team a lot. Or using calldown at the right time and place , using vehicles effictively, not nading your team or driving over them all help to win..The only downside I can think of that for a starter it's rough as you slowly unlock some perks after hours of playing. Then again it also gives you some sense of progression.It's simple, but fun. While not for everyone I almost got 80h on it already and thats more entertainment than many AAA titles have given me. So it has my recommendation."
76561198042246060,Recommended,270150,25993250,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ai.nako,"In the middle of the desert, the enemy's stronghold is still standing. Radio towers within its walls are jamming our attempt to call in artillery strikes on the foothold. Alpha team on the Western gate, sets up a perimeter with sandbags. They're on a stalemate, been continuously fighting for the last few hours.On the eastern wall, Bravo team is making an advance towards the enemy radio tower. We got our C4s packed, breached the wall and managed to destroy the tower.Outside the wall, a General calls in 8 rounds of atrillery barrage. Target: the stronghold. The initial explosion from the C4 alerted the enemy troops to the location. Bravo team is pinned away from the escape route. We scrambled for cover. The artillery came showering like the torrential downpour in the amazon rainforrest.As the shockwaves of the explosions subsided, the smoke settling, my troops and the rest of Bravo team's limbs and organs lay wasted on the dessert sands along with the enemy's tattered bodies."
,Recommended,270150,30428513,Posted: 10 March,all,Onde mande,"A quick and simple top down arcade shooter, with great adjustable difficulty that can turn the game from casual shooter into meatgrinding deathfest."
,Recommended,270150,12739472,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Weisshail,"In short, 9/10.More than worth the price asked, though I was unsure about the purchase at first. Any doubts about the purchase instantly vanished after just one quick match.PROS:-High replayability-Addictive gameplay-AI chatter is very comical-The AI is usually smart and tactical-Challenging, but not extremely difficult-Decent variety in weapons, both from the field and armory-Very fun and rewarding to team up with friends in multiplayer-You are given the same health as the AI, so you have to play smart-Easy to get invested into a battle, especially while friends cover other flanks-Hilarious at times, especially with explosions and the not-so-irritating glitchesCONS:-The occasional bug-AI can get stuck on the environment-It can get frustrating when you die excessively (But you should man up and deal with it)-Some AI tend to sit away from the front lines, doing nothing. (This is not considering the actual defence, that stays in and patrols your team's territory)"
,Recommended,270150,15327736,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Watchtower,Best acceptable losses simulator I've ever played.Make certain you set aside some time every time you start a match. You're in for a VERY long war.
76561198083462498,Recommended,270150,26723086,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Josiahfied,10/10Surprisingly smooth gameplay.Very satisfying to take objectives after a hard push to gain control.Casual enough to be fun while tactical enough to be challenging at the same time.
76561198044898099,Recommended,270150,15175456,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Itslukec,"I'm happy that with the full release people are playing PVP like crazy! PVE is tons of fun, but player vs. player all out war is where its at for me.P.S- Yes I said ""full release"" in a sentance."
,Recommended,270150,26376794,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jones the Cat,"Had a blast playing this game. Great fire fights and moments of strolling around in a death machines, jumping in a little boat with some internet randoms and sneaking behind enemy lines. died a thousand times but no rage just get your little army dude back out there and start firing rounds all over again. It's a beautiful little camo covered piece of Valhalla."
,Recommended,270150,13026314,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Quintaar,"I was a big Cannon Fodder fan back in the day. There is plenty of reasons to support this game, as it has potential to become a great entertaiment! You can see the short review here:http://youtu.be/wsThZcr29OYI hope you will find this useful."
76561198010493441,Recommended,270150,22351429,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,sivistojko,"The game doesn't have the community it deserves. It is severely undervalued and overlooked probably because of its simple appearance.It is one of a kind game that gives very high level of satisfaction on the level of triple A game titles. The gameplay is very immersive and suitable for all types of players, and of all ages. The gameplay is not as linear as it is in big title shooter games, and truly gives you a freedom of choice in terms of approach. You will have fun regardless if you have only 15 mins of play time or all day at your disposal, I promise you this.Now, other reviews bring attention to the lack of pvp player base, claiming that the game is ""dead"". Well, this may be true if you are coming straight from typical pvp environment. However, playing in co-op (which is always active) with and against large number of bots in large-scale maps, will overcome any notion of pvp in your mind if there is still any of that left after playing in co-op. In other words, the game was designed that way, so that co-op outweighs pure pvp for practical reasons, so you won't even think of it.In conclusion: RWR is going to be in my list of top 5-10 most satisfying games I've ever played. And it is certainly worthy of your attention. I would recommend it twice if I could!"
76561198171882882,Recommended,270150,29975158,Posted: 16 February,all,Evernight,"Strapped C4 to a quad bike, drove it towards an enemy fortrification, jumped off, detonated, blew up a tank, a jeep, a radio tower and 4/20 people. the other 16 were taken care of in the subsequent artillery strike.I can't think of anything wrong with this game."
,Recommended,270150,10029836,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,.קαяιαн,This game impressed me more than Battlefield 4
,Recommended,270150,31632536,Posted: 8 May,all,unconnected,"Start a campaign. 6:00 PM.Play for what seems like 10 minutes. 11:00 PM.Only two missions to go.Might as well finish the campaign then.AI becomes way harder. Would you look at that, it's 4:00 AM."
,Recommended,270150,29516845,Posted: 27 January,all,Sturmgeist,"Fight all out war with the cleverly alluded three stooge nations of modern warfare as you battle across fullscale maps in completely evacuated cities and the countryside.Run around, get shot at, and call artillery strikes on those pesky sniper tryhards.Squish things with large armored vehicles that quickly go up in smoke because it's just smarter to carry rockets. Let the medic be someone else's job.Just like in Battlefield, disobey all the orders the command structure gives you, and go pre-emptively spawnkill people just trying to do the same thing.Just like Call of Duty, never worry about running out of ammo. Just worry about reloading. That's manual.Shoot, Dodge, Shoot, Die, just like those Army Men games on the N64 you probably never played.Call massive artillery strikes on mountains of Ivans, as a spec ops team clears them out and enters the target zone just as the shells finally hit.It's war. Brutal, unrelenting war. Be tactical, be wild, and treat your subordinates like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It does everything that all war games claim to do except better. There is no git gud. This game is both frustrating and easily accessible.11/10."
76561198072350930,Recommended,270150,15367373,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,tufbrotha_t,"This game has succeeded where many shooters/war games have failed.  It has the feel of an actual front line fight where cover, high ground, suppressive fire and reinforcements all play a huge role.  Starting as a Private you will not have access to any special weapons or even a radio to call in fire missions or reinforcements, but with skill and experience you can still have a big influence on the battle.  Level up a bit and you can have a major impact on the battle.  It is very rewarding to be able to break an hour long stalemate by attacking in force from an unexpected direction, calling in waves of paratrooper reinforcements at a critical time to hold recently captured territory, calling in massive bombardments on huge troop formations, throwing the driver out of a tank that has been dominating the field and knifing him, destroying a communication tower behind enemy lines that prevents AI counterattacks and allows your front line to finally move forward etc.In the beginning it can feel like all you do is die, but if the battle has turned into a stalemate, that just means it's time to put your commander hat on and try something different.  Sometimes sneaking to the back of the base and placing a single sandbag can make all the difference.  Now you've drawn attention away from the front.  Every person that comes to attack you is one less reinforcement headed to the well defended front line.  The enemy front line weakens, then breaks as your guys come swarming in to mop up: game over and a very satisfying victory."
,Recommended,270150,29478414,Posted: 25 January,all,Aquila13,"Casual top-down shooter with unforgiving difficulty.It's similar to Battlefield and Planetside, but with top view.You will control one of frontline soldiers who can get killed easily by one bullet.Your objective is to take control of sector and drive the opposing forces out of there.The gameplay is solid. Indie-like graphics and RPG elements makes it addictive. Most of all, the AI is really smart. They'll decimate you by flanking, and ambushing.In conclusion, I gotta say this one is excellent. It's not only a good singleplayer game, but also a good PvP/Co-op one as well. I'd strongly recommend this to someone who likes to play cooperative shooter."
,Recommended,270150,25680382,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Silas18301,"So I have a friend I mainly play/ed this game with, he's more of a Frontline-Commander, leading large squads in coordinated attacks against the enemy, while I always Roll Spec-Ops, being behind enemy lines for ages and taking out all the targets like Radio Towers, Water Towers, etc.This exchange happens on a regular basis:*We both join a game, I get my gear and dissapear for half an hour behind enemy lines ♥♥♥♥ign with them while he fights a frontline War**After that half-hour he starts being pushed back quite badly and we start losing*Friend: ""Silas, We're losing, can you come and help out at the Frontline?""Me: ""Yeah, gimme a minute.""*5 minutes pass*Me: ""Hey, Friend"" *drives up in stolen enemy tank, jumps out and runs away behind enemy lines again*Friend: ""... That should help.""*half an hour later*Friend: ""Silas, We're los-... *I roll up in a tank* ""... Thanks.""*rinse and repeat*"
76432912567125327,Recommended,270150,13013046,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,GartinMarrix,"Army Men Top-Down Shooter on SteamPros:Loadout customizationCalling artilerry supportSquad systemBig mapUse tactics to win, not just bratatata winVehiclesMods :DComic-Strip ChatboxCons:Hard difficultySome cover fire still bugsVehicle movement is really need to fixLots of ♥♥♥♥♥ ai, only some ai doesnt go camp and rush instead.Still on early accessHope there is asia server, lolWorth Superly if u like Army Men and That Kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ Super Dope. also u can quickscope here m8.Lots more to adds, so stay tune every update :D"
76561198034884365,Recommended,270150,30779812,Posted: 27 March,all,romeo_charlie,"If you like controlling one guy in a huge battlefield where lots of stuff is going, choose what weapons to carry, and choose what you want to do or what objectives you want to carry out, buy this game. To me, it feels like a top-down Planetside 2, but the strategy and mechanics are much more polished.You control one soldier on a vast battlefield. You're not the best or the worst soldier. You're just another dude that can rank up just like everybody else. As you rank up, you get access to other weapons and more NPCs join your squad.The game is split up into campaigns and matches and the vast majority of enemies and allies are NPCs (something Planetside I think should've had).Each match/round is generally a territory control system with several minor objectives you can carry to help the territory control initiative.All of the Movement, cover, and shooting mechanics are simple, but also have little nuances that you can master over time.You can choose the role you want to play and play it. It's a very satisfying/challenging/fun game and I can't wait to play it again. In a world full of gimmicky games, this one focuses on fun first. Wish there were more AAA games that did that.I only wish I found this game sooner."
76561198079263259,Recommended,270150,15244583,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[EC]Major Pelham,"Great fun. Easy to learn,  when you are looking for something that dosent drain you mentally."
,Recommended,270150,12671624,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Varsus Leviath Osvourn,"This game is a very unique game, for many different reasons.1) Graphics:  Graphics do not define the overall quality of a game. Graphics are a bonus. However, this game has a pretty unique graphic style, which I admire, since it's different than what you'd find in a lot of games. The environmental graphics compliment the style rather nicely. The vehicle graphics also suited the style, as well as the way the water was implemented and used. Not the best graphics in the world, but I'd give this area a 9/10 for creativity, uniqueness, and consistency.2) Animation:  While the animations aren't flawless, they aren't in any way bad. The animations are fairly smooth, and many of them flow together rather nicely. The animations for vaulting are what I consider the weak link here. There are occasions where the model of the infantry grab the inside of the wall they're vaulting over, near the top. Whether it's an oversight or a graphical error, I'm not sure, but just thought I'd point it out. Overall, a solid 7/10, as there is plenty of room for improvement in this area. Like I said, it doesn't mean the animations are bad, but they could be better.3) Combat:  The combat is very realistic, as it doesn't take much to kill or be killed. A few bullets is all it takes to kill someone. Aiming accurately is, however, quite challenging, since you have to know what you are doing to get a good shot. Recoil has a huge impact on aiming, just as it would in reality. The longer you fire, the bigger the recoil. Reloading is all done manually, since there is no automatic reloading like most games. This forces you to check your magazine constantly to see if you have enough ammo loaded or if you need to reload. There are vests to absorb the impact from bullets, only the amount that they protect you from depends on the quality of the vest. I'd give this a solid 9/10 for realism, and the uniqueness of the reloading system.To summarize it up, this game is creative and unique, creating a sandbox feel all the way through. The use of the combat system makes every shot count, as well as deadly. The graphics aren't the best in the world, but they work with the style, and are well made. Multiplayer is a very fun experience (from what I hear), and is recommended for anyone who enjoyed playing the main game. I give this game an overall rating of 8.4/10, due to graphical style, creativity, combat realism, and uniqueness."
76561198042026980,Recommended,270150,15198245,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shift,"I don't know what to say about this game.To me, it's just Battlefield done right..."
,Recommended,270150,12574386,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Dr.Moon/BE\,Amazing amazing amazing! Smash together the old army men toys with video games and you somehow end up with this.
,Recommended,270150,9470882,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,havlentia,"This is insanely addictive and plays like an unholy mix of cannon fodder and Planetside 2.  Review the controls before playing, it's like an FPS.ctrl - duckr - reloadb - swap weaponsg - grenadef - pickupspace - jump/climb"
76561197970022146,Recommended,270150,32149006,Posted: 3 June,all,AljonB [T H-H],Good game with a good community and experienced players. If a new player makes a mistake he is helped and not insulted. Teamwork is key and everyone knows it. Here's the reasons I play:- Teamwork- You're not some immortal soldier (it's nice to take a break from CoD)- Mods are great- Active community and servers- Affordable game price- Airdrops and other support- Breaking stalemates is amazing- Game gets updates- Doesn't need too much space
,Recommended,270150,29509183,Posted: 26 January,all,[BOT] typical scammer,"Any game where you can install a WW2 mod, play as a Russian, get a PPSH-41 with a 71 rnd drum mag, and mow down capitalists is a good game, okay?"
,Recommended,270150,15210991,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jacocksky,"A very fun and strategic game! I believe that this is the future of RPG/FPS games. Multiplayer is very fun as well as singleplayer, with a lot to do both strategic wise and objective wise. I've started a few campaigns and I must say all of them have been totally unique - some have very long and bloody battles, which are hard to win, while other games, the battles have been quick, but brutal. The game offers a good variety of large maps and weapons, a good ranking system and (in my opinion) a very good AI to play against.I'm very pleased to see that this game actually made it through the Steam Early Access, and not be one of those money-sucking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t games and developers who just want money, and never actually release the full game.Pros:- Awesome strategic options on the battlefield- Pretty graphics (I quite enjoy cartoon-like graphics)- A very solid AI- Unique battles for every mission or game- Easy to learn- Large maps with lots to do- Good amount of maps- Hard working developers, who are not greedyCons:-Joining your friend who's in a game (This really needs to improve)- Server hosting - port forwarding - very easy, but I can't port forward my routerAll in all, I think this game is brilliant and certainly is worth the money. IF they just fix the connectivity issues and server hosting issues, then I believe it will be perfect! I definitely recommend this! :D"
,Recommended,270150,9468642,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Yakov Smirnoff,"After playing this game for a few hours, I can honestly say this is the most fun I've had in YEARS with a game. The art style is fantastic, the gameplay is solid, and it is just downright fun! 10/10!"
76561198256910303,Recommended,270150,26174852,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,( •_•),Possibly the best top-down game i've ever played!
,Recommended,270150,23458713,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,=F|A=Pabbat Blue,"This game has a lot to offer, wether it's running around with your buddies in invasion mode, or tackling the single player campaign. Whatever you choose to do will most likely get you hooked. The in game community is friendly and YES the multiplayer is active. I could sit here and list and list the pro's that i see in Running With Rifles, but i rather play it.10/10Worth the money."
,Recommended,270150,15176830,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dibbin,"Running With Rifles is pretty cool I guess.To put it simply, it's a top down shooter with more Battlefield Moments™ than any Battlefield game in recent memory.Play as the green guys: They're like America and stuff.Play as the brown guys: They're Russia, sorta.Play as the gray guys: They're closely related to modern day... Germany? I'm not good at guns, please forgive me.A good campaign will take you at least a few hours, and you might even lose. It's not some onesided murderfest where Joe McCool slides in on his military quad and blows everyone up, this is war. Watch in horror as enemy and friend alike get slaughtered before your very eyes with nothing you can do to stop it. It reminds me of Red Orchestra 2, which is a bad thing. Have you ever gotten PTSD that reminded you of that other time you got PTSD? I should also probably mention the level up system. They have one. Most of the ultra powerful commander abilities are locked away for a little bit to prevent that new commander I had in Battlefield 2 from ruining the entire game.I give Running With Rifles 9 review points out of 10. Please don't actually run with a rifle, you'll put your eye out. Trust me.Follow the Curator!"
76561198078455498,Recommended,270150,15172412,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,xxTheEpicDuckxx,All anyone needs to know is that this is one of the few early access games that has been completed on the set date of completion. The developers deserve a lot of credit as they constantly update the game and listen to the community. All i need is zombies. make this happen devs and i will luv you all forever
,Recommended,270150,26685553,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,El_Buhdai,"Far more deep than you'd think an overhead game could be. You're not special, and this ain't CoD. You're just like the man beside you and the only difference is that he's controlled by AI, and your character is controlled by your brain. No buffed health or special treatment here, so dive behind cover and stick with your mates, because this battle is just getting started and it's gonna be long. I'll be dividing this review into Pros, Notes, and Cons. Pros are what most people would consider good for what this game wants to be, Notes are important things about the game that some people may like or dislike based on preference. Cons are things that most people would generally consider to be negative in a game. Let's get right into it!Pros:- Includes navigation and coordination mechanics that can take some getting used to like sight, verticality, and even basic movement, but once you get past the learning curve, which isn't too bad, you'll be knowing when to shoot, with what angles, and how/when to move. It'll begin to feel natural quickly.- Pretty good weapon mechanics. Reloading speed is realistic, and slightly faster to indicate the fast-paced speed of war. Accuracy feels very well scaled and reasonable based on what kind of weapon you're using, and how fast you're firing it.- Inescapable situations where you can tough it out all you want, but the enemy has you in a position where your death is inevitable.- Despite its underlying complexity, a noob can come in and play how he wants for awhile without feeling like complete garbage. He'll be average like the men around him; dying once in awhile. But if he decides to observe the flow of battle and the tactics that his enemies employ, he can become more than mediocre and really shine in combat efficiency.- Many weapons and vehicles to play with.- I actually found a freaking mod that replaces the war teams with N-Strike Elite, Zombie Strike, and N-Strike mega with the blasters from each of those Nerf sub-brands, and even darts with actual physics that stay where they land. I found a freaking nerf war mod on the Workshop! How sick is that!?!?- You always feel like there's a playstyle, game mechanic, or tactic you haven't tried yet, and the items dropped by soldiers sometimes hint at it. This makes it replayable.- You start off as a rank 1 nobody. A scrub. I don't know, well, anything about military ranks, but they seem genuine enough to me. If I'm wrong, correct me in a reply to this review, I guess. Anyway, in the beginning, your fellow men treat you like a rank 1 scrub, sometimes telling you to♥♥♥♥♥♥off if you want to ride with them into battle as well as disrespecting your noob♥♥♥♥♥in other ways, but as you rise in the ranks, you gain access to more weapons (not in a way that feels like CoD either. You really feel like you're becoming a seasoned soldier and you actually deserve it!), and you gain the respect of your fellow men, and can eventually command some of them in a polished squad system!- Great inventory/armor and armory system. I can't elaborate on the details of it as I have not played enough to comment on this confidently.- Includes the spontaneity and unpredictable nature of war without being scripted. 1 second, you might see your team driving up to battle in a truck full of troops, and the next, it's been nuked by a rocket launcher, but maybe one or two of your team mates escaped, and a group of enemies is pushing from the west of that truck, causing the survivors of the explosion to have to duck and fight from behind the scorched truck!- Not all cover is polygonal, and cover can actually be deployed at any angle, likely at any place on land on the maps. This greatly diversifies the combat/cover experience, and serves to, again, increase the longevity of the game. I theorize that if you play this game long enough, you will have a hostile encounter on a line of sight/cover from all 360 degrees around you. The same cannot be said about most modern shooters even from AAA studios. You might shoot or get shot from all angles, but the difference here is you will have a meaningful gunfight on cover that is facing all directions/lines of sight, instead of standing out in the open relying on who saw who first.- Stable, well-optimized game. I have yet to experience one bug or crash, and it runs well on my productivity laptop with integrated AMD graphics. I salute the developers for their hard work!- Supported with regular content. Again, I salute the devs!- Mod support through the Steam Workshop! Thanks devs!Notes:- Because of all the toys to play with, the game does have a bit of complexity, and a learning curve, but it can still be picked up and played by a patient noob.- Matches or battles on each massive map can be long, and control over certain areas can rubber-band between factions like crazy. For example: My longest match on one map was 2 hours long, and my matches average to be about 1 hour long. (EDIT: As of editing this, I've been playing a map for the last 2 days with maybe 4 - 6 hours of gameplay with really slow progress, as there are 2 other factions in this area as opposed to just 1, and I have the game on a custom difficulty higher than the highest.) I personally love this as I've wished for awhile that there were more shooters out there with long, drawn out matches. Others might not like this, so it goes in the Notes section.- Almost all of the sounds in this game are far from realistic. It gives the game a sort of toybox-like atmosphere. I wish it had realistic sounds, and I hope there's a mod out there for it, but I think others might like it. Also, this is not to say the sounds are bad. They still sound good, but they do not sound like genuine war sounds. I think this was intentional.- Cartoon style, overhead art. I personally think the art style is great, but others may disagree.- Man vs. World mode did not really appeal to me, to be honest. It's not bad, and some might like it, but to me it just feels like a tech demo of standard mode if a playerside team wasn't programmed yet. The toybox-like feel of the sounds keeps Man vs. World from feeling as bada** as it should in my opinion.Cons:- Not the most popular game in the world, so multiplayer is not exactly thriving, last time I checked. Although you can still find matches if you come at the right time."
76561198062265037,Not Recommended,270150,17805251,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,AlterEgo45,"Don't buy this game if you're playing solo.Most of these guys play multiplayer - I'm strictly a solo player and for me it wasn't worth it.Until you're a fairly high rank, you can't accomplish anything as a single soldier, and that's a problem because you're the only one on your side that does anything. Friendly AI will hop into a tank, crash it repeatedly into the side of a house, run 3 friendlies over, and then abandon the tank in enemy territory. This means a LOT, because vehicles are overpowered. Once you can control a tank or APC, you can almost roll up a whole map by yourself if you have infantry support. Likewise, when an enemy tank or APC shows up, they mow down every friendly in sight and undo all your hard work. YOUR hard work, because if an enemy checkpoint has been taken over it is almost certain that you are the one who did it.Even if I set up an objective I captured by myself so that the friendly AI can defend it, they still screw it up. One time I had machine-gun emplacements set up so that the AI could hold off the enemy. The friendly AI used them - as cover. They hid behind the machine guns, which were pointed in the right direction, and shot over them using rifles.The Friendly commander, who sets objectives for the AI, picks the worst possible places to attack where you're forced to fight two opposing armies at the same time. This is meaningful, because all of the friendly troops that aren't directly under your control run off to where the Friendly AI commander sends them, leaving you with no support at all.The enemy spawning is too frequent and too close to the action. As people have mentioned before, you can sit on top of a house with a sniper rifle and take out 150 enemy soldiers by yourself with a K/D ratio of 20, and it won't make a lick of difference because your allies can't or won't take ground, and killing all those men doesn't buy you enough time to take an objective yourself. And taking objectives is the only thing that matters in RwR.It is a good looking game. The individual skirmishes, when you're not worrying about winning a level and just shooting it out with the enemy, are fun. I sank quite a few hours into it (don't look at my time on here - it's not accurate).But ultimately I binned the game because it just doesn't go anywhere. It's a pointless grind."
,Recommended,270150,30776779,Posted: 27 March,all,Hammer of Evil,"Haha this game.On the outside, it's very easy to pick up and start playing. Easy install, easy on the system resources.But hidden inside (once the fog of war clears from your vision-and you can figure out whats going on) is a ferociously high skill ceiling.An incredible community - strangely efficient at promoting beautiful teamwork between players, and an active, sane, developer team, this game hits a home run.Rifle/10 would rifle again!I'd be pleased to answer your questions about the game - or feel free to post it up on the discussion board or join the discord. We'll get you running, and surviving, in no time."
,Recommended,270150,13250281,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,gay satan,"Intense battle on a bridge lasting 10+ minutes. Enemy jeep coming from rear, turn to face it, pull M2 LAW. Fire.Explodes, turns and flips, killing all four occupants. Flaming remnant rolls onto seven friendlies, just as one is throwing a grenade, which then kills me. We lose the bridge, then the game.I torrented the 0.98.6 beta, then bought it within 15 minutes. This♥♥♥♥♥♥owns, buy it."
,Recommended,270150,9461356,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,MaxSexAblow,this game is very well made and is a must have
,Recommended,270150,12413181,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Armed Mosquito,"Most top down games don't peak my interest however Running with Rifles has been superb and I have yet to try multiplayer due to the fact I live in a rural area with bad internet. However its supported and ready for servers and the devs have a server of their own up known as SAS.Its a fast paced action game from a top down camera angel using your mouse to pan around in a limited space, like a field of view. Climb obstacles drives vehicles, and plan attacks properly or expect a quick punishment as it should be. Bullets effect your character randomly so that means some might drop you dead like a headshot should or others you may survive from giving you just a few seconds to escape. Don't camp the ai to long or expect to be ambushed, unless thats what you intended! Play how you want in a battle field capture and move manor, but set in  a open world where your welcome to travel around. So much to be said like the end battles with the more powerful ai before winning over a zone. This game is great for you looking for a new unique gameplay thats quiet addicting!"
,Recommended,270150,12782229,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Frog Hat,"Yes get it now. If you ever played that old old SOE game Infantry, you'll like this game. Top down tactical shooter where you play as just one soldier, one expendable grunt. You can choose your weapons, steal dead people's weapons, drive vehicles and it's kind of like watching plastic army men fight but way better than those army men games."
76561197960336623,Recommended,270150,26037201,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[JiF][AARP]Grimp,This is a pretty fun run and die with your friends game. Pretty simply dedicated server setup that uses very little resources.I really appreciate games that allow your own dedicated server.Bots are a fun bunch to play with too. Really great guys. I get killed so many times watching their conversations :)
76561197978498205,Recommended,270150,15242101,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mr. Boots,"I previously recommended the game, but I personally don't now. PvP is dead, and PvE seems a bit boring and linear."
76561198096378964,Recommended,270150,14006212,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Captain Fubar,"Amazing, I can't stop playing"
,Recommended,270150,15206751,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jonathan,"10/10 for the soldiers casual banter, I would definetly sing ""It's Friday"" with my troops again"
,Recommended,270150,26006567,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Maskedviper,"Think about the time when you played with toy soldiers, throw in Voxel graphics and a sandbox approach and you've got RWR"
76561198099057599,Recommended,270150,15236719,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Zoinks Scoob,"I love this game, the gameplay is great, and on my first playing session, I was so immersed in the game I played for a couple hours. The games side and main objectives are fun and engaging, and the combat is amazing. Basicaly, if you like realistic combat games, get this, if you like fun games, get it on sale."
,Recommended,270150,28712299,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jenggodzilla,"Short versionIts when Battlefield and League of legends are doing meth and decided to make a baby.Long VersionOverall game is good. I see quite a big potential for the game, but still needs some improvement like-The ghillie suit should match the look of bushes on the map, so it can fool not only the AIs but also other player-game performance needs a little bit of improvement (this game looks like a light game, but even my medium-end laptop got framerates drop)-Graphical also needs improvement, Not more detail but more ""matchy"" (at low settings and medium settings ghillie suits are easily spotted-for the gameplay. ♥♥♥♥ING ADD MORE ZOOM TO SNIPER AND BINOCULARS! the range vision between binoculars and a pistol is barely visible"
76561197988327542,Recommended,270150,25117561,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,PTX,"It's like Cannon Fodder, but with vehicles, tons of soldiers and weapons, multiplayer, progression and in 3D. What else could you wish for?"
,Recommended,270150,15550321,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Fusbrodawg,"Led a squad with Staff Sergeant Juan Obama and Sergeant Charles Rambo in it, then proceeded to cry as they got brutally gunned down charging across an open field. 10/10 Would charge again."
,Recommended,270150,17087953,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DaRkM,"It was a bright day in Moorland Trenches, I had gone there just to assist in the heavy 3-way battle going on for the land, but before I knew it the floors were draped in blood, out of nowhere I was stuck in the center trench all by my lonesome against waves of Greypants and Brownpants. I had attempted to call for reinforcements but my bloody radio was jammed. In the middle I hid with my trusty M16 picking off lone stragglers attemping to take me on even though I had all of the cover to myself. It wasn't long after that I was getting assaulted by around 20 people on each side, I knew the end was near but I couldn't just give up without a fight. The Greencollars needed this trench as the battle was going on against the waves of Greypant infantry forcing themselves upon the airport. The rest of my Batallion was holding at the airport while I was taking all of the enemies on at the Center trench. Back towards the battlefield the 2 forces fighting for the middle trench were just sending waves upon waves of infantry and taking each other out, but when the time had come that the Greypants were assaulting me, I turned around and picked of 2 of them who weren't smart enough to stay behind cover. I reloaded and threw one of my impact grenades and got a lucky kill and forced them out of cover. I clicked and clicked and took out more of them, before I knew it they were all dead and the Russians had came in for a fight, luckily I had 3 brave souls who came into the fight and held the trench with me. Body after body the Russians carelessly came in trying to kill us, but it wasnt' long before a nade came in and killed 2 of my lads, it was me and Corporal Reid holding the trench from hordes of enemies, when the time had come Reid got killed by a sniper, I was by myself all again. But before I knew it I was down, with no medics to hell me I decided to take the easy way out, I slit my throat and put an end to this hell, however it was not in vain, the Greencollars batallion had taken the Center Trench.11/10 one of my best video game experiences."
76561198063952216,Recommended,270150,14982348,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ARC Trooper,"Drove a tank towards enemy soldiers as the computer in the gunner seat screamed ""THIS IS SPARTA!"" 10/10"
76561198120274116,Recommended,270150,15232175,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Deadshot995,My friend entered a humvee and I took control of the gun. We drove into the enemy base and ran over loads of guys while I mowed down the rest with the machine gun. Our blaze of glory ended when we crashed into a fuel tank and exploded everything around us.10/10 would explode Michael bay style again.
,Recommended,270150,22576242,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mick Jagger,"If you like war-crimes and traumatic front-line combat, this game is great.I haven't seen my family in weeks and I'm not making any friends becuase the last one I did sprayed blood over my uniform after a freindly artillery shell landed on top of him. I looted his body afterwords for his unique shotgun, which I later used to kill off the POWs we had after the battle ended."
76561198096116207,Recommended,270150,22407035,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,AO_Inc,Sunk two Summers of my life into it. No regrets.If you find me I'm Bread!
,Recommended,270150,12417219,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Ancient,"This game is amazing.I honestly didn't think I'd like it too much.  The more I looked into it though, the more interested I became.  5 hours in and absolutely no complaints.  Feels like a finished game.  One of the hidden gems in the early release section, if you ask me.Highly recommend this one to friends and strangers alike :)"
76561198026063338,Recommended,270150,15052170,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Edd,It's a nice game and an amazing milestone for only two men who are behind it.Buy it. Go crazy. Rip your head off over frustrating stalling in advancement. Cry tears of joy when you overcome that stalling.
,Recommended,270150,25536983,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,mubarakwasframed,"A remarkably deep top-down shooterIt's easy to write of Running With Rifles (RWR) as just another top down shooter. When I first started playing it, I first thought of those old online flash games, Endless War, which I played obsessively as a kid on websites like Miniclip and Newgrounds. But RWR is so much more than that.First, the scope. The AI admittedly isn't great on a mass scale; close quarters unit tactics are pretty good, with friendlies and enemies alike advancing to flanking positions, calling in support, and doing many of the things you'd expect a soldier to do. But on a meta scale, the engine which controls the games strategic outlook ain't great. For example, sometimes I like playing massive bloodbaths of games; crazy situations in which each side has somewhere in the realm of 800 soldiers each, all fighting it out building by building or trench by trench. The firefights that develop are massive, and I love the game for those. But it's almost like the game doesn't know what to do with larger groups of troops. There's only one 'target' objective at a time. This creates massive killing fields, in which the AI of one team or another will batter itself relentlessly against one enemy strongpoint at the expense of larger strategic objectives and waste hundreds of troops. I'd also frequently respawn at a base only to find it filled with upwards of 100 troops just standing around.Now you're probably thinking, ""of course,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game wasn't meant to handle that many guys. It's a game meant to give you the feeling of being one in a mass of ground infantry, throwing you into situations from Stalingrad to Hamburger Hill."" And on an individual level, it does that impossibly well for a top-down shooter. For one thing, its bullet physics are remarkably complex compared to what they initially appear to be. Its cover system is as intuitive as it is accurate; taking cover behind a wall, building, vehicle or hedgerow feels as seamless as it should be. Enemies respond to supressing fire. And although taking down vehicles is a challenge, it's about as hard as it should be - which makes it even more satisfying when you do. Hell, even enemy line of sight is handled well; unless they've already seen you or one of your squad, they never just 'know' you or even other AIs on your team are just there, which makes assaulting a base from behind with a full 10-man squad all the more viscerally satisfying.But this is also where the games weaknesses begin to show. For one thing, you have next to no control over your squad; you can tell them to take ground, or regroup on you, and that's about it. I've also always wanted to be able to form elite squads - say, making everyone in my squad a lieutenant, and therefore has better guns and more likely has armor. Unfortunately, my squads are usually at least half privates or corporals, even when I'm a full-bird colonel. So I guess that's my only complaint about this game - I wish it was easier to get your army to attack a specific location (say, if you've spotted a weak spot) and not just keep throwing themselves into whatever objective the game decideds is important. I also wish I had more control over the men in my squad. But at the end of the day, these small frustrations lend a certain perfection to the game. Because within the confines of the game, you're not the supreme commander; you're likely just be another m-16 toting private with a medpack and a few hand grenades, and that's a frustrating position to be in. Because soldiers in those scenarios don't have control over the strategy of the war; all they can do is choose the best tactical options for the situation some armchair general's strategy has put them in. And this game is very, very good at conveying that sense of helplessness and occasionally screwing you over by chance or whimsy. But it only makes it all the more satisfying when your quick tactical thinking lets you take what looked like a defeat and turn it into a massacre of the enemy foot soldiers who are in many ways just like you who were acting until a second ago that they had you bagged. And it's situations like that, so beautifully thrown into the chaos of combat, that makes me keep coming back to this game."
,Recommended,270150,9461456,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,smartbombradio,"Very fun - probably the most fun I've had with an Early Access out of the box. Tons of players online, tons of chaos, and not too much lag (there was some but I'm sure the Devs are on it.)Worth your gaming dollar."
76561198053155440,Recommended,270150,9467719,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Nanman,"One of those few games which fundamentaly is actually very simple, and as a result, it's ridiculously fun. Simple RPG elements mixed with suprisingly tactical combat, plus huge scale battles (litteraly up to 800 AI). Gotta love it."
76561198000710684,Recommended,270150,9469177,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Edpuma,Fun game with great art! Its like playing a top down version of Battlefield with plastic toy soliders. A must buy.
,Recommended,270150,9464596,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Hobbergosher,Holy crap this is fun. Looking forward to watching this game and the community that plays it grow. People playing are friendly and helpful. Really cool and interesting mechanics - you're mixed in with/commanding a lot of capable AI so the battles are massive and continuous and chaotic and a blast.Looking forward to playing a lot more of this.
76561197999347556,Recommended,270150,9470925,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Squishy,"This game just reminds me of cannon fodder plus all the complexity modern companys can throw at it, the ai is beautifully done, troops are very useful and it really does feel like youre 'going over the top' in trench warfare with all your friendly troops or raiding towns or whatever else youre up to on the epic warfield, i really cant recommend this game enough.Its really just so god damn good! Cover systems work perfectly, if you die you die for a good reason and 99.9% know why even on a battlefield filled with 100 troops+ and to me that says alot, ive never been sat there thinking im dieing over bs basically and everything feels very well polished.Gun-play and shooting feels very satisfying especially dropping that well placed grenade in a bunker and running in blasting the others with your troops just feels awesome.p.s. takes alot for me to even bother writing a review so i hope to some that says something, this game really is that good."
76561198021811012,Recommended,270150,33379042,Posted: 8 July,all,Deathstroke,"Simplified battlefield, real fun"
76561198169364934,Recommended,270150,30988240,Posted: 6 April,all,The Holy Pope,"i dont feel like writing a comment. its good. get it. mods. people. funny sometimes. role playey sometimes. lagy never, even on my potato laptop."
,Recommended,270150,14094869,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,James009,"This is a fun and enjoyable overhead shooter with simple mechanics: your in an open-world and your mission is to defeat the enemy! It has three factions, quite a few guns, vehicles, squad and command tactics, and cover mechanics.For early access this one is looking to be fantastic!"
,Recommended,270150,32963004,Posted: 28 June,all,Redrusty66,"Great top-down shooter, with an excellent AI for solo and co-op  modes (Always a joy to find).  Quite a blast. Intense front line firefights, nerves cracking behind the line operations, this game got it all, and more. Amazing ""health"" system that make every single bullets potentially lethal combine to great controls and overall amazing gameplay make this game one of the best war game ever. there's so many possibilities : infiltration, combat as a soldier, as a sniper, as a crewman in a tank or in an APC.. Essentially, you control one soldier with lite inventory management, abilities to order other soldiers around, and 'powers' to call in airstrikes/call in reinforcements/bring in barricades/etc. Very nice addition to the Men Of War assault squad type genre, and one of the few that has ever come close, or even equaling that series expertise at that style of gameplay.If you're into this genre, you shouldn't miss this one."
76561198004563507,Not Recommended,270150,20551190,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The Blue Friend (Keve),"This review is about my own personal experience and thoughts of the gameMy first experience in this game was amazing due to the crazy gigantic battles. It felt awesome running around with a ton of other soldiers blasting your way through a sea of explosions in an urban enviroment!Don't do the same mistake me and my friends did though and drive a car intoo battle. It might sound awesome to drive intoo enemies while shooting like crazy, but you just get instantly killed in the car by a couple of shots from even the weakest of weapons.The populated servers often have experienced people helping the new players so that is a good thing!Sadly though, i noticed that after three hours cut up intoo two game sessions i quickly got bored. It felt like i did the exact same thing i was doing three hours earlier in the game. I had no motivation to keep playing since the system to get higher ranking equipment + guns felt really weird and felt like it took too long to even get anything interesting at all. To be frank this feels like a free web browser game, it's perfect to burn time with but not something you want to play for longer sessions.Long story short:Prepare yourself for some really repetetive gameplay but if you can see past that, you will definitely experience some crazy fun battles!It's a shame to say it since i wanted this game to be good but i sadly can't recommend it. Not with this feeling of repetitivity and low content with the price tag it has this date."
76561198065303206,Recommended,270150,30603255,Posted: 18 March,all,FappyHamSlappy,"I'm rarely at a loss of words, so it means something when the only thing I can come up with about this game is the word, ""FUN."""
76561198068156133,Recommended,270150,15497906,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,JNemesis,"This game is smashin. I really like games with a compelling narrative/story something that makes you feel and get all emotional. The type of games that you shove the game in strangers faces while crying and screaming ""VIDEO GAMES ARE ART, THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL! HERE IS THE PROOF!"" Then you go to your freinds and ask them if they finished the game, they say no and you say ""man you dont even know"" shakeing your head as a single tear falls down your cheek because the game was so emotional and story driven.Running with Rifles has none of this and I love it anyways. Its adicting, I played it for 4 hours straight. One of my two friends on steam (yea be jelly I have two friends) asked me if it was good since I'd been playing so long. I said yea suggested he bought it. He didn't respond for 2 hours. I then baught the game for him and sent it to him, then texted him he didn't respond. I AOL messaged him, he didnt respond again. My friend is a tool, anyways this game is really fun. Peace"
76561198017101122,Recommended,270150,23272609,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,WhenDucksCollide,"tl;dr If you're willing to adapt to the challenges and learn the lessons of RWR then I recommend it wholeheartedly. If you struggle (or are unwilling) to adapt to challenges then this will only annoy you.RWR is an amazingly simple and intuitive concept masterfully executed. You are just another soldier on a battlefield filled with soldiers and you will die as easily as any other soldierWhere most games today simply reward you for progression RWR punishes you for making mistakes. You will die often and maybe even become frustrated. But you will soon figure out what a mistake is and realize that you can avoid making those mistakes if you focus.If you're patient and carefully execute sound plans then you will be rewarded with a sense of satisfaction that very few games are capable of providing. You are just one guy on a massive battlefield and can very easily have little effect on the world around you.After playing a while, when my mind started to tire, I had a tendency to start rushing or not to consider my actions properly; those were the times that the enemy pushed forward and if I was lucky, I would only be stranded on the wrong side of enemy lines.It makes me feel human and fragile. It made me feel many things: good and bad but all of it positive. Most AAA titles I see are like candy: tasty but expensive and shallow. RWR is a solid meal of beef and vegetable stew that nourishes the mind and body and forces both to grow. Going to play it over and over again in the years to come."
76561198019145182,Recommended,270150,25158705,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dr. Lousy Shot,"War is true hell here. You can't be making mistake. It only take one bullet to kill you, maybe more if rng god is in your favor. The cover on the field is your friend. Your squad? Your BEST friend. You are not rambo here. You will get flanked and killed from both side if you try to rush in or hold out by yourself. Find a fancy new rare weapon? Don't even bother you'll just die in a few second and will be unable to run back to grab the weapon as the postion is now over runned. You can be in stalemate over a road or a bridge for hours only to lose it in 5 min as the battlefront moved. Welcome to hell soldier, let me see your warfacehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6vHOR8lzTg"
76561198079039482,Recommended,270150,16082779,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,bignath001,"more of a grower than a shower, good when u get used to it. u can acually play quite tactically"
,Recommended,270150,9481645,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,EDGE_ELITE,"I am absolutely loving this game, it's a blast! :D... I'll write something more in-depth at a later date.. but for the time being, I'm just going to go back and continue playing ;D-Notes:Massive free-roam maps - attack from any angle, stealth etcComplex AI, comical chatterNice simplistic graphics styleIts one of those games that finally fills the ""Why hasnt this been done before"" slot. Fun, immersive, good physics and all at a low cost... You should have bought it by now :)"
76561198078146332,Recommended,270150,13577785,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Purphoros,"Running With Rifles is an amazingly complex, yet deceptively simple top down shooter.  I would recommend to the hard core strategist as well as the casual player."
76561198065067419,Recommended,270150,34991896,Posted: 16 September,all,Enforcer 1244,"This is a game about running to the front lines seeing everyone die around you and you're sitting behind a rock wondering ""how am I going to reach that whiskey bottle over there."""
,Recommended,270150,29992677,Posted: 17 February,all,Karakuliambro,"An extremely well executed isometric shooter. Somewhat difficult at first, but you get to get the hang of it very quickly.Probably can run on a toaster, too."
76561198086599583,Recommended,270150,26519579,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chains,I find this game to be alot of fun altough it may have a small community it is a really good supporting community and always still has alot of people playing it daily.So stop wanking and buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game!
,Recommended,270150,16566782,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Major Wibble,"**WARNING, MULTIPLAYER IS ALMOST DEAD. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE United Kingdom OR THE United States YOU'LL HAVE A VERY HARD TIME FINDING A SERVER**Pros:- Nice artistic desgin.- Lots of vehicles.- Lots of weapons.- RPG elemts that allows for XP and ranking.- Can have hundreds of smart and challenging AI on screen at once.- Top Down Shooter that isn't a run and gun.- Realism.- Cover system.- Huge maps.- Devs are still updating the game.- Mod support.Cons:- Multiplayer is almost dead and nobody seems to play PVP.- £10.99 feels like a bit much.- Gets boring quite quickly.- The height of the object you're taking cover behind is unclear so you end up shoot walls alot.Overall this is a great top down shooter that allows for massive firefights but the multiplayer community seems to of almost died out because the game gets old really fast."
76561198090360668,Recommended,270150,31819722,Posted: 18 May,all,Rommel,This game is trial by fire. The tutorial is pretty bad. Its very much a 'learn on the job' type of game.RWR is something that really stands out among other games in the fact that you are never the centre of attention.The friendly AI all go around in their squads and take part in massive battles. There will be times when you are running to an objective and come across loads of bodies from a battle that happened whilst you were else where. This makes it really feel like you are just one of the AI. Just make sure that you stay away form AI whilst they are in vehicles. Their movements are unpredictable and I have been ran over many times by AI trying to do a 3 pointer.
,Recommended,270150,9487954,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,F|23AKZ01D,"I typically can't play a game for more than 15 - 30 minutes at a time.  I have ADHD, so it's nearly impossible for me.  Yesterday, I spent 3-4 hours playing this game.  It is well worth the $10."
76561198098236497,Recommended,270150,22847109,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nuclear Narwhal,"See a soldier driving a humvee""Wish I wasn't driving""Try to take his spot as driver""BUZZ OFF""10/10"
76561198136644103,Recommended,270150,16148679,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Top Gopnik,It's like Call of Duty with duties -IGN
,Recommended,270150,16608797,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,"Bob, Emperor of the Universe",There was a man in my squad named Tony KardashianI had him charge the enemy and he died after being shot about 1000 times11/10 Would save the human race from demonspawn again
,Recommended,270150,19775513,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Qball,"Do you like massive, 1000 person wars that you are not some overpowered hero but a pawn in it? Then get this!"
76561198064926462,Recommended,270150,23881484,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mr. Mango,"Very in depth mechanics. Has stealth, has cover and angles, has suppresion fire, has loads of teamwork. Loads of fun."
,Recommended,270150,29450316,Posted: 23 January,all,Tabbarn,"This is a neat little game. No story and no characters, just suprisingly engaging gameplay."
76561198035646485,Recommended,270150,34003015,Posted: 3 August,all,TehRettz,11/10 Can actually run with rifles.
76561198076600299,Recommended,270150,9482448,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Testpilot 14,"#1 Movie In America, 9/10 critics approve, ""Spectalular"", ""A great game for the family"""
76561198082489007,Recommended,270150,12919579,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Don Trump 4,"I saw this game and imagined it as a large-scale semi-strategic/tactical shooter, with plenty of ways to play.I was not disapointed.I got the demo, and was taken back by what that alone offered. Large battles in the cityscape, with squads of soldiers following or leading. The feeling of being a small part in an army, and how to distict oneself from the common soldier. Choose weaponry and scavenge from the battlefield to repurpose oneself. Absolute carnage and tactical play in a deceptively just chaotic battlefield. Freedom to undertake self-created objectives to aid the frontlines. Death ever-present staring at you in the face, waiting for you to dash in front of that suppresive fire.This was not just an arcade game; this was a gem I needed to get.So I did.The great variety of maps and options are an integral part of the fun. Choose to start as a lowly private or a colonel. Create a skirmish between 150 guys to a warzone with over a thousand. Have the option to throw in a third side in the conflict.The game is pretty balanced, too. Grenades are aplenty in this game, but don't feel overpowered. Machine guns are appropriately less accurate than the common assault rifle. AI isn't too bad, either, and are fun to play with. Vehicles make great support in fighting, but can't one-man-army its way into enemy lines without expecting to blow up first.One of the best games I've ever bought on the Steam store. Perfect for when you want to feel part of something larger."
76561197962029126,Recommended,270150,15242038,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TDX,"I'm a bit shocked at how good this game is.  The basic gameplay was simple enough for me to get started and have a tonof fun.  As I learned more and got better the game got even more fun.This was completely worth the $15 I paid.  This may be the first game review I've written in ten years, but I felt compeled to spread the word."
,Recommended,270150,11990258,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,FNSaver,"Early Access Review.It's worth noting that I've been playing the game since Alpha 0.3 - around August 2011. I've seen this game grow and evolve wonderfully in the last 3 years. Back then proning was recently implemented, the game had 3 weapons besides the knife and the grenades (M240, MP5SD and G36), no multiplayer and it was still one of the most entertaining games I've ever played.What we got in our hands here right now is a wonderful online or single-player top-down military shooter, encompassing a wide arsenal of weapons and vehicles, even some naval combat. Where the game *really* shines, though, is the urban combat. You can climb on top of any roof, take cover behind any wall, command your squad members to take any position, drive anywhere, cover any angle. As you progress through the game you gain XP, calculated using your kills and deaths and you gain ranks. With higher ranks you have access to a wider arsenal, become able to command more squad members and call in fire support, ranging from a simple mortar round to a full on artillery barrage or paratroopers. You can even ask the Command to drop a bloody tank.With each player and his/her squad members, you witness gorgeous battles containing hundreds of soldiers, millions of rounds and dozens of vehicles and this happens on a huge map with many fronts.Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game. It's the best 10$ you'll ever spend.You can find me in-game mostly on the SAS UK server under the name of ""Bishop""."
76561198097167389,Recommended,270150,34403328,Posted: 21 August,all,toumie2,"It's fun playing alone, but with friends the fun is doubled."
,Recommended,270150,13088459,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,UrbanFury,"This game is crazy and even difficult at times. So there are three factions greens, gray, and orange -- and they really kill the crap out of each other. All day erry day. Taking capture points in a 40 vs 40 battle isn't easy to do in this game and some points change hands multiple times before I get control of the situation. It's a very fun game. There is a cover system, xp system, ingame currency, a store/weapons production (aka an Arsenal), a bank (aka a Stash), squad system, armored vehicles and tanks, boats, and lots of other things. Try the demo and if you like the combat then you will like this game. The game is fairly amped up in comparison to the demo. Once you buy the game you'll know what I mean. I paid 15$ and it feels worth it and I feel good about supporting these developers.One thing that I would like to see is indoors combat or even underground in tunnels and bunkers."
76561198070554727,Recommended,270150,9945891,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Deathtank,"I just wanna start by saying WOW just wow, this game has took my breath away. ""Why?"" you may ask, well do i got a story to tell you.This game has one objective win the war between 3 factions (Green, Grey, and Brown). You take the role one army man who is nothing special he is like all the other lil army men, however uesing your skill and smarts you are able to earn xp and rank up and more things unlock for you aswell as being able to command your own squad. The game offers a very fun multiplayer that really needs more poeple, and also offers a few large maps that make battles drag on for hours (more so in multiplayer) this is not a bad thing the game is fun as hell and the battles are massive so you will always be hungry for more.I would be more descriptive but that would ruin the magic of playing it for yourself, so i strongly suggest you pick up a copy for you and a friend. (because the singleplayer can also have a co-op mode). (this game can also run on just about anything just not a legit toaster, sorry guy who made toaster computer)QUICK  UPDATE ON MY OPINON NOW ITS OUTstill love it buy it now losers, or else you won'tA: Get a sweet babeB: Have more then just two dollars to your nameY: As in WHY HAVENT YOU ♥♥♥♥ING BOUGHT IT YET"
,Recommended,270150,16524416,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CamyHunt,"I havent played much of this game but I have been able to play 1 coop game, I love this game! It is so fun and enjoyable so buy it and play it!10/10"
76561198129442494,Recommended,270150,15319720,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Blasticus,"Fun, fast, playable, priced right.Single player reminds me of Dynasty Warriors a little bit.  In that your part of a large army fighting another large army, and need to personally address areas of conflict to turn the tide."
,Recommended,270150,21057757,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Judge Kawaii,Remember when you'd play with those little plastic soldiers? This is that on ♥♥♥♥ing crack
,Recommended,270150,33573556,Posted: 15 July,all,Temple of Zoom,I remember being throughly unimpressed with this when I played the free alpha version ages ago. It was clunky and confusing almost to the point of being unplayable.This is no longer the case.Just to preface as of writing this review i'm 6 hours in and only knee deep in first single-player campaign. (go Brownpants)Where to start?The learning curve is probably the only off putting part of this game. Initally you will die a lot while you get used to the perspective and how line of sight works. The recently implemented FOV visualisation option I have found infinitely useful for learning when I have a shot at an enemy and also when i'm in cover against being shot at.By the time I ranked up enough to have a small squad under my command most of this became second nature (about 4 hrs).What does it play like?The obvious comparison is large scale Battlefield type gameplay albiet from an isometric perspective. Three factions with unique equipment competing for domination over a world map with many different zones that appear to simulate in real time. I also get echoes of two games I played years ago called Soldat and Return Fire.Will you like it?This is very hard to quantify. It takes the tropes of modern FPS and translates them into a top on perspective. The camera is fixed so this can run into problems sometimes with buildings making it difficult to accurately move your runner.If you get frustrated with dying or having a godly KDA then this game is probably not for you.Can I recommend it?Yes. The devs are active and the gameplay is consistantly challenging. Can see myself playing many more hours of this and would love to play with a group at a LAN sometime.
,Recommended,270150,34748420,Posted: 4 September,all,Quacky05,"Do you want to use a gun that can kill in a hit? Do you want to get shot and die in one hit? Do you like picking up random stuff that soldiers drop and selling them for real guns?Well, this game has all that and more.Get a gun, get to cover, start shooting, basically. This game features a massive multiplayer war with realistic killing,  shooting, and driving. Yes, you can even drive cars into tanks and blow up the C4. Or drive tanks and get blown up becuase you are too far into the frontlines.Basically, this game lets you do whatever you want (And possibly die on that solo raid) with still having a massive objective. This game lets you feel what soldiers feel, either you blaze the field on the frontlines, or you manage the flank that wins the stalemate. It's oddly very fun. It has the very fustrating feel of trying to do something, then a very satisfying feel when you finally win, it stikes just the right balance between the two. The community is great (As of this review), alot of posts on the community of the game are the greatest, and it even has places for any skill and playstyle.10/10, It IS hard to pick up at first, but then once you learn it, it is most, if not all, of what I said.P.S. Now looking at the other reviews, I may have just wrote a novel about this."
76561198061689231,Recommended,270150,32724973,Posted: 24 June,all,jinx,"Excellent game, After I picked it up I had trouble pulling myself away from it.Solid game with some great mechanics, I've spent far too long scavenging for enemy weapons."
,Not Recommended,270150,17374567,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Smenny,"It's a really cool idea, with a lot of freedom. Pretty fun to run around with your own squad, sneaking behind enemy lines, driving vehicles etc.But sadly it lacks content. Once you have completed the campaign once, theres really no need to do it again. And that doesn't take very long. Unless you like the multiplayer, which I personally don't. I can't really understand why this has so many positive review. I was pretty dissapointedI think the only way to have some real fun with this title is in CO-OP"
,Recommended,270150,15294456,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Tim Bab,"FINALY THIS GAME GOT SOME ATTENTION!This game is fantastic.  It is hard to get the hang of it at first but then you can get the hang of it.  You can get frustrated but to see a compliment on the side of the screen saying ""Nice Work Soldier"" it is so gratifing.One thing the game could need is a more user friendly menu because I had trouble figuring it out. Get this game9\10 would forget my radio in my other pants again."
76561198075292911,Recommended,270150,32120881,Posted: 1 June,all,phillipgrundy777,-Been playing for a week straight-still dont know what the geneva conventions are10/10 would massacre prisoners for xp again
76561198060527161,Not Recommended,270150,33863138,Posted: 28 July,all,Sir Slush,"This game emulates war far more exactly than it should. I have very seldom been so frustrated.Battles turn into eight-hour-long slogs where no matter how much ground you gain, it's always lost again in a few moments. Your AI teammates have no real strategy, often leaving your bases woefully underdefended and trying to attack well-defended installations nestled between two opposing factions, resulting in three-way skirmishes and often ending up fighting their wars on at least four or five fronts, leaving themselves exposed to new enemies spawning in from every direction. Any moron would know you have to capture bases in such a way as to have as few frontlines as possible so you can consolidate your forces, but the AI only seems to understand the idea of capturing the next nearest base.There's no way to 'wear down' your opponents since enemies respawn constantly, your bases are always too underdefended to survive being attacked from two (or three or four) sides, and trying to capture new ones is almost impossible by yourself since - rightly so - you are a single soldier in this war, not a one-man-army. While this game demonstrates very well how gruesomely bloody the battles for a few feet of land can become, it is in no way fun to play a game where your allies (and commanders) actively sabotage the war effort and no one can gain the upper hand over the others in any way."
,Recommended,270150,9513163,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Lint Wizard,"This game is already quite excellent. Tons of fun, tons of challenge, tons of freedom plus an appreciable amount of equipment variety, and the only technical difficulties I've experienced in 3 hours of online co-op play were some momentary desyncs. Get in on this!"
,Recommended,270150,25705509,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Evap,"RWR is the kind of game that knows its niche. It's hardcore enough to please the junkies, and casual enough to♥♥♥♥♥♥around in. You'll fight battles that last for 2 hours and it's cool to see how the map looks after hundreds of men spill their blood on the battlefield. There's some cool workshop mods out right now, but vanilla will keep you going for a while.Do keep in mind it's not a completely polished AAA game and there are still bugs. The devs are still updating and I hope keep nursing this game into perfection."
,Recommended,270150,9578567,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,jiffyracer,"OMG GRENADE.Overview:You play as a grunt soldier slowly working your way up through the ranks of your faction. Your objective is to capture enemy points by defeating and maintaining a strong military presence over strategic areas of your world map. Your army contains hundreds of little army guys ready to eliminate the opposing force. You can supply yourself by calling in air raids, artillery, extra squad mates, and vehicles, using points you earn through base captures and kills. Already a highly frenetic game, with text bubbles popping up from fellow soldiers, snipers taking aim, and a massive incursion heading towards a freshly captured base, you're going to have your hands full.Experience:Surrounded by fellow men-at-arms, I feel strength. A passion for justice burns through my veins as I begin making my way to the target reticle on my screen. As I storm over a small wall and begin to engage enemy forces, I soon realize that reloading is a fairly important thing to do. Also, crouching. Going prone isn't a bad idea either. Hell, maybe even picking up a different weapon for giggles! Wait, no pause?! WTF! Okay, I got this, I'll just go check the controls real quick! But nay, I am struck down in a hail of grenades and gunfire.Round 2: Friendly tank is storming the road and heading to engage enemy forces in a nearby outpost. I pop a shot into the tank to alert them that I would like to help. That's a lie. I pop a shot into the tank because I don't know what the hell I'm doing. Regardless, I climb into the gunners seat and begin to rain sweet revenge upon those Gray ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. 5 kills, then 9, then... um, my driver decides he would rather stop and smoke a doobie. Communist prick. I ditch the tank to find myself balls deep in enemy territory. Having mastered the ""C"" key at this point, I make my way to the nearest building and begin crouching and reloading as if I'm twerking with an automatic weapon. The enemy flanks, descends upon my position, and causes me to compromise my ""bombastic twerking"" and retreat. I die yet again in a hail of bullets, and I am content.Review:I enjoy this game immensely. The action is frenetic and fast-paced, the maps are very much open to whatever tactic you deem intelligent. The enemy A.I. is pretty responsive and will deliver a swift kick to your♥♥♥♥♥♥fairly easily if you're not paying attention. The sound is pretty on pace with what I would expect out of such a game. I actually thought they did a great job with variation between the weapon sounds. The graphics are very much of the arcade style, but with a more mature flavor. There will be blood. Controls are easy to use after you've acclimated yourself to what does what. I do understand that this game is still in development, and I understand the developer will be adding more features and taking feedback as they move forward. I would rate this game an 8 out of 10. I would recommend this game to any and all. Very pleased to support this product and can't wait to see it finished.Recommendations:I'm sure a controls tutorial has been brought up, but I personally think it would be helpful. A sort of Boot Camp, if you will. I enjoy the detail of the map, and the lack of clutter with the overall interface. I would enjoy having the option to have a transparent mini version of the map available on screen. Placement can be modified by the user. Again, great product and very happy I was able to support you guys in any way."
,Recommended,270150,9496916,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,SmugglersX,"It is BATTLEFIELD & ARMA: WASTELAND Mod in a top down version.The game is NUTTY FUN, if you like EITHER of those you will enjoy this. Single player is BLAH, but MP is fun as can be. Excited to be apart of this game and watching it grow. I hope they can add more depth of gameplay and smooth out some of the rougher edges. But the game is gonna be a good one if the devs support it and keep the community engaged by adding EVENTS!*1 MONTH UPDATE: (Apr 17) Where is the community :/ This game has DIED, so quickly currently only 11 players online."
76561197970668950,Recommended,270150,9501940,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,SPONGE,"Cannonfodder meets Company of Heroes.You control a single infantry solider who you can rank up with XP (kills, capture points - death reduces your XP) to unlock better weapons & kit, plus commander style radio options such as paradrops, vehicle spawns (with resource points) & mortor strikes. You can drive various vehicles such as tanks, trucks & jeeps & with adequate resource points build simple structures (sandbag walls etc) The visuals are different, yet look good & do the job well, especially with the large amount of action that transpires in co-op. I've yet to experience any frame rate or graphical issues with everything turned up to max settings.There are a couple of modes to choose from - single Player campaign, PVP & Co-op V AI with the main focus beind all being capture & holding points on the map (Think battlefield flag capture)It plays really well with the AI making a decent job of capturing & defending points, flanking & attacking in large numbers - making for some epic battles, the maps are decent with a good variety of terrain, towns, fixed emplacements & forts (Theres even a Wake Island map for those that have played Battlefield)Combat is satisfiyng & dieing (a lot) isnt a problem as its a near instant respawn.Being Beta (at time of writing) theres still some content missing & still some work to do with the interface (you cant change the view point for example) plus the AI vehicle pathfinding needs a bit ot tweaking.Overall Its a very enjoyable experience that I can only recommend, with the added bonus of a decent price."
76561198051450199,Recommended,270150,16583400,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NetworkSeal,Miniature arma. What's more to say about it?
,Recommended,270150,11627850,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Captmohamed,"This game is really fun, it's been out on Desura for about 2 years now and it's really changed since I last saw it.You start as a simple private in a big battleground along with numerous AI soldiers, you may start running about like a headless chicken but if you follow the flow of troops or the attack orders you'll quickly find combat. And quickly catch a stray bullet to the face.Well done you've had your first death in Running with Rifles, there's a reason they teach you not to run with scissors and rifles are no exception. But thankfully at the start death is not really a detriment, with the push of a button you're spawned back to the nearest spawn point and can run off to get killed again but hopefully you'll take some with you and learn to use the environment as cover.As you kill, be killed, and rank up you'll get access to new toys and get the ability to command your own AI squad, starting with your own little private who follows you around and tries their best to help you as they go through the same process as you did. You won't get the same private sadly, once he dies you just nick another one from some other AI's squad. Eventually you'll be able to lead the charge and take over enemy positions with you and your squad, along with generous helpings of parabourne troops and mortar strikes.I'm a bit dissappointed that is awesome game hasn't had any promotions on the Steam page, it was only by chance did I see it in the early access page. This is a definitely fun game to play and the more people we get on the multiplayer servers the better."
76561198018244419,Recommended,270150,16956460,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,QuickLoad,"One of the most tactical shooters i've played in awhile.VERY realistic for a top-down shooter, atleast the mechanics.+Two soundtracks that play over and over but are somehow not boring.+Demo before you buy it.+Teamwork or you loose.+Good AI for what it's worth.+Variety of vehicles, unique gameplay, and factions allow 1v1v1, very versatile gameplay.+COOP is the only avalible mode usually; but it's fun!+Stealth gameplay is A M A Z I N G-Not a lot of PVP servers.. and there's not many players on at a time actually, it's kinda sad to see such a good game with a low player base.Worth the $15.EDIT: 10/2/15The developers are in contact with their users and regulate their game servers! It's amazing and often the developers share their updates.Recently, the game got a boost of players which allow larger cooperative matches.The next update will be literally these next weeks.EDIT: 11/27/16Although my nomination of 'Just 5 more Minutes' would technically go to Project Reality, it is not a steam game and thus my second nomination goes to this game. There have been many times where it was time for me to go to sleep, and I thought 'huh lets just stop on RWR for one match!'.Then I found myself at 6:35AM without any sleep."
76561198028646427,Recommended,270150,9462584,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,OniBaki,"It's a bundle of silly warfare that has me hooked on fighting for territory. It's simple, nothing too complex and it keeps its fun where you start as a simple grunt with a rifle and having to earn you're equipment and squad."
76561198018554611,Recommended,270150,14805038,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Morris,"I like it A LOT! For only being a work in progress, theres a whole lot of fun to be had ^_^ after about 4 hours of nonstop play did i begin to feel tired, the armory to me a minute to figure out though"
,Recommended,270150,9686053,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,neitronus,"I highly recomend this game. Why? Because it's as imple as it seems, but a trailer or a gameplay video are unable to show you full immersiviness and depth of combat simulation. Running with Rifles have a very deep cover-based combat system mended with really great ""presistance feeling"", achievable trough really great balance between player and NPCs. While playing this game  you should always keep in mind, that even if you're smarter than scripted NPC, even if you can shoot more accurate due to better understanding of recoil mechanisms, still you are equal to those NPCs fighting for you and against you, and next bullet, fired randomly from an NPC's rifle in a firefight 300-500m away from you, will remind you about that. Even if you know that campaign are only 8-missions-long (at the moment of creating this review), you shouldn't be afraid of that. Running with Rifles offers you a great replayability via adding absolutely intensive firefight, coupled with great variety of tactical solutions to execute. Haven't i mentioned that this game and it' developers are looking high towards community integration? Yeah, they does. Mods are already implemented, developers are providing community with an SDK-tools, etc. And as the time goes on, those features will only expand, as well as new-ones will be implemeted. Same goes for mod-support: more API are on the way to community mod-makers. You wanna deep cover-based tactic actions without those casual console-like mart-covers making you invincible? Try this game. Wanna relax after long day in your comfortable chair, playing some madness-creating messy shooter without any need to get into details? Try this game too, it'll fit you as well as for gun-nerdy guy from a previous question!"
,Recommended,270150,13306337,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,mash,Amazing fun.. Imagine Soldat + Battlefield :D Pretty tactical too.
,Recommended,270150,31850068,Posted: 19 May,all,A cute Murderous Aftik,"I love this game. It has really good characters that break the 4th wall as much as deadpool and they do not seem like they are AI. they always talk about the weather, make yo mamma jokes, ask where we can buy this game for their friends and have a good shot, the graphics are not hard on your system. only until you get into a 12 hour stalemate like i did have have so much blood graphics that i was at 10fps.all around this is a good game.9/10"
76561198010299955,Recommended,270150,31025276,Posted: 8 April,all,[TDaF]ABadRash,"I'm bad about giving reviews, but, this game deserves your money. If not for the OC, then for the modding community, there's everything from a musket mod to a warhammer 40k mod. This game needs more community members, and is a fun game to pick up and play for 2-3 hours at a time. I'll admit to not having played it in a while (you can thank overwatch and the witcher 3, as well as Warframe) but I know when I re-instal and get back to it I'll be having a grand ol' time as I love these ""mil-sim yet still arcade like"" shooters (lookin at you, insurgency/squad). You can certainly buy a helluva lot worse game for $15, and as of this review, I have not seen one ounce of pay to get dlc.My hopes for this game:They add the ability for player costumes in game (not just through mods) cause some of the ""elite soldiers"" costumes look grandRare weapons drop more often/can be unlocked (as far as I've played I haven't unlocked any so take that with a grain of salt I haven't seen the recent patch notes)A fourth faction, maybe using chinese weaponry, would really like to call them the red coats.The multiplayer is thriving and fun to watch (I haven't played yet) and the mods only get better, definitely a reccomendation from me. 7.5/10"
76561198006691579,Recommended,270150,18132187,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Kabba,Dying with rifles more like.10/10 can sit for hours screaming at AI team mates for being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,270150,12908525,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Vikingsambow,"We had our backs to the wall defeat was near, one base to defend. One hour later the map was evenly split we were pushing them back. A counter attack put us on the back foot again, 2 hours of intense firefight would follow before a victor would emerge. To put a long story short. running with rifles is a top down shooter game which captures the essence of war and forces you to think tactically. It is not a game that ends fast but time will fly literally as you are engrossed in a all out war. Running with rifles doesn't have a story mode but instead has RPG elements such as leveling up which unlocks different weapons, radio calls to HQ and increases your squad size which you can control. You level up by killing and capturing bases and you level down by dying, simple. Single player is good for learning the ropes but online multiplayer is where this game shines, with up to 60 human players plus AI the battles are never dull, i've also found the online community very friendly and competitive. The online modes are PvP PvE PvPvE. There are currently 3 factions in the game Greenbelts, Greycollars and Brownpants and you can find all three factions fighting each other in one map. The graphics leave something to be desired but the style suits the game and is polished nicely. The sounds are probably the only major issue I have with the game as they become repetitive and it would be nice to hear some voices e.g. soldiers yelling out.If you're not sure i would recommend trying the demo first to see if it appeals to you.8/10Warning: You Will Die"
,Recommended,270150,22958572,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Chαsε,"My mom used to tell me to not run around with rifles cause I might fall and shoot myself. Well she was wrong, this games is SUPER fun, it is a massive scale on-going war for territory, you choose factions and helps your team fight. You can either sneak in or run around with your allies into war. Never before I've said war is so much fun well in a video game of course; also the zombie mod will make this game 10 times even better. Tons of weapons, vehicles, playstyle and replayability."
76561197974121759,Recommended,270150,16109358,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,j.c.mellonhead,"This game is amazeballs. Action, some strategy elements, even a sort of ""open world"" feel. And every encounter is tense, since one stray bullet is all it takes to pwn you.I enjoyed the single player a ton, and it would def be a great game to play co-op with a few friends (online  co-op and pvp are pretty fun too).There can be some (minor) bugs, but nothing that ever ruined the experience for me. Overall, 10/10"
76561198038396201,Recommended,270150,24464617,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ReaverSP,"A beautiful mix between good ol' Battlefield (1942 and 2) and ARMA with Minecraft ""kind off"" graphics.This top-down wargame shooter has three different armies with they own arsenal of fire arms and vehicles.The player would start as a simple soldier with a rifle and a granade. The more battles he fight, the more experice he would get. More experience would mean access to different weapons, to a radio for calling for artillery support or paratroopers and even be able to command a squad.The maps would be from middle size to big ones. The player would find him self fighting on deserts, frozen woods and even cities with lots of friendly and enemy troops and vehicles. The best part of this, is that the maps are completly open for the player to decide if he follows the course of a battle plan or do things his way.The vanilla experience is great, but if you play with overhauls like Overlord and Mass Effect Overhaul the experience would be even greater. This game is well worth your ""monies""."
,Recommended,270150,30000161,Posted: 17 February,all,weeFour,"This game is extremely hard even against the A.I., like seriously. I have a campaign set on the highest possible difficulty across all the different options and it's been an absolute blood bath.First map - Easy, we secure the map in less than an hour.Second map - Still easy, took an hour but got it anyway.Third map - Took 2 hours and a bit but finally secured it in the end.Fourth map - 3 hours in and I still can't take the beach head. The A.I. turned up out of nowhere. I would have to exhaust 5-7 artillery rounds just to get a foot hold on the beach, then suddenly two enemy tanks, a humvee and a ♥♥♥♥ ton of soldiers begin their counter-attack, at which point my team gets royally destroyed. Eventually they push me all the way back to our carrier base and inevitably take control of that as well.I highly recommend this game if you're bored from time to time and want something you can just get into and just genuinely enjoy. The driving is fun, the combat CAN be intense, and sometimes on Co-op servers you get people who are genuinely a delight to play with. The A.I. is well made and the maps are fantastic. Don't let the screenshots fool you, it isn't a boring game, it's actually fun as hell. It's basically top down Battlefield."
,Recommended,270150,9490142,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Aviticus Dragon,"This game is like SOLDAT on CRACK! Totally recommend this game!PROS:Lots of shooting and killingFunny deathsCover system ACTUALLY WORKSGet in vehicles and tanksEquipment system during battles, change weapons, pick up items from the ground, or add items such as protective shields, body armor, etc.Ability to have a squad that follow you around as you gain in ranks.CONS:Will wish you hadn't read this review as the game will suck your life away!"
,Recommended,270150,23428390,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dan,"Really fun game, especially when you install mods. I got one where it turns the game into a zombie apocalypse and you choose to start off as a bandit, survivor or military and basically your job is to control the entire map. The basic objective is the same throughout vanilla and modded versions of the game. Control the map. Really fun and totally worth the money if you're into complete world domination :3"
76561198100520712,Recommended,270150,14728330,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,The-Dirty-Nastee,"within 30 minutes of playing this game, i convinced my two roomates to buy it and play with me.played the game 7.4 hrs in less than 20 hours of owning the game.10/10 would play again"
76561198278747420,Recommended,270150,33840430,Posted: 27 July,all,natespencer03,"Mechanics are great, nothing I have seen before. Great weapon viarity, each one having different styles. Intresting realistic vehicles and enviornment mixed with blocky/cartoony character models and weapons. Over all it's a well executed game. I recomend you at least try it. : )"
,Recommended,270150,18777188,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,YellowAfterlife,"A rather lovely top-down tactical shooter.Has both single-player and online multi-player modes (both work well).Has a campaign (both single-player and cooperative).Has a large selection of weapons, items, and vehicles.Has modding and map making support.Highly replayable."
76561198124273215,Recommended,270150,15561984,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,AlsoDJKhaled,Read All Quiet on the Western Front befeorehand for full effect.
,Recommended,270150,29571853,Posted: 29 January,all,g2tec,Do you remember Army Men?
,Recommended,270150,18256675,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,George The Zebra,0/10bad fish aigave me nam flashbacks
76561198096761526,Recommended,270150,13685104,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ro3,No fall damage . 10/10
,Recommended,270150,30514507,Posted: 14 March,all,bottle,"It's not perfectMaybe you'll be sad because you can't do something""why can't i use my radio in a car?""but like it's still on the better sidecompared to other gamesand heyit's mod friendly"
,Recommended,270150,22948610,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,o4zloiroman,"A suprisingly deep tactical shooter, despite it having a top-down view and being pretty light hearted about itself and war in general. It has a few weird quirks, like soldiers having unlimitted ammo and instant turn rate, but overall, it's a game absolutely worth playing, if you're into warfare on a massive scale.Community is alive enough to find a PvE server at almost any time of the day. Big PvP servers are empty most of the time, unfortunately."
76561198019009116,Recommended,270150,9578359,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Legacy,"Unlike your other shooters that put you as the hero of the game or campaign in one way or another, that's not the case here at all. You're just one of the masses of grunts that're going up against incredible odds of another army. You'll probably die within the first 10 seconds of battle from a number of reasons, then respawn, just to die again. And on top of that, as a different character each time (if you check the names of your soldier and those around you, you'll notice they're different pretty much every time!) Objective and combat are pretty straightforward, the controls are simple and easy to work with, and the current online servers are a pleasure to play on with other players.Simple little game, incredibly frustrating at times, but loads of fun."
76561198014741492,Recommended,270150,9698369,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Force Lima 3/3,"This game is completely and utterly addictive. That is all i can say about this game at the moment, becasue i must log back on and play some more."
76561198081733468,Recommended,270150,9507611,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,d λ ω g,I flipped a tank with my flailing dead body.420/69 m80
,Recommended,270150,9501271,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Gunslinger,"Wow - what a gem this game is! It makes you feel like you're part of a huge war. Better than BF4? Definitely.Logged a few more hours into this puppy - epic is the new adjective that comes to mind.Progressive rank system with unlocks, massive infantry pushes, missions behind enemy lines, machine gunners laying suppressive fire, radio in humvees and artillery, naval battles, transport trucks full of infantry, pixelated gore, naval battles, cover system.Addictive, fun, unique. And surprisingly realistic and deep."
,Recommended,270150,9506625,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,A Lightning Round,"This game came out of nowhere to compete with Dark Souls II and EVE Online for my most played title. It's fascinating to watch the AI's flank each other, take cover when you unload on an enemy squad running into the open, and call for reinforcements in response to a lost skirmish.While it still has a little bit to go before I would say it's complete (mainly fleshing out the vague instructions to the player about game modes and progression mechanics), at $9.99 I'd say this game is a steal and definitely worth the asking price."
76561198117688782,Recommended,270150,9602005,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Old Greg,I love rwr do you love me rwr? could you ever love me?
,Recommended,270150,9494656,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ElMikky™☮,"Ever wondered how it feels like when you are just another soldier, like tousents like you? This game answers it greatly! It has some very good gameplay, a variety of vehicles that you can use and drive, including sentry towers like TOW and MG on tripods. Also real time elements, like building covers, and towers. Maps are quite big, and weel made, that one while you are fighting in town, and than in the forests or deserts. There are also pretty good RPG elements. You have a backpack, whoch you can manage just like you want, in real time, even in the middle of a gun fight! You can also store stolen weapons in Storage, or buy one with RP points, gained by doing objectives, bringing rare items to Armory (thing like Gamegirls, cigarrets, lighters, etc) and buy new items from Armory too. There is a lot of weapons, but almost all of them are dropped from enemies, but are very rare. Few of the weapons are in the Armory, but it takes some time until you can afford them. You need to be a certain Level with gained XPs, and than buy them for RP points, eachtime you die (unless you store them, of course), however, after you die, you will loose some RP pints, like 5 or so, and for like 40 you can buy one of those weapons, so be carefull! The only thing i hate in this game, are servers and your rank. There is only like 1 server, but however with +-50 players online every time, and a lot of points. But your rank only stays on THAT server, not on any elses. Anyway, i would recomend this game to anyone who like shooters, RPGs, GTA style games for vehicles, and strategies. See you on the battlefield!"
76561198046586417,Recommended,270150,17071528,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Rithilin,"Not for the faint of heart, or those who respect the geneva convention, or those who dont enjoy dying in a single shot, or those who dont enjoy blowing themselves up on a daily basis, or for those who..... you get the point, this game can be brutal. With that said, if you stick with it long enough to learn what you're doing, its great fun. I certainly plan on continuing raising that playtime count of mine ;)"
76561198008896532,Recommended,270150,11769600,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,JOE1st,where has this game been all my lifeplay the free demo and see if you feel the same
76561198008259826,Recommended,270150,12018336,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TheDog,"as a combat vet i can confirm this is an accurate depiction of war :P but seriously, great game for killing time. meant to play 5 minutes and hell its been over an hour. suggest this to anybody that enjoys good gameplay, good mechanics, and overall good times. no regret spending those 10 bucks"
76561198035443288,Recommended,270150,16540882,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SKENDERBEG,Sat on a rooftop and became the american sniper. 10/10 It's actually really fun
,Recommended,270150,16522359,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,toneo,"You'll die repeatedly until you realise the ""run in like it's call of duty"" tactic doesn't work.You have to hide behind cover, fire single shots for accuracy, suppress enemies with machine-gun fire.You'll struggle to take the objective on your own even if you do all that - you're not a hero, you're just a soldier with better accuracy than the AI.Play this with friendsfor maximum fun. You won't regret it."
76561197994165063,Recommended,270150,26026626,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,wooki,This is a game to come back to over and over again. It's one of my relaxation games. Highly recommended and I wish there was much more games like it.
76561197971809603,Recommended,270150,9987203,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Goredon,THIS IS WAR...Don't end as Cannon Fodder!!!So funny - so nice!Must have!
76561198043685721,Recommended,270150,13132766,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Atreides,"I noticed this game by coincidence. I found that in this game you actually do run around with a rifle, however choose wise where to run with your rifle. This because of a remarkable good reactive AI, which will require you to sometimes also sit still  or ly in ambush with said rifle :)Often, especially when the opposing forces have each other pinned down with countless bullets flying around, you will be firing your rifle almost constantly for many minutes, only pausing to reload...epic!Basically, it's like the old game ""Cannon Fodder"", but a bit more dynamic and with multiplayer coop. This game truly is a pleasant surprise."
,Recommended,270150,20500677,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ImpalaCommander,"Running With Rifles has me hooked! Remember when you were a kid and set up those huge battle scenes with the little plastic army men? Well those battles aren't just limited to your imagination anymore.PROS:Variety of maps with different landscapes, sizes, and objectives which flow together to form one giant world map.AI is phenominal. The AI runs the battle, issuing orders, calling for reinforcements and artillery strikes.Battles are large and intense consisting of ground troops, transport vehicles, boats, tanks and APCsTroops utilize military tactics well. (Using cover, flanking, using grenades)Large variety of weapons to choose from that are well balanced between all 3 factions.The freedom to follow the AI battle, or take a squad of men to take your own objectives, or do stealth missions to support your team.Ability to run squad of troops with intuitive command systemCONS:No real tutorial. The game just plops you in the world without telling you about all the amazing features it has.The top down view which extends in all directions can take a while to get used to. Can be difficult to see elevation.The uniform colors of the 3 factions can be difficult to discern at times. Particularly brown and grey.No health system. Instead each bullet has a certain percentage of chance to kill which varies by weapon.The battles in this game will suck you in, frustrate you as you come against fierce combatants and give you sheer joy when you finally come out the other side. The ebb and flow of battle is really captured as you can lose ground as quickly as you gained it. The health system is a bit bizarre and can lead to some frustrating moments where you clearly should have killed a guy with several rounds and he tags you instead. Overall, its pretty fair though.I highly recommend you read theManualwhich is located on the wiki before you hop on."
76561197999942187,Recommended,270150,9923263,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,valdezspazzo,"Lots of fun, ton of stuff to do and all the blood added on top of it makes the better, the comments the AI say is funny at some points, I would deff recommend this to friends."
,Recommended,270150,20748222,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Robo7988143,"Running with rifles is an awesome game, I gotta recommend this game to everybody. Especielly to people who are soldiers and going to a war!Pro's-A fudge-load of guns-OP Tanks-800 soldiers in one map-No lag, even with a overpopulation of players and AICons-Sometimes, AI gets stuck in wallsThis game is good for people who are soldiers. OR.. If people are bored, this game is excellent!"
,Recommended,270150,27461640,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,S8. Mellcor,"Great top down tactical shooter, active community and the dev's are still updating the game with the help of some modders in the community.death is only 1 bullet away and that applies to you as well as your enemy's. im really unsure what to wright about why i like RWR so much.... maby its te fact you dont have to be on the front line (yes it has stealth mechanics that work really well) maby its the fact that a game can go on for hours or be over in 10 mins depending on how you play or maby its the multiplayer battles with 26+ people playing in tanks while snipers are hideing on roof tops while you have a squad of people going to flank the enemy while your main force is stuck as a choke point... idki have to say this is 1 of 2 games that i recomend you try, at the start YOU WILL DIE allot, but as you get experience and learn how to use cover and that beng rambo will get you killed you will slowly die less, point being is you have to put some time into it to get something out of it, you cant judge this game on an hour of gameplay, ive got over 300 hours and im still learning new tactics :D"
76561198072598397,Recommended,270150,19798837,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rhombus,"If you're going to play, be prepared to invest time."
,Recommended,270150,23014508,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Nite (b^_^)b,You have to do a lot of grinding but very very fun and enjoyable
,Recommended,270150,13927279,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Rob Graham,Awesome game that is highly addictive! Dieing has never been so fun :)
76561198065792976,Recommended,270150,18479124,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Private Ha,"More than meets the eye, you will be surprised how hard it is. Multiplayer co-op is probably the most enjoyable part of the game as you co-ordinate with other players to take on the never-ending numbers. Expect high numbers of both kills and deaths, you won't be the only one."
76561198319625899,Recommended,270150,29515756,Posted: 26 January,all,Monkey Jack,for 8 or so bucks you cant go wrong. less than a movie ticket and so many more hours of fun. have a run with a rifle
76561198049837614,Recommended,270150,30776931,Posted: 27 March,all,King Big Joe,"This game is an absolute gem. I love the styles, the factions, the weapons, and the gameplay.The mods to this game are awesome--I can now play as a German machine gunner during the Great War in Campaign Mode--and the realism blended into the game is very well balanced. You don't survive for more than a few hits in combat, and grenades/arty kills instantly. However, the same rules apply to the AI, meaning you can slaughter dozens of them with a good sniping position.What I would love to see implemented in the game are A) a Scenario editor, where I can customize my own faction and make my own map, B) An alliance system, where you can fight alongside other factions and not just have it constantly be your team vs all other teams, and C) Aircraft and Expanded Artillery. Like there's paratroopers in the game and an airstrike, but I think it would be dope if you could fly a helicopter, pilot a small scout drone, or direct a drone strike. Having rocket artillery or howitzers you could crew would be beast too. I know there's a map with an island and aircraft carrier-it would be awesome if a helicopter or two could be piloted to the island. The addition of aircraft would of course introduce hand-held AA weapons, airstrikes against aircraft, etc, but that would just make the game more fun.Great game. If it goes on sale, grab it."
,Recommended,270150,15326569,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,//PVXUS,"Bridge Invasion Simulator 2016Is it bad that I shot the Surrenderers?________________________""It won't take seconds... It won't take minutes... It will take HOURS!"""
76561198105338006,Recommended,270150,17993699,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,I AM HUNGRY,Gave me PTSD
76561198010020885,Recommended,270150,9967478,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Soundspark,Best Toy soldier simulator ever!
76561197964036171,Recommended,270150,9483492,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,reborn,"Funnest game I have played in a long time and worth every penny. Best 10 dollars on a game I have ever spent and its not done yet and there will be a lot of user mod friendly. So good it's taking me away from Titanfall and Assetto Corsa. Buy it now, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,270150,9946237,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Foehammer,"OK, I just fired up this game for the first time and 2 hours later I'm taking a breath.  Very fun.  Easy to pick up.  A lot of freedom in huge open world battles.  It's like I'm playing with toy soldiers with AI and my little lives are short but they can matter.Weapons upgrades, grenades, I even got some knife kills on a tower in an enemy base.  That made me LOL.Easy to recommend this game, especially for the price and knowing that there's a lot more coming in the future for it,like Workshop."
,Recommended,270150,9539398,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,thrAsher,"Most fun I've had shooting things in a long time. AI is something to see, and the battles are tense. Play on Hard and bump up the enemy presence. Awesome stuff."
,Recommended,270150,9575992,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Milkshake,"If you enjoyed Cannon Fodder, you'll enjoy this. It's got such a nice pick-up-and-play vibe to it, with plenty of opportunity for a ""wow, I just did what?"" in a 20 minute lunchbreak :)"
76561198044210148,Recommended,270150,9933249,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dr. DickNose,"Very fun game, though it randomly crashes on my computer. I think thats just because of my computer though. I love it!"
76561198046712350,Recommended,270150,9495693,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Soulfathom,"I love this game and think anyone should get it if you want a crazy game without so much bs. I will say on top of that though the game is lagy at times, even more so when you go into another teams base. Still though get the game its great im sure a patch will be made soon."
76561198013161786,Recommended,270150,9494466,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Shroomie,"OMG GRENADE!This game is amazing. Regardless of your gaming background, be it Call of Duty, TF2, Battlefield, or even driving games and the like, this game will suit you. It is, without a doubt, a must buy10/10"
76561198020734873,Recommended,270150,9500532,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,luck_duck,Very nice game :)
,Recommended,270150,9871981,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,The Grey,Probably the most fun I have had in a Top Down Shooter since the Original Cannon Fodder games...BRILLIANT!!! A must buy for all gamers!
,Recommended,270150,9513415,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,FINN_Soldat,"how about to reduce a zone of visibility of player and AI? for example, in real life you can't see your enemy if he goes behind a fence or a house? but in the game you can.how about some ""realistic mod"" with this feature? :)(also the rain or fog may affect it. and if you have a radiostation in your inventory, you can see all what your teammates saw).and personal question for dear developers :)why so bad accuracy of machineguns and sniper rifles?in real life, LMG and machine guns exceed assault rifles in accuracy class, because of more heavy and long barrel.also i'm very sad, when I saw an accuracy of sniper rifles, and thats why they are useless, I think.please, improve the accuracy of this type of weapons. :)P.S. GUYS, SORRY FOR MY ENGLISH.."
,Recommended,270150,9538818,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,"Welcome to the next 3 days of your life.Even though it's an early access game it's extremely playable, has great performance in both singleplayer and multiplayer (on my 2007 CPU even), and an amazing community to back it up (did I mention modding support?).It's best described as a modern remake of the game Army Men (The 1998 version, which was the highest rated of the series). In that sense it took pre-existing gameplay mechanics, made it more fluid, gave it better AI (and a hell of a lot more of them! - note that the driver AI is currently terrible, but most of the time players ""pull rank"" and take the driver's seat anyways), and added an online co-op/versus experience with support for so many players that it'll blow your mind.There's a pretty good assortment of maps already and with modding i'm sure there will be even more. That brings me into the last point, currently the modding support isn't very well documented but looking at the files you can see that it's great the type of stuff you can do, from modifying ranks, textures, weapons, models, maps, and even HUD elements (by changing the textures) over the default there's really a lot of options open to you."
,Recommended,270150,23004553,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,BacerTheBarbarian,"The strange love child of Battlefield,Army Men and Cannon Fodder,that about sums it up.Lead a small squad with point and click simplicity,or try and be sneaky off on your own.One bullet can kill you,so yeah, a tank you are not, by the way, tanks are actually something you will learn to fear.....as they should be.You gain rp to buy stuff by killing the enemy and by things like looting items.""YES!!!! THATS A DIRTY GIRLIE MAGAZINE ON THE GROUND NEXT TO A PACK OF GUM!!!"" you will say seconds before being splattered by the 10 guys in plain sight you didnt notice...somehow ""OHH, SHINEY!!!!""*BANG!BANG!* ""SON OF A.....!!!""The AI is awesome, hard, without mercy,almost like it's an unfeeling machine....It is really nice anymore to find a game that has bots,and great ones at that.Online is fun and all,but sometimes you just wanna play without the usual toxic nature of being around other humans.Quick play match is my favorite mode, so far spent over 2 hours on just one match, ""quick"" may be a wrong term for it. Very nice you can save it,very thoughtful.If you want arcadey style,top down action,with simple goals,and lots of bullets I recomend this one,very happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,270150,10053727,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Daros,This game is a pure PTSD simulator.I can highly recommend it. 8/10
,Recommended,270150,9500174,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,deltajet2k,This is one of the most fun games i have ever played. You are just a simple soldier on a gigantic theater of war and are thrown into the chaos as just another meat shield. The idea and looks of the game are pretty simple and this is probably why it is such a great game. Easy to learn but difficult to master this game is for everyone who enjoys strategy and shooters. The game is currently early access and will soon be officially released. It has almost no bugs that i've seen and future updates will bring great new features to this game that will make it even more amazing. Best 10 bucks that i've ever spent!
,Recommended,270150,14155632,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Grumble,"Wanna be Rambo? Too bad soldier, your job is to soak up those bullets! Now get out there and take a few to the face!Oh, you think your gonna run over there, take out that squad, huh?!  You seem to have forgotten what I told you...BULLET SPONGE!!! Now get out there and take a few to the face!Oh ho ho, we got ourselves a commando here do we? You gonna just sneak in? Gonna ninja some poor Green? Oh ho ho, looky there...YOU! forgot you were a bullet sponge didn't you?Now get out there and take a few to the face!"
76561198047143384,Recommended,270150,15177868,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ENCR0ACHER,"Pleased and honored to have bought this game in Early Access.This game is Battlefield (a good one) Tabletop from top down 3/4. And it's AWESOME! Wether your thing is PvE or PvP, you're going to have fun. Some matches can last hours. Pushing and pulling the front lines trying to take an objective... good times.Worth your money.Worth support of this Team.See you on the Battlefield sometime. o7 We'll run... with our rifles!"
,Recommended,270150,10022392,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Wafflemoe101,"Its a great game with alot of potential in it.I love the idea,the game also has more potential so let that potential roar! 9/10-Basalbigfoot19"
76561198185652438,Recommended,270150,21307283,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,james5734,"Running With Rifles is a truely emotional expierience.Watch in horror as your wounded friends come begging for help,you can offer none,you then see a commando run up to him and slit his throat.Watch your grand progress on a point,only to see morator strikes and tanks ruin it all.Realized you just rage uninstalled the game only to come back to and continue the circle of life and death. This is running with rifles emotion simulator"
,Recommended,270150,23011259,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,coolmanholt ~DEAF~,>start game>cool! I am this tiny guy!>Wow. A lot of tiny people are shooting around!>Dying>Dying>Enough!>Went rambo and killed 30 soldiers in a spot!>Dying>Dying>Barely captured the post... and won the match!>Looks at the hours I played.. Jeez.. I got really hooked into this game..Would die a lot to win a match again as a tiny man. My rating - 10000/.1
,Recommended,270150,18518363,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Meadrick,"Really nice game, great when playing with mate's"
,Recommended,270150,20897614,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Cyberholn,"((I recommend this game based solely on online Multiplayer, as I have never played the campaign))Pros+ Leveling System (The higher your rank, the more items you have access to)+ Combat/Stealth (Be a soldier on the front line, or go behind the enemy lines to destroy key enemy buildings/supplies)+ Community (Over-all good community, you won't see much in terms of TK's or bad sportsmanship, most the time they will go out of their way to help you understand what you need to do, if you ask)+ Guns (The need to search for items to be able to afford weapons in the armory, and to find rare items unavailable in the armory is enjoyable. Become a hoarder of items you may never actually use.)Cons- Desyncing is a big problem, and seemingly random. One moment the game will run fine, the next you are stuck in place. (Do note that the game doesn't seem to have much in terms of desync on some days/ the start of the week, but as a week moves on the time between desyncs decreases, causing desyncs to occur continuously.)- Enemy Health/Damage (Some enemies seem to be somewhat invincible at times, either that or they bug out and stay in place, could relate to desync.)- Accuracy (Accuracy in this game is based solely on sliders, meaning skill alone will not suffice, you have to hope the odds are in your favor.)Overall a great little game, if of course you enjoy multiplayer. Worth the price and worth the time."
,Recommended,270150,20991646,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Waifusforlaifu,"Hard one to cover. Ton to learn. Don't get this game if you're not going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to learn hot keys, game mechanics and have an overall patience towards it while looking at what all it teaches you and learning how to use it to the best of your abilities. I do not believe this game hold your hand, experiment with it. That said, once you do get the hang of it, RUNNING WITH RIFLES is an outstanding ""twin-stick shooter"" with amazing mechanics. Bewary of the RTS elements like upgrades, base building, management and the sort if that type of thing isn't for you, like if you just want to junp into the action. For those of you that can enjoy the finer things. RUNNING WITH RIFLES is one of a kind with many wonderful elements. Be wary of the time needed to put into it and what to learn but that goes with all games with depth."
,Recommended,270150,20134697,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[ZSU] ±Knifey12,Such a great game...You are just a random soldier thrown into war and expected to gain a foothold in a continent with little to none life expectancy.10/10 would die again
76561198170408965,Recommended,270150,20431895,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Space Wesus,This Game is Amazing but it needs more people for multiplayer...................so buy it.......
,Recommended,270150,20104777,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bobby,This game is one of the games that I just won't forget. It is a pure masterpiece.
76561198073863569,Recommended,270150,20555180,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,WHY!!!!!,UNLIMITED AMMO!!!!!! So realistic10/10 would enlist for the military and have UNLIMITED AMMO
76561198158440080,Recommended,270150,20651715,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Officer_Verwey,"Lets look at some of the pros and cons of this masterpiecePros:-Bullets can knock you down in 1 shot, just like the real world-Battles can take anywhere from 15 minutes to a couple hours to complete-Snow can go from vanilla white, to blood red in a matter of minutes-You actually have to think tactically-Large gun selection, if you take 5 enemy guns of the same type (e.g. 5 AK-47's) you unlock that weapon for your faction-Tanks and vehicles can really change how the game is played-Multiple maps-AI arent as dumb as you think, they actually call mortar strikes on you-Low system requirements, decent graphicsNow that all the pros are done lets see theCons:-Can get frustrating if you end up in a stalemate that lasts 6 hoursOverall this game is great. For $16 I would really recommend it. Worth every penny10/10"
,Recommended,270150,25677862,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Thomas Bazzo,"Briefly, RWR mechanics are amazing. It really feels like you are no hero in the battlefield. You're just another one. Great for top-down lovers, especially because it's not just 'running with rifles'. You gotta know what you're doing, otherwise you'll certainly die more than kill."
76561198153653308,Recommended,270150,26741466,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,A(F)K GOD,this game is the best if you want a hectic messy shootin spree kind of gameRwR is super messy but theres fun in itgets boring very fast if you dont play with your friends and theres not that many maps to cjoose from
,Recommended,270150,16834072,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Butthole_Bandit,"Surprisingly fun, I went in with low expectations and I wasn't disappointed. Battles can last hours and get pretty intense. Single Player and Coop are both pretty good. Would rate a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,270150,16974267,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hinsvar,"Ah, this game. At first this game may look like your casual shooter, but once you hop in and actually play the game, be prepared to be frustrated by deaths after deaths, desperately try to stay alive while praying that the next bullet that hits you won't kill you (or at least gets absorbed by the vest you're wearing, if you have enough RP to afford it).I personally am still trying to beat the very last battle of the campaign set to the default Hard difficulty, and I have to admit, even after multiple failures, I still find it fun to try winning it anyway. I can't really explain why, unfortunately, but it doesn't detract from the fact that at least it's fun for me.The multiplayer servers might be kinda empty as of now, but I believe that's just because RWR is still relatively unknown to the gaming world. I think it's just a matter of time (and maybe effort to promote the game) before RWR has a big community of players and crowded multiplayer games.All in all, RWR is quite the unique experience compared to other shooter games, and I enjoyed the hours I put into this game. If you're a fan of top-down shooter games and want to try something different, give this a chance."
76561198204696732,Recommended,270150,16633170,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PrayAwayMyGay,"awesome and realistic,all i have to sya about it.in real war,u can spend a month battling 4 a street,in RWR u have that 2,and in the end,u can just drive/walk across the streets,literally, painted red by the blood of the enemy,friendly,and u"
,Recommended,270150,16637627,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Deputy Tootle,"It's hard to describe why this game is epic, You are running around with guns and using ultimate ""tactics"" to beat the enemy. But really what you do is that you must plan your next move and you must plan it carefully or else you and your squad will die.You might think who cares what happens to your squad, They talk to eachother, just a couple of hours ago one soldier said to the other ""Hey, I love you man"". This was seconds before we preformed a suicide move to take a point. It really was a hard hit to take.In my short 4 hours of gameplay i've felt like a soldier fighting and trying to make it another day. If you love mil sims and you have a crappy computer, get this epic game!"
76561198073975642,Recommended,270150,16506671,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Finnster1012,this game provides hours of fun and tactics
76561198057772005,Recommended,270150,16855235,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Deimos,"Very hard, but very fun when I got the hand of it."
76561198096139497,Recommended,270150,16888876,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,racco the baco,"Awesome game, can't wait to see what the developers continue with"
76561198093532672,Recommended,270150,15060665,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,tommygun999,"Unexpectedly fun and addictive! AI is smart and interesting to play with, it reacts well to both your actions and actions of your AI buddies; if it is too easy or too difficult for you to play — you can totally tailor AI settings to suit your needs. The game is designed with modding abilities in mind, so it won't get boring — lots of weapons, custom textures, maps and who knows what is to be expected after the end of beta-testing (which is after 2nd of April, according to game's news).I totally recommend this game. Tons of fun guaranteed, worth every single penny."
76561198096246925,Recommended,270150,15057370,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Dancing_Llama,This is quite possibly the best top down shooter ever. Stop thinking just get it
,Recommended,270150,10069862,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Prince of Eros,"I wont lie, at first glance I thought this was a little casual port of an iPad game or something.  Thankfully, my curiosity once again won out and I checked the game up on youtube...and by the gods, I am so glad I did.The game is something I really love in a game about conflict--giving you the perspective of a single soldier in a battlefield that treats you as if you are disposable.  You are meat, cannon fodder...but you will have a chance to rise to greatness.Its a difficult game but once you get the basics down, you're going to want to keep going, to keep pushing.  I have never played a war themed game where ""Rank"" actually means something; it is both your access to bigger, better things and a badge of honor, a monument dedicated to the blood, sweat and guts you spilled to get where you are.Seriously, buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game.  It looks so damn silly, but few games get me as enthralled as this game has."
,Recommended,270150,25339140,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Copiernic,It's like a mini battlefield! There is not much multiplayers servers. Some coop multiplayer servers are there tough and they're fun! The game is really simple. I recommend listening to a tutorial on youtube first and then you are good to go!
,Recommended,270150,12240969,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ｎｏｓｓｓｔｒｉｌｓ,"I was pretty suprised about the game, its epicness is something experience. As you run down a street you soldiers bleeding out, dying a horrible death or a constant flux of soldiers from both faction it gives you a sense of how insignificant you actually are. Best $10 spent so far.Cannon fodder and execution simulator 2014 10/10."
76561198055134524,Recommended,270150,23100479,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[EFFvM] Tankiebubble,">Starts up game>Plays as Greenbelts (basically America)>D'aww, look at those cute little Marines!>Spots vehicle>Before I even had time react, vehicle was taken>Gets told to buzz off>Runs with rifle instead>Dies>Respawns>OMG GRENADE!>Dies>Etc.I think I'm in love with this game. It's unforgiving, but so satisfying because it actually makes you feel like you're a part of an army instead of some Blandy McBlandface super soldier protagonist.Top Down Battlefield/10 would play again."
,Recommended,270150,15334271,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),Do You like Top down view games ? Do You like BattleField ? Do You want to have fun ? If yes then this Game is for You :D
,Recommended,270150,32260184,Posted: 7 June,all,Cody712,"This game is really fun so far, playing co op with a friend is even better. The infantry mod makes the game better too."
76561198158033671,Recommended,270150,20727335,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,73VEN  (ง •_•)ง,"Best tactical, bird view shooter..lots of fun if people online would actually cooperate."
76561198048630964,Recommended,270150,26463683,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Devilock,Top-Down tactical multiplayer shooter? I dig
,Recommended,270150,12032641,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ket,yes
,Recommended,270150,15372019,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,MOK,"Excellent tactical combat potential.  If you're a fan of the Brothers In Arms series, it will probably scratch that itch.  The game is simple, skill-based, potentially very challenging, and fun.  It's easily worth the $15.My hope is that future patches, DLC, or expansions will expand on this solid baseline.   In-depth squad control and a smarter AI for the squad would be very welcome.   At present, your squad doesn't accomplish much, unfortunately.  But it doesn't detract from the core experience.Tomorrow I'll be trying out multiplayer...  I've heard nothing but good things, there."
76561198103270336,Recommended,270150,9463422,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Hitailz,"great game,"
,Recommended,270150,10518551,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,"""Chuck Finley is Forever Baby""","watching some AI banter I decided to write a review, this is from the front lines lol I'm like a warcor... guy says "" I think im getting a promotion soon."" other guy says ""just dont get killed before that."" guy says back ""you are such a great guy..."" moments later an enemy tank rolles across our front line. I fire a shot taking out the mounted gunner, but not before he cuts down a few soldiers, then the tank fires a few random rounds in haist trying to avoid incoming rockets... both AI chatter boxes eat the first round throwing there bodys and some blood across the battle field. This unscripted moment brought to you by RUNNING WITH RIFLES."
,Recommended,270150,9664015,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MoshedZ,"The REAL war game. You are a grunt,not Rambo or the Hero,but a regular grunt,and you are going to war,alongside other grunts. You rank up,but never really become a hero. You fight and die alongside other soldiers and officers in this top-down open world shooter. Very good early access,has great potential,and looking forward to full release/future updates.10/10"
76561198098726153,Recommended,270150,24605673,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Chapatti,"Severely underrated gem of a game, I reccomend trying it out. Definitely worth full price!"
76561198157539567,Recommended,270150,30068203,Posted: 20 February,all,Plasma Hund,"In Running With Rifles, it puts you in a battlefield, you are just a common soldier joined in battle with thousands of your friends. I highly reccomend this game as it is very tactical, you don't just run and gun like you do in most fps games, this game makes you think about your decisions on how you will fight, support the other wounded soldiers as a medic, go in heavy and cover your mate's advance with a spray of bullets, or why not get a ghillie suit and backdoor a base? This game will have you sitting at it for hours and hours, and it gives you a serious challenge at first, but eventually you get used to it and enjoy it a lot more, there are even pvp and co-op multiplayer servers you can play on if you get bored of singleplayer (which i highly doubt you will) and join other players in various gamemodes. Even workshop is available for this game, you can get mods to change some mechanics or even an overhaul of the game's graphics and guns. I highly reccomend this game to anyone and it has still got me playing it now and then for a couple hours at a time."
,Recommended,270150,22982555,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,TheDukePro787,"Really damn fun, it's great."
76561198000882019,Recommended,270150,26606856,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TEKNØ,"This game is amazing! It has such depth and style, and is super fun. Props to the dev for the novel gameplay, stellar AI, massive maps and well balanced game flow!"
,Recommended,270150,9772544,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Vitharr,"An awesome game. Been waiting for it to be greenlit for some time, now. Glad to finally see it happen, and I highly recommend grabbing it!"
,Recommended,270150,16536528,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Air Knight,"fun game, will play again 10/10 - taliban"
,Recommended,270150,31614710,Posted: 7 May,all,Chicken,"This game is super fun, and is good for when I have nothing else to do. But a little pricy for what it is right now. Still overall, I would recommend it. Keep up the good work developers!"
76561198047364141,Recommended,270150,29806114,Posted: 9 February,all,5el-9,"One of the most underrated games ever, it deserves so much more attention. It's possibly the best top-down shooter I've every played. I'd describe it as a mashup of GTA Chinatown Wars and Battlefield. The vanilla game itself has a very high replay value, and on top of that you've got workshop content giving you a complete rework of the game with custom campaigns, maps, vehicles, skins and whatnot. There're campaigns out there set in the two World Wars, Zombie Invasions, XCOM, Mass Effect just to name a few. If you like top-downs, you simply can't go wrong with this one.Now to clear up a few misconceptions about this game.- MP is Dead : I do accept that PvP is dead, but Co-op is very much alive and kicking. You'll be guaranteed to find people throughout the day on official servers itself. And co-op works beautifully in this.- Game's kiddish and easy : Hell no, don't let those simple graphics fool you. Trust me, there's a lot of depth and teamplay involved. And the AI is tough as nails (if you set the difficulty accordingly).And yeah, the game's artstyle is ♥♥♥♥in' amazing, always a delightful to even sit back and simply watch the troops in action. Hats off to the devs, this game's really a work of art.The only real flaw I could find in the game was it's tutorial, it's projected as an interactive find-it-yourself type of tutorial, but it's still kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥if you ask me as you can't intuitively figure out anything from it. It's just plain poor tutorial design that is shoved in as a gimmick.If you still aren't convinced, go check out the demo. That's what convinced me, I played the godammed demo for 5 hours! :)Thanks for reading,Sel."
76561197971316077,Recommended,270150,15186687,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,White,"A hidden gem, that's great for starting up to kill a few hours, and so far seems pretty damn fun with the SP mode, and multiplayer just adds to that fun.So yeah, recommending this game, it got a nice price-tag to it, so it's not exactly costly either."
,Recommended,270150,24358353,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TheLukrie,"I think after playing 80+ hours, I can write a review of the game.Took me over 5 hours to complete one battle...In this time I......roadkilled my own man because they ran in front of me....wanted to sneak into the enemy base to make a surprise attack... got roadkilled by my own team before I got there....called in an Airstrike... only for it to come to late and murder dozends of my own soldiers....tried to collect the enemies weapons for the achievment... to get killed 2 meters in front of the armory.10/10 Would get roadkilled by my own team again!"
76561197998784855,Recommended,270150,21722333,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ShMo,"Below is a retelling of one of my favorite moments in Running With Rifles.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Friendly player goes into bleedout beside his humveeHe's got 30 seconds to liveI sneak in, see him bleeding out surrounded by 10 enemiesSome time's passed, he might actually have 10 seconds to liveA medkit is on the floor surrounded by said enemiesI'm armed with a silenced MP5 and it's not meant for an entrenched group this sizeI tell him, ""hjang in""He goes, ""lol""I set to my practiced gunplay, only firing two rounds at a timeEnemy AI retreats to coverThey can't see me in my ghillie suitI fire at enemy reinforcementsExposed and standing, they die quicklyOther enemies emerge from coverI put them down quicklyI lost track of time, felt like 15 seconds - not goodFinally cleared all enemies in sightMade a mad dash for the nearest medkit, pressed 'F' to swap my sandbags for itHe goes, ""lol holy♥♥♥♥♥♥man""""ikr""Scanned the area for new hostilesNobodyRushed to friendly player, he's probably going to die on meHeld the mouse button down on him for 3 precious seconds, fingers crossed that he livesI revive himMore enemy reinforcements arriveWe are spottedI escape to a raised areaHe replaces his broken vestHe tries to take cover to reload his Desert EagleHe is quickly brought down again -and finished off by enemies this time :(I'm hopelessly surrounded by 6 more enemies on all sides without any cover or those sandbagsA break - some unexpected friendly reinforcementsThey secure their areaI make the connection that their loud gunfire drew enemies behind meNot fast enough - I was shot and killed in actionThe reinforcements - actually two poorly-positioned AI grunts - are killed shortly thereafterWe rejoiced in my valiant efforts""i felt like a badass right there""He goes, ""lol smoking ♥♥♥♥ers left n right""~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Running With Rifles never gets old, not with moments like this."
,Recommended,270150,10002523,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Dirty Doug,LOOK AT THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME LOL WOW ITS JUST WHAT IVE ALWAYS WANTED
76561198255158744,Recommended,270150,23573502,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,CDTTDC,"this game is very fun to play by yourself or online with strangers or freinds. There are many maps with varying weathers from deserts to winter wood. you can play as 3 diffrent factions the green belts ,the gray collars and brown pants each with thier diffrent weapons which you can capture for your own use.The gameplay is full of death you will die many MANY times in all maps. depending on where you start you can have an advantage or disadvantage to the enemys you face. there are 2 modes one is capture all of the bases to win and one is to hold one base for a certain amount of time when you win all enemys will surrender and wont kill you (but you can still kill them) when in single player you can explore the map to find everything you want but on multiplayer a timer appears before you go to the next map.At the start of the games you play you will be a private and will rank up when you become a corpral you will get a basic radio and be able to call in air strikes and as you level up you get access to more options and bigger squads you will be able to call in things like tanks to buggys to reinforcements.now when you take out all of a factions controlled areas you will gain access to THE FINAL MISSION 1 this is a stealth mission WHERE YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON ON YOUR TEAM now this isnt too bad as long as you use a silenced pistol or other weapon its fine however it is very VERY annoying when  you are next to one of the towers ( you have to destroy these to do the map) thats is on the other side of the map get spotted for a second and die then have to run from one side of the map to the other.but its not too hard but the second FINAL MISSION is annoying i have been stuck there for about 2 weeks now becasue theres a problem with AI in my opinion doesnt move forward enough when there are no enemys so I'm stuck there and i cant use the radio becasue theres a tower but its defended by a castle and the enemys hold it soo well that i cant do anything.I have now been playing the game for 27 hours and most of that is the FINAL MISSION II in that bloody mission you have to defend for 10 mins and then supposedly they back off and they do but not enough for me to get into the castle to get to the radio tower so i can radio in airstrikes ive only been able to get the tower to 95% health and thats thanks to a mortar thats outside the castle ... and then 10 enemys got me when there were like 3 of my allies. also i feel like if any one dies its the player if you get shot at in your platoon and your all out in the open then you will most likely die and in that mssion theres a APC that the enemys own i captured it and hid it round the back so that it wouldnt respawn ... and my god damn allies got in it and got it blown up so i cant stop it from respawning and if i leave the battle for 1 second then the enemys instantly get into the base and nearly take it. and when i need my allies to defend me they are never there and when they are there they just sit back and do nothing.now dont let you deter you from this game it is very fun to play its just dont expect the final missions to be like everything else its not exactly fun but everything else is very fun.However apart from the final missions this game is really fun just understand that this is a game where YOU WILL DIE A LOT"
76561198088672701,Recommended,270150,15208274,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Protodip,"Um... wow. I've never played a top-down shooter this fun. I was pleased by the open-worldness of the game, and is a blast playing solo, coop, or multiplayer. Oh, and you'll die a whole lot unless you actually keep your head low and use tactics."
76561198127568199,Recommended,270150,9964653,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Disapproval,i remember playing this game when it first came out back in the alpha stages its a very unique game almost feels a little likestarwars battlefront in the way that your always one soldier in a huge overall battle i deffinently reccomend this game to everyone
76561197976018878,Recommended,270150,9577358,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Vill@n,"cool old school tactical arcarde shooter gone mmo styles..  simple but lots of fun with strategic depht..  auzzie servers, just need more player support!"
,Recommended,270150,9656881,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Levity,"Online co-op campaign is mayhem.Huge maps/small maps, grenade launchers/snipers/rocket launchers, artillery strikes/paratroopers, deployable machineguns/cover, boats/tanks/apcs/jeeps. Level up your character, unlock new weapons/vehicles, be able to command a squad. Choose to attack/defend bases. Huge battles. A server with persistant stats. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, and surprisingly strategic.If you like top-down shooters, buy it."
,Recommended,270150,9727086,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,The Lost Sentinel,"Don't be fooled. The title implies you can run around with a rifle like an arcade shooter. It's actually quite different! RWR (Running With Rifles) will give you the feeling that you really are a tiny soldier in a big war. You aren't rambo, but rather a team player (even with your AI brethren). The game is very tactical in that with your teammates, you need to figure out and flush out enemy soldiers to achieve objectives together. I was very pleasantly surprised when I found the level of depth of the game itself. Cover matters. Your stance matters. Position matters. Teamwork matters. The game is stupidly addictive, with me only planning on playing for about 20 minutes or so, ended up being 2 hours. I can only recommend that you pick it up, because it's well worth it. I was impressed with the AI, as it is actually rather smart and knows how to counter your movements and tactics. If anything, I'm psyched that the developer says the AI isn't finished yet, and more is going to be planned!If you're a thinker, I recommend this game wholeheartedly."
76561197999668041,Recommended,270150,9554137,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[VI] Thor Banewolf AKA Saxon,SOOO much fun! :D
76561198105670336,Recommended,270150,9747545,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,BrotherBukowski,"That moment when you realize you're outnumbered, outgunned, and they are starting to roll in tanks and APCs.Running for your life in a hellfire storm of munitions has never, ever, been so goddamn fun."
,Recommended,270150,9581809,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Kotomata,"This game is a good and simple game about war.However, this isnt any CoD or Battlefied, this is basically plastic soldiers representing real war.You die in 1 - 3 hits, and so do your enemies.You can have your entire squad survive, or be the last survivor.Haven't tried the MP yet, but its probably extremely good."
,Recommended,270150,9610311,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,The Fitness Gram Pacer Test,"Very Very Entertaining Game. Strategy is key to this game. If you enjoy the games like Call Of Duty, and other shooters like that, this MAY not be the game for you. There are only 3 factions The GreenBelts, The BrownPants, and The GrayCollars. The AI is very smart they will attempt to flank you, attack in very large numbers, even play defense if you try to sneak attack one of there off bases. There is only one flaw to the AI that I see and its there pathfinding when in a vehicle. The only thing annoying about the AI is they will only attack the Main Objective and never go after Side Objectives. Enough about the AI let me tell you about the leveling up system. Your rank depends upon your Experience. To gain Experience you must either kill enemies (higher ranking kills means more XP), or Take Objectives or Bases, You lose XP by Getting Killed. The Higher Your rank the more things you can acquire (Artillery Strikes, Paratroopers, and even Vehicular Transport). Overall Great Game. Highly Recommended. 10/10."
,Recommended,270150,9881308,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Zaro,Best game in enternity.
,Recommended,270150,9965846,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,jasbounds,"Oh all I can say after just an hour on this game is ""What Damn Fun"", It's Arma but from a different point of view and ""I'm loving it"", best £6.99 I've ever spent, if you like playing soldiers then this is the game for you, if you like running around with a big machine gun, then this game is for you, if you like to just enjoy a game for what it is, then again, Running With Rifles is for you, gets a full 10/10 from me :)"
,Recommended,270150,9594450,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Dr. Feelgood,Like a perfect cross between SOLDAT and Battlefield + Fantastic Dev. support in the Steam Forums. This is what an Early Access game should be like.Looking very much forward to spending countless more hours with mates playing this gem!!10/10 would forget Vest at Armory again.
,Recommended,270150,9983156,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,edog1234567,"So I'm only an hour in and I love it.  It reminds me of the old army man games with a twist.  Although this game is HEAVILY MULTIPLAYER be prepared to lose if you play by yourself.  Also I love how you have to rank up to unlock different items that you can pick up and the radio.  Also the sayings for cancelling out the radio are pretty funny ""NVM OVER"" is one.  I highly recommend this game whether to play with random people or with friends."
,Recommended,270150,22257662,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,mcsimeon,Running awesomenesspros-basically endless gameplay-great multiplayer (coop and pvp)-doesn't lag-ping is awesomely low-tacticscons-you have to keep vsync on to prevent screen tearing
,Recommended,270150,15165507,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Allo,"Definitely worth your money.  Buy it now!People in multiplayer are surprisingly good teamplayers. :DOne of my favorite things about the game is the health/damage system-There is none. Rather each bullet has a chance to kill based off a whole of 1, ie the M16A3 has a 0.50 chance to kill.However vests will give you extra ""lives"".The ranking system is also good- You can level up- but you can also level down.The capture system is quite innovative, each territory is captured not by standing near a flag but rather having 2/3 of the total units in the area.PvP is rising, as the release is out!Do remember- there are grouches here and there and also the game is easy to understand- Hard to master.WAAAYYY TOO LATEEE EDIT: The game has a DEMO. That's right, a DEMO. You forgot the word? D-E-M-O. DE-MO.Play it before you buy the game. If you enjoy it, you'll enjoy the full game 1000x more.If you don't, you might still enjoy the game but atleast you know what it's like."
,Recommended,270150,26721345,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ApesUpt,"Really fun game, i like the dynamic campaign. The multiplayer is spotty, sometimes a lot of people are playing, sometimes none, but its fun. If this game is on sale i would def buy it, but if it aint then do your research first. Its not for everybody."
,Recommended,270150,9972958,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,nohjj,STIMULATING
,Recommended,270150,21138973,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Inquisitor Marcus Thol,"Five minutes into the second battle of the campaign, and I launch an attack and annhilate the futile defenders of a trench line.Then they came. And we killed them. More of them came, and we killed them too.Then more of them came this time with tanks, and we killed those too.Now, somewhere in there, one of my men took a explosive something or other to the face, wiping him and two others out.Still they came, and still we killed them.Two hours later, it was dinner time. I saved and shut down the computer and ate dinner.I ate dinner and resumed the slaughter.Three hours later, after slaughtering the better part of three divisions of men, I gave up in frustration.I was still in the same goat hole trench.Victoria's Cross Simulator 201510/10Would hold the line again."
76561198075539782,Recommended,270150,21633182,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,King Frog,"I recommend this game to anyone who likes to relax and just shoot. Very good game with abilities to rank up and have soldiers follow. You die easily, so it is very realistic."
76561198060438937,Recommended,270150,21164800,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,=★=pghogan,if you want to be playing a game and have an erection lasting more then 5 hours then this is the game for you
,Recommended,270150,23011426,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,touchportal,"Unlike the common shooter games out there, this game makes you feel like you are part of a larger group. Although you feel your actions mean nothing, as long as you continue to listen to the commanders and those highly ranked, you would easily take large amounts of ground and win.Since you are part of a large group, you don't really have the time or space to target one person in particular, which makes the game extremely fair.I'd give this game a 7.8/10 as the concept is great."
76561198095876572,Recommended,270150,23021217,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,GhostAssassin,"great game, could do with a little more mod support and to make it easier to mod (although you can mode the game if you know what to do) alot more fun on multiplayer servers than single player. it can seem a random top down shooter at first but there actually is some depth to the game like ranking, territory capturing, teamwork, becomeing a leader of a squad, basic loadouts etc."
76561198034989056,Recommended,270150,21355350,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,scammer,"worth to buy , soft - fun  FPS + RTS game , massive battle with another people and u also have your own AI soldier !"
,Recommended,270150,20517157,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,F I T C H Y,"Bought the game off the Steam Winter Sale... The game was like 75% off so I figured i would play this game only for like a quick 5 mins sooner or later to pass by some time... Finally ended up trying it for the first time almost a month later and havent stopped playing this damn game since!Love this game! Single player, or Online Co-op!Still have yet to play a PvP game due to lack of people playing this game, but this game is worth every penny still!"
76561198114924768,Recommended,270150,21485131,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Krenkelm,A very fun military top down shooter that uses a realistic damage system and weapon system that makes you no better than the AI grunts you are fighting with or against. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,270150,21706139,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SSeveride,"Great sky view shooter. You control a soldier on a large battlefield and fight over different zones. Each faction start with a zone. Fight in singleplayer,Co-op or multiplayer."
,Recommended,270150,23004842,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[NSPG]MegaSP,Grand-scale shooter with loads of fun. Prepare to die a lot!
,Recommended,270150,20440546,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,KyeOstby,"Absolutely excellent game. Simple, yet incredibly addicting. Definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,270150,20596990,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,doubleqHY?,"This game is enjoyable. Anyone who says different may not enjoy:A. Shooting the those with BrownpantsB. Banter Among A.I. SoldiersC. Fight for Two Hours (real-time) attempting to capture an enemy Cargo Truck on a small tropical Island. Return it to the Armory to unlock.......................................the FAMAS. 10/10 would never use a French Burst Weapon Again.But for real though, this game is suprisingly entertaining. Absolutely worth the 15$ dollars they ask. Plus, devs say that they are adding workshop."
,Recommended,270150,21479392,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rolen47,The only game on Steam where you can type in ALL CAPS and not annoy anyone.
,Recommended,270150,23013222,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Echo,"10/10 it was okBut in all seriousness, I loved this game, I sold it because im stupid but on the demo i've played hours. Great game."
,Recommended,270150,23093689,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tenz¡n,"I think it is time that I pay my respect to this game.For almost forever I have wanted to play a game where I am on the field as a soldier, yet I am able to make tactical decisions changing what the AI focuses on, and RUNNING WITH RIFLES has given me almost exactly that.In my library this is my second most played game and with good reason. The gameplay is good, the graphics are clean, and the controls well thought out.First of all the gameplay and AI are something that you will see in the reviews of this game a lot as they really are special and unique. The game is top down at an angle so 3D elements are visible creating an interesting tactical view allowing the player to analyze situations and choose where to move and what to do. Secondly, the cover mechanic in the game is well planned out and doesn't allow players to play like the ""heroes"" they normally play as in call of duty because they will die. Accuracy is another thing as it adds another tactical layer to gaming as shooting while running is very ineffective when compared to crouching giving the positioning of the player (crouching, standing, or prone) great importance. In RWR, there is no hitpoint system, instead there is a chance for each bullet to kill depending on the weapon (although one could consider the vests which absorb a few ""kill bullets"" as hitpoints) meaning that everything needs to be tactical with the risks understood. Based upon all of that, objectives are given out by the commander AI and a set distribution of AI are sent there to try and capture zones. The player can get a set amount of AI in their squad if they have a high enough rank and can control and set movement objectives for these AI in order to help push the objective or take down buildings that reduce the enemies capabilites. The stealth mechanic is really fun and it feels really rewarding once you finally run away and detonate the C4 to destroy an objective.Moreover, the AI in the game have amazing discipline. They find cover, dive a away from grenades, and will punish you for making bad decisions. It is great as they fight in a tactical way that players should learn from.Also, the gameplay works well in multiplayer, where players can either work together in co-op versus the AI in dominance mode, or to fight against each other in a vs mode. I had a great time where I joined a squad and took down buildings behind enemy lines.Vehicles are another part of the game, that when used properly can turn the tide of battle. Vehicles are powerful but can be shredded apart easily by well coordinated attacks making teamwork even more important in the game.All in all, the gameplay really makes the player feel as if they are but just a cog in the machine of war. It makes the player realize the mistake they made that caused them to die. It makes them realize they are someone who can die with some power to make decisions but in the end only enough to make a difference if done right. But even then, at times a player can win through using skill, reflexes, and fast decisions in even the toughest of situations.Secondly, the graphics in the game are fun and voxel based, along with the weapons. To solve the proble of the angled top down view, buildings are translucent and the silhouettes of enemies can be seen through them. The graphics will not blwo you away but allow you to see what is going on clearly, at least until an arty 8 comes along...Finally, the sounds are fun. It's not really anything special, but just something that isn't bad in my opinion.All in all RUNNING WITH RIFLES is one of my favorite games of all time and I would reccommend it to anyone who likes a strategical shooter with action-packed moments relying on skill, patience, and strategy.10/10 - Would arty 8 again"
,Recommended,270150,20057906,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kyjerwa,Develop an irrational fear of yellow lines
76561197967649607,Recommended,270150,20636760,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Kalishnakov,"Simple, well-crafted, and incredibly addicting. The developers did a great job on this game."
,Recommended,270150,21230440,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Trickyhunter,Rwr is a fun game although requires ALOT of time it gets more fun as u rank up u unlock weapons armour ghillie suits and all kinds of stuff rare weapons u just need to play it alot
76561198055206848,Recommended,270150,21318258,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TROLLCENTER7,This game is truely fun. I know what your thinking it looks stupid or you dont think its fun but it puts you in the shoes of a grunt in the middle of a war and all you have to do is win it or die trying.
76561197987185127,Recommended,270150,21038815,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Battle Bunny,"I love it. I absolutely adore it. It's simple yet tons of replayability. You feel like you're really progressing even as a grunt, you can have a positive impact on the overall machine that is your army. Highly Recommended. I got it on sale for 40% off but knowing what I know now, I would have paid full price a lot earlier."
,Recommended,270150,23336045,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Billa,"Really fun to play, both solo and co-op. Highly recommended. Try the demo first to see if you\'d enjoy it."
,Recommended,270150,10541612,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,It's A Ruse,Good.
,Recommended,270150,18168884,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ToxicAntimater,"This game is amazing, this soundtrack is amazing and this style is amazing buy this game now and if you are unsure if you like it download the demo! I know right a demo you dont see many of them these days."
,Recommended,270150,18690863,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,th3Pho3nix,10/10 Would commit war crimes again
,Recommended,270150,20114853,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,James Rockford,"I enjoy this game; however, multiplayer is where the craic is.Unfortunately, while I still would recommend the game, the official multiplayer servers are rather empty.  Basically, one may have a lot of players and the others sparse, with two or three."
,Recommended,270150,20182182,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Powerquity,"This game made me scream ""WAR IS HELL""."
,Recommended,270150,20207306,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mr. Geno,"It took me two hours to capture one of nine areas of the campaign map, only being able to stop the eternal stalemate by going on a stealth mission with one ally and infiltrating their main base.More of a Battlefront game than Star Wars: BattlefrontLike Soldat in 3D"
76561198147991473,Recommended,270150,20236244,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,kylep545,110 hrs and counting
76561198019444197,Recommended,270150,20435604,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zolid,"I dont Typically like top down shooters. but this is alot of fun, and will play again. great steal when on sale"
76561198008921523,Recommended,270150,20539914,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Korman,"Love it, but after wipeout ranks i lost motivation to play :("
76561198157470963,Recommended,270150,20876240,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,EpicGamerPlays,"All I got to say is that you need to buy this game. Why? You might ask, well, who wouldn't want to charge into battle, bullets flying everywhere, explosions shaking the screen, screams filling the air. Who wouldn't want to take part in a sandbox war game with hundreds of troops, fighting each other with technology of war. Tanks firing shells at passing jeeps, artillery blowing apart an enemy convoy, squads of troops charging an enemy compund, firing their rifles. This game never gets old. Never. But wait, it doesn't stop there. Hop onto the workshop and change your game into more. Want to hold back hordes of zombies in a post-apocalyptic world? you can do that. Want to defend the shores of Normady as the German during WW2? you can do that. Want to fight as the aliens from Xcom? you can do that. This game is amazing. You need it."
,Recommended,270150,20922786,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Richard Brown,Very good game
76561198002585649,Recommended,270150,21059092,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,WallMart,What? How?! Simulator 2016
76561198061430457,Recommended,270150,21063655,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MrDoge,Its pretty cool if you like a lot of stuff about war and top-down shooters and all. i totally recomend this game!
,Recommended,270150,21069527,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Juma,"Cool game to play online. You pick a side, whether u want to be Green, brown, grey, etc... and you and your army advance through the map. You can equip yourself a different kind of weapons, you can pick up grenades medikits or items you can sell afterwards so as to get better equipment. The main objective of this game is to capture certain checkpoints of the map until you get to the enemy base."
76561198061081487,Recommended,270150,20227666,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Chickenwithabazooka,"Good tactical combat combined with a Kelly's Heroes style bartering system makes for a thoroughly fun, if occasionally frustrating, experience."
,Recommended,270150,20315612,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Marlfox,"That day, for no particular reason, I decided to buy the game and go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run into enemy territory. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just kill my way across Green County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great reich of the Grey's. And that's what I did. I ran clear across it all with my rifle at my side. For no particular reason I just kept on going. I ran clear to the ocean. And when I got there, I figured, since I'd gone this far, I might as well turn around, just keep on going. When I got to another ocean, I figured, since I'd gone this far, I might as well just turn back, keep right on going.10/10 will run with rifles again"
,Recommended,270150,20487383,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Silicon_Assassin,Really enjoyed playing this through so I did it again. Felt like a spiritual successor to Canon Fodder which I also really enjoyed. Would fully recommend this game.
,Recommended,270150,20592937,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,71828,"And I thought I died a lot in ARMA 3...It's fun, chaotic and a little bit silly. The one downside I can think of right now is that you loose XP when you die (you'll probably die a lot) and XP is required to unlock access to new weapons."
76561198008078268,Recommended,270150,20630447,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Haunter,"Though I wish there were more players in the multiplayer, the singleplayer campaign is fun on itself.You can balance everything out in the options menu right before you start a new campaign, so if you keep getting over runned by the enemy you are able to lower the amount of enemies that are in the match aswell as several other tweaks.At first glance you wouldn't think of this game of being to tactical, however, you can't just run in and shoot stuff, that will get you killed. If you don't stand behind cover while the enemy fires at you, you will die. This can result in awesome moments where you are the last survivor, waiting for back up as you kill several enemies who far outnumber you.The only downside I have is the lack of players in the multiplayer. So get this game so we can shoot some enemies together!"
,Recommended,270150,20796616,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SimbaLion,This might be the best and most significant war game ever.
,Recommended,270150,20870934,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kovery,Great Game!
76561198103521208,Recommended,270150,20899184,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,N4th,"Lots of people see this as the top-down version of Battlefield. Lots of satisfying kills and frustrating deaths (due to your own incompetence, rather than any issue with the game). The singleplayer and multiplayer elements will keep you and your friends entertained for the whole hours-long battles. A surprising amount of strategy and well-balanced combined-arms gameplay keeps you coming back for more."
,Recommended,270150,20921580,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Salad Ass,better than battlefield:hardline10/10
,Recommended,270150,20996730,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Brentius Caeterson,Live. Die. Repeat.Only this time you get to do it with random people!
76561198014444451,Recommended,270150,21042667,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Khausin,"This game is alot of mindless fun, wish they had more upgrades such as weapons and such, maybe they do i have just started it. worth the price tho 7 out of 10"
76561198069104540,Recommended,270150,21046125,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Esteban Varady,Great game!!!
,Recommended,270150,21091866,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Tempest,This game is a Top-down perspective shooter. This isn like any other shooter i have played. You are not the star of the story but you are like everyone else a normal soldier given orders to attack a position. It lacks in Vehicles overall. But it is not a vehicular combat game but a TDPS so i can forgive it. Game can get repetetive but when its not you can find yourself in all sorts of situations you could be behind enemy lines in a stealth situation or in the front lines. Thats the reason  love this game the freedom you have to pick whatever and however you wanna use or do to tackle the situation10/10- Would pick up and play again
,Recommended,270150,20393188,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Shiroimizu,Nice game
76561198013827110,Recommended,270150,20601447,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Frushtuk,"Run, shoot, run, shoot, die...Run again, shoot, run more, shoot, die..Getting tired?Run, shoot, run, crouch, shoot... die...Love it"
76561198116404888,Recommended,270150,20910143,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Senor Queso,"Spawned in Co-op Server, Was immediately run over by a friendly teamate who was driving a jeep 10\10 would get run over by friendlies again."
76561198010804834,Recommended,270150,20998227,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,VIVIX,Great.
,Recommended,270150,20114482,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kez,"Surprised by how great this is. Think of a cross between Battlefield and Alien Swarm.There doesn't appear to be much activity online currently which is a shame - I've yet to experience a PvP match - but there's a handful of co-op servers where the AI will put up stiff resistance. I can't help but feel that more PvP action would extend the life of the game though.But it's easy to just jump in and play right from the start, and a great way to kill time."
,Recommended,270150,20130518,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,the number 2 haha its a meme,"It's an exciting top-down, tactical shooter with elements of realism and some of RPG. Battles can take hours, and cooperation is necessary. It's polished with not too many bugs, I'd say it's worth the price!"
,Recommended,270150,20335794,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,frazz3l,Brilliant game.
,Recommended,270150,20852822,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Nex,Sort of like Battlefield if it were an isometric open-world RPG
76561198053236709,Recommended,270150,20980198,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kings,BEST GAME EVA
76561198017838470,Recommended,270150,20987437,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ElkVortex,"I was skeptical at first sight, but now that I've played it I'm in love with it. This is a very very fun game.It's kinda like a top-down version of battlefield 2. It has all the bots, big maps, co-op gameplay, and running to your death at the front lines. Plus a couple of vehicles which is sweet too."
76561197981716582,Recommended,270150,20058614,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LavaJava,"Awesome, very fresh approach."
76561198054862483,Recommended,270150,20136324,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jellyfish007,"After you win a mission, you can run around and execute all of the enemies.10/10 would c4 surrendered Graybelts again"
,Recommended,270150,20278057,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JimmyHillUK,Best running simulator since QWOP.I find the additional rifle simulator is also fairly 'hip'.10/10 would ignore all objectives to collect guns again.
,Recommended,270150,20332264,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,{BAF.RP}R. Pluke,Love this game. Its so funCons:-Great AI-Tactical-Cartoonish-You Can run with riflesPros;-No random AI chatter-You can walk with rifles (i dont understand why)-Not many people playing :(-No potatos9.1/10
,Recommended,270150,20339640,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hambo /// Harcourt,"Best game ever, always was looking g for something like this and here it is!"
76561198192296257,Recommended,270150,20780842,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Piispa_Henssa,Its pretty good
76561198089925051,Recommended,270150,20918475,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Chez Meister Austin137,"Very fun game, especially singeplayer. Multiplayer would be good too.\, if more people played the game."
,Recommended,270150,25975041,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Super Sand Lesbian,And I thought Dark Souls was hard....
76561198097932072,Recommended,270150,25887903,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Canadian_Bakin,10/10 would recommend this to anyone who liked army men or battlefield
,Recommended,270150,16658013,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,𝕮𝖚𝖓𝖙 𝕬𝖓𝖓𝖎𝖍𝖎𝖑𝖆𝖙𝖔𝖗,"Smooth but challenging gameplay, requires teamwork and some thinking to succeed."
,Recommended,270150,16731319,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Frug🐸,Spent five hours conquering keepsake bay. 10/10 would spend 5 hours conquering one map again
,Recommended,270150,16648848,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Boogie,"Running with rifles is an awesome game. Even if you are horrible at it, it is still loads of fun!"
76561198272638205,Recommended,270150,25353958,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MCP,This game is so much fun. How did I not find this game before. Definitely well worth the price.
76561198015810919,Recommended,270150,9495086,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Zero,"If you think you may like this game, you probably will. Its every bit as awesome as the other reviewers have been saying. Worth MORE then the price tag-----edit---I just wanted to say a few more positive things about this game. I cant say enough how much fun I have in it, but i can say the more people that join us to fight on the servers the better this game is! Id love to see more people come and play. Wicked fun little game with smart ai and huge co-op gameplay with as many people as you can get together. Id like to see some servers with 250 people full! Get this game, you wont be disapointed and look for Mr.Wiggles he has your back."
76561197965013783,Recommended,270150,9577678,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,-=FFF=- 8BALL,awesome fun
76561198080133874,Recommended,270150,9493427,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Shamus,"this gaming is really really fun, it is such a fun shooter, i have more fun with this game then i did with call of duty, theres no bugs or gliches that i can see and overall is a really really great fun shooter."
,Recommended,270150,25122787,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,UnwarierStupidAss,"Very fun, the maps are large and controls easy to understand. Graphics hold up and gameplay is amazing. It is hard in the beginning but the community is very nice and willing to help(on official servers, I dont play any others). A definite reccomend. 8.6/10"
76561198058297135,Recommended,270150,15108021,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Coffee_ops,"One of my favorite games in my Steam library thus far. For a Early Access game, this game was constantly updated and was an absolute blast to play with tons of strategy. With plenty of weapons to pick up, vehicles to drive, and grenades to throw, this game is addicting. Being able to adjust the level of difficulty with sliders in the game really took the game to new limits of a point and click type of game. Highly recommend if you want a fun, and strategic sandbox experience!"
,Recommended,270150,9495581,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Galaga Galaxian,"I just gone done playing online for several hours and I'm gonna chime in and say that *Running with Rifles is awesome*. Its like Cannon Fodder mixed with Planetside or the Battlefront series. It even has a Sunderer/spawn truck. The gameplay is great, and the AI is a surprisingly challenging opponent, and not really all that much in a ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!"" way. Or at least I didn't get nearly as enraged at RWR as I do when playing Planetside or Battlefront.It can take a bit to ""grind"" up the ranks (and the grind is unique to each server), but even the basic assault rifle is a competent weapon, and the first promotion unlocks what has become my favorite weapon in the game (and I've used quite a few in singleplayer), the SAW! You need to be prone or behind cover to fire it, but man that thing has firepower, you will massacre groups caught in the open and it also seems to do a very good job of pinning the AI. I'd blast away at them and they'd stay behind cover, I'd start reloading and they'd vault their cover to try to charge, I finish reload and open fire and they scramble to get back into cover. Its really awesome that suppression seems to work. At one point me and someone with a sniper rifle were holed up in a tower, fighting off waves of AI. I'd pop up and start spraying bullet across the whole group, causing the enemy to stop firing so much and the other guy would pop up and blow a few of their head's off. Then we'd duck back down before they found their courage/brains and started firing at us, hoping to hit while we're exposed.The AI is really good too, which is good since the only two major servers I saw were co-op against AI factions. They seem pretty clever and will actively try to flank (and cover is really important) or flush people out with grenades. It seems you can also sneak up on them if you crouch/prone and don't shoot until you're close.Now for the bad part. While playing online on one server I experienced some significant server-side lag/desync issues. Part of this was because there was 25-30 players, and part of it was because we were trying to grind our way into a final enemy base down pretty much a killing field and the place was thick with AI mooks. Worst thing is, every time we'd start to make some progress, the other AI faction (there are 3 teams in the game) would assault the territory we were attacking front, killing our momentum. I'm unsure how much of that lag/desync issue was the server itself or the game code."
,Recommended,270150,21511823,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheForestWolf,"Totally friendly game with teamwork, that is. Until all of a sudden. a ""rare MG-42 shows up""then turns into a very hostile game10/10"
76561197967010940,Recommended,270150,23200226,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,TostiCh3lski,"I ran with a rifle""OMG Grenade!""Respawned and began running with a rifleTitle is accurate10/10"
76561198101269815,Recommended,270150,18419919,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,DroidVortex,Great name-generator.
,Recommended,270150,9485759,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,[LXI] Firock Finion,"You guys, and maybe some gals, but mostly guys I'm guessing, remember back when you were little, and had imaginary battles between your little plastic army men?This is what those imaginary battles looked like. This is that. As a videogame. It's amazing.Also, this is early access yet one of the most stable games I've played in recent memory. I seriously can't recall any obvious or enjoyment breaking bugs; at worst a few grenade deaths that seemed questionable due to the range between myself and the explosion, but that's it."
,Recommended,270150,10394309,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Beefster™,"you want a war game thats not just running and gunning that you need to work as a team and use cover unlike the CoD and Battlefield games you need tactics, learn the ropes with the weapons and learn to flank,retreat and hold ground because the AI bots can and will.constop down perspective (some gamers will turn their nose up at RWR just for that alone)tough learning curve (but feels fair and damn fun all the time)stigma attached to Early Access games (no fault to RWR on this one)pro'seasy to mod (maps,weapons,factions,vehicles)random events that pop up every so often (stealing enemy trucks)co-op at its finest. i've heard the most players fit on a server is 52 thats with AI bots and others things happening tooranks (gain XP from killing...obviously)its not pin point accuracy (unless of course you change your stance)like what you've read?try the demoEnjoyBeefy"
76561197984503913,Recommended,270150,11595510,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,SKINZ,Battlefield Cannon fodder style.... 8/10
,Recommended,270150,18827830,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Akogishi,"I would highly recommend this game.Pros:-simple controls (there is a squad modifier button that issues commands to squad members in and out of vehicles)-a lot more depth than expected-community created a great wiki (check it out to see advanced controls and side missions)-open world-potential for a lot of funny moments-great co-op play online-stealth is greatCons:-people trolling online (rare)Side notes:-grind is not real. read the wiki. ask questions to veteran players in game. do side missions. collect ""collectables"" and trade them into the armory.-you will die. a lot. you will feel like the ai cheats and one shots you everytime. you one shot them a lot too. spray and pray should not be used for long range. use cover! use vest!-ctrl allows you to transfer one item at a time when your inventory screen is up.-ask before you follow someone who is stealthing.-don't cry if someone steals something from your dead body. some people were raised by animals..."
,Recommended,270150,19713744,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Oakerr,This game maybe be considered sort of grindy but when you take the game as a whole that one part seems to be so little of the over all game. If your looking for a fun little game to waste time with and play with some friends this game is a must buy. There can be large amounts of team play in the game and huge amounts of solo fun to be had.
,Recommended,270150,20498592,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lavernius Regalis,"RUNNING WITH RIFLESAnother title I picked up during a Steam sale, Running With Rifles is a fairly unique game with interesting elements and surprisingly good replayability. It may not quite last long enough to justify the wholesale price, however.GraphicsRunning With Rifles is a stylized 3D isometric game, and for the most part its almost cell-shaded graphics work quite well. Interestingly, the soldiers themselves are not 3D models, but are instead rendered with voxels. This gives them an odd look compared to the rest of the game, but it works out in the end and is evocative of classic Army Men toys. Running With Rifles is one of those games that, due to its art style, won't really become obsolete in graphics, and I definitely like the style they chose to follow.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=539156238AudioThe weapon and vehicle sounds are all distinct, but I will note that they aren't as powerful sounding as you might expect. This adds on to the feeling of being a toy soldier, with weapons producing odd pops and clicks instead of the thunderous report you might expect out of an M107 or Desert Eagle. The music is limited, and will become repetitive, but what they do have is catchy and upbeat, while still fitting the setting of the game.PerformanceI was surprised by the performance of this game, and unfortunately not in a good way. I got a much lower framerate than I would've expected - barely playable at all - on a laptop despite the seemingly low-end requirements of the title, so I would suggest trying the demo before you buy it to see how it runs on your system.GameplayIn Running With Rifles you take on the role of a single infantryman inside of a massive army, a cog in the machine. Each battle take place across locations about the size of a Battlefield conquest map, and features a very nice frontline system with multiple objectives and headquarters locations. Battles take place between either two or three factions, and players will receive two forms of currency for contributing to their side's chances of success. The first is requisition, which is used to buy items at armories and call for air support. The other is experience, which allows the player to be promoted. Promotions allow for new weapons to be used and new supports to be called (ranging from a vehicle drop to heavy artillery), and eventually allows the player to start commanding a squad. This progression doesn't make the player feel like a one-man-army, however; most unique weapons are exceedingly rare, and are lost forever on death. Armored players are only protected against one or two more bullets than those unarmored, and damage is represented using a unique system: When a soldier is hit with a bullet, the game determines, via a percent chance that varies from weapon to weapon, whether the soldier instantly dies or lives. All in all, gameplay is fairly unique and is the biggest contributor to the game's longevity.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=245676713SingleplayerThe game's singleplayer revolves around a large, persistent campaign, where the player's faction seeks to conquer the entire region. The region spans every major map of the game, as well as several special campaign missions. Much of the time, you'll only face one enemy faction, but there are situations where you'll have to deal with two. The AI isn't genius, but they're competent enough in the field and put up a good fight; much of the time, if the two or three AI armies are left alone on relatively even ground, they will settle into a frontline-based stalemate for large periods of time. The campaign is a great way to learn about the game, and it is humbling in a way for a new player to expect to be able to hop into a vehicle and deal some heavy damage and instead be met with an angry""Buzz off!""from the crew within. The final two missions can be somewhat aggravating, but the whole experience is quite enjoyable.MultiplayerThe game features two main gamemodes for multiplayer; either adversarial or cooperative. The latter of those two is the only one really played as of this review's publishing, which is a bit of a shame but is understandable; experienced players have an unfair edge with their rare weaponry and better knowledge of game mechanics compared to newer ones. The cooperative gamemode  is extremely punishing, and sees one whole faction of players square off against an AI onslaught, both sides having the goal of conquering the battlefield. It is persistent, as well, so you can save your gear, resources, and experience between matches and slowly collect interesting weapons. Another good way to extend the game's lifespan.Community ContentThis game features Steam Workshop support, and already plays host to a wide variety of modifications. I am disappointed that there is a lack of custom maps, as that is the area which needs the most new variety in my opinion, but the new settings (ranging from the Great War to Mass Effect) still do the trick, and it's fairly easy to start making modifications without having to download development tools.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=686382730VerdictRunning With Rifles is a fun isometric third-person shooter that is set back slightly by its lack of new maps in updates, but nonetheless can provide quite a few hours of good fun in singleplayer and many, many more in multiplayer. If you're interested in a more brutal, large-scale shooter than usual, definitely consider it, but maybe wait for a sale, as its $14.99 price tag is a bit much considering how much content it has. It's one of the few games I can think of that also has a good demo on Steam, so if your interest has been piqued by this review, I would definitely suggest downloading it and trying it out before you buy.I would recommend Running With Rifles, but would suggest waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,270150,20370153,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SimpleStuff,凸(-_-)凸
76561198262741034,Recommended,270150,24490588,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The Lemon Guy,Good game but could have a better tutorial for newer players and an advance tutorial to explain the complicated game mechanics.
,Recommended,270150,16525945,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,gents,Love it <3
,Recommended,270150,17147158,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Call me,"This game is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome.The arcade-ish look makes it so much fun. The fact that it has small sort off character development [mainly talking about ranks and rp nd stuff then] is awesome. I've never been a fan of top-view shooters. But this game amazed me more then expected, I love it.Should you buy it? Yeah. You most certainly should.Very tactical aswell, and in some weird way, it's realistic aswell.So lots of fun to play with friends. Lots of fun in general!"
76561198014682424,Recommended,270150,28543890,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HRX,"Great game !! At times you might loose track of time!! requires good strategy and planning to capture and hold strategic points !! but we all are Rambo so yea wars in this go on for hrs and hrs , still fun !!"
,Recommended,270150,23021952,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,American Truck Simulator,"Running with Rifles is basically a top-down ARMA. That's how good it is. You could say it is a mix of a top-down Arma together with Soldat, which reminds me of RWR for some reason. Running with Rifles offers a wide variety of guns for you to utilize and learn to master. The kill system is based on ""Chance"", percentage of each weapon which has it's own value that determines the probability of killing the enemy that got hit by a bullet.  The combat system makes the game harder than just to move your mouse and click on someone's head as it is more chance based rather than just shooting and getting E-Z kills. Easy to learn, Hard to master. servers used to be low populated but as of now the game got a huge increase in players. My suggestion? Buy it. Don't hesitate. Would be nice to see a few new players on the battlefield!If my review has not persuaded you enough, Click the ""Download Demo"" button on the top right, it's what got me to buy it."
76561198142790065,Recommended,270150,16706324,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Mr Green,A great game where you play as the common soldier
,Recommended,270150,29371562,Posted: 20 January,all,Retrobat,"A simple, yet rather fun game to play in between the hours, for when you have time to kill.You also don't need a high-end PC to run this, allowing you to get in and out of the game with a comfortable speed.Running With Rifles may appear difficult, as you will die frequently in every session, but one can get the hang of it pretty quickly. There's a wide arsenal of weapons and fear, each with their own strengths, weaknesses and utility which allows you to approach situations from different angles.Multiplayer covers both PvP and PvE, so you can fight with or against friends. Servers will also keep track of your own progress, so you don't have to worry about starting from scratch."
76561198051448546,Recommended,270150,9756165,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Friendly_FireFly,Best co-op game ive ever played
,Not Recommended,270150,15801689,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ghojo,"I CANNOT recommend to buy this game at its current state.Why? I wanted a fun, tactical teamwork-based shooter with a high replayability (as it was advertised). Well it's kinda fun, but also mediocre and very quickly repetitive grind-fest with bugs and poor design-choices. Which is sad, because it really has a lot of potential.So what is wrong about it? First, the game is pretty much dead. It isn't completly empty, but there is basically just one server with more than 4 people playing. PVP is non-existing.At least this one server has usually around 20 people playing, but since it's co-op you don't really notice it much (because of all the bots running around).Second, it lags a lot. This game got MASSIVE desynching problems, making it often completely unplayable. You run for cover or trying to shoot the enemy...desynch...and then you find yourself dead. It's just frustrating.The dev says ""the netcode is very sensitive for ping fluctuations"", so basically if you are not at NASA headquarters, you are screwed.Now to the gameplay itself.In the first few hours, it's really fun. You run around shooting enemy soldiers, figuring out the weapons and trying to do a bit of crazy teamwork. Which mostly fails miserably, but it's still very fun to blow up♥♥♥♥♥♥together. :DHowever after you played for a few hours, you have seen it all and the game just becomes repetitive and tedious. Basically all you do is grinding through endlessly respawning enemies while trying to capture positions on the map. Nothing really strategic is going on there and it's really just not fun to be stuck at some positions for an hour before you can move on to the next.Then the controls, they are alright but also buggy.To prone does often not work, so you push the button a few times. Usually you are killed by then already. You want to climb a ladder and you're usually getting pushed back for no reason until you manage to get up. The non-rotatable view and that everything is so small doesn't help either.Also running and throwing a grenade doesn't work, you have to stand still. The AI however somehow is able to do that.Vehicles are another point. The controls are VERY choppy, it's just not fun to steer them. Shooting stuff with the tank together however is really fun :DAlthough the fun doesn't last long usually, because the enemy is quick to blow it up. Using them from the distance only helps a little, but due to the short very view range it's not always an option.So far they seem to be more a fun gimmick, as they aren't really game changing tactical elements, due to the massive amound of enemy respawns.Boats are pretty much useless and rarely ever used it seems, except for safely grinding enemies.Which brings me to team-work. Man this game could be so awesome about this. You quickly gather a few people, hop onto a boat or jeep, drive around and flank the enemy, opening a second front. Or you call in an airstrike, clearing the path for your team to storm the base.In theory this sounds great, but since so few people are actually playing this game, there isn't much tactical stuff going on actually. Everyone just rushes to the front trying to shoot as many enemies as possible, that's it. And since the enemy respawns so quickly, airstrikes don't really do much difference to a match.I imagine if there would be actually PVP, this would be much different. Sadly there is none.Spawning. Oh man, do I hate this. You re-spawn at certain points or at the spawn truck, which is a cool idea but it isn't really well though out. The spawn truck only works when there are no enemies nearby. And too often the enemies rush your position (because they spawn so numerous) or some idiot drives the spawn truck into the enemy base.. -___-Then you get spawned somewhere else, which is close if you are lucky, or across the other side of the map so you have to run for a LONGGGG time.The maps, some are really cool but some are just badly designed, especially the last map. It just takes foreeeeever to walk around and advance. Generally you will spend a lot of tim running around.Then the point I hate the most. The RP's (resource points?), it's like an ingame currency that allows you to buy weapons etc. and order airstrikes, reinforcements or such.This is just such a bad design choice, it really breaks the game on so many levels. You gain RP's by destroying enemy buildings or special vehicles, or spotting them and by objectives (I think moving into a zone). So if you don't play rushing through the map and you want to play more support / stealth / tactical style, you don't gain any.Furthermore you lose RP's every time you are killed, and since you are killed often, your RP's are quickly gone. I literally killed hundreds of enemies, have ranked up quite fast and are still running around with zero RP's.I never got so far to actually be able to buy ""the cool stuff"", or call in heavier things like a tank or artillery. When I am so good at killing enemies and I am not rewarded for it, that just makes me feel bad.So yeah, hopefully the promised patch in June will fix all these things, because this game could be really awesome. I also hope some new vehicles and game mechanics come in, and the tactical elements to be reworked.If not, then don't waste your money. Right now it feels more like a beta with only a few people actually playing it. $5 or maybe $8 is ok if you like to pay for a few hours of fun grinding, but 15 is too much.I kinda regret giving my money for it. I should have gone eating ice-cream with a nice girl instead, at least I would have some nice memories from that."
,Recommended,270150,9484353,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Little Baby Man,Its battlefield but 2D and awesome  becuase of its massive scale of troops E.G when you are about to attack a base you see like 200 charging at the same time moments like dat make da game awesome 10/10
76561198025711320,Recommended,270150,19903180,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sytic,"We were moving, digging the enemy out of their heavily entrenched position, which used to be a mansion on a cliff, a beach protruding from its east. The beach was heavily defended, but every direction besides it was even more defended. The beach was our best option.We got in our truck, various trucks moving in, including a mobile supply truck and reinforcements truck. Moving in, we walked onto the beachhead to die. Around a hundred of us died on that beach within the first five minutes, us all having no other option but to scrabble forward, as strong as we could possibly be in that sort of situation.By the time we reached the cliff, we had lost hundreds more. We charged, throwing everything we could at them from every angle. A special operations team had managed to pierce the mansion's defenses, took down their radio communications and called in paratroopers. A few of them died before they hit the floor, but they had crippled the defense. The hundred or so of us charged in, furious at the beachhead.When the government actually got to the beachhead, it was a horrific sight. They found no captives, but only the gutted,  dead,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in corpses of what could be called the enemy. Hundreds of us didn't come home, and many families ended up with no mother or father to hold them tight, and tell them that everything would be okay.I was one of the lucky ones, but I'm saddened to say that though. I am warred constantly by the thoughts that maybe someone else deserved to live instead of me. I wasn't ever important, besides my mother, father and grandfather. The dead had wives, children. They should have lived, I should have died in their place. I hope that one day, the sound of gunfire hitting the body of a marine will be the last thing I ever hear.Then I played RUNNING WITH RIFLES, and it was pretty great."
76561198043938050,Recommended,270150,32188668,Posted: 4 June,all,Shock_Tart,This is a great game. Although not too populated i would love to see the community grow. Here is a small vid of the gameplay if you wanna check it out fir consideration.https://youtu.be/ohRtju_E00gif you like it check out the channel. I can post more gameplay showcasing videos if requested on there.
,Recommended,270150,15787407,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,jimbobslimbob,"If Battlefield had a baby with Alien Swarm - this would be it.It's good. Think of what Battlefield would be like if viewed top-down. That's basically what it is.You get to command a squad (which gets bigger as you level-up) to wipe out the enemy and conquer areas of the map. Once conquered you get access to all their vehicles and weapons - and new spawn points. The armory allows you to outfit your character exactly how you like to play. The vehicles are quite cool as well and the AI is not stupid.There seems to be a lot to learn - which must be done via trial and error since the tutorial is pretty weak. Saying that, I think I picked up most of the basics fairly quickly. Once I had sorted out the controls (crouch and prone are for some weird reason not set as toggle keys by default) I got on quite well and won a few matches/missions.The multiplayer is fun. You can play the campaign together co-op or against others and it has a variety of different game modes and it also includes dedicated server support.Jimbo Rating: 7/10"
76561198075226873,Recommended,270150,33248394,Posted: 4 July,all,killiam7,Very funDie a lotbut don't careWorth your money
,Recommended,270150,13087573,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,dick facy,"So insanely fun. One of the few games that puts you on par with the AI around you, and punishes you for trying to be an action hero. This game rewards patience, accuracy, strategy, and coordinated teamwork. With hundreds upon hundreds of soldiers on the field at once, you are just one of the many hilariously named grunts to be wiped out by your enemies, only to respawn and try it again. Kills give XP which allows you to rank up and gives access to new weapons, items and deployables as well as your own squad to order around and follow you to certain annihilation.The multiplayer in this game shines so brightly, I am absolutely addicted to it. Worth every penny and I've yet to touch the singleplayer."
76561198115812513,Recommended,270150,34031378,Posted: 4 August,all,King Skywhale,"I haven't really played online multiplayer, but playing with bots and mods are actually really fun."
,Recommended,270150,12946145,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jirokoshi,Pro's:1) DAKKA DAKKA DAKKA2) Die.3) DAKKA DAKKA DAKKACons:1) I'm not sure about anyone else but I find telling the armies apart way too hard at times and end up with some guy casually walking past next to me then BAM. bullet to the brain.
,Recommended,270150,15427057,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,blint.exe,"A decent game with lots of potential, a RTS-ish planetside/bf game."
76561198019114398,Recommended,270150,15428594,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Apothekert,"This game is Epic. It's like the little toy soldiers game you played when you were little, with the little plastic green army dudes, remember? Only now, you control one!So eh.. ..I consider myself to be adequate at shooters.. but with this wonderful game I stand no chance whatsoever.:DThat means I have to be tactical about it, and my tactics basicly consist of doing a Leeeroy.. !Eventhough my tactics are pretty lousy, this game is addictive as hell. The balance and game mechanics are superb. You have total sandbox freedom, but if u suck, u suck, and u wont get anything done. So better acquaint yourself with tactics that outclass mine or Leroy's. ;) Oh and don't forget that funky feel this game has, which kind of reminds me of Worms. Especially the nades and the little textbubbles.This game deserves more attention. So much more that it got me to write this review, hoping It'll convince a few of you.Hoping to see you all on the fields of battle soon!"
,Recommended,270150,29436317,Posted: 22 January,all,King Dong,Damn addictive game i was up untill 4am again playing it. Time for sleep.
,Recommended,270150,17250130,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,fael,"Run to the enemy you die.Try to shoot the enemy you die.Try to be a hero you die.Be cocky you die.They die, you die.Death Simulator 2015(fun game doe)"
76561198087223667,Recommended,270150,33606209,Posted: 17 July,all,Brutal Legend,I hate ladders!
,Recommended,270150,23442466,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Big Snake,"In the not so far future.And endless war to take the docks begins,.."
76561197983697105,Recommended,270150,10301084,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Backpack,"You have to be the 1 man army constantly in this game to go anywhere. If you are not playing with friends, dont bother. AI on your team is as dumb as rocks. I led a 10 man group and I watched them get killed to 1 guy. Yeah, great. Also, AI is quite suicidal with vehicles, throwing themselves into the enemy as if this was some sort of Micheal Bay movie.Again, do not play without friends.Overall, the game is there and it is great, it just needs a bunch of tweaks."
,Recommended,270150,10038836,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Shorvok,Honestly the most fun I've had in a game in a long time. The multiplayer is amazing.
76561198005288135,Recommended,270150,10049430,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"One of the BEST games to throw your money at for casual & hardcore.Easy to Learn, Hard to Master, but always fun..."
76561197972261430,Recommended,270150,10004063,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,ReNNy,top down WAR!
,Recommended,270150,10008994,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,daBONDi,"Realy funny, with good Gamplay and n1 balancing in multiplayerGot great potential to be a mix of countershit and league of loosers"
,Recommended,270150,10012788,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,LFgyro,AMAZING
76561198027257039,Recommended,270150,10022702,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,AcXentZ,"Really fun to play, I bought it because it was on sale and it looked interesting. Little did I know I'd end up getting addicted. Really like being able to command my squad. The ranking up system takes a bit. But overall this game is extremely fun, I haven't played much online, but I've been mainly doing campaign, and its great. There's not really a story, just objectives."
,Recommended,270150,13771185,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Muffin                Basskt,This game fun whoa yeah!Haha bang bang bang whoa don't get a shooty ootied get to that cover whooaaah grenade! Haha!! waam bam!! WOO!YEAH!
,Recommended,270150,15267038,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Beudi,ratatatatatatatboooomratatatatatattatatatbooomattatatatatatatat11/10
,Recommended,270150,10329378,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Taberone,"War has never been so much fun. Its like Cannon Fodder for the 21st century and Hotline Miami on a battlefield.Would recommend if you like large battles(you can set it up to 800 or so soldiers, but I hope your computer can handle it). For an Early Acess Game, it works quite well. AI is good. 3 factions, vehicles, basic squad controls. You start out regular, but eventaully get promoted."
76561198065613069,Recommended,270150,13264296,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lukepop,"I have no words for this game.The controls are perfect and intuitive; you know that any mistakes you make are your own and believe me, you will make mistakes.8.8/10"
76561198032997317,Recommended,270150,13097934,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Jamo27,"I've followed this game for a while now and in all honesty, it's been a great roadtrip. The game itself for £11 or £7 as i write this review, is more than worth the asking price as in return you are getting a fun, strategic shooter that combines elements from nintendo games such as cannon fodder along side the scales of battles from the Total War franchise. The devs are highly active on the community pages and the game is never left 'dead' at any given time with updates being worked on throughout the weeks. I have had nothing but fun playing this game online, coop and single player, each providing a different experience each time with a ton of replayability. I encourage you to try it for yourself with the free demo provided on the RWR website and buy the game in the future as it deserves more publicity than the mainstream **** that is clogging the store at the moment.Pros - Huge Ai battles, like seriously huge.3 individual armies with unique weapons/looksMultiple ways of playingCoop/online with botsWide range of weapons and vehiclesRadio supports such as paratroopers, mortar strikes, artillery and vehicle dropsSmall miniboss' with unique loot/weaponsmassive maps all uniqueDifferent Game modesDeployable and static emplacements to build fortificationsHelpful AiCons (not really the correct term) -You will die alot due to Ai, but hey it's a warSome Ai vehicle drivers can get stuck and frustrate youNot all Ai will charge enemy positions meaning you will need to do alot of work in order to winSome missions can be hard especiall by yourself (end mission for greycollars) PLAY WITH FRIENDS!Apart from those minor, and i mean minor, 'cons' this game is great and i look forward to the next updates to see what will be added next, especially as the devs are open to ideas from the fans!"
76561198081738113,Recommended,270150,15316326,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ImPractical,"Running with Rifles Is a fun little game that reminds me of my childhood playing with Toy Army men for hours on end. It has a ton of potential and replayability as the 3 different factions ( based on the Toy Army Men ) You can play as Green, Grey and Tan/ Brown. They all have different weapons, vehicles, equipment and starting locations on the map. There is even a level system or rank system with the higher level you are you can command a certain number of allied soldiers. You can also use a radio and call in reinforcements, mortar strikes, paratroopers and even tank support. This game is also very hard and realistic 1 or 2 shots will bring you down so the final verdict is.....8/10 because of sometimes the AI will randomly decide to run your♥♥♥♥♥over if your in his way, If you thought COD: World at War was good at spamming grenades the enemies are really good at it."
76561198130501770,Recommended,270150,10014300,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,aaron_michael1,It's amazing so much fun it has great potential and so much content for such an early alpha.I strongly reccomend it.:)UpdateNow that the game has fully released i would like to change my review. This game has'nt changed much but that just means all the stuff that origanally made my review positive are still in the game and so my review will still be positive
76561198043526259,Recommended,270150,11190389,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,lil_misfit,"This game is fun. Some reviews and discussions about this game may degrade this fact or state that I am false but I have seen a pattern in the bad reviews. They all say the game is too hard, too easy to die in  and the AI is unfair. There first point is just ... foolish. Dark souls, demon souls and the other are supposed to be hard but people love that game and this game is designed to make you just 1 out of 100s of generic soldiers on the battle field fighting, protecting and destroying objectives. Yes the game is challenging(just look at the difficulty options, less hard and hard) but that is why there is cover to protect you from dieing and the intelligent AI on your side to either be meat shields and protectors. The third point, AI is unfair, if find hard to believe because I haven't found anything unfair about the AI! Plus, you can edit the AI settings, their accuracy, how many of them there are. You can make it to where you're the unfair one!Positive things about the game are the wide variety of weapons, intellegent AI, great maps that range in size, amazing community and developers that respond to player suggestions and questions. I could explain every bit I just listed but I know you wouldn't read most of it. One thing is simple.... This game is Amazingly Fun and Challenging."
76561198046659612,Recommended,270150,10811717,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ScottyDont18,"Running with Rifles is a great game that feels refined and polished despite its current Alpha state. Even playing alone it is easy to waste away hours trying to move through a map and eventually win. Although the biggest feature of this game is the ability to have three factions fighting for dominance on the same map. This mechanic makes for an extremely fun game even if you've been blown up by grenades, mowed down by LMGs, taken out by snipers or even run over by a friendly driving a tank. The only possible downside is the current state of the multiplayer servers, which is only a small footnote that can be fixed with relative ease before the game is out of alpha."
76561198056415712,Recommended,270150,10584219,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,santaofdeath,"Cartoon violence on a grand scale in which you as a rifleman, a platoon leader, or company commander have little impact on.  Prepare for massive casualties as your comical comrades are shredded to bits by enemy fire!"
76561197968326813,Recommended,270150,10776424,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,UncleXam,"Crazy fun. It looks simple, but there are tactics and strategy involved. I approve."
76561198130444956,Recommended,270150,10419686,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,D3struction,"I recommend this game because it is tons of fun, and that the graphics are beautiful. For me it keeps glitching out whenever I try to play the game, so if any of you know how to deal with this, please tell me."
,Recommended,270150,10473834,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Tiinusen,"Totally worth the money, solid gameplay, hours of fun. And if that does not cut it for you. Listen to this. It's cheap!"
,Recommended,270150,15193690,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Chantion,It's good.
,Recommended,270150,25272895,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,sonic,I really recommend this game to anyone that loves Tactical/Shooter/action game . i played it for 8 hours and im loving it already ! reasons?-Call in any support u want a tank/car/protection/friendlies/mortar attack you name it!-contains more then 30 weapons for each faction ( you can play one of theree factions and every single one has diff weapons)-Take over base to base and destroy enemy Radio jammer / stash / mortar supplies and more !So if i was you i'd buy this game especially if u can get it for free or it's for sale !
,Recommended,270150,23223809,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Lord Reefer,"This is a fast paced top-down tactics game that excites a lot of nostalgia. If you ever played with those little plastic toy soldiers as a kid, this game is what you experienced. Plenty of things to do: plenty of maps, vehicles, weapons, factions and progression system. I would say this is a fairly casual game, at first, but then has a lot of complex features when the difficulty ramps up. My biggest gripe with this game is the art style, the voxel graphics and cell shaded lighting doesn't fit with the meat-grinder gameplay. The devs often add new content and support their product, they even added modding."
,Recommended,270150,25447674,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Fisty,About 20 years ago I used to play this nice top down war game on Playstation calledReturn Fire. It wasn't an amazing game but it was fun and addictive. The game was vehicle based entirely. Today we have a neat top down war game calledRunning With Rifles. I can finally run around and shoot and use vehicles. It's not an amazing game but it's very fun and addictive. I do miss listening to Grieg when driving the APC though.
,Recommended,270150,9627093,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Moose,"Solid game with plenty of solid gameplay. Levelling system is a little disappointing, thought you'd level up quickly and lose your levels upon death. Instead, it's annoyingly slow and you keep them as you die with only a tiny experience loss, but overall still a very enjoyable game. 7/10 and definitely worth buying for $10."
76561198107647426,Recommended,270150,9638708,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MilStratSur,This game is all out WAR & it's a FUN WAR!.
,Recommended,270150,9622464,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,The Void,"It's pretty fun. But. Alpha. So...Until it's out of Alpha.Here's what blows.Multiplayer seems... Ech. It's fun but people are cheap. So there's always that. Nothing against this game but when someone is spamming grenades through a choke and then rockets. It... Yeah I guess it makes sense but... C'mon. Why is that guy throwing 4 grenades? Limit maybe? Two? One? Iunno. Multiplayer can't really be reviewed. Aside from the community sometimes sucks but what else is new.Single Player Campaign.It's... okay, see when you have an open world thats cool but really I have to go through 3 maps, and 4 loading screens? Only to have the game crash and continue to run behind the processes of Steam? Yeah, no. Great. I guess I know the world is big at least. But now I can't stop crashing but whatever.Single Player Quick Matches.You're telling me. YOU. ARE. TELLING ME. I can have 800 troops on the ground. Give myself squad mates. RP and XP. Call tanks from the sky that sometimes don't auto-tip over. Call in hellfire being stuck on the roof of a building and murder everything?Sold.A.I. is stupid... honestly. When I get out of my tank to murder a guy on the ground because my gunner can't kill him and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ A.I. on my team jacks my tank and doesn't get out of it - thats bull. When allie tanks drive in the wrong dirrection, won't give me their tank or APC, and leave the only 10 attacking soldiers fighting about 50 without armor? Yeah. Make A.I. better. That's about it. I recommend!"
,Recommended,270150,9783673,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Polaris,If you read about WW1 you probably read about how hellish war was. Commanders ordering soldiers to charge into a gap to their certain death.Nothing comes closer to that hellish experience than this game.Into-The-Gap simulator. And I love it. This might as well be Dark Souls' little brother or something.
76561198061679114,Recommended,270150,9780337,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Kittenstomper,"I love this game because it inspires a true feeling of panic as you dash through the trees, tanks and infantry on your tail, waiting for that artillery strike to hit.All that from a top-down, cheap indie game that you could run on a toaster with a monitor glued on.Who needs Battlefield?"
76561198008354563,Recommended,270150,9716574,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,THX1138,epic
76561198090722967,Recommended,270150,9797856,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Jago,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing AWSUM! this game is unlike COD where you can be a one man army, this game requires teamwork and support from your allies. I enjoy this game sooooooooooooooo much and i hope that in the future workshop can work with RWR so we can add new content (new factions, maps, vehicles, and weapons). i HIGHLY recommend this game to everyone!"
,Recommended,270150,9642222,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,The Ornate King Hazel O'Hare,"Wow is all i can say for this game, a great game indeed, fun yet challenging, and best of all u can play with your friends, i do hope this game gets better."
,Recommended,270150,9640689,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Heinrick Sanchetz,AWESOME AS ♥♥♥♥ AND CHEAP!!!
,Recommended,270150,9687334,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Humorcet,Epic battles with a lot of bot. Very good game.
76561198022856963,Recommended,270150,9813361,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Hydra_Gaming_Raider,"Best game ever. It is fun, supports customization, and you can do whatever you want. It is the kind of game where you see your own team mates blow up and you laugh. It is an awesome game and worth the ten bucks. It has a custom match option and a campaign, 40 weapons, soon to have about 13 maps, 3 armies: Green, gray, and brown, and modding support. The game is fun and will keep you entertained for hours. It is not very hard eitehr so anyone will enjoy it. This game kinda reminds me of when I used to play with plastic toy soldiers and have a huge war on the carpet. But will real weapons and... GRENADES!! The game also has a variety of vehicles in both land and sea and although you can't control them, there are cargo planes that drop off paratroopers and vehicle drops and can be shot down by AA guns. Great game, and almost everyone will agree."
,Recommended,270150,9539910,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Peace was never an option,challenging and fun
,Recommended,270150,9583424,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,The Gooch!,"If you like anything, you'll love RWR. Simply put, this is the best $9.99 I have ever spent. Period."
76561198040557124,Recommended,270150,9601400,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Lazero,"I dont play many moba's, but do play Diablo type to Nether, favorite is mmorpg. Although new to this game, I immediately liked it, like a mini battlefield to run around as you please, pick up different weapons, drive over people, advance in military ranks, using strategy and good hand eye coordination, good keyboard control is a must. wsad movement."
76561197985800493,Recommended,270150,9629352,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Sundaenuts,for some reason I find myself playing again and again. Very good game with surprising tactical depth if you do it right.
,Recommended,270150,9731172,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Metul Burr,"cannon fodder meets arma 3. a 10/10.The bad:The one thing i wish it had that it currently does not, is a way to transfer your guys rank between numerous servers, and single player, etc. Currently every server creates a new save for you, in where you start from the beginning on every new server."
76561198066866262,Recommended,270150,10097385,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Raging Puma,This is a good game!
76561198091493222,Recommended,270150,23633908,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Commissar SerSjin,"this game man... i played this game 2 weeks straight and i did not get bored, and then the mods came, running with muskets, running with the dead and many ofthers"
,Recommended,270150,22191605,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,dayungturtle,10/10 would run over my teammate and lose XPs.
76561198185397038,Recommended,270150,29766551,Posted: 7 February,all,Bacon_Bricks,Risks life to get a porn magazine and chewing gum and the mona lesa but cod fans just go for a fancy skinno argument here10/10
,Recommended,270150,29780309,Posted: 8 February,all,Svalbaz,"For what this game is. It is really good. I wish more of my friends played this game because the multiplayer is really fun.The story is dumb, but the combat mechanics make up for it. And who doesn't love the aestethic of this game?I honestly don't think you can go wrong for £10 or under. Any more than that, then I'm not so sure."
76561198081161043,Recommended,270150,23329021,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,TheEmeraldDE,"It\'s okay. Get it on sale. It\'s not the worst game ever, but it isn\'t the best either. If you think that you will like it, you probably will. Don\'t get it if it doesn\'t sound fun to you. I like it quite a lot, but it isn\'t for everyone."
76561197981368021,Recommended,270150,22969745,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Aitan Liran (Kelev Rah),Ever wonder what it is like to be an NPC in a COD or Battlefield game? Well... This is it. You die fast and you kill fast. About the only thing that will get you past a stale mate is tactics. (Flanks/Grenades/Using NPC shields) Once you get the hang of it though... well... you know what they say. Hell hath no fury and all that jazz... but no... @%#$ my review. Get this game.
,Recommended,270150,26637759,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Prelude,I bought it at full price then the next day it goes on sale. Why!?!?!?!?!?!?!
76561198067372342,Recommended,270150,21951270,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,TheD3rp,In Running with Rifles you run with rifles.You travel with tanks.You jump with jeeps.You shoot with SAWs.You attack with artillery.You bombard with boats.You massacre with mortars.You report with radios.You transport with trucks.You silence with snipers.You plink with pistols.You mend with medkits.You fight with friends.10/10IGN
,Recommended,270150,22973430,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,BNS Duncan,This game does not have the best story ever seen. But its fun to play when your passing the time or if your just wanting to unwind without getting too involved.
,Recommended,270150,22989456,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,To be Frank,">saw an iPod in the middle of the battle field>went there and put it into my bag>saw a bottle of whiskey in the middle of my teammates` dead bodies>went there and put it into my bag>saw a riot shield during a crossfire>went there crawling and put it into my bag>saw an armory>went there and filled my bag with useless stuff>bag too full and heavy, couldn`t run anymore>randomly died because of the incredible aim of the A.I.>lost everything10/10 would be kleptomaniac and die again"
,Recommended,270150,22189324,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Peton,"Tremendously entertaining game, the way that you can start as a private and slowly work your way up the ranks as just an ordinary soldier in the front lines is great, also the potential of just ignoring teh front lines and sabotaging the enemy from behind being an impact and also great fun as the enemy AI attempts to surround your position and nade you out.Vehicles are great fun and impactful, the multiplayer has co-op and Vs which is incredibly entertaining, especially since higher ranked players can pull rank over lower players, you want to drive this jeep Corporal? Get the hell out this is your Lieutenant.Give the trailers and look, great game!"
,Recommended,270150,14960606,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Zacronzer,"First time playing, get killed dozens of time (Quote : Not my fault this game freaking hard AND ITS SO FRUSTRATING TO DIE COUNTLESS TIME)After getting 1st Liutenant Rank (Quote : Pff this game is so easy i can just call for tank help )After experiencing Final mission (Quote : THIS IS LITTERALY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I CANT CALL REINFORCEMENT , MOST PPL GOT KILLED AND NO WAY OF RETREATING , All seem hopeless *Quit gaming and return 5 min later* maybe 1 more try :) )Novice = Meat bagPro = Super soldierNewb =.............OLD MAN CARRYING CANDIES........"
76561197975000755,Recommended,270150,15284778,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Shade,"Actually reminds me of the original Army Men games. More complex and tougher than it looks, you'll be surprised by how easy it is to pickup, and how hard it is to master.10/10Will definitely keep helping the Greenbelts give the Graycollars Brownpants"
,Recommended,270150,15388526,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Infrared,I give this game 9 Warcrimes out of 10. Would execute prisoners again
,Recommended,270150,15311086,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,thom yorke,"I'm addicted to this game! The only problem is the community is too small! So please, buy this game! It's amazing!"
76561198165876286,Recommended,270150,15331055,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,JMAN1054,"Ever wondered what it would be like to be one of those plastic army men you played with when you were a kid? Then this is the game for you!In all seriousness, I was skeptical at first but read some reviews and decided to give it a shot. And quite frankly it's really fun!!!"
,Recommended,270150,15192049,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,h a p p i  p a p p i,i like it
,Recommended,270150,15029675,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Stevie Wonder,"If you try running with a rifle in this game you will get blown away. if you try to be a hero and run head on to the enemy you will die, if you leave cover you will die, if you try to sneak in there base with no fire support..you will die. 10/10 would die again, but this game has the greatest mix of chaos and team work. the key to getting a sector is to flank the enemy troop but you better have a plan because you will die, it is one of the best games i've played in a while"
76561198112350391,Recommended,270150,13924577,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,EisenHerz,Great game really fun. Easy to play and quick to get used to.
76561198043492453,Recommended,270150,13335716,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,[LK]lkhelben,Fun run with your friends too.
,Recommended,270150,10052360,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,mikehobbit,"I recommend this for the person making a asumption of what they think it is and what it will feel like playing it. Not like any game I have played and I say this in a good way. The price of the game should not shy you away It feels like a full well built great game. Playing this game simply feels good. You can jump into this game with out a problem. I recomend costom key configuration. Gaming mouse would help the feel not needed though. the ground and cover are all considered in this game cover gives you cover. vehicles are drivable to answere the question. you can hook a friend up with a med pack to get them back in the game. and the sound oh man one of the first things i notices was the feel of the game and te sound of the action. This game is balanced as far as i can tell. like i sead easy to jump in to and there is plenty of room for mastering as well... looting dead bodies yes , vehicles yes, fun funny seriouse and tacticle yes recommended YES! very likly that you will like this and feel like it was money well spent."
76561198034586374,Recommended,270150,15269846,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,OwnageBurst,"""WE'VE GOT A MAN DOWN, ONE MAN DOWN, THE ENEMY IS IN THE FOREST!""Soldiers: MOVE IN, CHARGE!""GET THAT ♥♥♥♥ING COMMIE!!!!""""FOR AMERICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
,Recommended,270150,15068109,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,WhaleOne,"Sat down for a quick game before bed. Doesn't happen, never happens. This has to be one of the most satisfying war game experiences I've ever played and the fact that it's a quite simple top down shooter makes it all the more satisfying. The replayability of it is huge with three factions and what are rather expansive maps. In the campaign mode the maps are linked and the free form nature of it means I know I'll be coming back to it time and time again. One of those games that when you're looking at your game library unsure of what you want to be playing, you'll always just say ""What the hell"" and jump into RWR.I've only had a little time in multiplayer though it was also just as satisfying. I don't normally bother with the review process but I think this crowd is on to a winner, as it stands right now the game is practically perfect. The back and forth, the grinding battles for city blocks culminating in an immensely satisfying experience when you finally take the win or cede a hard fought loss gives me good feels all over.10/10 Feels"
,Recommended,270150,13631925,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Shurimoo,"Definitely worth $15 but I got lucky and got it for $10 from a sale.The game is incredibly entertaining and deep regardless of its apparant simplicity of UI and graphics. The graphics are a sort of smoothed / voxel shaded look that reminds me a tad of borderlands and a certain Wolfire Worlds tech demo I saw a while ago. They look very nice from my point of view and I like what the artists have done.As far as gameplay goes, many of the other reviewers here seem to be comparing it to battlefield and I can't help but agree with them- at least to some extent. The game is a sort of isometric warzone where you control one soldier and can gain rank by killing enemy soldiers and doing special objectives (like capturing an enemy supply truck, which has other effects other than just exp). As you gain rank you gain access to more weapons: unlike other games though these weapons arent necessarily just upgrades- they all fill some form of role and if you want to do everything you won't be able to find one weapon that satisfies all criteria. However, you also gain the ability to lead around some of your fellow AI soldiers into battle in a squad for every 1000 exp (up to a maximum of 10). With the combination of extra weapons available to your character and extra soldiers available to lead you can become quite the force on the battlefield, even when a normal battle can have anywhere from 100 to 800 soldiers active. While 800 soldiers may sound like a lot, and it certainly is, the maps are still fairly large- with what I figure was 2-300 soldiers there were battles all across of anywhere from 20-40 troops during the campaign, which at 7 hours in I have yet to finish (though that is partially my own fault, as I believe I failed to help my allies a few too many times and we got completely pushed back from about 6 points across the map- essentially right back to our base).Another nice thing is that, even though the game is isometric, your view of the world has both positives and negatives. To allow your to make use of varying ranges on weapons there is a sort of ""camera tug"" that follows your crosshairs instead of just centering your view on your character. The benefit is being able to see far ahead, like you would normally be able to if it was first-person, while the downside is the possibility of being flanked far more easily because you can't see your character at all anymore if you are using some longer-ranged weaponry. Shorter ranged weapons still have some slight downsides in that all weapons have ranges greater than you can normally see when you are centered on your character, and so if you get flanked you won't necessarily see that you have been until you are already being shot at.Overall, the game is enjoyable and I am having a lot of fun. Here are some overall pointers for those of you who just want some quick info :+ Well-done UI that aims for ease of use and readability while being unobtrusive+ Decently replayable as no battle will be the same, especially in multiplayer+ Graphics are also well done and I personally really enjoy the aesthetic+ Lots of options (tactically)- the maps are all very open and large+ With 10 soldiers following you at the higher ranks you can definitely change how the battle plays out+ You can change the battle even being a lone soldier if you are a good shot- Driving AI could use some work it seems but is otherwise solid- Early Access at the time of this review, current state is easily release-worthy though (minus the driving AI, of course)- There honestly isn't much I dislike about this game, easily worth the money"
76561197962947346,Recommended,270150,15073559,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,*ShaFt*,"First of all, I usually never write reviews, but I felt this game really deserved one...I played the demo for about 7 minutes and I was sold, and so was a copy of the pre-release right after. There's so much potential in this game, and I love the mix between RPG, ""modern"" warfare, squads, and the arcade style graphics. Personally, It's almost like the old school GTA and the Battlefield series had a baby.Start as an average Joe, a private, and advance up the hierarchy. You get thrown into the game, and at first it that was a bit confusing, I had no idea what to do or where to go, but you catch up quickly. Lots of fun playing co-op vs. the AI as well, and actually challenging, unlike other online ""bots"". Looking forward to the vast amount of mods that will likely show up later on.Only thing I miss is a quick tutorial, there are several things that I had to read the online manual to find out, which is not (well) described in-game. But for all I know, they'll include one in the final release in a couple of days."
,Recommended,270150,15000409,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Fordo (7kb/s),"It takes you down a notch from your standard shooter. You're no invincible killing machine, you're just another expendable soldier on a huge battlefield, the result of which is the greatest top-down shooter on the market. Encourages tactical thinking and on-the-spot planning which will never get old. I could lay on a rooftop just picking off commies all day long."
76561198010292895,Recommended,270150,15132876,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,GilgameshMa,CANNON FODDER SIMULATOR 201510/10 - IGN
,Recommended,270150,15422728,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,digital grandpa,you get rewarded for killing surrendering enemies 10/10
,Recommended,270150,29489346,Posted: 25 January,all,"No gods, No masters",o jogo e bom porem os mapas da campanha são repetitivos
,Recommended,270150,13526401,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sacheverell,"I went into this hoping it would be at least as fun as Cannon Fodder, and was seriously surprised to find it was much more fun! I could waste time explaining the game mechanics, or how often you'll die even as you mow down legions of the other team's little guys, but the longer you read this, the less time you're playing the game.tl;dr: Want a top-down shooty game with depth, but super-easy to pick up and learn? Buy this, and never look back. Seriously glad I gave this game a shot, it's so friggin' addictive!"
,Recommended,270150,23053383,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tidus,"Running With Rifles reminds me of the glorious Army Men games of old. RWR is a well polished top down shooter that offers fun and fluid gameplay from start to finish. RWR lets you choose your loadout in mission via armories to adjust to the type of war scenario you currently face. You are awarded with XP points as you progress on the battlefield that will allow you unlock better weapons and gear. Commandeer jeeps, tanks, gun emplacements, and mortars in your attempt to secure sectors and eliminate the enemy force.10/10"
76561198059894356,Recommended,270150,15177316,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ｃａ＄ｈ,"You do run with rifles, I will not lie."
76561198026916028,Recommended,270150,15223100,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,P01NTMAN,"Did you ever in your childhood enjoy playing with plastic army men? Did you ever wish all those army men would come to life and fight a large battle, like a more violent toy story? Well, your wish has finally come true with Running With Rifles. So do your self a favor, buy this game, and let all your childhood dreams of army men warefare come true."
,Recommended,270150,15240979,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,BurningInMySkin,HELL YEAH MOTHA ♥♥♥♥A
76561197961084910,Recommended,270150,16017587,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[CnG] S4MMY,YES YES YES YES BEST GAME IVE PLAYED IN A LONG TIME.
76561197983466236,Recommended,270150,15230463,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Hamppa,Simple and Fun. Addicting Gameplay. ps torilla tavataan
,Recommended,270150,18481491,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BrosephStylin,toy soldier PTSD simulation
,Recommended,270150,13565742,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Daimyo Doge,"Holy Magikarp this game is fun!Both tactical and frantic, this game brings a lot to the table. Heaps of replay value, co op is a blast both online and locally.Big thumbs up from this guy!"
,Recommended,270150,15224910,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,|038|117335|,"Bought the gameJoined a gameJumped in a vehicle with bots as a driverA bot said: ""Where did you get your driving licence?""I answered: ""Your mom gave it to me!""Then an enemy shot Carl-Gustav_2 at us and we all died???then I played for 9.5 hours almost non-stop1100/10 would bot squad again"
,Recommended,270150,14408129,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Central Scrutinizer,"Like a mix of Cannon Fodder and Battlefield, with simple visuals that belie intense battles within. Extremely addictive, with great look, and tight gameplay. War(!) has never been so much fun!All Glory to the Socialist Union of the Brownpants."
,Recommended,270150,14999790,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,57 is a prime number,"Extremely entertaining. Many shooter games put you in the role of the action hero; able to take and deal out a seemingly infinite amount of bullets. RWR, however, forces you to become a soldier just like all others, with a fragile body and imperfect aim. With this seemingly meaningless soldier, however, you can have tremendous impact. Sneaking into enemy bases, calling airstrikes, you name it; one man can have an impact. Whether RWR is a social commentary on the shooter's depiction of a player, or simply an extremely difficult shooter, this game is money well spent."
,Recommended,270150,13017816,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,RiceyMcRiceFace,"I mean, it's pretty much BALLIN!"
,Recommended,270150,12320011,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,R0nnyz,"This game will never make you bored. It's pure amazingness, this game made me like Steam games, i think this is the reason why i started to like steam after the first few of my games came out good, but then i got bored after a few hours. I was about to quit until i saw this game in early access for only $10!"
76561198012044442,Recommended,270150,14563686,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Fix,great game love it!!!
,Recommended,270150,19523593,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Fr*cken P*nis,mm th lil green men go dancing with their bullets s'classic ten atta ten
,Recommended,270150,20168537,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pass The Whiskeyee,neat
,Recommended,270150,21297623,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Scrotum Sniper,The Poor Mans ARMA 3And Better than it too!
76561198141797972,Recommended,270150,21193121,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ComedicallyCancer,"I got to play for roughly an hour; now it won't even start. I can pull up the settings on Configure, that's it. Still a good game while I did play it."
76561198063035069,Recommended,270150,21210020,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ian_goddard,Like Arma 3 but more realistic.....and with better Graphics.....just buy it nowt better to do if your sitting reading this sh*t
,Recommended,270150,22990046,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,☭Postal Speed Weed☭,"I bought this game while it was in closing stages of Beta, and even though my hour count is /relatively/ low for an entire year of owning this game, I can and will say it's fantastic for those that love large coordinated top-down shooters. With workshop support it makes it even better, especially with overhauls like the Zombie Apocalypse, Mass Effect, World Wars I and II, and even the Napoleonic Wars. Definitely a game to check out if you're planning on buying it."
,Recommended,270150,23011049,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,OriJin,"Best. Strategy. Ever.*Creates Running in the Trenches(mod) game with max soldiers and all factions**Plays as Britain*-Starts game-For some reason britain's invading the Red armyBritain has only one base so all the soldiers run up the hill*Massive carnage ensues, Estimated around 30-60 casualties from Britain in the first 10 seconds alone*Le me: Commands squad to get behind cover at a fallen tree, while I set up machine gun behind rock*Mortar strike comes**Decimates half the hill*All the NPCs respawn, and we try this again.After about 5 minutes the air is full with bullets and you can die by simply being alive, with artillery strikes, hordes of charging russians, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥too many Machinegunners. Also, so many elite soldiers have died now that there's so many rare items on the ground there's more than actual common items.*Finally gets promoted to Colonel with its massive RP boost**Orders 10 artillery strikes on Russian hill*(Keep in mind we haven't even taken one territory yet (That's the hill!))*Russians die*We finally take the hill after like, 100,000 casualties and 50 lives for me.420/69 would install mod to make PTSD Great war edition."
76561198281490622,Recommended,270150,23018269,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Maximus,it is fun
,Recommended,270150,23038086,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Wrathsful,"I dont often write reviews, and If I even do write one its short and sweet. but RWR has a special place in my heart, so it deserves a longer review then what I usually give. There are many things that people may not like about RWR, the fact that its top down only, the fact that it has a semi-steep learning curve and the fact that the game itself is very hard and require's either a group of friends to play with or a good team. but desptie all of that it is a GOOD GAME! their are currently problems with lag and desync on almost all of the servers ( I havent found a single server that doesnt lag or desync just a LITTLE bit yet ) but if you can put that aside its a good game, I would reccomend buying it while its on sale or when you know your going to have lots of extra money."
,Recommended,270150,23059168,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tinyhooman,"This is a great game, and it makes me really sad that the developers can't put more money into marketing.Putting that aside, graphically, I have no problem with this game. Textures seem to be alright, although they won't really make any difference in game play.The game play itself can get very intense. Every death matters greatly and playing single player on a harder difficulties makes that aspect of the game even more enjoyable. As for multiplayer, one can spend hours just playing a single match and still be as engaged as when they started. Granted, this game will not give you any easy wins so don't go in expecting to gain something big every single playtime. You won't need to worry about the AI as they are superb and are the real backbone of the entire game.Overall this game is great if you are open minded to different game genres, it has great replay value, and for the price it it's a steal. That being said, if you aren't willing to spend hours on end for one single match (which is still really fun btw) then this might not be the game for you.P.S: If you do get the game, make sure to find a friend who is willing to get it as well."
,Recommended,270150,23094668,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,W1ldhaggis,Arma in 2D
,Recommended,270150,23096169,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,A-Pay-Chee,"Hey, that's pretty good."
,Recommended,270150,20411923,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,SnoopBoop,"This is such a fun, enjoyable game. It's relaxing in both the art style and gameplay. It's a mix of a top down shooter, and has a hint of strategy, as you can rank up and lead a squad of soldiers to attack your enemy.The type of all-out warfare this game setps up creates awesome situations as well, from massive battles to covert flanksdefinetly worth a buy, but if you're a skeptic, wait for a sale."
76561198236448420,Recommended,270150,23101196,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[X-Ray] xXxHunterKillerxXx,I love this game but i dont know why but my game keeps crashing when im playing :(
76561198036534788,Recommended,270150,23109632,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,LasVegasHAHA,Really like the new workshop for the game it makes it a hella lot more fun
,Recommended,270150,19535258,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,shinmeoki,its freaking awesome even though i dont have a control or a mouse im still killing people inside the game xDi play on my laptop and it works good =D
76561198084071539,Recommended,270150,19893959,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dr. Kaiser,"Even though still updating the game needs more...control...buildable bases perhaps...or new army, Blues, Britan takes a stand with new troops and a vast new weapon Asenal to explore...enough with small levels increase with vast oceans to control the waters with ships and aircrafts, call choppers on the ground to pick you up or some FIRE SUPPORT, forget the olden soldiers, nothing but there guns, add AI classes, sniper, gunner, support, all have a key roll, Recon the area to see if anyone requires sniping duty, Mann that turret and add some high caliber rounds in that machine gun nest, and why on single player you can't get healed by the AI, make the support class to heal wounded or even yourself, there is a number of possibilities for games even the ones in modern time...we still research new tech for the upcoming future of earth, even on games, halo 5 and New Generation graphics, make RWR a experience, add something to give a good taste in our fingers when we play this game with the steam computer or the good ol"" mouse. 🤔 😁"
76561198153267213,Recommended,270150,19945563,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mr.Nutastic,The game is amazingly good and I have not experienced a single glitch.Truly an amazing game played from the view of an average soldier and not an overpowered hero.GG
76561198072385593,Recommended,270150,20001385,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,lun0619,"Developers could have developed different mode like survival, with weapons that players need to collect and can be owned by players.people can see though walls. Fix it plz"
76561198140970512,Recommended,270150,20040829,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Felta,"For a long time I've been searching for a good co-op game finally I've found it, this game is very fun to play with your friends the only trouble I ran into is being able to connect with your friends and make a server but with enough effort we finally managed to fix the problem and its really really fun."
76561197965453948,Recommended,270150,20488697,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MONKEY B0! (SnOw),simply one of the best and most fun games i have played in a long time worth every penny!!
,Recommended,270150,21694231,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Izkoas,Its fun. Good casual fun
76561198162257811,Recommended,270150,21725008,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mr Monti,Never in my life have I felt that my actions in the battle field have been able to change the tides of war. But that all changed when I played this game.
76561198143311002,Recommended,270150,21820828,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,GoateeFTW,I think this is a Great Game. Its has very fun gameplay. The multiplayer is funny. Lots of content and replayabilty.NEVER EVER RAMBO ANYTHING!I plundered the shoreline with a Patrol Boat.LONG LIVE THE SS SUCK IT GREEN!!
76561198102044765,Recommended,270150,23024285,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Toastmaster General,Very fun game.Pros:Huge battlesRuns really wellGreat communityAwesome mod supportCons:Occasionally bad AIPoor controls (especially driving)Some non-game breaking bugs
76561198108920110,Recommended,270150,23135777,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Brother Charles,it will give you PTSD.
76561198055469309,Recommended,270150,19569272,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Caspy403,"10/10 Incredible mix of tactics, challenge, and good pacing. Easy to jump in, but hard to master."
,Recommended,270150,19949899,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,gooseduck,"I found myself surprised that a game with such relatively simple graphics and setup could make for such exciting firefights. At first, it might seem a little unassuming, but once you've got a handle on the strategy and mechanics (e.g. using cover and not going rambo), and you start working in tandem with the players around you, that's when it starts to get really fun."
,Recommended,270150,21121743,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,R.E.D.,Good game and a great simulator
76561198133248477,Recommended,270150,21284332,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,dannyboybul2,"Spent a solid 2 to 3 hours just sitting on top of a hill with the only sounds being my MG, the three others near me, the APC behind me, and the screams of those at the bottom of the hill, the only thoughts in my head being the hope they dont keep pushing up and that our teams to the east get the pressure off of us, before a rocket hit the APC and the MG nest next to me is blown to smitherines, leading to us fleeing deeper into the area, hiding behind trees and fountains and requesting support from anywhere, this scenario repeated several times before we managed to hold them off, and we met up with the eastern squads. This is one of the few games i've ever playyed that has made the thought ""war is hell"" pop up in my head legitimatly. A fight can take 5 minutes, or a hour or two, and a whole map can take 30 minutes, or almost a whole day, i dont know how long a campaign could take, because at time of writing i have yet to complete one. On the same day of writing this, we had spent a solid two hours on the last base, attempting to capture it, always being just barely pushed out by their APC, until we stole it, (fun fact, if you go to a enemy vehicle and hit space or whatever you have entering a vehicle binded to, you will rip who ever was in the seat out, that took me a bit to learn.) then we easily broke the stalemate.                                        [9/10] Would reccomend, like a 2D battlefield / planetside, AI is on par with human players, battles take time, requires teamwork, Rambo's die fast as they run into the hail of bullets, stealth and sabotage are funtional and rewarding."
76561198046748242,Recommended,270150,21343112,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,physical removal,"One word-its ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant, amazing, so good! Well that was more than one word but you get the picture.Looking foward to modulatio's next game :)"
76561198183922253,Recommended,270150,21674073,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TACOMAN,"It's definately a hard game but once you start to know where to go and where to hide on the maps its easy. Here are the rules to survive: Stay in cover, crouch, keep shooting the enemies are smart and move when you are reloading or moving. Still after months of playing its one of the best games i have!"
76561198117976088,Recommended,270150,23009019,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tim the Talking Tree,"this game, pretty nice, i got it when they got the workshop, still figuring it out, but so far, this is what i have found1.mods are still a work in progress,2.the servers are kinda hard to figure out.3.you will die, a lot........a.....lot.4.the tutorial is kind of hard to figure out, but, i just pressed ramdom buttons, and they worked :Dall in all? i would buy it, but, im just a tree, so really, i cant do much about your finacel decicions."
,Recommended,270150,23012015,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Thermal E-Rocker,literally playablecured my cancer
76561198100625883,Recommended,270150,23073315,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,The Tubular Toucan,"This is the first game that I like so much that I just had to write a review. This game is simply amazing! Deep, tactical combat and progression systems, and just plain fun, in both single and multiplayer modes.You can:+Lead a front line charge on enemy bases+Run stealth ops for your team+Hijack enemy vehicles+Execute surrendering soldiers+Indiscriminately kill medics and wounded soldiers+Get PTSDBest indie military game to date.10/10 would disregard the Geneva Convention again.(p.s. make sure you max the body clearing threshold so you can run through fields of dead bodies)"
,Recommended,270150,20075890,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ashling,Great game took me bit to figure out the controls but i just got it and i love it
,Recommended,270150,20161694,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[CM]⚡KingTiger⚡,Got the game two days ago and it is awesome ive left the game running so ive only played about 10 hours so far but i say this game can give you 70+ hours of fun.
,Recommended,270150,23010744,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Nekkaru,"A top-down Battlefield shooter. It is pretty challenging, The ai is pretty good, Lots of weapons, vehicles, and large maps.I've only played alone so far. But im sure the multiplayer makes it 10x more fun. Id reccomend Running with rilfes, Its safer than running with scissors. 9/10"
,Recommended,270150,23014411,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Screwbles,"It's just simple fun at it's best.  This game is tagged for stratagy.  Although you can play it smart and competively, you can also just be really dumb and d*** around doing really s***y things to the AI.  I giggle as I sit on a roof top mowing down everything that moves.  It seems like it could get a little dull eventually, that's why I think it is a perfect ""pick up and play"" arcade-ish title.  You can save right where you are, and later go back to more mindless mayhem."
76561198023279869,Recommended,270150,23047281,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Desolator,"An incredibly fun game that never plays out the same, no matter how you change or leave things. Just watch out for AT weapons."
,Recommended,270150,22991465,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[λ] Level 1 Necrodancer,"Love this game to bits, but its very hard to rank up. Then again im not good at games! 10/5 IGN"
,Recommended,270150,23010579,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Slaaneshi Breast Enthusiast,"Remember the oldie ""Cannon Fodder""? This is basically its grandson. Lots of fun, lots of deaths, and some of the cutest animated violence I've seen in a long time.Prepare to die. A lot. This game is not for wannabe Rambos, it really needs you to work with the terrain and buildings, otherwise you'll just get mown down by the same SAW gunner five times in a row."
,Recommended,270150,23013030,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,♜W0LF♜,pretty good
76561197972668285,Recommended,270150,19589315,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MistaKill,"Top-down bf2, brilliant game"
,Recommended,270150,20062130,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SkillerPenguin | C. Lauret,+1
,Recommended,270150,20217056,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CodeMagenta,Frustratingly addictive. Unnaturally intense. Well-earned satisfaction.
76561198084345645,Recommended,270150,20273682,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Grand Baz0r,"Top down shooter with a focus on tactis- love it. This isn't COD, so you won't be able to go in guns blazing but instead you'll stick back behind cover firing at the enemy, but with care, as any shot can kill you. Vehicles are great, AI is smart and maps are huge and well made. And at the price? Get it now!"
,Recommended,270150,21185062,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Nameless King,"runs around firing my rifle, gets blown up and screams at my screen for a medic10/10 would get blown up again"
,Recommended,270150,21216101,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,#stuntz,Battles can actually make you exhausted.
,Recommended,270150,21225259,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kalios08,"Grade: AIf you don't want to read this pros and cons are below.Really good game. Multiplayer is active and fun. Is realistic in it's own way.  It does have a slight learning curve at first but once you get the general idea of what you are doing it is really fun. You can command an AI controlled squad once you reach the rank of Corporal (1000 XP) You lose xp upon death and gain xp upon kills.  You gain RP to purchase and use options in your radio (Not available until the rank of Corporal)  Vehicles include, tanks, APC, troop transports, jeeps, dune buggy with a mounted machine gun,  spawn vehicles, and armory vehicles . You fight for territory on large maps over objectives.  Armory includes anything from C4, Rockets, MachineGuns, Rifles, Mortors, Turrets , Riot Shields , Grenades (Flash Bangs, Hand Grenade, Impact Grenades) , body armor (EOD Suits, Bullet proof vests) .  The AI is very smart so playing alone in single player and co-op is fun if you're are not into PVP . The radio: Call  reinforcements , artillery,  Sandbags for cover (Also in the Armory) ,  vehicles.  I'm sure there are more things I prolly left out but this is the basics of it. If you buy, you more than likely will enjoy it.  The only thing is , the ladders on buildings can be a bit buggy sometimes other than that, everything rocks. The graphics are very enjoyable too.Pros- No voice chatExtremely funActive MultiplayerLots of WeaponsLots of VehiclesLarge Maps.All Factions can fight on single map.Taking cover and firing system is great.Realistic.A toaster can run this.Friendly Community.Cons- No voice chatbuggy ladders (sometimes)Tutorial doesn't help much."
,Recommended,270150,21555638,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stoli,It's kinda like top down dust II.
76561198006722830,Recommended,270150,21556816,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,bushmaori13,One of the best and most unique games I've played. The gameplay is addicitive and the A.I is the best I've seen in any game I've played. The potential for a sequel is honestly unlimited. The guys at Modulattio Games have blown me away with this game. Do yourself a favour and buy this title. The most underrated but best game I've played (and I've played a few)
76561198052576709,Recommended,270150,23011652,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,twasono,"Just go buy the game already, quick, before the sales run out! So you can blow up Germans and Russians for half the price!"
,Recommended,270150,23027593,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The Zygomorphic Glop of Cake,So I tried to backdoor. But I failed. So many times. Enough times for my team to capture everything else by themselves. The AI. 10/10
76561198042437517,Recommended,270150,23101554,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SupremeLeaderPie,fantastic gem of a game. Especially now that steam workshop has been added.
,Recommended,270150,23124810,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,3xile,Best time sink ever super entertaining meaty gritty voxel warfare graphics arnt to godly but arnt bad either stable servers and fluidly working product well worth your money and considerationcons: starts out slow as private rank up isnt to hard or long
76561198129804163,Recommended,270150,23150992,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,BALR.,OMG grenade.10/10
76561198045246210,Recommended,270150,23160865,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,[42DR] Remlly,"Help, I started map making for this game and now I am stuck in the quake chat. the devs are way to friendly and helpful, and they respond way to much on forum posts."
76561198119603056,Recommended,270150,19882817,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Atomic_Beverage,There I was...Deep deep behind enemy lines...The only things to keep me company were my sniper rifle and my trusted ghillie suit...Suddenly a mass amount of enemies come my way...I manage to dispatch the whole group with the help of a friendly machine gunner...Another group comes our way...The gunner is quickly killed...It is just me again...I kill half this group...When suddenly...A friendly APC arrives to help...And runs me over in the process...Then I had to buy all my $#@! all over again.
76561198167880911,Recommended,270150,19922717,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,rjosh98,"""Rules of war? Dafaq are those?""-Every single soldier in RWR"
76561198006591585,Recommended,270150,18635322,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Chief Zuma,"As Lieutenant Christopher Obama dying gaze settled on that of his faithful subordinate, Pvt. Ted Bundy, he said in a voice choked with blood and agony ""press space to continue""This is a fantastic little game. To sum it up briefly, you play one of the expendable extras in a huge battle scene. The difficulty is quite hard to manage at first, and I'm not necessarily sold on the whole top-down camera angle, but if you persist, you'll find a cover system that is intuitive and easy to use and a hugely enjoyable combat system. As you play, you acquire experience which translates into promotions to higher ranks which allow you to control larger and larger squads as well as unlocking new weapons, equipment and support calls. This is an excellent way of gradually introducing new game concepts to new players. It's quite rewarding to finally make it to the point where you have a large squad following you as you, well armed and armored, sweep through huge mobs of enemies.That said, a few things stop this game from reaching its true potential. You don't get to keep your rank across campaigns or different servers, making the effort of progression feel somewhat futile. I wouldn't object to resetting rank as an option in campaigns and servers because you can rank up very fast if you're doing well, but it would be nice to have a rank, and unlocks that you could carry across multiple singleplayer games, for one's own enjoyment. It strikes me that this game is meant for patient players who value a sense of delayed gratification, and I think most who fit into that category would appreciate some sense of tangible reward for their efforts outside of just the match they're in.It would also be nice if the game would adopt the steam workshop as many wonderful mods for this game exist but can be hard to track down.TLDR 4/5Pros-solid gameplay-good sense of humor-devs still seem to updateCons-loss of rank/equipment progress at end of campaigns and switching servers-potentially aggravating for people with little patience"
,Recommended,270150,18782687,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Pioepod,"I love how the developers manage to get an aiming system like thing in a Top down shooter. The gameplay is great, scenarios in battles can change, great game i love it."
,Recommended,270150,25824878,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Keil,"I love this game, I got it because my friend was playing it a lot, so I got it just to see how it was. I am soo happy I got it, It is so fun!"
76561198320520300,Recommended,270150,27096990,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Weaponized Saltiness,"The community, although small is relatively friendly. Most people tend to know and help out each other, the devs are approachable and gameplay is relatively easy to learn. Lagging is still an annoyance but it doesnt take the fun out of the game (unless you lose a super rare in the process). In RWR you could be what ever you want, a medic, maybe a spec ops unit, you can play anything that suits your play style and the mods availabe in the work shop makes things better."
76561198037910607,Recommended,270150,18133151,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Lewis,"I don't know what iv'e been told!Shooting things is getting old!Kiss a baby, hug a tree!Show some hospitality!"
76561198105332237,Recommended,270150,18539241,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Feldush,"Single Handedly one of the best shooters out there, and a MUST have game. <-- Its as simple as that."
,Recommended,270150,18574139,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ranger Savage,"Had fun playing it so far. I'd say get a group of friends together to play it and have some fun on a private server. Combat is just what you'd expect, though much more punishing. You'll be dead quite often but it isn't frustratingly so. Infantry AI is smart, looking for cover when under fire and behaving to expectations, you can even pin them down with constant fire and they appear to not want to move.Behind line missions are cool, getting a camo suit and a silenced sub-machinegun and sneaking some C4 on an enemy radio tower is nice. Or you and a buddy go to the frigid northern map and get a camo suit and two snipers and sit down on the outskirts of a fight popping heads off."
76561198115461555,Recommended,270150,18648662,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The Communist School Shooter,"If you like screaming like a 3 year old when a tank comes around, scavenging items that are worth a ton of RP but are worthless in real life, driving team objectives to hell, and killing your teammates, this is the game for you."
76561198123478196,Recommended,270150,18688426,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lodestar324,"I got the game.I played the game.I got very good.Acheivements come out.I realize,I've already done all these.10/10 would go again"
,Recommended,270150,19126697,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Hoahwi,9/10
,Recommended,270150,18517548,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Storm 1,"This game is the embodiment of veni, vidi, vici and that is why I adore it."
76561198070385293,Recommended,270150,18630027,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,James Russel,"fun in an original sort of way, top-down isometric tactical sandboxsome moments definitely ring of ""oh my god it's been 22 minutes and we're still fighting over the same city block"" but it's somehow appealingAI is nothing groundbreaking but noticeably an improvement versus other gamesonly sort of downside is a match against AI can turn into a attritional never ending slug fest over the same two points over and over, while morbidly entertaining in smaller doses, quickly grows tiresome when approaching 40 minutes of unbroken stalematestill a unique game, and in a good way.  overall a fun time/10"
,Recommended,270150,18632384,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,EremitaNovem,I have to say this game is a great example of a hive mind done right. Even if the gameplay isn't edge of your seat at times it's neat to see 24 players acting cooperatively towards a goal and how seeing how successful it may be.
,Recommended,270150,18659496,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,phoenix4350,A really good top down tactical shooter game
,Recommended,270150,18850826,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,TickleMePink,"Fun little game I must say, it's suprisingly simple and enjoyable. Great for passing time, and for the price, You can't go wrong. Only complaint is the weapon system is a bit confusing at first but after asking some players in the community it was explained. If you're looking for an FPS or 3rd person shooter, probably not the game for you. it's quite literally a birds eye view mmo style. But dont let that detour you, the game is mighty fun. I give it an 8 of 10."
,Recommended,270150,19149132,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,kraligor,"I can't recommend RWR enough. So far, I've been plaing about 10 hours, singleplayer only. Think of it as Battlefield 2 from above. You start out as simple soldier of your chosen army (there are 3 factions, roughly representing USA, Russia and EU; with different weapons). You are on a large map (some of them are well known from the Battlefield series), the main objective is - like in Battlefield - capturing one area after another, until you control the whole map. The great thing is that your comrades (and there's plenty of them) will fight, regardless of what you do. You can take a jeep and drive around the map, you can go full Commando and try to capture an area in the enemy hinterland or you can go for a secondary objective that will randomly pop up (capture and bring back an enemy cargo truck, free prisoners, destroy an enemy radio tower and others).With each kill you gain XP, which allow you to slowly level up and increase in rank. Every 1.000 XP one further soldier is assigned to you, so that you can form a powerful squad (you can, however, always decrease your squad size, down to the point that you're fighting alone - helpful for stealth missions). Also with increased rank you're able do buy and equip different weapons and equipment. You can pick up enemy weapons (bosses will drop rare weapons; these are not overpowered, you'll always be fine with your standard equipment). You can call in reinforcements, mortar and artillery strikes, vehicles and more to turn the tide of a battle.When you die, which happens a lot, you respawn at a spawnpoint (open your map before respawning to selectanother one). You keep your money, rank and XP, but if you had a rare weapon or other precious loot, you'll have to hurry to your corpse and retrieve it. Combat is challenging - if you don't wear a vest, you'll be dead after one or two hits. Line of sight plays an important role, the terrain isn't flat. If you just try to rush into the enemy, you'll die; you have to make use of crouching and laying prone, cover, stealth and tactical squad manouvers in order to overcome an equal or superior enemy.I haven't played multiplayer yet, but the SP alone would have been worth the price. I'll update the review when I'm further in the game."
76561198052497097,Recommended,270150,19169324,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Androth,the game told me i suck.  i'll show him!
76561198018467185,Recommended,270150,19317192,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Grax,"Great title. I wouldn't pay a lot for this game, but I'm very glad I picked it up."
76561198045292422,Recommended,270150,19349682,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,=ARES= asquirrel456,You do actually run with rifles.10/10 Game of the Year
76561198090749645,Recommended,270150,19121081,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,kid_ridiculous,it's a good game but i cant play it
,Recommended,270150,16908399,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,rhiser,"Great tactical game, but a lot more fun with friends."
,Recommended,270150,16950096,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Gun God,It's ok. :|
76561198056663224,Recommended,270150,17128609,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Pan Bechatka,"Well it's great game idea 10/10, design 10/10, orginal yes...buy this game it's the greatest idea to spend 15EURO!"
,Recommended,270150,18041983,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Fallen Knight,"I thought his game would be bad because its birds eye view and not a big fan of them kind of games...I BLOODY LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH. You can do anything in a match, go anywhere on the map 11/10."
76561198057128223,Recommended,270150,18174625,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Refriger Raider,One thing that bugged me the most is that how can there be only average about 2 dozen players online in multiplayer while theres over 1800 registered users? imho single player is repetitive and not as fun as coop.
76561197999713452,Recommended,270150,18577104,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Lion of Babylon,"The gameplay is a little repetitive, but all and all, Running with Rifles is a challenging and fun isometric 3rd person shooter."
,Recommended,270150,16933706,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TheWonderCraft,"Hey, This game is a awesome top down game. I ended up playing it all night long it was so good! Try it 8/10"
,Recommended,270150,18137622,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DownTownClown,"Accurately simulates the endless back-and-forth of war. The human struggle is eternal, as painted beautifully by this piece of art. The tedium of death and...rebirth? ""War, war never changes.""Deep."
,Recommended,270150,16358810,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sayajiin,Love it
76561198188710074,Recommended,270150,18433192,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,sweetea1988,Picture Battlefield but as a top down shooter and no aircraft. pretty damn awesome game
,Recommended,270150,16750322,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,серп™,"RUNNING WITH RIFLES. An addictive and fun game that will have you playing for hours. Personally, I think this game is definitely worth the $14.99.The game is not very demanding of one's PC. I believe it would only get mildly laggy if there were a number of explosions in one area. Also, the download size isn't large.This game has a lot of cool features. RwR offers a ""level up"" system in which you soar through the ranks (Private, Private First Class, Corporal, etc.). In order to be promoted, you must earn a certain amount of XP from killing hostiles and from completing other tasks. Also, you can form your own squad out of soldiers who are around you. Your squad size will increase as you are promoted.  When you start a new campaign, be prepared to sit in front of your computer for hours on end (most likely for just two). I have only completed one campaign... It took me over two hours.On the other hand, the AI can be a tad bit annoying. For example, an AI (on your team) may stand still in front of your moving vehicle. They won't move (most of the time). This will cause you to lose points. Also, quite a few of your fellow soldiers may stick around your base/spawn and never leave. Other than these minor issues, the game is quite perfect.After the first 30 seconds of the game, I knew I made the right choice in buying this game. Though some may find it pricey, I find that the content of the game is well worth the price. I recommend this game to all people who like shooters."
,Recommended,270150,16928884,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Brassdragon,I love this game! You can die from one shoot no more COD were you get shoot twenty freaking times and still walk away feeling fine. I also love how you can have 200 on each team it makes you feel like you are in a real battle not just a tiny skermish with 12 on each side. You also just can't hate shooting a RPG and watch the bodies fly out of a tank!11/10 going to die again
76561198142190259,Recommended,270150,16360631,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,jbrandy842,This game is fun but has wierd controls i would recomend changeing them to your likeing.
76561198164705113,Recommended,270150,17065894,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Argh not again!,Fun game!
,Recommended,270150,16392314,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,William T Riker,"Great top-down shooter. This game is quick thinking, stratigic, and easy to play!I would recommend getting it if you like multiplayer with your friends.This game amazed me on its basic but beautiful voxel textures."
,Recommended,270150,16428984,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dart,AWESOME.
76561198133329747,Recommended,270150,16450761,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Abraham Lincon,"wht a dank♥♥♥♥♥game , top down shooter , kill them up , choas idk what you else you could want, apat from a pony and a million dollars... and dat booty"
76561198194445011,Recommended,270150,16934323,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TacticalSmore,"Running With Rifles is supported by CGS. Events may take place in the future. Running with Rifles is a top-down shooter. with a run and gun feel. Running with Rifles can simulate a battlefield as tactics are the key to winning. Multiplayer is AWESOME with working chat systems. And soon to come voice chat. Leveling up feels rewarding as the higher your rank the more NPCs follow you as you are their squad leader. with tons of guns mostly unlocked but stealing and returning Cargo Trucks. Which unlock guns for your WHOLE team with factions called Green Belts, Gray Collars and Brown Pants. Which many believe are these Real Life factions United States, Germans and Russians. You can fight in head to head battles on multiplayer or singleplayer. With a couple decent bugs is the only thing stopping. Running with Rifles getting a 10/10. But the actual rate of how good this game is 9/10.CGS Supported"
,Recommended,270150,16935205,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,captaincrackers,fun
,Recommended,270150,16995491,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Svensk gosse i kronans tjänst,Just simply fun and amazing.
,Recommended,270150,19198145,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Col Sanders,Game is really fun. I have not tried out co-op but it is probably a blast. Would be nice if you added parachuting for your charatcer or air craft to the game.
,Recommended,270150,18739337,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,mothball,"+ Cool player base+ Massive all out war without the twitch gameplay+ Tactics- I think the camera angle should be a little more zoomed out.- Small playerbase (up to around a hundred playing on a good day)- Not obvious at first what to doYou'll start the game in a base with various activites around you. Just hit escape, review some of the basic controls in settings, and start a campaign. Do the campaign, then hop on multiplayer. You'll get a good idea of how the game plays at this point. Level up and get radio calls and conquer with your allies!"
76561198076078427,Recommended,270150,18749730,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,🌸エルサ🌸,"Hello there. I am ElseStand and I will be telling you how good this game is.It is not just good. It is Amazing!If you like to be in huge battles VS enemies with ton of AI that fail to lag you. Then this game is for you.If you like to get blown up by mortar fire every 5 sec, then this game is for you!If you like to tactically take positions away from enemy opposition, then this game is for you.If you just really don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and have the money. This game is also for you."
,Recommended,270150,19482706,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,FireEye,Its like playing with Army Men as a child!
76561197993060918,Recommended,270150,25963316,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Aquinas,6/10
,Recommended,270150,11880988,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Vault Boy,Every guys dream as a little kid come true.
,Recommended,270150,15469543,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Seno,"So you wanna play RWR (Running With Rifles)? Let me introduce you to some of the mechanics.Pro:Tactics used.Multiplayer.Guns.Bad AI enemies.Cons:Bad AI alliesStealth (kinda)Ally tactics.Things this game will involve:Dying.Being cannon fodder.Having your pride being beaten down into a pulp, squeezed out of said pulp, urinated on, turned into some nice humility via sewage system.Grinding until you get good gear.Dying when you take inspiration from LEEROY JENKINS!Cannon Fodder: 10Edit: As of now the game's multiplayer is kinda dead sadly, it's a fun game but I really only find it fun in multiplayer. So just a warning, if you wanna try multiplayer, there's only a few people."
76561198149840537,Recommended,270150,21206298,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,CrewCutWilly,I knew I was hooked when I realised I spent 15 hours on the demo.(edit) After about 50 hours the game crashed so I had to resset my computer. When it turned back on my games list went from 55 to 28 and non of them where installed. After restarting my computer a couple times and freaking out for a minute or two it all came back. I still 100 percent recomend this game but just watch out for that.
76561198077811095,Recommended,270150,16762168,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Casper,"If youre looking for a mainly PvE top down brutal tactical shooter than this is the one.Pros - Friendly Community,Devs are chatty and always answering questions and helping out!Graphics are v nice, good style to the textures and the sounds for everything is also great!Guns are balanced & the gameplay is smooth.Cons - PvP servers are Empty, I dont care but others do. cant think of any more.This game has so much potential with maps, guns, vehicles, game modes!Solid 9/10."
76561198066749399,Recommended,270150,25134563,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ace Ventura - Pet Detective,Omg I haven't left my chair for hours after buying this xD It is amazing... For instance going around after conquering a map and killing all of the surrendered enemys with my knife! 11/10 Would destroy mankind again
76561198035374155,Recommended,270150,15282345,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom,A ton of fun!
76561198168994293,Recommended,270150,29456210,Posted: 23 January,all,Banana.rar,I'd give it a 9Its worth it.
76561197967445282,Recommended,270150,35047380,Posted: 18 September,all,Zinkai,"love this game, kinda reminds me of the old sony shooter ""Infantry"""
,Recommended,270150,35157621,Posted: 23 September,all,F2P Engi,"Murphy's law hyperblized. It's a fun game once you get the hang of it. Would recommend new people do playground tutorial and then singleplayer campaign to learn basics. Then the best part comes around in multiplayer official servers, where people actually play the game, meme about, trade, or whatever(totally not dropping boats on AFK people's heads). It's good for its price. Would definitely recommend. Also, you can communicate with people of the Running with Rifles community on Discord, which means you can talk to the devs about issues! Yay!"
,Recommended,270150,35398567,Posted: 1 October,all,xcran,Epic!
76561198131410340,Recommended,270150,35400579,Posted: 1 October,all,Schmupai,10/10 Forever. What a great game. And the devs are still at it and they are bringing around a new DLC! Go RWR!
76561198020988327,Recommended,270150,29530400,Posted: 27 January,all,Level3Noob,Good fun but the battles always take way too long as they always end up in a stalemate
,Recommended,270150,24360756,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ZeIrishPup,If you ever think that Call Of Duty is tactical then either play this amazing game or get a gaming computer that can handle Rainbow Six Siege or Rainbow Six Vegas 1.ou know what just play this game it is pretty swag.-The Pup.............(I love Call Of Duty)
,Recommended,270150,15205877,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gen. Scorchy,Good game and this is coming from a guy who dies right after stepping out of base with 50 people around me but i always was the chossen one to die.10.5/10 being a bullet magnet sucks
76561198023836949,Recommended,270150,15321063,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Hello Mr. Killer <3,One of the best games to date. Even though it's got a simple gameplay and also simple graphics it doesn't miss to be one of the most fun games I've played for a long time.I didn't think it would be that good in the first place but after about 10 hours of playing I can say that I didn't waste my money at all.
76561197971369069,Recommended,270150,15278432,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,fishyFUNK,"This game is amazing, what makes it best? Gernades. Accidently killing yourself and or your teamates with a wonky gernade toss will put a smile on your face 100x over."
76561198072962504,Recommended,270150,25276375,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,.Sam The Kid,Do i need to say that this is the best game ever?Well it is!
,Recommended,270150,13800543,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,I'm not gay but 5$ is 5$,"This game is fantastic, there are a ton of things I could write to say so but it'd be easier for you to just download the demo and try it for yourself :)"
,Recommended,270150,23383359,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CchRaven01,"Don't be turned away by the top down prespective. There are many different ways you can play, run and gun, stealth, sabatoure, etc. Plus it is a casual shooter(That's a plus in my book). This only means it was made solely for your enjoyment and to jump in with a few friends. mess around and blow stuff up for a little while. The performance is great and well optimized atleast for my pc. In addition the art style is unique and enjoyable to look at while playing. For a $15 game,""Running With Rifles"" is a hell of a deal."
76561198060877748,Recommended,270150,14068599,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Maximus,Running with rifles. Almost as good as running with scissors
,Recommended,270150,9615535,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Kane,Ok first off for the price of this game and the way it looked i thought ok so its just another run and gun game that might have been fun in staged but i found myself playing it for 11 hours before reolising id been up all night the game is addictive and fun and combines a little stratagy with a great cover to cover shooterFor the early alpha phase this game is beutifly executed and i look forword to seeing what becomes of it i havent enjoyed a game this much since skyrim was released so its a must buy if you like the sort of game.
,Recommended,270150,9811899,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,baller sounclown rapber,"This game is amazingly fun and has very smart AI. there are a couple things that it could improve on though-tutorial... sure i can just look in the options for the controls... but there is more that players need to know... expample the rankings system and how it works.-AI drivers... well the foot soldiers are really great... but the driving for AI isnt.... if you command the driver of a tank to go somewhere they get all stuck and dont really cooperate-workshop content... something this game should REALLY have-a way to set waypoints ( i dont know if this is possible since there is no tutorial to teach me)-more customization... like character customization or more weaponsthat is all I can really think of... right now. but this game is worth the 10 dollars you paid because it keeps you entertained with fun firefights, intense battles, and even though i only played 3 hours i know i will get many more out of it8.5/10"
,Recommended,270150,9495194,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Clump,"top down shooter, fun with lots of players.4.2/5 apples in my♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,270150,25120302,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TyrannosaurusRekt,"Great game, active devs, very mod-friendlyDefinitely worth the price9.5/10"
76561198031316070,Recommended,270150,12496161,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Silverleaf,"It's a good game, like battlefield but with isometric view. I enjoy this game"
,Recommended,270150,25126143,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,UIRR | Kazzer,"Great experience for a large-player PvP/PvE game!I did not know exactly what to expect when I downloaded this today but after a few hours playing PVE online, I'm hooked! You are a single, disposable soldier among hundreds, storming the enemy's territory and wiping them out along the way. The top-down shooting mechanics are familiar enough and while you're little more than fodder, its easy to get sucked in to the overall goal: your army is trying to out-maneuver the enemy to take valuable positions. The large maps are big enough to make each game unique in where the action takes place and there seems to be a real sense of camaraderie with the player base which is definitely refreshing.Very nice, much recommend."
,Recommended,270150,29123860,Posted: 8 January,all,Feeliks,Love it I played the demo a lot till I had the moneyThank you pigeonMAN and Jack for letting me meet the game
,Recommended,270150,22330645,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,OD [IZK SGT] NotGpless,Green: MURICA ♥♥♥♥♥ES FREEDONGrey:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ VIKTORIABrown: What the ♥♥♥♥ why am I even here?11/10 would take 100 hours to ♥♥♥♥ing capture a city from Grey Nazis as Russians and Ukrainians.
,Recommended,270150,22961668,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,wiktorpiotr01,perfect war game with realist shoting (u die with 2 shots if u have no armor)
76561198014153205,Recommended,270150,15317058,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,FoxOnTheFront,"If you love top-down shooters...this is for you! Plain and simple: engaging, fun, and tactical. Have a player join you in Co-op or join the masses to take on wave-after-wave of bots! And all for a fairly small price as well. A testament that good, quality games can come out for decent prices without the microtransaction scam. Very nicely made and quite enjoyable.EDIT: now with zombie and WWII and WWI mods!"
,Recommended,270150,32190045,Posted: 4 June,all,PhoenixRhapsody,"Fun game, very interesting, with lots of replayability with multiplayer."
,Recommended,270150,32209120,Posted: 5 June,all,Liberty Division,"Absolutley amazing game, especially with mods. That doesn't mean the game isn't great without mods, I played majority of this game without knowing you could get mods! All around great game!"
76561198302374673,Recommended,270150,32477383,Posted: 16 June,all,Racist Grandpa,This game is a gift from the gods
76561198102809076,Recommended,270150,33301493,Posted: 5 July,all,Uzi nine millamida,"A suprisingly fun top down shooter. I picked this up on sale expecting to be one of those sales games you buy and then instantly regret. I was suprised to find a fresh and fast paced shooter. Also, I am glad to see that the devs haven't given up on the game and are still updating it. Cheap, fast paced, and fun, would recommend."
76561198149719749,Recommended,270150,32827193,Posted: 26 June,all,IceTechnician,"difficult to get into,increasingly fun,addictive in the aftermath for my part"
,Recommended,270150,17786483,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ymmat_in_the_hat,download the running with the dead mod to have 9 hour long matchs that go nowhere lmaogood game
,Recommended,270150,17739868,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,yosho,"A little pricey, but overall a great game, really fun.8/8 m8 u did gr8."
,Recommended,270150,17759906,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,CAZASNORE,"I found the one game I never knew I had wanted. This game is for anyone who has had that want/need to find a game where you are NOT the hero or more important character in the game. You are literally placed on the same level with the obviously really stupid AI soldiers that you happen to fight with. You will have to work and do things that actually contribute to the battle in order to gain any XP and the XP rewarded is not given freely. I like the fact that after 2 hours of fighting I am only ranked a Corporal or a Sargeant. You will be given the option to preform behind enemy line missions of assasinating/knifing(for more XP) enemy officers(who actually looks different then the grunts that he happens to be leading in a flank or a big push up the middle. You could also go and destroy enemy structures like fuel, water, raid stashes, etc etc. Or you can jump into the grinder and die many times as you assault the enemy's line probing for a weakness or hole. Also vehicles feel overpowered(mowing down infantry foolish enough to leave themselves exposed for a second or two and can be destroy with 2 or 3 rockets(depending on where you hit them). This game will take a few hours to get down the whole line of sight, cover, terran and which weapons/faction suits your playstyle that makes it feel like a different battle every time I have played. (3 different battles on the same map felt different as the starting postitions are seem random and the bots don't act the same every battle.)"
76561198004686603,Recommended,270150,18008720,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"Great game!  It's like a top down battlield 1942 (but with modern weapons).  Great fun Co-Op as teamwork pays off, but still good fun in single player as well.  Lots of choice of weapons and equipment.Overall excellent action & tactical fun.Note: You will die ALOT and  you will kill ALOT."
,Recommended,270150,18229059,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,DeadofPool,"Novelty wears off pretty fast, good game but overall it's really ♥♥♥♥ing grating.'Specially when people TK you for♥♥♥♥♥♥you picked up to sell. Gameplay is solid, guns are good, cover system is overall good but a bit iffy sometimes. SP's a bit boring though, wouldn't play on coop because there's always those high levels who snatch anything the enemy Lieutenants drop when they see a lowbie going for it.10/10 game, 2/10 community.Update: Community is still bad and people who have put hundreds or thousands of hours into the game and theoretically have more cash than others in Multiplayer still gank all the sellable items that are worth anything, really can't recommend MP, no ones playing PVP still, and there's not really much content that has been added. Still a fun game but with no significant updates, and community is still kinda poor with no real -steady- ways to earn cash in Coop.Stick to singleplayer, honestly."
,Recommended,270150,19005630,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Zex Eios,"Running With Rifles is like regular war only in order to gain the ability to call artillery strikes and get better equipment, you have to salvage horny magazines and booze.RWR is an RPG-style top-down shooter. Your mission is to take over enemy territory until you are the only faction with territory left on the map. Pretty straight-forward, but it's easier said than done. If you're playing with vanilla settings (the way it should be), you'll find that going rambo like in all those other games won't work. At all. Working with all the other soldiers in the army is absolutely necessary if you want to succeed. You'll start as a grunt; not much more than cannon fodder. But as you learn the mechanics of the game and start killing off more than 2 troops a life, you'll gain ranks and soon, you can command your own squadron. When you get here, you won't need to follow the commander's orders that much; instead you think you could do more damage by leading a strike squad to that isolated base over there. From an expendable troop to a valuable leader - that's where the beauty of this game lies. Another important piece of this game lies in the RP (Resource Points) system. Using resource points, you can change your equipment as well as call down support from HQ in the form of artillery, paratroopers, etc. Getting RP requires you to gather information on enemy vehicles, capture territory, and safely delivering that chewing gum you found back to base. But the most important thing to remember about RWR is that it's all about tactics. If you and the enemy are locked in a stalemate, maybe you should try flanking them while they're preoccupied with your allies. If you've got a silenced weapon, put that to use by sneaking into the enemy base unaware. For an kinda silly game, RWR is perhaps one of the best war simulations to have ever been created."
,Recommended,270150,19525489,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,1ce,Very funny top-down shooter with alot of content.8/10
76561198047688224,Recommended,270150,19685368,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jak,This is one of the best pick up and play games on the market. A must buy for time wasting.
76561198036955675,Recommended,270150,20077757,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FREEDOM!!!!!,"Private Edwin Williams was no soldier. In fact, he cried like a newborn girl when he receivedtheletter, the sole piece of paper that every man dreaded. He was drafted, without ever given a chance to truly say goodbye to his loved ones. Edwin pushed his feelings far behind his mind; he had much more pressing matters at hand. ""1 minute!"" shouted Benny Adams, his tough-as-nails Sergeant.How could I get out of this one?Edwin asked himself. Was he ready for his first battle, ready for his first kill? Whether it was his body quivering uncontrollably, or the vibration from the squad's armored vehicle, he was unsure. He glanced quickly from side to side, gazing at his comrades' petrified faces. His hands gripped tightly at his rifle. His lungs rose and fell rapidly, sucking in as much air as possible. ""Oi, Private Edwin!"" called Corporal Douglas Smith, his cocky, dauntless comrade. ""I think we have a traitor in our midst."" Edwin stared at him, puzzled. ""See,"" continued Smith, who sat on the left side of the vehicle. ""Brownpants!"" Smith bursted out laughing, but Edwin detected a faint shakiness in his voice. He checked his weapon for the umpteenth time. ""Brownpants, 12-o'clock!"" shouted Sgt. Adams, whose voice was immediately seceded by a barrage of bullets, which splattered against the heavy vehicle. Douglas burst into another laugh as the rain of bullets continued to wreak havoc on the armor. ""OMG! Rocket!"" the Sergeant screamed. The rocket exploded on the left side of the vehicle, and suddenly, the Corporal's pestering laugh ceased forever. Light flooded through the new hole in their previously armored vehicle. Edwin, alongside his Sergeant and the rest of the squad (minus Douglas), jumped out, screaming as they unleashed their weapons. All of Edwin's fears, all his sadness, disappeared as he prepared to slaughter the Brownpants. His teeth grinded together, his hands tightly clenched his weapon, his eyes gazed forward. He stood up, screaming as he trained his weapon towards the enemy squad. There were nine of them, all looking at him...SFC. Quincy Brooks was a good soldier. he had 4 men under his command, and was leading his squad to flank the Brownpants at the beach.This plan will work, this plan has to work, he assured himself. He and his men hid behind the shelter of a large rock. He peeked ahead, spotting a large Brownpants infantry squad. His men made ready, and double-checked their ammunition. Suddenly, Brooks gave the order, and they charged forward, screaming like mad men. The Brownpants hesitated and positioned themselves to defend, giving the fellow Greenbelts the perfect opportunity to strike from the front. A barrage of grenades and bullets mowed the infantry squad down. Only one enemy soldier remained, who cowered into the sandbags. He spoke something quickly, and sounded like, ""This is Brown 2-1.""Probably trying to call for reinforcementsBrooks mused to himself. He aimed his rifle and popped the guy twice in the chest and once on the head. Everyone jumped with joy and fired their guns in the air. ""We did a bang-up job now, didn't we, Cap?"" said Corporal Jenkins, Brooks best soldier in his squad. ""Wait... Everyone shut up!"" Quincy shouted. A certain hum was in the distance, and suddenly, it grew loud. The roars were followed by the distinct whistle of falling bombs. SFC Quincy Brooks knew exactly what that Brownpants had called...SFC Jonathan Kingsley was a good soldier...12/10 Would make awsome soldier death stories again."
,Recommended,270150,20964370,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,"[FC] Nebchan, Anime Man","fun fun fun fun fun game please play its great, although multiplayer is a bit dead"
,Recommended,270150,25174052,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Zeterman,10/10 would stab POWs to get promoted again
76561198074328767,Recommended,270150,15325476,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bilbo Swaggins,Awseome game but some of these maps are a ♥♥♥♥♥ to fight through. on one server we played tug of war over the same plaza for 45 minutes we attack they attack lot like real war.
76561197970336158,Recommended,270150,18381566,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Kiesel,"This game is awesome. It may not look like much but it really is a blast. Just sad that it has not many players, but that's understandable, because:As fun as it is, there isn't much that holds you there after you've played it a few days. The devs say that they don't want it ""flashy"", but I thnk it could use some more flashiness. A skilltree or other unlocks would greatly help this game in keeping players in.Destroyable and buildable environment would make it a sure hit, but as the devs stated, that's not possible with this engine. To bad... anyways, I recommend playing it, it's well worth the money."
76561198031248354,Recommended,270150,18423526,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,cheunga22,"Casual action with a surprisingly complex tactical system.  Run'n gun is mostly suicidal.  Cover and positioning matter a lot, and there's nothing quite like leading a squad around to hit the enemy in the flank.  Multiplayer is complete blast.  It's a ton of fun."
76561197986572155,Recommended,270150,12457888,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,evilleMonkeigh,"This is a game that definitely qualifies as a ""hidden gem.""In this top-down shooter, you are a single soldier in a large battle.  It's a little like playing as a creep in a DOTA or LOL.  You die easily and often.  The game's controls are simple, however you just can't run in, blasting away and mowing down foes. You are no better or tougher than any other NPC soldier. You don't have magic regenerating health, special abilities or OP weapons. In fact you don't even have a health bar - although equipping a flak jacket does make you more survivable.You join the Green, Grey or Brown factions as they push to capture bases, across a wide selection of large maps.The game has charming cell-shaded graphics, and I like that the soldiers use amusing speech balloons rather then repetitious voice responses.  Seeing a speech bubble ""OMG grenade!"" pop up before a tint cell-shaded soldier is thrown in the air is amusing - to hear it said aloud 100x would be less so.Despite it's inherent simplicity, the game requires some thought. You can't ""rambo"" in with magic regenerating health, special abilities or OP weapons - though you can ""earn"" better equipment in game, or loot it off fallen friends or foes.  You are not the Chosen One. You are, in fact, just another one of many tiny pixellated warriors on screen.  You are reliant on you wits (hopefully better than the AI) and ability to select and swap equipment.  You will need to crouch, prone and find cover just like a FPS. It plays more like ARMA than the top-down bullet hell arcade games it resembles.  It somewhat reminds me a little of a much deeper, more fully-fleshed out version of the assault mode from Company of Heroes: Tales of Valour (with many times more weapons, actions, options and maps).It is ""early access/beta"" but seems fully functional to me - definitely there' s $10 worth of game, with singleplayer and multiplayer.  I have no real complaints, although I'd wouldn't mind seeing more options for controlling your squad.EDIT: I would wholeheartedly recommend this game except for the VERY poor online/multiplayer connectivity. I don't mind that dedicated servers are dead (it's a small indie game); I DO mind the lack of friends list/easy way to connect with your friends.  In fact it's worse than most 90s games - you need to access your router to ""forward your ports"" - not something everyone has access to. Or could indeed be bothered with.(The game FAQ says ""ensure your ports are properly forwarded - we're not going to explain, google it"" - a arrogant and douchey attitude.)   Most people would try to log on, read this, say ""screw it"" and move on to another game.  A more user-friendly multiplayer is needed for this game to grow.8.5/10, downgraded to 6/10 for very poor multiplayer tools/accessibility, in a game that cries out for a good multiplayer community."
,Recommended,270150,34526558,Posted: 27 August,all,stephanepi1,Fun...But it doesn't take a long time before being shot. Hard to win experience point to gain access to heavier weapon.It's good to play 1 hour or so between study session.
,Recommended,270150,32500786,Posted: 17 June,all,NathanielBlack,The best Battlefield of the series..Very fun game with great mods to play after beating the main campaign.
,Recommended,270150,34571373,Posted: 29 August,all,Marker013,Great if you like deploying cover and dropping airstrikes.
,Recommended,270150,32004543,Posted: 27 May,all,DorianRaker,"I'm unapologetic in my love for this game. If I've got fifteen minutes, I've got a game of running with rifles. Gameplay is tactical as you like; I've mounted black-op style commando raids under ghillie suits with silenced weapons and C4, and I've run Leningrad style meat-grinder assaults on objectives. Both have been a blast. And with the mod support out there, I don't see myself getting tired of it anytime soon."
,Recommended,270150,19081214,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Amphore,░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,270150,23031040,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wickedcoolguy1,Base game is fun.  Workshop makes it better by adding zombies and aliens.
,Recommended,270150,23024654,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,[Zorx]-KizzouUl,My pe'nis  approve this game !Go buy it foolish !
76561197961760124,Recommended,270150,9605978,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Operator,I bought this on impulse and didn't get up from my computer for 4 hours straight.  Most fun I've had in a long time.
,Recommended,270150,10409479,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[G4Y] st1nky,"I've only written I think one review before, and this was a while back. This game doesn't have a beta feel at all (There are some bugs still, but I can expect that from an open world game, and I'm positive they'll fix them). The graphics are gorgeous, the sounds are amazing, the combat is insanely fun.It's not too often in games when you have the feeling of ""Well, now I'm f**ked."" when everybody else around you has died. I was trying to sneak off behind enemy lines, and just as I was being surrounded by 15 enemies, I heard gunshots coming from the west...It was reinforcements. That feeling of seeing enemies pushing up from all around, leaving you to kill as many enemies as you can until you die...Or get reinforcements, is just so fun.I also had a laugh as to how the dev's made a joke of when the AI sometimes has difficulty driving around obstacles (There will be wreckage throughout the map). The drivers will say stuff like ""Uh, I can't drive."". I do know that you're able to pop your head over cover and shoot from there, but I'm not sure if you're able to shoot around cover. But regarding the cover, I was surprised when I was taking cover behind my jeep, and I was able to set up my LMG  to shoot through the two side doors/using the drivers seat as a mount.This game is action packed, beautiful, intense, and just an all-around fun game.Definitely worth the $10; GET IT."
,Recommended,270150,16528278,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Afrocado,"It is a nice game but alot of times i feel the controls are just aweful. The controls are not that bad at first but i got sick of it very quick. This is also like that for the game itself, it gets very repetetive in the campaign and the same for multiplayer of course.Buy it if it is on sale."
,Recommended,270150,25222183,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sully,Great top-down shooter. I'm used to first person and haven't played top-down shooters before but I really enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,270150,26185807,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,SwedishBastard,One of the best top down shooters yet.Its not too mmo but you can tell its a little bit mmo styleBut really this games way worth the price.10/10
,Recommended,270150,18233398,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Generic Blonde Loli,I called in for a tank drop from the air and accidentally crushed half my squad with it.10/10 would join my squad again.
,Recommended,270150,19813643,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dr.Darth,ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME! tons of fun for its price and is greatly balanced!
76561198088230278,Recommended,270150,19824879,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Capt.Bouthillette,This game is one of the best games I have played.I like how you have thousands of other AI soldiers fighting with you.I really recommend this game.
76561198167389131,Recommended,270150,17459860,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Jorum,i realy like the game because its fun and entertaining but to bad that there are almost no other players on servers
76561197990127264,Recommended,270150,24018986,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,spitfirem21,"Simply put, Running With Rifles is fantastic.After a few hours of play it has brought back that nostalgic feel of playing Battlefield 1942 in a friend's basement, trading off every round, replaying the same map endlessly because each battle was different. Running With Rifles captures this classic, comic-book style of gameplay perfectly, and can be played in such a manner as well, not to mention the online capabilities.The game functions on a game mode similar to Battlefield's ""Conquest"" mode, where players fight over a control point until they caputure it, forcing the enemy back to another controlled point. The large maps and huge number of NPC's make the battles chaotic and interesting. Ocassionally battles with certain settings will end up bottlenecking at certain points, but this forces you to try new tactics. From vehicles to airstrikes, and not to mention a pretty cool selection of mods, this game has a lot of replay, and I can see myself sinking a lot of time into this one when I'm looking for a quick action game. The arcade style and quick match setups let you play a fast match or an epic battle, and you won't even realize how long you've been gaming.Pros:-Simple, but well done graphics.-Classic, comic-book style gameplay-Nice complement of mods.-Easy to pick up and play.-Great multiplayer community.-Great optimization.-Great for gamers looking for a fast paced just for fun game.Cons:-Certain chokepoints are unwinnable when outnumbered.-AI doesn't always attack the same position as you, sometimes stands idle.-Not for gamers looking for a story or a profoundly ""deep"" game - it is classic run-and-gun.-Does not do my taxes.I got this game on sale, but I would gladly pay full price. Play it if you want an arcade style run-and-gun. You'll love it."
,Recommended,270150,21656185,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ikon3d,"Listen up maggots!You need only 1 bullet to die!You gonna respawn endlessly.You gonna rank up from PVT to a General.With the ranks-you get soldiers un under comand.So grab your gun and go find someone to kill!Its like top-down Arma, realy-game is sooo gooood in many different ways-that you totaly need to try it yourself.P.S. Check the Demoooo"
76561198038686511,Recommended,270150,9796919,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Johno0108,"Suprisingly addictive and fun to play top down shooter ,hilarious at times and challenging. Pity multiplayer is pretty much dead but all in all 8/10"
76561198011514375,Recommended,270150,9767087,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Ronnek,Imperial guard simulation 2014
76561198042227916,Recommended,270150,9751246,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,mathews.tk421,"One of the most exciting games to come out of Greenlight in awhile. RWR is a top-down tactical shooter with incredibly high AI populations and a one-of-many mentality that keeps you moving from cover to cover, instead of blazing through running and gunning. The maps are expansive, well populated, and pretty. Everything in this game is largely polished, keeping in mind that it IS still in beta.Most importantly, the developers keep an incredibly close dialogue with us Beta players through the forums and server play. As a player suggesting changes, it feels like the devs are really listening! (often giving you direct feedback in the forums lettign you know whether your suggestions are feasible).Running with Rifles is a game to keep your eye on, as it only gets better with each update!"
,Recommended,270150,20186468,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,lightbringer,battlefield topdown.Very good
76561198046838637,Recommended,270150,16534751,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,HereticPruder,This game makes me hard... to kill.
,Recommended,270150,9509842,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Gamerofthegame,It's okay.
,Recommended,270150,13158166,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Exocore,If you are looking for something new this is a game for you but for you that dont i suggest to find anothe game
,Recommended,270150,15336046,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Git Gud,best GAME EVEER!
,Recommended,270150,13523471,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Alman,"This game is great and you should definetly pick this game up on a sale. The combat is good and variety of maps, weapons and enemies makes it even better. What I would say is add a cheat for infinite RP. I get anoyyed not being able to get alot."
76561198184139638,Recommended,270150,26170524,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,pugmugdug,10/10 active admins
76561198079108473,Recommended,270150,13679292,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RetroVolpe,"Ran across the map to get an APCGot it stucktook half an hour to get it outfinally got it out, drove to the frontlineTeamates at frontline immediatley swarmed it and kicked me outwent to get it backran over by driver11/10"
76561198055976630,Recommended,270150,32675271,Posted: 23 June,all,Can Of ForTuna,"this is a very good game to play offline. if you ever played ravenfield, it feels sorta like that. the multiplayer may be fun, havnt tried it yet, i dont have the best internet. but i do know one thing, the config files are easy to manipulate and are fun if you can pull it of, allowing you a ton of freedom to just mess around with the stats of guns.gameplay - strait forward, kill kill kill, if you have more troops in an area than the enemy you win. there are about 500 guns but you will only mess around with about 10 of them. the spawns for the rare guys carrying the rare guns are so few and far between. what the game needs is scaling, as you get a higher rank, more corperals will spawn. there are vehicles, but they are deathtraps. running around leads to least deaths. it feels like a arma-ravenfield hybrid.campaign - you go from area to area liberating each spot. its a giant tug of war, but if both sides were even. you have to put in effort to cap an area later on.get it on sale, it is good to kill time, after about 20 hours, you'll get bored only to return days later."
,Recommended,270150,29597973,Posted: 30 January,all,Thiquan,I only played a little. Great Game!
76561198060612816,Recommended,270150,32693738,Posted: 23 June,all,"Essence, Evolution","This game is great and well worth 15$, one of the most enjoyable games for it's base price. For 5$ on sale, it's a steal for sure. The art style is amazing, there is no worthless tacked on DLC (and the DLC that will be coming is going to basically add a whole new era to the game), no microtransactions, no grinding, nothing is brokenly overpowered, tonnes of mods that work offline and on servers, it's wonderful and some of the most fun I've had with friends.The early ranks will feel a little restrictive but you'll gain EXP and RP (in game points to call down things like tanks and artillery) pretty fast. There are also tonnes of cool guns you can collect and feel really proud for getting them and living to tell the tale. The online community only really plays PvE and not PvP (outside of events) and this put me off at first but I think PvE is actually really fun.If you like to mod you can host servers for just you and your friends to play on so all mods can be played offline and online, and there are tonnes of great mods that add a new twist to the game. If you see this over the Summer Sale, please get it and give it a shot, it's amazing."
,Recommended,270150,30973354,Posted: 5 April,all,Cernunnos,One of the best games I ever played.It is fun and may (or may not) provide you some challenge.I recomend. :)
,Recommended,270150,30949015,Posted: 4 April,all,Lokaror,"A tactical over the top shooter. Game is crazy fun in singleplayer, and great with friends as well. With a pretty decent modding community and a great base game i can see this game being a long term game for alot of people. Very fun, i reccomend"
76561198048417808,Recommended,270150,30926140,Posted: 3 April,all,ROFLwut?,"Fun game but very repetitive and the AI vehicle pathfinding is some of the worst I've ever seen, slightly better than Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising - it seems to do okay with a clear path but if you put any sort of obstacle in it's way it goes all short bus on you. Unlike OF:DR, though, at least it actually knows where the road is and tries to correct itself when it needs to.Contrary to the store page description, the cover system is not realistic, not even remotely so. Basically, hide behind cover and you can't get shot... except you can't shoot over rocks unless you stand or around corners unless you crouch. Low walls are hit and miss with no clear indication other than a practically invisible trajectory marker that you can shoot over or around anything at all. There are other issues, too, but you could argue that they're less about cover and more about ballistics.I guess it's not a big deal. I didn't buy the game for it's realistic cover system and I never expected it to be realistic, anyway, despite what the store page says. It's just something that ought to be pointed out. All things considered, the game IS fun (and funny) to play so I'll recommend it, but I'm glad I got it on sale."
,Recommended,270150,32611604,Posted: 21 June,all,Saint Kelly™,This game is pretty amazing it really makes you feel like you're apart of a dynamic battle that ebbs and flows because of your actions.
,Recommended,270150,23929880,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Isaacalb31,"A pretty good game definitely worth buying (obviously on sale). It has a few flaws; main menu is a map so has a loading screen, some maps are practically imposible and the PvP multiplayer is dead (the coop is not dead)."
76561197993244723,Not Recommended,270150,24642440,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Valhammer,"The core gameplay is good, but the campaign is just flat out broken. The allied AI is completely useless, so no matter how well you play, you often end up in a stalemate that can last for hours. If you capture an area, there's no way of knowing if your AI is going to try to hold it. You don't even know if and when your allies will spawn. Sometimes there seems to be dozens of soldiers fighting by your side and you completely steamroll the enemy. Then they dwindle down and don't seem to respawn for a long time. The enemy then recaptures their areas and you're back where you're started. The allied general and your troops also doesn't seem to have a clear goal. They just mill around, camp your base, occasionally attack the enemy target, but ultimately there's no cohesion or plan of attack. This results in a complete inability to execute attacks or defend areas.The enemies also seem to instantly respawn, so you never really feel like you're gaining ground, and killing enemies feels pointless. You can defeat an entire enemy squad, but 20 seconds later, they'll return. It's just a grind where you try to hold an area long enough to capture it, then hoping that the terrible AI will reinforce you and help you defend the area.The game is so full of potential, but the tactical side is just stripped out of the game due to the poor AI and gameplay mechanics that boil down to mowing down a constant stream of respawning enemies. It's just a frustrating grind."
76561198037561236,Recommended,270150,28917507,Posted: 1 January,all,Staxx,Played it for a while.Great game
,Recommended,270150,30933118,Posted: 3 April,all,hail to the king,Wanted to write an essay for school.Wanted to have more than 4 hours of sleep.Saw this game on sale....Didn't write the essay and I won't go to school tomorrow.10/10
,Not Recommended,270150,33182984,Posted: 3 July,all,Monocle Tea Horse,"As much as I want to recommend it, it's not the shooter I thought it would be. I had high hopes, and had hyped mself for the game after putting of the purchase for so long. It's a rather dry shooter that honestly I couldn't get into due to its lack of depth. If you wanted more items you had to grind for them, which, with what your given, it not worth it at all. This is not a game I would be willing to grind. As much as I don't like to say it, I'm adding this to my unrecommended pile. Sorry, RWR."
76561198025010678,Recommended,270150,22859411,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Caged Nicolas,"Reminds me of cannon fodder, in the best way"
,Recommended,270150,13191239,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,<Kirby />,This game is amazing and I love it
76561198071642780,Recommended,270150,15193411,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Nickolas the clown,This might be the best game ever
76561198122683213,Recommended,270150,25937411,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SubSeven,-Start the game-Got promoted to corporal-Call a single mortar strike-Mortar strike hits my comrade-Got demoted to private first class10/10 would do friendly fire again
76561198083021786,Recommended,270150,23424366,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,(NW)Professional Chicken,Best time waster game so much fun I now play this everday
76561198078843438,Recommended,270150,13196673,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Zambo,"Didnt even play the demo 5 minutes and i bought it.I give this game a ""HELL YES out of 10"""
,Recommended,270150,30055654,Posted: 20 February,all,Captain Cavitation,Name is accurate.I ran with rifles
76561198148729161,Recommended,270150,15188238,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Durban-Poison,"Good but f*cking hard, ive been playing 2 hours and i havent even got past the first area."
,Recommended,270150,31430170,Posted: 28 April,all,ScriptedEntity,"Fast paced epic warfare, without the ptsd"
,Not Recommended,270150,33022380,Posted: 29 June,all,Seraph,"Damage system is fundamentally stupid in this game. Every weapon class has a probability, meaning you'll inevitably just use the sniper rifle so you can hit something.Friendly AI is rubbish, which makes the game incredibly difficult because you need them. You can't be everywhere at once. They're supposed to hold points you've captured.I played to the three-way battle map. Played that map for about 3 hours before I gave up. You take a point, lose a point, take a point lose a point. When you're capping team A's point, the third team caps your other point. It was at this point that I realized this game was just an excessive grind with little to no reward. Also for some reason the game didn't show me I had any squad mates until I was a lieutenant. So, I went from zero squad mates to 7.TL; DR: An interesting game with lots of potential ruined by bad AI and terrible damage mechanics."
,Not Recommended,270150,30799128,Posted: 28 March,all,Mute,If you came here to experience the awesome large-scale PVP battles you may have seen in Youtube videos you will be disappointed. PVP is basically dead and limited to some occasional events while everyone just plays coop vs bots for loot and rank.
76561198071854424,Recommended,270150,10679518,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hyper_Dan,"If you like top screen games, this is a must! Big maps, hundreds of troops on the battlefield. The variety of weapons and accessories are increasing with almost every uptade. Tanks, deployable machine guns, mortar strikes, paratroopers, everything that you need in a war game. The single player mode is fun, but the multiplayer is the best, especially with friends."
,Recommended,270150,15261250,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,LegendofRobbo,Sean connery gets a wrench stuck in his anal hole: The Movie: The Game
,Recommended,270150,23375250,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Yae,Gameplay+Workshop Even MORE FUN :D
,Recommended,270150,23399429,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Career Autist,yes.
76561198169119293,Recommended,270150,25400946,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,XxwizardxX,"Cool,needs more maps"
,Recommended,270150,28884570,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lorentzeus,"I made my friends buy this game, they did not like it, now I don't have friends. What did I do wrong?"
76561198001807994,Recommended,270150,13860933,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Crudux Cruo,"Its a really simple shooter if you just wanna sip coffee and plink around for 30 minutes at a time. easily gets monotonous and is just flat out a time waster. after a while, you'll notice its a waste of time, and decide to retreat to more engaging games. This is just about as mindless as it gets."
76561198031097891,Recommended,270150,29538797,Posted: 28 January,all,Phøεηix,This looks like a really decent fun game but sadly I couldn't play it due the small size of the visuals (being short sighted sucks). There is no way to increase them either so just keep that in mind if you plan on buying this game. Gave this review a thumbs up because it's not fair to give a game a bad wrap just because I couldn't play it. :)
76561198202652618,Recommended,270150,24726282,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,plevsj,This game is so fun! Everything about it is so great and its worth every penny. Haven't found any other shooting game quite as good as this!Tutorial could be a little better but otherwise its great.Keep up the good work:)
,Recommended,270150,25140786,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dschincz,"I played many (like a lot) games before, most games manage to bore me already after the first hour.This game, actually, is fun.A proper tutorial for newbies would be nice though."
76561198299957123,Recommended,270150,29144252,Posted: 9 January,all,lolgamer,"I realy like the game and the gameplay is very fun. The campaign is also very nice and multiplayer and co-op are even nicer,I only played for a couple of days but already realy like it,"
76561198152045143,Recommended,270150,22924914,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Big Bosses left toe,one of the best games in my library but add more guns radio commands and maybe aircraft like helis and planes but still STROOOOOOOOOOOOOONGLY recomend it
76561198197149778,Recommended,270150,22946267,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bloodredfox,i love this game possibly best one ever but i want to know how to setup a multiplayer co op server for me and my freind
76561197993544482,Recommended,270150,15307570,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Varjoherra,Sooooooooo much fun!!!! Like Amiga's Cannon Fodder but 10 times better 10/10
,Recommended,270150,15205311,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,FrenzyMode,"Running with rifles is hands down the most interesting game I have played in awhile. It seems like a simple game, but the depth of the combat system is realized after playing a couple hours.Vs AI, the game makes it so even the best of players have to be careful. One shot usualy means death, and you smile when a shot hits you but somehow it was not lethal (there is a kill probability). Other times you scream at your monitor when your shot hits but doesn't kill, and the enemy only shoots you once and you die. The AI is surprizingly good, and the game is addicting even only in single player.The game's combat system is rewarding when you are experienced, there are a lot of different tricks and game mechanics you will learn while playing online/offline. For example, it may seem like silenced weapons and stealth is not implemented in the game, but oh boy it sure is implemented. Silenced weapons attract less agro, crouching and going prone make it harder for the enemy to spot you unless you are a couple feet away. When you are firing a non-silenced weapon behind the enemy lines, literaly a horde of 40 enemies come swarming you from the base. With a silenced weapon, only the closest people to the guy being shot at start looking for you, and if you stop firing, they will soon cut off the chase (unless you are in plain sight and not hiding) and start going back to walking around.On the official dominance server, there are many different playstyles that are all rewarding. Sniping is very intense. You hide on top of buildings, snipe other players, and the best part is when another sniper decides to counter snipe (or you yourself initiate the challenge). The sniping duels are amazing, sometimes it ends with one distinct shot that kills the opponent, other times it is a game of hiding behind cover, maneuvering, and setting up a area to snipe.There is not much to complain about this game, but there are still some cons. First of all, the spawn truck. Online, new players drive the spawn truck as if it were any other expendible vehicle. Spawn trucks can only spawn players when they are not near a firefight, so it should be kept behind the frontlines. When a spawn truck is deployed, new players get into the driver seat and bring it to the firefight, so it either dies or spawn is disabled. This makes it so allies have to spawn at a far away base and have to walk for awhile.The game has a well built singleplayer, but playing co-op or pvp on the official servers is where it shines best.9/10 Solid and Addicting Experience"
76561197971069215,Recommended,270150,15315529,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,To Boldly Go,"Running With Rifles is a fun game to play, whether you like playing Single Player or Multi-Player.  I recommend playing the Single Player tutorial to learn the game mechanics (they're easy, but it isn't intuitive that you need to press the same key to throw C4 as for a grenade for example).  Multi-player in RWR is a blast.  Dozens of players swarming all over the map, cartoon soldiers throwing grenades and shooting away... good times.  Worth buying if you can get it on sale or are OK with the asking price."
,Recommended,270150,10368605,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,(((GTO))),got ptsd10/10 would play again
,Recommended,270150,24448572,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Demon Jew,"This is a super fun game. If u got some extra cash and dont know what to get, i recomend running with riflesHours of fun!!"
76561198258911893,Recommended,270150,23370864,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mjorn the Discount Warlord,"One of a kind.Now you can relive Army Men, 2015 edition."
,Recommended,270150,10306778,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Confucius,"For my first impression, it's a nice, very fun game with a different feel than most shooters. You aren't top dog anymore in this game. You're just an ordinary soldier, in an extraordinary war. This game is unlike Call of Duty or any of those types. The AI are smarter on both sides. They can do everything a player can. I'm not very good with reviews, but I recommend this game to anybody who wants a different style to the shooter genre. 9.9/10"
,Recommended,270150,24335843,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,LazyJack,<3
76561198118704712,Recommended,270150,24052651,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,andre2001roger,"Cheap, fast , good concept"
76561198094908259,Recommended,270150,24680241,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Supreme Leader,"Running With Rifles is a great game, perhaps one of the best RTS games and definitely the best Top-Down Shooter. In this game, there are campaigns. In a Campaign you have a set of area to capture, whether it be a little camp or an entire airbase. Each area has a unique layout, allowing you to use many stratgies to overtake the enemy and capture the area. There is no set layout, you have an option of choosing whatever weapon you want. However, each weapon costs a certain amount and can only be unlocked via rank or by returning Enemy Cargo Trucks/Suitcases. Overall, I recommend this game to people who are interested in Top-Down shooters or Real Time Strategy Games. This game is  well worth my money."
76561198038089874,Recommended,270150,12995017,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Crusader_King_Sam,"Very nice maps, varying from trenches to towns.100+ bots on a server if you're playing alone.Matches are very enjoyable and can go from winning to losing within seconds"
,Recommended,270150,26754245,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,neoghoul,"Comes across simple at first, but it's really not.*thumbsup* Would kill Vadim Putin again"
,Recommended,270150,25139941,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Rose Gold Peach,"> Spawns in> Shoots a person a couple times> Cool, a squadmate> Gets shot> Keeps shooting> Dies> Repeat"
,Recommended,270150,15242305,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dixie Fräulein,Starts gameFollow squad into small suburbsWaits for 30 minutes (doing nothing)Steals jeepDrives jeep into warzoneAccidentally runs over all friendliesEnemies take our only baseCAMPAIGN OVER9/11 Would run over teammates again
,Recommended,270150,23095082,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Officer Gator,I give 10/10 would get ran over by a dune buggy again
76561198062548066,Recommended,270150,29512785,Posted: 26 January,all,Pooptydoopty,You face true attrition.
,Recommended,270150,10308058,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Sparrow,"I usually don't write reviews with such a relatively small amount of time invested into the game, but I feel this game deserves it (also realizing that I can add to or subtract from it as the game develops).It IS in early access so it currently sits in an incomplete state.------SIMPLE OVERVIEW------The primary way of playing RWR right now is through the campaign. Here's what happens throughout the game. You spawn on a map, a very large map. You are a grunt in an army of hundreds of other grunts. You are not some super soldier able to waltz through and take on the entire enemy army. You are simply a lowly soldier following orders. At least at first. Killing enemies gets you xp which will rank you up as you play. This xp is persistent throughout the campaign. Getting ranked up allows you to attach 1 more ally to your own squad up to a max of 10 (at the moment). Once you reach a certain rank, you get a radio that you can use to call in paratrooper support, artillery, vehicles, etc. The higher your rank, the more available calls you have.  You use the game ""currency"" to ""buy"" these calls: RP or Resource Points. Resource points are obtained by capturing objective locations or completing side objectives or picking up and selling both gear and rare item drops from fallen enemies at the friendly armory on the map. Theat typical way you complete a mission is by capturing all areas on the map. Once that is done, extraction points open up to neighboring maps (you can see them in the top right of the current-map screen by pressing tab). The campaign as of right now is essentially to take control of all of these maps.Also, death is inevitable. When you die, you can either press space to spawn at the nearest spaw point or bring up the map to click on a spawn point manually (little yellow dots). Dying will remove a small amount of xp and rp. Also...your soldier gets a new name every time you respawn (not the same as your username in multiplayer) really adding to the feel that your just one disposable soldier among hundreds.------------That being said, I THOROUGHLY enjoy this game. Here's why:-PICK UP AND PLAY: The game's save system is quick and easy, and loading a save brings you literally right back to the moment you press ""save and quit"". The gameplay is simple and addictive.-DEEP GAMEPLY: Just because it's simple doesn't mean it isn't deep. This game is highly tactical and gets you thinking about how you will approach the objective both immediate and in the larger strategy being given to you by the commander who issues orders for the army, marking the next capture location on the map and the direction from which you will be assaulting. The depth of tactical choices to be made is compounded by your quite apparent mortality. You die very easily. Technically you have ""1"" health, but a more accurate way to put it is that each weapon has a certain kill percentage. In other words, each bullet that travels out of your gun has a certain percentage to be a lethal bullet. If that hits you, you're immediately dead. This can be temporarily circumvented by purchasing vests at an armory, but nevertheless you die very easily. Tactics are of utmost importance. The simple run and gun method does not work in this game. Again, this is because you are simply one among hundreds just like you.- HUGE MAPS: This may seem trivial, but I find the maps to be extremely good. There is constant fighting in different critical locations across the map, and you aren't ""forced"" to go to the location that the commander AI has marked on your map (though the majority of your forces will go there). You most definitely don't feel constricted to a single tactic in any given skirmish on the map.- CHARM COMIN' OUT THE EARS: This game's style is simply fantastic. The soldiers are made of little voxels and the overall feel of the game comes across as somewhat cartoony, but still has a kind of gritty and realistic feel while your playing. I think this is because the shapes are simple and so seem a bit cartoony, but the color palettes and lighting are very realistic. Not only that, but the battlefield changes as you play. Blood will start to stain the ground more where prolonged fights have taken place. Explosions leave grungy textures behind. Car wreckages from exploded vehicles begin to populate the field. It's really awesome to be on a map for a long time and see it change as you play.- ABOVE AVERAGE AI: I don't say this in a sweeping statement, but when it comes to fights they are fairly competent. With maps so large and with tactics being so necessary to success, the enemy really puts up a fantastic fight. It is definitely not an easy task to successfully conquer an entire map, especially in 3-way battles. They have their flaws, but overall the AI has a lot going for it so far.-BEST POTENTIAL FOR MULTIPLAYER I'VE SEEN IN A WHILE: The player base is simply not there yet (though there is usually one pretty populated server going most of the time with around 20-40 players in it [pvp still with a couple hundred AI as well]), but man if it ever does get there...wow. Having that large of a scale of ""mini-war"" (seems like everything gives a neat 'tiny' feel in the game) with the amount of available tactics to each human player would be simply beyond fun. Basically imagine an RTS without base building and one person is controlling each unit manually and with no boring simple right clicking (i.e. - keyboard and mouse moving and shooting). I have played a touch of multiplayer (currently bad internet :() and it was pretty fantastic! Anyway, it has amazing potential.-VERY MOD FRIENDLY: It doesn't have Steam Workshop support yet, but mods are already coming out. Some really neat ones, too. Someone has a mod that replaces some gun models with Warhammer 40k bolters. There's also someone working on a zombie survival mod as well. Maps can also be created by the community! The game is going to heavily support mods. Any game that does that always adds so much time to its lifespan and the community almost always ends up improving the game.-DEVS ARE SUPER FRIENDLY, SUPER ACTIVE, AND CONTINUOUSLY REPLY TO MOST COMMUNITY POSTS: 'Nuff said.------------Here are some negatives:- AI DRIVING/SOMETIMES PATHING: The AI simply cannot drive vehicles well at all. You don't want to be a passenger when the AI is driving. Their pathing is generally igood, but they don't handle ladders well. This can create a problem on limiting tactics on certain areas of certain maps, but this is VERY VERY VERY few and far between. Regardless, the AI can still be a bit wonky with ladders.- CAN NOT DIRECTLY CONTROL THE FLOW OF BATTLE: When the AI commander marks a new capture objective, the majority of your allies will assault that location and you can't change it. So if you think capturing a certain other location would serve better strategic purpose, it will be a lot more difficult to capture that location as the vast majority of your forces will be going where the AI commander marked. You can make it easier, but it will be very, very expensive through spending a LOT of RP on paratrooper reinforcement squads of 8 or 4.  This isn't ALL bad as I have personally made some strategic decisions with regards to capture order that was against the order of the AI commander and successfully pulled them off tactically speaking, and my decision, though difficult and costly, did actually help my team out greatly as it put us in a better position.- CAN NOT PLAY AS OTHER FACTIONS IN CAMPAIGN MODE RIGHT NOW: Fortunately this will be added...I think in the next patch (o.96) even..-MULTIPLAYER PLAYER-BASE NOT VERY LARGE: D:------CLOSING------I close with the mention of a small multiplayer player-base because the only way for it to grow is if someone like you, Mr. Reader, buys the game and plays it! The more buys, the more multiplayer, the more absolute amazingness! :DSolid 9/10"
76561198052716750,Recommended,270150,23265267,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,[A.M.] Snowy99,1. Spawn2. Run headlong into gunfire3. Get Shot4. Respawn5. Shoot things6. Die more7. Win8. MuricaI r8 it 8 outta 8 m8
,Recommended,270150,10748551,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kurtz,"Very addicting game. One of the few most polished bug-free Eary Access releases by far. You are just a random soldier thrown into a middle of a war zone. There is hardly anyone playing this online but who cares, the single player bots are some of the most smartest AI, they will flank you, throw grenades at you, set up barracides and attack/defend defences. $9.99 is a bargain as I would be happy to pay twice as much for this awesome indie game.This is a fun game that anyone will enjoy. I recommend RWR."
76561197998929569,Recommended,270150,19945610,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sir Edwards,It's fun. Give it a shot.
76561198257281755,Recommended,270150,21584466,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,winniethepoo,"One of the best top down shooter I have played. 10/10 Easy to learn and get better at, balanced gameplay and offline and online is availble and just as fun. A lot of action from chokepoints in the map and large scale battles happen quite often. Despite it being a shooter game, it also requires good strategy to overcome and defeat the enemy. Simple and easy to play ,worth the money (although it's not too much) and fun af :D"
76561198118668930,Recommended,270150,23077245,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mannstration,i had some trouble with crashes very early in the game. maybe its just me idk. looked like a good game though i still got a refund possibly a 6.5/8
76561198277652189,Recommended,270150,22999227,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ZERO,"Very good game, can play a very high, very like, and the price is very reasonable, it is worth!"
76561198071427188,Recommended,270150,23108117,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Celtic Wolf,DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!IssuesToo much FunFun MultiplayerFun ModsI don't like to have FUN
76561198070475322,Recommended,270150,19950514,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mandolin Man,"Lets make this quick and simpleis the game fun?Yes, Its like if battlefield was set in a top down enviorment?Is it worth the price?yeah, it is youll get hundred of hours of entertainmentDo dolphins sleep?Yes, dolphins are mammals and mammals infact do sleep"
76561198174324618,Recommended,270150,29268551,Posted: 15 January,all,Exantius Ligenberg,Nice Game!Love It!!! =w=
,Recommended,270150,25015242,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Krampus,Rock solid top down shooter.  Don't worry about dying for maximum pleasure.
,Recommended,270150,24032679,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rxg | Birdy,"This game is so fun, its shame such a smal dev team is working on it.It doesnt berate you for dieing, or coddling you and asking if you are okay after every death. It simply respawns you and boots you straight back into the fray.It is so simple yet so fun.Plus it has workshop support for easy installation of mods."
,Recommended,270150,18627252,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,dent308,Excellent Game! Lots of room for scheming. Hilarious multiplayer with a crew on comms.
,Recommended,270150,18671550,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Gulgari,Super fun game! Reminds me of the old Army Men games from 3DO.
,Recommended,270150,30811670,Posted: 29 March,all,CO240,"You run with rifles, and die then repeat"
76561198028927197,Recommended,270150,26137068,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Tom,Fun
,Recommended,270150,15229653,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Slaydolf Critler,"It looks like a fast paced arcade shooter, but it really is a rather careful game where if you step even too far around the corner, someone will shoot your foot twice and you will instantly drop dead. An excellent game for its price, RWR has more challenge than you'd expect."
76561198147167327,Recommended,270150,26704356,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,KidKat,great game but i wish there was more interaction with the bots
,Recommended,270150,18223541,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Fonix,"this game is just top down battlefield... even some of the maps are based on battlefield maps, really awesome game. i bought the game randomly for lulz and was pleasantly suprised at how cool it was."
,Recommended,270150,19579677,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"A simple yet excellent game, for what it is."
,Recommended,270150,19254367,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Someot,"Great game, for sure. Really fun and addicting if you have a good buddy or two to play with. I would recommend playing through a quickie on easy to get a feel for the game, and then starting a campaign and tweaking the difficulty until it's an even match between the ai teams. This forces you to play smart and your playing really impacts the game.Unfortunately, it kinda stops being so fun after about 2 campaigns, because nothing (xp and rp) carries over between games and once you get past 10,000 xp there's no incentive to level up really, because you unlock everything (I made it past 50,000 in a single campaign, so there's a lot of room for upgrades). After a while you just get bored and end up cheating yourself some rp and carpet bombing the map. Also a lot of the maps have quite a bit of blank space that really should be filled.This isn't really that bad though, because you can just come back in a month or two after the boredom has worn off and do it all over again. Also the devs are still updating it, so there's usually some new stuff to play around with.8/10, fantastic game but the replay value diminishes quickly. New campaigns and more unlocks past 10,000 xp would go a long way to improve the game, but it's still super fun as is."
,Recommended,270150,19344167,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SKYWARD,"So awesome! After playing a lot of FPS mainly this game is a well done refresher! Very well made, a lot of fun so far! Havent played MP yet but gonna play the COOP campaign with a friend and then PvP. Buy buy buy!"
76561197964542420,Recommended,270150,19345820,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Stumonster,"It's a great game to play with friends. It is fast paced like an FPS, but has the tacticality of a RTS. It also, unlike most modern, games puts up a challange. You can't just run and gun. You have to think about your approach."
76561197966887241,Recommended,270150,19100546,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,RedSkin,Pros:Fast game playSimpleShort matchesCustomizeable difficulty settingsCons:Small variety of weapons
,Recommended,270150,19256460,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The_joof,There is not enough love for this game. Lan a server and play for hours.
76561197980438182,Recommended,270150,19312111,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,IceXuick,"Awesom fun game with some indepth gameplay, but anyways overal fun! Nice mods make it even more interesting like ""Running with the dead""!"
,Recommended,270150,19166945,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Dennis,Sizeable maps and good top down shooting gameplay. You can have a squad and there's a multiplayer. Fun to mess around with for a while.
76561198108232301,Recommended,270150,24484428,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,savage babies cause 9/11,JUST YES.
76561198077304471,Recommended,270150,24528701,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MISTER ANDERSON,Great for those who love dying and being dead
76561198100479383,Recommended,270150,24376385,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,dadigorot,Got PTSD.
76561198089246165,Recommended,270150,24481002,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Vito,In my opinion the idea for this was great and the game it's self is great. The AI is amazing the amount of replay ability is amazing it's just a good game all around. Not to mention the great mods that already came out for this game. So buy this game if you can :)
76561198296100488,Recommended,270150,24487106,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,i cen't spall,great game about running with a rifle
,Recommended,270150,18421349,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kaywary,Its like running with a gun but actually it is a rifle
76561198116359557,Recommended,270150,18257499,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,⍟ Jerwin,"Better teamplay than any battlefeild.This is coming from a guy who has 300+ hours in both Battlefeild 3, 4 and Bad Company 2."
,Recommended,270150,17967062,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,AJ,"Im only currently almost 4 hours into the game, but I can easily tell it's going to suck me in for many many many more hours of gameplay. The urge to be promoted and be the highest rank on the battlefield keeps you playing, and especially the little bit of hidden humor as well.I can't wait to see what future updates bring to this game. I would recommend this game to everyone and their mothers."
,Recommended,270150,18194511,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,PVT. BEELZA,Amazing game but it could use more maps and different scenarios. A cool addition would be a zone to zone situation where you can swap between characters and push on different fronts to push the front line forward in one massive war.
76561198072209852,Recommended,270150,19167161,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Gun,Great game and endless fun. Too bad the games multiplayer is dead but the campaign is still redo-able.
76561198163221743,Recommended,270150,16964997,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,AmericaisAwesome,can u make mods for mac because i watch vids about mods and i want to play some. If so thanks! It is still awsome!
,Recommended,270150,15274346,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,-[HC]- Lashley1337,"Dope game, I shot my girlfriend with a rocket and she flew across a building. Buy it. K ty"
,Recommended,270150,26640954,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Billeh Crystal,"At one point i was crawling forward on the beach, taking ground very slowly but it felt like such a huge gain because we hadnt be able to advance for like an hour. We took the roof of strategic buildings and would add sandbags and machine guns and mortars, but would always lose them to heavy artillery strikes. Finally as a desperate move I had us flank upwards to a new building that overlooked a northern road parallel to ours that was in the enemy territory. We snuck in and I was on overwatch with a sniper and commanding ten AI men to go forward while another player was on the machine gun supressing the enemy. It was so fun. With the emboldened hold on the area our team's real players rushed in and started taking ground. I said to the machine gunner next to me to ""Take the next building"" and the instant i stood up he did too and we ran in together and slowly flanked the final point. It was one of the most authentic moments in a strategic war game that I've felt. No time limit, just win or lose. The whole match was around two hours."
,Recommended,270150,29465586,Posted: 24 January,all,DonARViox,"great game. love the concept, graphics and gameplay, so sad that mp seems dead."
76561198143421094,Recommended,270150,32801061,Posted: 25 June,all,{Art_Of_War}Minitialize,"In other similar games, you are a recruit who has undergone serious (secret) training meant to make you a super-soldier, capable of taking on enemy fire-teams to an entire company. All the while taking in bullets without a vest like you're some sort of soldier designed to be a fully-fledged badass.That is not the case in this game though, apparently.As said in this game's desc. You are another common soldier who has joined the army like your fellow brothers around you.""When you come under fire, you don't simply stand shooting at the enemy with courage. Because that's like getting a free-ticket to heaven'r hell. You obviously take the nearest cover, and return fire when you get the chance. When you raid a base, you don't go alone, you never do, you are not rambo in this sh*t, and you probably will never ever get to walk away a certain base with explosions going off of your back without looking back. When you know you're winning, don't get cocky, because everything is going smoothly is exactly the reason you need to watch out. Hell, how do you think i've made it this far? It's because of experience that shaped me to be who I have to be in this bloody war."" - Infantry JournalThese are just a few examples of how you should preferrably engage in combat.""When I first stepped onto my first mission, I was literally just a shooting target. While we were climbing up this certain hill, we suddenly came under fire. I desperately looked around to return fire to any visible contacts, but none. It was at this moment that I knew we ****ed up. The time when I knew that it was the worst possible time and worst possible place to be under fire. A lot of my own friends had their backs down the ground before I even reacted in time. They were dead before I realized we came under fire. What was I thinking? I don't know, I just went prone and pretended to be dead until the hill was bombarded with artillery, that I gained enough courage to stand up once again and continue with the assault. Though I felt remorse towards my fallen brothers and anger towards myself that I haven't been able to avenge them. That's in the past, at least."" - Infantry JournalTerrain is Vital in this game, they can serve as real purpose to cover a certain area from advancing enemy forces, or against your own. Because of the top-down aspect, terrain may be a little tricky to determine (particularly something that isn't easy to discern) but with time, you can get used to it.""If you thought you won the war, you haven't. But at least you won one of it's battles, for now. So cheers mate, and let's hope to god that we can win another tomorrow."" - Infantry JournalAfter you win a certain scenario, you are prompted to choose another scenario depending on where you started and how you want to play it. Thus, giving it a nice touch for me at least, which adds more to the open-world aspect. And speaking of open-world.""Winning a battle is like solving a problem. Say, Math, if you thought there's only one way to solve it, then you thought wrong. There's always multiple ways to win things over. Be it in style, or in secrecy. Be it underhanded or forthright it doesn't matter because really. It only matters who wins."" - Infantry JournalIt's not like war is supposed to be fair right? When one calls in an artillery barrage, you do too. If one decides to flank around an objective, you intercept and proceed to do the same. The open-world aspect in this game is really nice as it gives you more than one approach to win battles.""I don't know if it's just me, but, lately everyone else except me has been improving in their aiming. By quite a lot actually, just yesterday, I heard that our newest recruits turned into Seargents just after a single mission. RECRUITS, I'm writing to y'. Seriously mate, if things go like this for the next few days, i'm gonna fall behind. Well, time to get some PT."" - Infantry JournalAI in this game isn't really that ridiculous, but you can tweak how well they can Aim. Well of course there's some things you can tweak before you create a new Campaign here and there, but my point here is: AI in this game is quite good. Really good imo (In my opinion). It isn't perfect so to say, but it's quite good to keep Singleplayer plenty entertaining. That's just singleplayer, multiplayer is a whole other option. And it gets so much better.""I don't know if it's because of this never-ending war that it seems like we've disturbed the world's timezone for some reason. From time to time, the world stops for just a few milliseconds to just a few seconds. Veterans call this lag. I don't know what it means, but one of the veterans who was and is still a game addict-- that reminds me, he even brings his laptop around the battlefield-- says that it is a small fraction of a second that has been removed in this world because of the war coupled with bombs going of 24/7, which resulted in stopping time. If you ask me, it doesn't make even the slightest sense at all, but it's what's widely accepted which I think i'll play along for now."" - Infantry JournalIf there's just one complaint that I'd say, it's lag. Not that I'd ever demand the devs to optimize the game at all, but this is just something that can hinder gameplay when you're immersed in the battle so much that suddenly this lag bugs you, reminding you that it's just a game and it must make lag. Hopefully, I don't feel interrupted by this at all, but just a warning to those who are currently using a somewhat mediocre computer system. This game can make lag especially when you decided to put twice the amount of soldiers in the battlefield.Overall, i'd say this game is worthy of purchase. If you can wait for a sale, then wait. But if you just can't wait, and want to buy ASAP, i'd say, it's not a bad choice. Either-way, this game is worth it, and I'd recommend you to try it out.Oh and I almost forgot, this game is moddable. ;)""Everyone else has been putting attachments to their guns lately, I better put a new type of scope on my gun already"". - Infantry Journal"
,Recommended,270150,19089878,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Deus Aequus,Pretty good
,Recommended,270150,18536772,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,8=====D,"Everything is good if you don't get serious with the final mission II. It is meaninglessly hard and your skill does not help even a single bit of ♥♥♥♥.Interesting system, stylish graphics, good music, comfortable control, and fair flexibility.All in all, RWR is a good game, yet not worth $15."
76561197967861921,Recommended,270150,19080092,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,DustMan,"it might not be the prettiest game and has a few minor design flaws, but aside from that its a game i can easily recommend to anyone looking for a great coop experience.its arcadey fun with lots of tactical depth."
76561198004668480,Recommended,270150,19096943,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Lucius Black,This game is an absolute blast. Grab it while it's on sale.
76561198026870633,Recommended,270150,19113648,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Pear Pressure,Literally Battlefield with a top-down perspective
76561198186734763,Recommended,270150,19317518,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DK,This Is A Great Game Well Done i joined Gaming a few years ago but well done good work
76561198173224863,Recommended,270150,19401992,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pelt,Fun Stuff.
,Recommended,270150,19428303,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Coolcreeper1142,Its Fun but remember everyshot counts
,Recommended,270150,18669985,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,joker042,"Feels like Batllefield Bad Company but isometric and you'll get a squad to control (eventually). Great fun if you can jump on to a server with a few people or more. TBH, it could use some more players, but it deals well (most of the time) with pings of 100 to 200ms, and you'll usually find a US server with some people playing. Check out RWR Watcher, it will give you a notification when there is a good game going on.Give it a shot, it's the most fun I've had with an isometric game in ages. Perfect for a lighthearted game for someone who likes Batllefield, Planetside 2 or CoD."
,Recommended,270150,18877807,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Nephilim,"Did you love playing wargames with little plastic soldiers when you were a kid? Perhaps you still do? Who am I to judge? Either way, this game is definitely for you!RWR really captures the joy and playfulness of that familiar experience of messing around with little green toy soldiers. If you're considering purchasing this game and are currently thinking 'hmm, this looks like it's my kinda thing', rest assured it is because I went through the exact same thought process, bit the bullet and love it.Speaking of biting the bullet... this game can be quite brutal! Every hit has a 50/50 chance to kill you unless you're wearing armour, which only mitigates a few more hits, so be prepared to die regularly! It's no biggie.I've only played single player and can't understand why some reviews below say it's only good multiplayer; I can see how it'd be even better with a bunch of friends, but honestly single player is also immersive, fun and challenging. Sure, it takes some time to get used to how everything works, but that's part of the charm for me. Once you grasp the basics, the game's depth unfolds quite organically as you level up and unlock new options, begin to control a squad etc.I think the AI is really good, they use some pretty sneaky tactics and coordinate their attacks really nicely. You are never left with that feeling of the AI 'cheating', for example it's actually possible to sneak up behind some enemies and spray them with bullets before they magically notice you! I've seen much worse AI in some AAA games, so this is impressive to me.The game has a really nice, gentle humour that often raises a smile.Another thing I love about it is how balanced the weapons are. I often find myself going back to the humble assault rifle that is your default firearm even once I have access to higher level stuff, because it still has its place and your weapon choice is more about how you choose to play than one weapon being inherently better.I very rarely buy Steam games at full price as there are so many sales, but with a game like this I urge you to pay what the devs ask, as I did, so that this awesome team will continue to improve this game and also hopefully make more such games in future! The price is very reasonable anyway.Please keep up the good work, this is my new favourite game!"
,Recommended,270150,19081590,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,_Obviously_D1br0va_,the game is very good ut one thing is is that trenh levels are so slow and the small squad gets anoying till you have you and 3 other men but otherwise its a very good gameedit: they have speed up the trench warfare
,Recommended,270150,19238101,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kyrottimus,"Fun, Challenging, Chaotic, Hilarious.  Basically you're living the scenarios going through your head when you were playing with those little green plastic army men as a kid.  9/10"
76561198061007659,Recommended,270150,12633572,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Matt92099,great game should buy worth $10.00 when playing with friends
76561198018624619,Recommended,270150,13667514,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,That Canada,"Tl;dr (scroll down for pros and cons):This isn't your everyday top down shooter, this game includes some elements of RTS with squad management and well varied stealth gameplay, the world is yours for the taking as one of three factions (where there are FFA battles), if you're on the fence I would recommend buying this game or at least playing the demo.indepth:Running With Rifles is an excellent game worthy of being on anyones library list, its a fun game where you take the role of a lowly soldier in any of three major factions (based off of modern day Germany, Russia or the United States/United Kingdom/Canada/whatever). You have to be quick and careful there is NO HEALTH BAR, instead every bullet has a chance of killing you this forces you to use cover where and when possible as well as crouching as well as going prone to make you a smaller target.The objective of the game is to capture all the bases on the map (usually) usually however each team will be attacking a particular base instead of troops mindlessly walking into each others base, however that is not to say that you and a team of troops can't go behind enemy lines and capture one of their bases with less guards, or better yet go to those bases with explosives and take out important structures for logistical support such as mortar ammunition and oil depots. Stealth is a legitamate method of playing this game as there is a fairly solid stealth system in place where you need to creep around without being seen, there are silenced weapons to make your job easier, nothing feels more rewarding then sneaking into an enemy base undetected, placing C4 on their radio tower, fuel deposits and mortar ammunition and blowing it all sky high and getting out undetected.The most important thing I like about this game is that no matter what you're doing it always feels fun, whether your leading the charge on foot or in a tank against a hotly contested base or assembling a crack team of players and going behind enemy lines to sabotage their operations it always feels like your doing something and that you're contributing to the team. The AI can also be very smart able to perform flanking manovers in fast moving vehicles severely limiting your operations or in fire-fights the AI is very careful to surround you then attack making it a challenge to face up against them. That said the AI can also be a bit stupid, but its a fault that is probably going to be fixed and is easily overlooked.summary:Pros:*Neat faction system with large free for all battles*Competent AI at times*You always feel like you're somehow contributing to victory whether your playing Commando or the front-line hero*Lots of mod support*Leading a squad of up to ten men is fun!*one hit kill system makes every fight a heart-racing challenge.Cons:*promotion system is a pain if you play on a lot of servers, as of now Ranks, Resource points and XP do not transfer server to server.*Allied AI can be stupid with vehicles at times or brilliant, like real players.*Some bugs, but as of writing this it is early access, what did you expect?verdict:9/10 - Are you still reading this? Buy it!"
76561198165338971,Recommended,270150,30934736,Posted: 3 April,all,Swanky Penis,The game is good but. There is this one mother♥♥♥♥ing god awful place called West Town that place sucks so much♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everytime you think you have captured it you get butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by two different factions at the same god damn time. They♥♥♥♥ you so hard your♥♥♥♥♥♥bleeds profusely.
,Recommended,270150,29852499,Posted: 11 February,all,Popex,"The game is good, but it would be great to have your loot secured. Lots of players are teamkilling with explosives to steal the loot. It's a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to carry a whole game to get no money in the end."
,Recommended,270150,30972238,Posted: 5 April,all,NeoTech,24 Hours of Playing.....Got addicted to it
76561197994353162,Recommended,270150,24089214,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,*Whisky*,"First Impression is promising, lots of action going on, but if you want to survive stop running with rifles X-P.Other than that, it feels like cannon foddeer on a grand-scale."
,Recommended,270150,24509535,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Weef,s'pretty good
76561198085215989,Recommended,270150,25823157,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lamp1K,i 3 month dont play and now i can start in plz help me :(
,Recommended,270150,26295230,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HAVOC (at school),I love this game it has both cod abd battfeld mix in the perfict way and you just be a tank or you will die but in this game you will die a lot and I mean a lot
76561198022436574,Not Recommended,270150,26755149,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Floris,Connectivity is cancer-tier. Only play Co-op if you are masochistic.
76561198038529663,Recommended,270150,29478160,Posted: 25 January,all,WHoSHoT,when u were a child and played with little green men...toy soldiers in a cpu game= plain ol' fun
,Recommended,270150,29481012,Posted: 25 January,all,_Effervescence,"This is great game, I can't get away with it. halp! From the ragdoll physics to its gameplay. RWRWRWWRWRWRWW"
,Recommended,270150,31453996,Posted: 29 April,all,Coda,"""This game looks kinda weird""*looks at youtube videos of the game**buys game*""These controls are weird""""lemme just hop into this 'campaign' mode for a bit then ill refund it""""wow this is actually pretty fun""""alright i wont refund it""""ill just play for 30 minutes""*1 and a half hours later*""I.....CANT.....STOP.......PLAYING!!!!!!!""8/10 - Weird controls but really addicting, nice price, get this game if you like open world war games where you take over land"
76561198066627843,Recommended,270150,21211859,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Monster_SCAG,Got addicted to it !
76561197971640510,Recommended,270150,16877875,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Huggles `,"I'm not sure why, but this is ridiculously fun!Definitely get it. It's like a piece of candy that you feel like snacking on every so often. Not a long sitting, rather a brief little game every now and then, but for what it is, it is amazingly fun and good."
,Recommended,270150,33645649,Posted: 18 July,all,BrotherLewis,5/5Linux crashes solved by deleting <game_folder>/lib/libxcb.so.1Not as potato compatible as you'd think
76561198065744208,Recommended,270150,16504702,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Turncoat,"Must have!Tons of fun!Run, kill, die, repeat!"
76561198014416819,Recommended,270150,12612488,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,BrowneHawk,"Been playing a bit.  For its current price and superior fun lvl, amazing ai, and just overall good feeling you get from playing, you would be stupid not to buy this game.   Wasted tons of money on junk games from steam, not this game, this games goooood.   I hear a demo exist if your to cheap to shell out 10 -15 bucks.Edit  4/2/15   Still think this game is awesome and it just got released as finished.  Buy this game."
76561198171528686,Recommended,270150,18936963,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,linda.heady,It is very fun and easy to play it is very detial too.
76561198064433447,Recommended,270150,19086070,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Oneir,Issssss Doooope Dude!
76561198256290259,Recommended,270150,23022435,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Top Nonce,"This game is amazing, i love the fact that im able to play with my friends and join them in the charges over the trenches, 10/10 1 liek 1 ipod gr8 m8 ign"
,Recommended,270150,23028191,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561198072387000,Recommended,270150,19850631,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Agoost,"Simple, Fun and Addictive...I'm just going say, I really love this game..."
76561198215730399,Recommended,270150,19777398,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Boom Boom,There is an area caled area 69 in frozen canyon69/69
76561198233650368,Recommended,270150,33024257,Posted: 29 June,all,spoopy pepee,pew pew pew pew....this games pretty good....would pew pew again69/69
,Recommended,270150,16757154,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Absølaym,10/10   Would get rekt again !
76561198000917712,Recommended,270150,18805142,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DarknessEyes,"Rate 9 of 10I'm loving this game, i dont remember having so much fun playing a game at a very long time.# The good* Its simple but its also complex, requires alots of flanking and team play.* The cover system works like a charm.* You have several vehicles (tanks, APC, boats, respaw trucks, armory trucks, etc)* The AI is very very very good. They can do team work and flank you easly.* Alots of updates with new features and bug fixes.# The bad* The xp is saved server side.* No chopters.* No way to repair vehicles.* Online community is small but you will always find them online.* The loot system is kinda bad... You lose all your gear when you die. If you have a ""rare"" weapon you will probably get team killed so they can get your ""rare"" weapon... You gonna lose it anyway... because you die very often.* There is a weird bug regarding ladder and out of sync..."
,Recommended,270150,32074201,Posted: 30 May,all,Ctxxc,good game.Nice guns.and op guns(they're rare though)but fun to hunt for.
,Recommended,270150,15303095,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,SilentKnight174,"This game is really freaking sweet. I never really thought I'd like a top down game this much, but I'm pretty addicted. I spent about 20 minutes trying to get a prisoner bus and it didn't even take five seconds for the enemy to blow it up once I got in it. Damn Nazi Greycollars.... It's worth the money. I hope it gets way more popular than it already does because this game is made for enormous large-scale battles."
,Recommended,270150,16842547,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,nomad2001,"I found a d!ldo in a box10 out of 10 instantlySeriously guys apart from this joking remark *And yes i actually found a d!ldo in a crate* This game is one of my favourite games of all time and i IMPLORE you to atleast download and play the demo.I had to replace the I in D I L D O becaue steam focuses more on controlling profanity use than quality control, So im going to cut this review there before i start reviewing steam instead."
76561198032532912,Recommended,270150,17520633,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,shadowvan,There is a free demo.  40 hours and still rising.  Great game!Note:  Expect to die -- a lot.
,Recommended,270150,17657307,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Conner_Andrew,"Love the combat and art style, 10 out of 10 minus the fact that I made this review for the steam badge. I really dont care about it"
76561197991997996,Recommended,270150,17635964,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Deflecting Palm,"Running with RIfles is an excellent shooter. It rewards cautious players who stick to cover, advance slowly and plan ahead. I think that the co-op multiplayer experience is the high point of this title, and the pvp is fun - good luck finding a server with anyone playing, though. Co-op servers are always populated, in my experience.You'll level up, earn a larger squad to control, unlock better weapons and body armor, etc, as you kill more and more enemies.The depth of this game sort of reveals itself the longer you play and the more skilled you become - and the more skilled players you play with - setting up cover deployments, weapon deployments (more on this further on....) moving the frontline up with other players, calling airstrikes, reenforcements, relocating armory/communication/respawn trucks... it's all really good, co-op fun. The gunplay and sounds are very satisfying, and each weapon has its pros and cons. There is no super weapon... maybe the P90. My favourite assault rifle is the Famas.This game has a ton of potential, and I realize it's a small time, independent affair, but there are a few negatives. (I'm aware that this game is being patched, but still, I review this as it stands today.)Cover deployment and weapon deployment (stationary MGs, miniguns, TOW launchers) seem to deploy in a random orientation and with minds of their own. There is no option to rotate cover or deployable weapons, they are placed down in the orientation that you are handed. If the MG you spent your hard earned resource points on is facing the opposite direction that you'd like - well, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's frustrating. Sometimes you will deploy a cover item and it will inexplicably roll onto you and kill you. Or deploy in a manner completely opposite the preview.  Sometimes it won't show up at all. Sometimes it will take ten times longer to deploy than it should and that ends up getting you killed. You will get good at timing the enemies approach vs placing a cover block. If you do get good at this, you can easily hide behind your sandbags and take out 30 enemy soldiers without breaking a sweat.  Out of cover, you'll be dead in one or two shots.Does it seem like I am talking about cover too much? Maybe so, but it's the most important life extending aspect of the game, right after body armor. And maybe riding in a tank.Anyways, it's not without its flaws as a game, the graphics are basic and leave a lot to be desired, but overall, I have enjoyed this title FAR more than many other higher priced games that I've played this year. It's incredibly addictive and incredibly fun.Get ready to rage quit as you try ten times to respawn and collect your rare blue weapons and items that you lost upon death only to die over and over in a suicidal attempt to save dat lewt.Loves it."
76561198001780420,Recommended,270150,17333885,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,*TRF* Mr Annoying,Just.. Wow ..This has got game of the year all over it.Excellent strategic combat . This game pays for it's weight in gold x100If you don't already own it buy it now
76561198002518859,Recommended,270150,17325165,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RedStar,Cool concept and great game. May take a bit of getting used to if you are not familiar with this type of control scheme and may also cause rage from random off screen shots.
,Recommended,270150,15241050,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,OrangeGills,"This game might be one of my favorite games on steam.It is not for everybody.If you get shot, you will probably die in one bullet.Your enemies will also probably die in one bullet.You respawn very quickly and charge back into the fray.Playing tactically and working with other players in invasion mode is in my opinion the best and most fun way to play.With plenty of AI on both teams, there are bullets flying everywhere, making for an awesome battle that you watch from top down.In my opinion, this game is very fun."
76561198064839547,Recommended,270150,23826068,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,EIectr0n,One of the best indie games i have played. Simple but super fun. The nothing like killing endless foes. Also please dont buy from♥♥♥♥♥as most of the keys are from stolen credit cards thus the devs dont get any profit. please buy from steam
76561198079721554,Recommended,270150,23958708,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Schrodinger,"Can not recomend this game more!RWR combines a 2D shooting and strategy game with an awesome concept. To some it may seem like a meanial game, constantly dying and respawning as somebody different. RWR perfectly embodies war in the fact that you don't matter. You are not going to make a big differnce in the war, just a pawn. However, as you grow in the ranks, you get more squad members to go on missions with you to flank the enemy, or to defend a certain spot.I fully recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy and war games."
,Recommended,270150,23694894,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ShaneB,Such a fun and addictive game
76561198059147593,Recommended,270150,27737588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RNG,"Pros:-Probably one of the best Top-Down shotters on steam-AI has pretty good detection system so you can stealth.-Pretty unique guns and vehicles for each side.-Makes you feel like your having Vietnam flashbacks when your jeep explodes and your the last man standing.-The modding community is pretty good-You can complete a mission in anyway you want(stealth, gunsblazing, sabotager, meat shield, tank driver)-Can teamkill AI if they're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you offCons:-The AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to cargo trucks, a vehicle you need in the campaign to unlock new guns.-One of the final bosses of the game is literally just a slow mash away at there health, theres no fun stratagy except for slowly chipping at its health.-Online is kinda dead-I don't think the developers are really updating the game anymore (not completely sure tho)Overall Opinion:Is very fun game. I played it for a day then left it, then came back a few months later and had a blast. You get to realize new things with every playthrough. If you get bored you can just get some cool mods. I feel like its better to get a 4 pack among friends so that you guys play a co-op campaign. Mulitple diffrent ways to tackle a objective. Buy the game if your into some stratagy games. PLUS TONS OF PTSDOverall rating is 8.5/10"
,Recommended,270150,29578385,Posted: 29 January,all,Raznack,OMG GRENADE!!
76561197981795525,Recommended,270150,26524341,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PatMartins #Explosiveparty@UK,"Answers the (not so) age-old question of: ""What if Hotline Miami was isometric, had vehicles, reloadable guns and military-grade arsenal?""The answer? Awesomeness."
76561198049611452,Recommended,270150,10296560,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LoFi,kill kill kill
76561198012610173,Not Recommended,270150,15414880,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Genoscythe,"After this game was praised so highly by everyone I had to try it of course. However I was quickly disappointed.The gunplay and cover-mechanics are solid, every weapon has its place, however there is just nothing to motivate me to keep on playing. The fights are so monotone and boring that I just had to shut down the game and take a break. Those ""RPG-Elements"" are nothing more than a horribly simple unlock system you get by slaying masses and masses of enemies. Singleplayer mode is not worth the talk, just killing enemy lads all the time, no variation at all.The item-collection is also not really motivating, you loose every special item from your inventory after dying, like this you are always stuck with the same 5 guns. Killing is based on randomness, as weapons dont have a damage value but a kill probability. However I have to say that the game really promotes tactic.In the end I spent 10 bucks for a game that got me playing it for two hours without wanting to every touch it again. It has some nice mechanics but by far not the content to keep you playing."
76561198109858218,Not Recommended,270150,15426783,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kavinsky,"This game has the potential to be great, but ultimatly it falls on its face. You are given a taste of nuanced strategic combat, defensive base building and the progression from a lowly priviate with a rifle to an officer calling in artillery and reinforcements. Sadly, all of these mechanics are in the game but the meta-game renders them useless.One of the worst parts is the total lack of a real tuturial. I had to spend an hour surfing the wiki to figure out some of the basic mechanics, which are actually pretty important when it comes to performing decently in the game. I don't know how I even would have figured most of the game out without a guide. Simple things like knowing you can click the yellow dots on the map to choose where you respawn, or the ways to obtain in game cash are never told to you and without knowing about it, and many other things, you end up having a worse time when you first start playing.RWR turns into a major grindfest with no end reward. Without going into the gameplay details, which will make little sense without having played the game, many of the mechanics become very frustrating and repetitive after a couple hours of play. You are left with nothing to do but spawn, kill as many bad guys as possible and hope that your army doesn't get stuck capturing a base, moving on and then losing it, over and over. It's not an epic battle over a single position, it's a game breaking, virtually unbreakable cycle in singleplayer.The multiplayer technically has PVP but I've never seen a lobby with more than one or two people in it. The PVE lobbies are hectic battles and can be fun for a while but they soon become boring once you realize that human victory is inevitable, always.I honestly think that if another year of dev time had gone into the game it could have been one of my favorite indie titles of all time, which is the worst part. The idea is amazing, even the individual in game concepts are great, but it is the way they are implemented which makes RWR fail."
,Recommended,270150,33754314,Posted: 23 July,all,Phonze,"This game is very entertaining, It's like a top down version of the Battlefield series. (Some of the maps take inspiration from the series.)"
,Not Recommended,270150,15457625,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,T-Bone Biggins,"Full review below this paragraph. First of all the community for this game is TOXIC. The moderator of their forums even tried digging into my account to make fun of how many hours I played X and Y because they have no argument for why this game is good. It isn't good mostly due to all kills being luck-based RNG, that alone negates any claim of skill so deal with it this game sucks for multiplayer on that basis alone and they disagree but in a bad manner. I was even banned from the forums and my posts deleted while the even worse posts from the community stayed, then was unbanned after Steam decided to step on the dev for this unacceptable behaviour. From the dev himself no less. Shameful. And now on to a deeper review of the game itself:Short version: Attempt at top-down 2d Battlefield, key word attempt.The many positive reviews are either cooked up and fake or those other players must exist in a universe where crappy gameplay seems fun. That or the game has wide appeal but it did not manage to appeal to me specifically. If this looks interesting to you wait on sale at least, not worth full price. It still feels like it should be Early Access and in Beta still because of lack of depth, you are doing the same thing over and over and what you are doing is not interesting enough to count as good gameplay.Longer version: The lack of first person perspective and the 3rd dimension ruins this game (and yes I know you can climb buildings and it is pseudo-3d, still top-down perspective) and this is a big failing in design of this game. The damage system is very dumb and is the #1 problem with this game, there is a chance that your bullet will kill and will roll the random number generator (RNG) to see if your aimed hit counts, no joke it's that bad quite literally. This leaves the game open to many times where you can hit a guy 6 times and he stands and they hit you once you die. The RNG is all you depend on, no matter how accurate your shot it rolls the dice to see if that shot does anything. Very stupid system, big mistake on part of the dev who did not think this through in any way. The RNG damage system alone is a good reason to walk away from this game and never look back, it doesn't require skill to kill if you can hit someone several times and none count. As for lack of first person perspective you will get shot in an imperceivable manner all the time. You look like you are behind cover and then get hit from a direction by stray bullets while still obviously in cover. This is a constant in gameplay and I cannot recommend this game to anyone I like. This would be 10x more of a fun game if we had first person perspective and no RNG-damage with this style of gameplay but it is what it is. The attempt at fixing this issue with perspective is a crosshair that shows a line where you cannot see between your character and cursor but that doesn't work well at all. Shots that should hit don't, shots that shouldn't hit do. Those two problems are the crux of my main issues the game and it is crippled because of it.As for the gameplay singleplayer is just a back and forth. Mindless grinding worse than an MMO in here for exp. AI is too dumb on your team to take objectives properly, and the flawed spawning system means you will be shot at behind and from the side of places that should be secured. Any attempt at being smart you get smacked with several guys spawning from where you just snuck around from and them shooting you through cover more often than not. Overall uninteresting gameplay. I tried it several times on a friends computer and never got it, finally after enough harassment from him I finally bought it and that was $15 completely wasted. Do not trust the Steam review system like I did, I typically read the negative reviews first but at the time it only showed one on the store page which is deceptive. I repeat what was stated above: If this looks interesting to you wait on sale at least, not worth full price."
,Not Recommended,270150,22294373,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ambydo,"This game is fun.This game is action-packed.This game is amazing.But this game is dead. There is only ever one active server, with six or fewer people playing on it. There is no story, single-player mode is just multiplayer except with bots. It's an amazing game, but without someone to play it with, it's empty and not worth the 15 dollars."
76561197994187950,Not Recommended,270150,15410073,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,*QcFr* Konig,"I really don't recommend this game in multiplayer , nor pve and pvp.The AI is so quick and accurate that one soldier can wipe out your army in seconds.The fact that there is no health but % on each roll if you die or stay alive make this game like a lotery , no skill involved.Singleplayer is funnier since you can choose the difficulty to your liking and make the game more enjoyable for what it is."
,Not Recommended,270150,16243821,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Soulja ☂,"For competive players, the servers are empty, only buy this game if u like co-op"
,Not Recommended,270150,15262397,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Gonzo,"Singleplayer - yawnMP - ""Where is everyone?"" 20ppl on 1 server (Chicago USA). Too bad as im in Australia.Horrible lag and netsync issues. just leaves it unplayable.Mods -  yay!?Shooty-Grindy Top down game. Definantly not worth $15.After the new update: You can put as many updates as you want... the game thrives on RNG.I'm still pumpin an enemy with bullets (so far 1.8k rounds)  into him. Some say he is still there.This is the apex of trash."
,Not Recommended,270150,20462161,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,hikiKEMori,"This game is fun- it has a learning curve and many people who are bad at games quit really early on. The game does receieve consistent updates, new maps/items and will soon be adding workshop support.The game has a dedicated fanbase who continue to play the game and keep the multiplayer active, however there is no PVP community, so the pvp mode is completely lacking and no one plays it.I recommend the game if you buy it on sale, but don't buy this at full price- because chances are you'll quit and never play it enough to warrant the expenditure."
,Recommended,270150,34069758,Posted: 6 August,all,Jag,"Okay game, but not as good as Foxhole."
76561198059227038,Not Recommended,270150,23755225,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Faustie999,"Very stylish and well made game, nice artistic graphics. Lots of weapons, some vehicles and good maps. Controls are great, aiming works like you expect it to work. This game can be loads of fun, if you are a true fan of the genre......however, the game just feels really bland for me. It feels like your actions have zero consequences. There are no rewards no matter how well you play, no sense of achievement. Dying is just ""oh, I died."" and then you spawn again and keep going. Winning a match is ""oh, we won."" and you start to play the next match.The game just lacks that special something that really lights you up and makes you feel thrilled, excited, concentrated. If you're into this kind of games, definitely try this one out. But for a casual gamer looking for an exciting new experience, I do not recommend RWR."
,Not Recommended,270150,18578666,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Le Tharja,"A worthless crosshair airming system that isn't helpful in the least, the absolute worst ai, and a progression system which will cause you to lose everything if you are on a bad streak."
76561198070272883,Recommended,270150,15229487,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,KonRak,Cluster♥♥♥♥ simulator 10/10 ^_^
,Recommended,270150,28212674,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SmaxxTheMtnDewLover,"Love large scale battles? Then this game is for you. its just thousands of little soldiers running around, its the best"
,Not Recommended,270150,25327865,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Green,Game has a cool concept and hos potential to be a lot of fun... but the multiplayer scene is more or less dead. Returned this game because i bought it for multiplayer.
,Recommended,270150,22921146,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Great Hero J,"It's like Battlefield and CoD, but you actually get to do useful♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198116496510,Not Recommended,270150,17334291,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Widow's Bane,"I absolutley love this game.BUTConsidering the multiplayer is DEAD and I have no one to play with I wont be playing it much anymore (Single player loses its charm quickly). So unless you have some friends to play with, I wouldn't recomend it, If you do have friends to play with, I absolutley would..."
76561198072014664,Not Recommended,270150,17385519,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LTCirabisi,"I had a Blast playing when it worked. I recall having to go into the game files and deleting a few items to get the game to work on Linux Ubuntu. since reinstalling I cannot get it running smoothly. Its a bummer because I had a blast for the 13 hours I played. If your on windows I say get it, but if your on Linux, it seems support isnt there to fix it.<edit>http://www.runningwithrifles.com/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=1766this is the link to fix it to run with good FPS on linux. Why hasnt the Dev fixed this? I shouldnt have to do this myself just to get it to run right."
76561198004063929,Recommended,270150,15260897,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Pippala Games,"Please kindly find my video review on youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AED_JnTv_CgPresentationRunning with rifles is not your ordinary high end shooting game, yet with its unique cartoonish art style, whilst maintaining reasonable amount of gore, the game managed to pull off from its dated graphics to something unique like Borderlands and Torchlight, yet with resemblance to games in the 90s namely commandos and army man.Despite looking simple on the surface, the game is not as shallow as it seems and much details were put into the game on the tactical perspective.Running with rifles also benefits from its realistic sound effects, despite the lack of voice over compare to games like company of heroes, the treading boots, rolling tanks and distant gunfire does give you the feeling of a living battlefield which draws your attention.GameplayRunning with rifles shines brilliantly in the multiplayer mode packed with endless action. Being KIA is more than a common thing and it is hard to survive more than 10 minutes on the field with a fire net of  bullets coming from all directions, not to mention a sneaky grenade under your feet in the midst of battle.A different take by Running with rifles which makes more sense is that, no body has multiple lives on the field. Whenever you die, you are respawned as a new recruit with a new name. Although you won't have the time to pay attention to the change of your soldier's name, nor your enemies will find you any different from a shooting target, it actually shows the attention to details this game is willing to give.Ranking is one of the keys to unlock new command on the field. From the request to call in artillery strikes, to the access of advanced firearms and deplorable weapons, this help to encourage players to perform better in game in order to gain access to more powerful arsenal and gain presence on the field.Single player campaign on the other hand, suffers from the relative short respawning time compares to other shooting games, which sometimes, capturing of an enemies' frontal sector could develop into a seesaw battle that lasts for a longtime. And you would rather spend those time playing the multiplayer mode where your teammates are more mobile and tactically supportive.SummaryIn summary, Running with rifles is a smart and bold take of this genre which successfully earned itself a place together with the current flood of tactical shooting games in the market."
,Recommended,270150,25118758,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Pvt.wing dings(Medic),"I play a lot of tf2....When i am not playing tf2, i am playing this...That is saying alot."
76561198061493460,Recommended,270150,15240161,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,The Argus,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Got it for myself and my brother and haven't regretted it for a second. Great buy, definitely recommend."
,Not Recommended,270150,23052305,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Stormlight,"It's not really fun for me :/ I wanted a nice, tactical, fun game, and all I got was a top-down shooter, with complete madness, boring mechanics (for me atleast). I wouldn't say, that you can't enjoy it, but I definetly didn't.Pros:- Lot of weapons- Nice art styleCons:- Not fun- The cover mechanic seems bullsh*t- You don't know what's going on most of the time, if you have the brain of a cow (just like me).Not really a bad game, there are definetly some worse ones out there, but no, I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,270150,23084090,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,✫Bunnyman5✫,I can confirm that this game has BOTH rifles and the ability to run!
76561198065432964,Recommended,270150,15261239,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Mr. Whip Yo Kids,"I sold my CS: GO weapon skins for this gameno regrets, best purchase i ever made"
76561198049571058,Not Recommended,270150,21374313,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bourbon Hans,"I want to recommend this game. I really do. It accomplishes everything it sets out to do, and it does it well. Running With Rifles puts you in the boots of an average, unremarkable soldier in the ranks of other, somewhat less remarkable soldiers as you fight across various battlefields and attempt to capture territory for your various faction. You have a variety of weapons, equipment, and vehicles at your disposal, with access limited to your rank. The game excels at making the battles seem huge, and even moments of extreme heroism will have little impact in the overall conflict. RWR is about steady gains over time more than anything else. While this aspect is one of the game's greatest strengths, it is also its biggest weakness. You see, this style of conflict turns battles into repetitve slugfests, and you will often find yourself stuck taking and retaking the same obejctives, only to have to backtrack because a sudden enemy push has stolen an objective you secured half an hour ago on the other side of the map. One mission has you take and hold a single objective for 10 minutes (or 600 seconds, as the game states); this mission has taken me several hours due to an enemy push coming while my A.I. teammates are either dead or wandering off. Overall, while the game is interesting and has a unique feel, the player has to tear moments of fun from waves of tedious frustration and repitition."
,Recommended,270150,30818298,Posted: 29 March,all,spooky callofguy 👻,whole new definition to running and gunning
76561197991353618,Recommended,270150,15102883,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Grizzledorf,epic game. just one patch away from final release!if you ever played the game infrantry years ago and you liked that game this is a must buy for you!
76561198072539130,Recommended,270150,18571173,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,WHOSTOLETHECOOKIES!!!,Me and trots fop have been stuck here for hours slowly the brown menace is closeing in this is our time...just as trots stands up to open fire a grenade is thrown killing him instantly...the browns close in and after much fighting manage to kill me...im sorry trots
,Recommended,270150,26668749,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,Now i like war.
,Recommended,270150,24554409,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sgt. Pipes,"Hello dear reader!Well i don´t really know what to say, but the game ist absolutely awesome!Yes you will die a lot!There will be bloodshed, tears (whenever losing valuable guns) and lots of fun.And in case I couldn´t convince you then stop reading my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review and play the demo!In case that didnt convince you then read another review! (hopefully better than mine)Or just go and search for the tactical tractor artwork (or many others ;) ).Farewell,Time for a mortar strike!"
,Recommended,270150,19833566,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ranger سام,"This game made me wonder why AI that can flank the ♥♥♥♥ out of me and destroy my♥♥♥♥♥♥can't drive for♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would ""wow, there are lots of Jewish NPCs"" again"
,Recommended,270150,28481858,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hang Their Bodies In The Hall,"A Great fun game but in need of more player's,Modder's and content this game has great potential. to be a game of the year so please get more player's on it! Dev's if your reading this please add some to this game (more maps etc) side note: i will posting a more in-depth review after i beat the game ^^ (still on the first map atm)"
,Recommended,270150,33818760,Posted: 26 July,all,BetterPizzaBetterPastaPapaJohns,Its arma 3 but 2d. Plus there's also a lot of workshop content. I have been trying to capture the same point for almost 8 hours because I increased the amount of enemies to something like 300%.
,Recommended,270150,14141942,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,qngage,"nice ... i love it...just... is there no steam cloud support?Final Release Review:Still loving it... but still curious, is there no steam cloud save support?"
76561198013424835,Recommended,270150,22904231,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Dead Major,Highly addictive an fun game once you get the hang of it.
76561198196143706,Recommended,270150,22711859,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,orcleave,"Great game, lots of action. I would recommend trying it!10/10"
76561198078299443,Recommended,270150,23338834,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Nukke92,GRENADE!
76561198035654274,Recommended,270150,13068831,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hoi Kanoi,One of my squad members was named Pvt Batman.
,Recommended,270150,13749283,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Xograph,Ran with my rifle. Died 338 times.10/10 best game
,Recommended,270150,12749819,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Skali,RUNNING WITH RIFLES IS A NICE GAME. IT IS EASY TO LEARN AND YOU CAN HAVE A LOT OF FUN TOGETHER WITH YOUR FRIENDS!!!!sry caps
,Recommended,270150,15246115,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Captain 美的,256.7/10pop pop watch them drop
76561198201673143,Recommended,270150,22431688,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,♕RB♕ Memz,please update to first person LOVE IT!
,Recommended,270150,22696755,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,coconono,"This game is the ultimate stress reliever. Tune up some bad aim AI and drop airstrikes on them. Or find a good spot and mow them down, idc just make them dead. its good for you.or you can steal a jeep(or a tank, if you nasty) and cruise around for mayhem.or you could play with weird people on the internet if that's your thing."
76561198164894580,Recommended,270150,22946171,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,WhisperingHobo,"This game is much more than it seems.My first battle lasted more than 3 hours. Over 5000 soldiers died in the siege. I then contemplated the value of life.10/10 would lose 1,000,000 more men."
,Recommended,270150,23004595,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ridfer☭<3,just a fun game wich is worth you're money ^^
,Recommended,270150,15207947,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,1erMarins_Sgt_Ryan_Jenkins,"For an indie, this is a beauty. Definitely recommend especially if you have a group of friends to play with."
,Recommended,270150,12486574,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,be nice,Precious permadeath chaos.
,Recommended,270150,15193454,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH,"I can no longer sit back and allow Communist infiltration, Communist indoctrination, Communist subversion, and the international Communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids.Glorify the Corporo-Fascist State with your sacrifice. Be a cog of the Green Machine and destroy those subersive greys and browns."
76561198094244636,Recommended,270150,15297105,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rullstols Sigge,I am just here to make sure that this game remains it's ''Overwhelminglry Positive'' reviews. Cause this game deserves it. I am to lazy to describe it. But there are a ton of helpfull reviews below me anyway.
76561198044581144,Recommended,270150,16165508,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lostpop,The only Early-Access game you should support.
,Recommended,270150,24071855,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dynaflame,Moving rapidly while wielding long ranged firearms has never been this fun!
,Recommended,270150,24157019,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Reverant☭Green,"Overall the game is very fun, it remind me of Arma series but small and more arcade play style. But the problem with this game is the lack of players in multiplayer.6/10 plz have moar playerz in mutiplayer server!!!!!"
76561198147746416,Recommended,270150,24081815,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Linglightning,"I need a Asia sever!!!!!!!!! In China, we can't find any sever in list,so coule anyone can give me a way to play a muliter game,plezzzzzzz!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198286624348,Recommended,270150,24185137,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,soldat555,best game of war !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,270150,29860867,Posted: 11 February,all,Tiny,"Ours is not to question why,ours is to do or die.Hope for the best, prepare for the worst."
,Recommended,270150,31925484,Posted: 23 May,all,TitanUranus,One of my all time favorite games on steam that I continue to come back to time and time again. An incredibly fun and unique experience. Easy to jump into and satisfying to master.
,Recommended,270150,32920290,Posted: 28 June,all,Canadian Munk,"Good games, reminds me of old top down shooters like infantry"
,Recommended,270150,32842465,Posted: 26 June,all,Seedia,I literally skipped tutorial. Played hero and rushed into PvE mode. Had no idea what to capture. Still owned with grenade throws. 11/10 would recommand especially when on sales.
,Recommended,270150,32283402,Posted: 8 June,all,ム Kiwii,You know.
76561198043849848,Recommended,270150,32834876,Posted: 26 June,all,Dirty_undies,Like fun? buy this game.
,Recommended,270150,27193020,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Netscape Navigator,Just five more minutes...
,Recommended,270150,23912052,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JamesXCJuggalo,such a great game challanging and fun give it a try
,Recommended,270150,23942787,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,deadend85,love the game
76561198257402052,Recommended,270150,30993189,Posted: 7 April,all,Kaptin_Koolguy,"It's really fun and tactical at the same time, and the choice of veichles and weapons is good too!"
,Recommended,270150,32907779,Posted: 27 June,all,JustWastingTime,its ok
,Recommended,270150,33035364,Posted: 30 June,all,Avidity,A lovely game.
76561198318853582,Recommended,270150,33752806,Posted: 23 July,all,Janissary,"Well,I played less than 10 hours.Lets be honest.I loved this game,good graphics,good hitboxes and etc. but the thing is,the game is fulled with team killers(TKers).I don't want to make people angry and let them swear under my reweiew so I need to say that in my opinion,this game isn't that bad.In the first part of the rewiew,you can see the 'Team killers' words.When we want to enter a car,or pickup a rare item from the ground,Our teammates drive towards us,or throw a nade before we can even escape.And the bots,the classic AIs...They have aimbot??!!..When I join a server,everytime,I get killed by those bots.Its annoying.They just come out of nowhere and kill us.Please fix it.And the last thing is that we need to have radio after 100 EXP.No no,I don't say that players don't need to get EXP for their ranks,it just annoying reaching to a high rank and losing it after you disconnect.And the last part,the game.Yea,when it crashes,I can't do anything!.I tried to close the computer,but it made it worser.Please fix this one tho.In my opinion,this game is very good without these bugs."
,Recommended,270150,26699537,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Nachos,Very awesome game! Just wish there was an option for 3rd person or 1st. That would be sweet!
,Recommended,270150,15337280,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Roody,"Hey you maggots! Do you want to be all the best you can be!? Do you think you have what it takes to make it out there on the battlefield!? You think so!? WELL I'LL BE OBAMA's LEFT♥♥♥♥♥ WE have a joker in the ranks! If you think you're such hot stuff MR. JOKER, then why not prove it to me out there on the battlefield!? I'll tell you what, you can use any tactic and gun you can think of and if you impress me, I'll promote you! If you die, we'll just send in another joker right after you! Fun? FUN!? YOU'RE ASKING IF WAR IS FUN!? MAGGOT, let me tell you something...war....is down right ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic.Seriously though, this is a fun game to play when you're bored or want to just run around a large map to kill people however you wish. Think of this game as...hmm...a more fun but dumbed down version of ARMA or battlefield. Yes, there is tanks and LAVs  but you cannot repair them, making them very valuable and all the more reason to protect them. Co-op is a blast and the AI are pretty smart/good IMO. PVP is where the true glory of this game shines, nothing beats a all out 3 front war on a server full of players. Oh and as for bugs, none that I've found so far.The only con I can really think of is lag. When you lag, you either live or die, just as simple as that. Anyways, if you want a fun little game, for a great price, then I recommend getting RWR. I better see you out on the battlefield MAGGOT!"
,Recommended,270150,31962206,Posted: 25 May,all,Sublime Pondera,"Nice game that can bring lots of fun if you really like the genre, but it does get grindy and repetitive very fast and will require tons of hours on multiplayer (with kinda laggy and empty servers if you're not on the US) to get the slightly better equipment.7.5/10"
,Recommended,270150,15197655,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,-=PR=-_Miller,"Its great, Ur just a common soilder in the middle of a war. the better you do the more your rank up and the more responbilites you get. Every solider has a name which i like. little personal things. Some cover issues, I would like to be able to shoot over the humvee. But no issues or bugs, Loads of fun. You can set the dead body count to insanly high. Thumbs up for the devs right there. just one thing, battles take forever!!!!! i have been in a battle for atleast 2 hours"
76561198007165405,Recommended,270150,16688997,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Frank McFuzz,"This game is absolutely fantastic. The easiest way to define this is ""Top-down Soldat-esque combat in a Battlefield style"". Battles are intense, tactical, and somewhat skill-based. No more 'action hero with troll-blood who regenerates' BS here! Online has a great community and even in singleplayer, the AI tend to know what they're doing.... most of the time. I can heartily recommend this game, and say it's probably my favourite war-game ever, albeit there are a few flaws scattered throughout.I'd say easy 8/10."
,Recommended,270150,25002836,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,el grande steve,"This game is great, but for people who are super new I recommend turing up XP/RP rewards to the max, just to start out."
,Recommended,270150,17870000,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Petroph,"Loaded up game, tried to figure out controls, threw grenade and killed myself.Would Run with Rifles again! :D"
76561198075037658,Recommended,270150,17411980,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,burdock,Fast paced and fun.
76561198196932218,Recommended,270150,17453992,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,lennycarey17,amazing game
76561198012927545,Recommended,270150,17778149,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,William,"92% Positive Reveiws... Let's Add Another one Shall we?.I gave the game a royal bash for 6 hours. 4 right off the bat, then 2 more just to see if my opinion on the game felt justified. It Bloody well does. Running With Rifles.. Oh, Sorry. I mean RUNNING WITH RIFLES is a down right Bloody good game. For a person, not looking for another Multiplayer-focused Shooter with no value of it's own beside being ""Indie""... Then you have found it in RUNNING WITH RIFLES. It's a game you can jump into, enjoy a few hours alone, with 1, 2 or 3 friends. There is no ""Super"" Weapon to aim for, there is no value in useing cheap tactics (like Camping). You have no health bar, you will die alot, you will kill alot, you will then die alittle bit more. The AI is good at killing you. You find yourself not able to go all bonkers on the enemy, capture their base alone, drive over their entire army in a jeep then chew some bubble gum. Your Depending on your comrads to push through with you. You Either take the flag Togheter, Or you die togheter. Easily 9/10. Why 9 out of 10?. Simply because i want more. There is alot, but for something this good, one cannot help but just... Want More!. More Guns, More armies, More Maps, More Side Objects, More More More!... But yeah,  The game is bloody great.The Multiplayer is apperently dead (couldn't careless. Argubly the AI is much more entertaining to play with then a random bloke). I wager it's because people focus more on the single player and the Co-op part. I do atleast. It's a great game. Worth every PennySuggestion would be... Hmm... being able to Manage your squad, Perhaps?... RPG elements... Being able to do things inbetween battles?... Not sure. Apart from that, More Stuff. Still worth every penny. 9/10"
76561198005179411,Recommended,270150,17682971,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheHogMaster,Running with rifles is mad crazy awesome action in pve or pvp. Buy it you won't regret it is so much fun 'cannot recommend enough .LIVEDIEREPEAT
,Recommended,270150,23016316,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mememan,was never able to get a tank 10/10
,Recommended,270150,16535832,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,scottie lightyear,It's a good game for wasting some time with friends.
,Recommended,270150,15205246,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Renshawn,"Running with Rifles is a much needed title for anyone who loves over the top based shooters.Three factions, tons of weapons, 2 different modes in MP with the invasion the main one in SP.As you rank up you gain more unlocks, better graded weapons (snipers for example) and more RADIO CALLs that can turn the tide of the battle.My only CON is the aiming on this game. although you can see people in the surrounding area, aiming at them is a lot more difficult."
,Recommended,270150,15209285,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Reprotted,Game.
,Recommended,270150,15207528,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,riwjin,Much more battlefield-like than Battlefield series
76561197986905185,Recommended,270150,15204604,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Pianoman,"I had never heard of this until it was released a few days ago. For $12 this is a great game, the kind that you really lose track of time while playing online and then all of a sudden the sun is rising. It has enough options to keep things interesting and is simple so you avoid getting frustrated. I know this has been in development for a while but it really seems like the game is totally ready for release. Good job!"
76561198045129871,Recommended,270150,15208485,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Slake_Moth_01,"Very fun game. Reminds me a lot of the old Sony Online game called Infantry. Highly recommended for fans of that game. Anyone else, this is still a great top-down shooter."
,Recommended,270150,15208331,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Inferno,At first I was like who are the browncoats...and then I was like ANO CHEEKI BREEKI IV DAMKE
76561198023459068,Recommended,270150,15207358,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[JERK] Blastomite,so good
,Recommended,270150,14736545,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dr.Strangelove,Doesnt have any story -10/10 -ign
,Recommended,270150,23990995,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mr.Botins,Great game super fun to bad  all the servers are always empty
76561198015275473,Recommended,270150,23534317,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,im shit,Order my 6 men to get into a 5 man car.Last guy couldnt get in so he drowned himself11/10
76561198058274014,Recommended,270150,16663735,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BotchTots,"Love the game. It's amazing, you feel like a kid agian (in a good way)"
76561198059059017,Recommended,270150,18073908,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Snuffy,very stupid simple fun lol.
76561198051876251,Recommended,270150,13207959,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,AgentPotato,10/10
,Recommended,270150,15424472,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Rice,Amazing for tactical topdown
76561198055212986,Recommended,270150,13097671,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,DJ_Androm3da™,"ArmA, Boxhead, Battalion Wars, Fat Princess, Planetside 2. Mash them all together, and Running With Rifles was born. It has the depth and realism of a military sim with the budget and aesthetic of a flash game, yet somehow it works phenomenally when you actually play. Tack on competitive/co-op multiplayer and the promise of Workshop mod support and you got your next addiction. Buy it now or go clean out the latrine, private!"
76561198061885694,Recommended,270150,15026501,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,SplinterBee,"Top down war you arent the hero, just a regualar soldier rising through the ranks, you cant take 20 hits and keep on going, most realistic top down game ever (>._.)> (^._.^) <(._.<)10/10 -IGN"
76561198120868106,Recommended,270150,15176441,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,aadikharwa,one of my favorite games
76561198036111619,Recommended,270150,15215820,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bigcracker,"This game is awesome. With all the other AAA FPS military combat games out there this little $12 game actually makes you feel like a normal soldier on the front lines surrounded by friends and enemies. Right now as it stands this game is well worth your money, and hopefully with more support we can see more maps,weapons,dlc,mods whatever come that will just add to the game. BUY THIS GAME SPREAD THE WORD!2 Thumbs up5 out 5 stars10/10 would play againRun with a Rifle"
,Recommended,270150,15216802,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,linguiça de feijão queimado,>make a sandbag nest>put some cool mgs and mortars>claim yourself as the sandbag nest king>get hit by thousands of airstrikes>10/10 would do it again
76561198121553035,Recommended,270150,28965799,Posted: 2 January,all,ZeFudgeI3ar,Really Fun Overhead shooter would've liked more vehicles and semi auto guns
76561198023069635,Recommended,270150,29036971,Posted: 5 January,all,The sasq,Top quality 10/10 what more can i say
,Recommended,270150,16218333,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Dainank,"Good and new, while cheap. It also has good multiplayer for an indie game :D"
,Recommended,270150,15221621,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TheSexualHarassmentPanda,a fun and challenging game8/10buy buy buy
,Recommended,270150,10390413,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,BillyBobCornCob,You can run people over with jeeps.10/10
76561198028254742,Recommended,270150,15177918,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Beech Booch,Don't buy this game it's too much fun
76561198089865023,Recommended,270150,13322907,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Subfer (Trading),fun by ur self fun with freinds buy if u like top down shooterz like door kickers or somthing like that.
76561198253380675,Recommended,270150,23631771,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ARandomHippo,"This is a good game but it has it's downsides. Don't be fooled by the spray and prey look of it it is actually quite the tactical, and difficult game. Now that we have that over with into the review.Cons:In thte campaing, it takes way to loong to secure a point because each team has infinite reinforcements. I have played for 7 hours on the campaing and have only secured 1 area. That makes the game quite repetitive and not as fun as it could be with a bit shorter battles or if each team didn't just send out a new wave of troops the second the other goes down.Another bad thing is thaat it takes just as long to play the game to level up. Again, 7 hours and I've only leveled up 2 or 3 times. This makes it almost impossible to level up in multiplayer because the multiplayer games are a set time, and the team that claims more land for there faction wins. The only reason leveling is an issue is that you need points that you get for getting kills and selling weapons and have to be a certain level to wield/buy certain weapons.Multiplayer could have also been done better. Co-op is fine, but the Vs. multiplayer gives you a very short amount of time to actually do anything. The multiplayer is still fun but it should allow more than the time given to complete everything. That would make the multiplayer more balanced and give players that get pushed back a chance to recover.Pros:It is VERY fun the first while you play it but it eventually goes stale in campiagn. The idea alone of a very tactical, 1 shot kill type of top down shooter is amazing. It can keep you entertained for quite a whileEach side gets vehicles they can ride into battle including APC/Tanks. Really makes the game more interesting and can easily turn the tide of battle in the game everytime your team gets one.Once you level enough, you can have a squad that follows you  around and helps you which is a unique feature that is actually quite fun to mess around with.Blood stays on the ground nearly forever. This makes for very funny moments when you are passing a common fighting zone and it looks like the cement is red.You can call in sandbags, airstrikes, reinforcements, etc. which really gives you the tactical feel the gamde was going for.There are ladders you can climb and things in the world you can use as cover which goes realy well with the diving/prone mechanic as well as crouching. It makes it to where you can have you own playsyle depending on what weapons you have.While the weapons are hard to unlock, they are quite different and unique and each you can play with different ways. There are also a ton of things like medkits, grenades, armor vests and sandbags you can have in your loadout. You also have a secondary slot which you can have a 1 time use RPG for or a pistol.Overall a great game if you don't mind the long battles that last forever and like to spend a ton of time on games. I give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,270150,22330133,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Atree,gg
76561198082933369,Recommended,270150,25227391,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Untouchedyeti,Just good fun! Loved it! Better than COD! Ahaha no really it is!
,Recommended,270150,15230061,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Josephi Krakowski,">Fighting really hard battle for a town.>About to capture, finally!>10...>9...>8...>7...>6...>5...>4...>3!>2!>Friendly tank out of nowhere flies in and crushes large group of people.>Brownpants regain full control over area.10/10 would crush with tank again."
76561197978610525,Recommended,270150,15230288,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,diomedesbc,Came across this game on the steam store home page and decided to check it out.  Downloaded the demo and I was hooked!  They sure have a recipe for success.  Really feels like a battle raging and I've been amazed at some of the intense fire fights I've been in.  Started playing some CO-OP with my kid.Worth checking out and very good price.
76561198080207561,Recommended,270150,15330716,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Imua,Music is swag
,Recommended,270150,14549015,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,AnCom Frog,"Absolutely fantastic.This game is perhaps one of the vital things I've been looking for, something you can just sit down and play at any time.Such a simple game, yet so fun. I really, really do enjoy it."
76561198120597552,Recommended,270150,23934667,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Toothpaste,Just like most other shooter games; you get a sniper and you win.
,Recommended,270150,13614765,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Terminator,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,270150,13011328,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hurricane's a comin,Self Explanatory10/10
,Recommended,270150,28179905,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,cowboydirtydan,"Great game, updates frequently, fun to play. you'll die a lot, it's part of the gameplay. vthere is no victory without sacrifice, after all."
,Recommended,270150,16024682,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Local Seed Dealer,Sent a squad of 10 to their deaths. 666/10 would send squad to their deaths again
76561198039476246,Recommended,270150,15692281,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Cullenjackrat,Pretty cool.
76561198086188777,Recommended,270150,22091910,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Stooge-Boy,"When I first saw this game, I thought it was very bland, and boring. But when I started playing, I realized how amazing this game is, and how many different ways you could play. I haven't tried multiplayer yet, but I'm assuming it's just as good as the single player campaigns. 10/10"
76561198052717738,Recommended,270150,17146519,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ApocryphalJackal,"Amazing. But watch out for friendly AI when they are driving, they don't care if you are in the way."
76561198085090634,Recommended,270150,22968552,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,lιl jeғғ ✓,"This game is fun with friends, But I have no friends."
,Recommended,270150,26635688,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,< blank >,WELCOME TO THE BATTLEFIELD MAGGOTS
,Recommended,270150,26688938,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,dukesi,good idea as a game.. even well made.. there just isnt enough online players. So u end up playing against bots. BOTS! that pretty much ruins the game. would be so much fun to play like 24 vs 24 online players but its not gonna happen.
76561198064215349,Recommended,270150,25631184,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,predator,"love this game, but i cant get in now, plz fix."
76561198053315259,Recommended,270150,28681939,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,R.Y.N.O,"Very good game! Unique combat, many different weapons, and vehicles! The only problem I have with this game is levels can take way to long as battle turn into slugfests with thousands of deaths."
76561197972360913,Recommended,270150,28499444,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Danith222,Great Game Great fun.
76561197961546147,Recommended,270150,22954636,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kaizo,"lot's of fun, and what makes me come back is that it is easy to lean back in your chair and play chill or go 'try hard' sweaty neckbeard with this game. Now with workshop though... it feels like it has come full circle, total worth imo.... running with muskets? yep. running with zombies? yep. running with captain shepherd? yep. maybe someday running with terminators? or running with dune? if modders sink their teeth into this one i think the possibilities are pretty exciting."
,Recommended,270150,26996841,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,<SLUTZ> Comrade Beef,"I gotta tell ya, I've had more fun with this game (And the mods available) than most ""AAA"" games! highly recommended!"
76561198063784140,Recommended,270150,15173100,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mrturtle1,Teams are named after the color of their pants!10/10
,Recommended,270150,15172079,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Gasoline Joe,"A lot of fun, worth the $$$!"
,Recommended,270150,30837062,Posted: 30 March,all,jamesdeal1982,"I was buying dozens of games looking for something interesting to play with my son. Bought this hidden gem and have put loads of time into it with him. He loves it and honestly, it's just a leisurly yet not too casual explosive helluva good time. Definitely buy this game right now."
,Recommended,270150,17066915,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Full DPS Reinhardt,"This game is amazing, like an extremely chaotic planetside 2 mashed with battlefield and made into a top down shooter. The mechanics are fluid, runs very well, 10/10"
76561197970622085,Recommended,270150,15264572,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,*oblon,"coop is for me a little bit boring....BUT DOMINATION RULES. Its just too funny running with tons of soldiers into a gigant battle on gigantic battlefield supported by tanks, apcs, miniguns and other deadly stuff..."
,Recommended,270150,13352687,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,nascar driver ralph fiennes,kills prisonergets promotion10/10
76561198137760167,Recommended,270150,28381656,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RPGnosh,Very fun game! Very recommended! would like asome more variety in game modes or some story but still well worth the price.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5thcdWaf8w
76561198028768544,Recommended,270150,28445571,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,lukasp89,"Quick to learn, everybody has same chances, impossible to ""cheat"" like jumping on spot..."
,Recommended,270150,22100038,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Snazzy,RUNNING WITH RIFLESi get a gun. i run.i die. i get a gun. i run. i take cover.i peek around corner. get a 400 collat. go back. peek back. notice i forgot to reload. i dieREPEATign/10
76561198061207244,Recommended,270150,28353013,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,eli,pretty good i guess
76561198175032371,Recommended,270150,28460488,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Is Tomservice Mad?,awesome!
76561198091520642,Recommended,270150,28350924,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SgtKalash,Amazing game!
76561198082627605,Recommended,270150,28367104,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LtGnar,Unable to play since last update.... Tried reinstalling.. Nothing happens when I try to launch.  Nothing.
,Recommended,270150,25130932,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,General Henri Guisan,Why not ?it is boring a litlle but fun
,Recommended,270150,16981725,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,🐧❄️Icycold❄️🐧,"I love this game, but only with friends because if I play single play I'm all lonely and such :_:"
,Recommended,270150,29512465,Posted: 26 January,all,Pétain,good game for just passing time and mods help keep it interesting
76561197977069906,Recommended,270150,15754974,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,"Battlefield in 2D, without the annoying vehicle-hogging because all the vehicles suck.   Can't complain."
,Recommended,270150,19993512,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,くろほし - 쏘님,fun shooter
76561197972365724,Recommended,270150,15064086,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Grayhamule,This game is theshizney
,Recommended,270150,28957354,Posted: 2 January,all,The Thaitanic,swiggity swag game. 420/10 IGN
,Recommended,270150,29431542,Posted: 22 January,all,Spacewalk,Super simple stress reliever.  This game is actually hard when you play it on hard (the default mode).
76561198260684094,Recommended,270150,30849675,Posted: 31 March,all,Catto,The game is pretty exiting..just hoping that it wont be a abandoned project after a few years later and put my money to waste..other than that i suggest giving it a try
76561198179543951,Recommended,270150,32076429,Posted: 30 May,all,"Neil ""Dank Grass"" Tyson",Well. If you like violence mixed with tactics mixed with board games then whip out your wallet because this game is great. The End.
76561198029256886,Recommended,270150,32387424,Posted: 13 June,all,Spaceman Spiff,"Fantastic Game! Very engaging, and surprisingly difficult."
76561197966720005,Recommended,270150,31312612,Posted: 22 April,all,Alesch,"This game reminds me of Soldat, and if you've played Soldat then that should be recommendation enough."
,Recommended,270150,31493055,Posted: 1 May,all,Kafes,This game reminds me of playing Army Men when I was a kid. Its so much fun to go around in the battlefield and kill enemies. My only complaint is the lack of content/updates. I recommend that you give this game a go!
,Recommended,270150,32143191,Posted: 2 June,all,Justin55555,"Fun game, spent quite a few hours already playing, takes some getting used to.Note: Final Mission 2 on Greens can be really difficult, soloed the rest of the campaign, this one took a while."
76561198338226557,Recommended,270150,32416607,Posted: 14 June,all,desrtoy3r,"it""s a pretty good game> it kinda like battlefield but its top down :D, the game is actually pretty gd i would recommend downloading it and paying for it totaly worth it."
76561197967812484,Recommended,270150,31410202,Posted: 27 April,all,Daisy,"Excellent top down tactical shooter action across large sprawling battlefields involving hundreds of Ai and Human soldiers.Regular updates continue to add new maps, weapons, vehicles, items, and game mechanics."
76561198030602638,Recommended,270150,31670296,Posted: 10 May,all,Slack,"The original GTA meets meets COD at its finest, frustrating but also super fun"
76561198287417223,Recommended,270150,31686081,Posted: 11 May,all,jenillegouws,Never played such a good game before Good job :D
,Recommended,270150,31739285,Posted: 13 May,all,James the Spooky Socialist,Playing online and I got crushed by a humvee falling at the speed of light because I walked onto the spot where another player called in a humvee drop.10/10
76561197978379862,Recommended,270150,31849063,Posted: 19 May,all,Killy the Bid,It's a fun little game with a surprising amount of depth.  You will die a lot as you are not a 1 man army.  Play it with friends.
76561198149553366,Recommended,270150,32092616,Posted: 31 May,all,stankywizzleteets,If only there was a first person game like this
,Recommended,270150,32092816,Posted: 31 May,all,Juba | ム,"I Recommend this game. Good things: Decent catalogue of weaponry, Good maps, Decent AI (Or should i say Murderous), Simple controls and instructions very clear, (tho don't blame me if your thing gets stuck in M2, M72 or RPG).Only Downside which i noticed is that the game gets pretty boring after sometime if you play alone, so i recommend taking a group of friends with you to fool around the maps."
,Recommended,270150,32150163,Posted: 3 June,all,Sean,"Beautiful game, though most times the player base seems a little thin."
,Recommended,270150,32154229,Posted: 3 June,all,Creatismus,"It's not really the most realistic or tactical shooter out there. You mostly just run to the front, shoot a bit, die, repeat. However, it is pretty damn fun to run to the front and shoot a bit, and I like the RP system, which is  a sort of currency that you buy your loadouts with, which you fill up by collecting rare items dropped randomly by other soldiers and bringing them back to base."
,Recommended,270150,32164144,Posted: 3 June,all,Littlejb17,♥♥♥♥ing love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!! so fun love the mods expecualy the zombie mod !!! so cool good job!9/10
76561198371783536,Recommended,270150,32644619,Posted: 22 June,all,LeQuack,lit.
76561198299293656,Recommended,270150,32658721,Posted: 22 June,all,Crizit,"Such a good game, i recommend it so much. The game is smooth and graphic made it look like im playing in a WWII comic book. Overall 11/10"
76561198035679205,Recommended,270150,32800738,Posted: 25 June,all,frostisimo,"Very good game, campaigns can get tedious so I stick to multiplayer or quickmatches"
76561197962150203,Recommended,270150,31487012,Posted: 1 May,all,QUACHIMBA,Simply put this is amazing. RWR reminds me of cannon fodder but done 10 times better in every single aspect. The only thing I wish they'd improve is having additional squad commands
76561198004146913,Recommended,270150,32091407,Posted: 31 May,all,AnfallsDoorfan,Easy and fun
,Recommended,270150,32231532,Posted: 6 June,all,Johnny Sebastion Pipe,Fun classic! Would play again!9/10
,Recommended,270150,32240861,Posted: 7 June,all,Samtha,"If you've ever player the Cannon Fodder games from the 90s, this is basically the same, but in an open world/sandbox-y format. It does rather throw you in the deep end, explaining very little about even the basic mechanics, but you should be able to pick it up fairly quickly. Just expect to die a lot. Like, A LOT."
76561198030940734,Recommended,270150,32313289,Posted: 10 June,all,Grisapa,Real fun and sometimes pretty difficult. Got it for half off but would easily have paid full price
76561198059778379,Recommended,270150,32316910,Posted: 10 June,all,ZombieSlicker,"amazing game, its perfect for passing the time and it means you have to put the work in it to get better.all in all its a pretty good game and i plan to spend a lot mor time on this gamealso being able touse mods makes it even better haha"
,Recommended,270150,32334428,Posted: 10 June,all,Sierra117,"Premier commie slaying simulator for this day and a-Premier capitalist pig dog slayer simulator for today, da comra-Premier russian♥♥♥♥♥♥splayer simulator for this time and place, ja her-Premier ♥♥♥♥ing tyranid slaughter fest simulator, yeah damn right you heard me.Mod support is amazing, community is great, easy to run, easy to play, but not easy to win.A real challenge that doesn't baby the player, and while it does have some few bugs that's expected at this game's stage of development.Under-rated, worth the price, and worth your time, get it while it's cheap before it releases fully and possbly changes price to be more expensive."
76561198274337796,Recommended,270150,32357684,Posted: 11 June,all,Aussie,Love this game I highly recommend that you check it out because it just has so many things other shooters dont have and does these things really well.
,Recommended,270150,32374613,Posted: 12 June,all,riderofdirt,"Such an amazing spin on top down shooter, I love the aspect of having to prone to shoot better. The COOP Camp. is awesome it takes a few seconds to try and figure out which port to forward but after thats its hours apon hours of fun!"
76561198126288195,Recommended,270150,32435603,Posted: 15 June,all,The Revanchist,Really fun game. Just remember to install mods
,Recommended,270150,32649676,Posted: 22 June,all,[APE]Ushanka Man.,"Absolutely amazing game, wish I wasn't in the middle of it right now so I could write it a decent review. Thumbs up all the way.Get this game if you like:Isometric ViewAwesome weapon modelingCool low-poly-ish artLARGE SCALE BATTLESAMAZING OPTIMISATIONAmazing devs that put lots of work into both the community and gameEZ LAN and server hostingRunning with rifles and other assorted weaponsGood Singleplayer and Multiplayer both."
76561198012386918,Recommended,270150,31616044,Posted: 7 May,all,Bugs,This was a surprisingly fun and easy game to get into.  Wish there were a few more levels to it however.  This is co-op type of game that's just fun to play with friends and I do stress FRIENDS.
76561198308148665,Recommended,270150,32378704,Posted: 12 June,all,Altis Spinax(Trading RL),nice top down shooter
76561198382142848,Recommended,270150,32180554,Posted: 4 June,all,Diobolical,"Amazing and fun game, with a large modding community and the constant updates the game always has content, RWR is also not that repetititive."
,Recommended,270150,32339052,Posted: 11 June,all,BigNath/weed,"Buy this game when it is half price, it is way too expensive and don't waste money. If you like war-type games, this is for you."
76561198076342843,Recommended,270150,34054109,Posted: 5 August,all,John Mctiggs,For a top-down shooter this game is pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,270150,34085919,Posted: 7 August,all,Mekakoopa,"Fun, yet surprisingly tactical."
76561198046401692,Recommended,270150,34137375,Posted: 9 August,all,Flameless,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,270150,15194322,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,HotPocketChris,>plays campaign>spawns and immediatly finds ipod>gets ran over by friendly bot in a truck>bots tells me to get out of the way11/10 wud play again
,Recommended,270150,34456561,Posted: 24 August,all,Summer,13/11 would run with my rifle and drive around aimlessly in my jeep again
76561198160412736,Recommended,270150,34411043,Posted: 22 August,all,lachlan.tierney1964,"This is an absolutely amazing game!It has awesome and realistic graphics, fluid and intense gameplay!And the player decides how they want to win the game.You really should keep updating this game, add some new guns and maps!"
,Recommended,270150,15258173,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,<GFR>Akishot,Great only two problems. Aiming and movement
,Recommended,270150,15821052,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,W.A. the Anum,"RWR is a topdown Multiplayer shooter. The system behind is great but you must deal with it that, as sample, every bullet ""can"" kill you. Yea, thats right.You dont have HP or a health-bar or like. Each weapon has a ""Kill probability"" (which is mostly around 50%) - which simply means every second shot kills someone.But i really enjoy this game and the idea behind, even the lvl up system is great and you can get a lot weapons you can use and find. Next the RP system which is kinda the ""money"" in the game: slightly better stuff costs more - mostly radio calls (which are pretty helpful in some situations).I can only say that this game is really great made so far. I played it since earlier versions (0.82???) and it got better and better. Worth the price and thumbs up.Also for a lil more help about the weapons and its Kill probability, you should maybe go here:http://runningwithrifles.gamepedia.com/Weapons_and_equipment(my personal fav is the MP5SD~)"
,Recommended,270150,26646357,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,medhathobo,"Incredible game. Simple premise, but the actual tactics you as a player can use in this game is deep. Fair AI, good amount of customization for individual games, great mod support which has only been added on to more and more with every update of this year, and great devs."
,Recommended,270150,15341872,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Ambushreaper,AWESOME GAME!!! TOTALLY WORTH THE MONEY BOI
76561197983147645,Recommended,270150,15223718,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Scourge,"If you remember the classic CANNON FODDER and liked that, then you'll love this :D"
,Recommended,270150,14550317,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tex Mex,how to winTHEY CANT KILL ALL OF YOU COMRADES.ORRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH(charge to your death like the hundreds around you)
76561198033350075,Recommended,270150,29545962,Posted: 28 January,all,Dicc Attacc,"The Russians dropped a Laptop that gave us a special ops suit and a silended sniper rifle. My buddy and I flanked the Americans and took the ranch, whilst destroying their supplies. They didn't even know what hit them.11/10, would take the Ranch again."
76561198212881996,Recommended,270150,29550912,Posted: 28 January,all,Sgt.Bulldog,Ehmmmm what to say here... JUST BUY IT
,Recommended,270150,15413304,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Conboy137,Saw my squadmates get pinned down by heavy machine gun fire.  I got scared and ran.10/10 would run away again :D
76561197987583749,Recommended,270150,17371345,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mulder,"-a bit complicated to figure out how to play, but once you understand how it works, the fun begins.- fun to play online, but single player will give you quite a challenge as well. Like, frustrating at times :)I'd recommend this for blowing some steam off after a stressful day."
76561198031791162,Recommended,270150,17568396,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Lord Camulos,"The Graphics are low and it reminds me of a game from the 1990's, But this game is Extreamly fun and very well done. this is to show you graphics don't matter in all games. I recommend this for all to play. I'm glad these types of games are making a come back."
,Recommended,270150,17626684,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Smell of Dial Gold,"Running With Rifles is a simple game of trial and error. You will start your career as a low-level grunt, throwing yourself into the front lines in an attempt to rambo your way to victory, as you have been trained to do in so many other games. You will try this and you will die. Quickly.""Alright..."" you think to yourself, ""I get it: I should just sneak around back and take the objective from behind! Yes! I'll take this silenced pistol and..."", and before you have a chance to finish your thought, you have been killed by a small patrol group on your way to the objective.""I see! It's all so simple! I just need to move slowly. I'll get to the objective, bring a sniper rifle, so I can scan the field ahead, and silently take out any patrols along the way."" As you make your way to the enemy objective, careful to avoid any unwanted attention, you see a group of two guarding what appears to be the only enterance to the objective. You creep up hiding behind bushes and trees, finally within pistol range of your targets. You quickly reveal yourself popping off two quick shots, killing the first guard, but missing the second. After noticing you, the guard runs behind cover. You move to flank his position, but you see other enemies are closing in. You are alone in the enemy base with dozens of rifles trained on your position, woefully underequiped for the situation. You decide to make a hasty retreat before the enemy is able to completely surround you, though in order to do so, you risk exposing yourself to enemy fire. You make a run for the exit, bullets whizzing by you. With enemies close behind, you set up a position, taking cover behind a small rock, sniper in hand, and begin cutting down their numbers. Just as they begin to initiate their retreat, you are killed by an APC that had run up behind you, while you were focused looking the other direction.This is a good game. There is plenty of room for a variaty of tactics, more of which make themselves available to you as you progress through the ranks, earning weapons, arial support, troops, and equipment.The A.I. is competent. You will find them assaulting, flanking, and retreating in ways that make your life far more difficult, though I will say veichle control is not something they have mastered quite yet.The weapons all feel powerful, and all have distinct advantages and disadvantages.Maps all feature similair features and terrain, however are made to feel distinct and unique.Though frustrating at times, this game rewards thinking outside the box. Exploiting weak points in the enemy defense is just as important as maintaining a strong front line.If there was one thing I would like to see added, it would be more game modes. To my knowledge, there is only the campaign mode, which is excellent, however can begin to feel a bit redundant after a couple of successful levels. Some sort of CTF, wave defense, or king of the hill game mode(s) would be very welcome, though with the one update we get every two months or so, I am not sure we will be seeing any of those soon.All and all, great game. Good buy.8.5/10"
76561198100644872,Recommended,270150,17638103,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Means Of Production,Never have I been this angry at a game and still played through the rage10/10 would murder thousands of green scum again.
,Recommended,270150,17664384,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Saltash,"I had a whole review typed for this game out, but I deleted it.JUST BUY THE GAME IT'S MORE THAN WORTH YOUR MONEY IF YOU'RE EVEN REMOTLY INTERESTED IN IT"
76561198189824528,Recommended,270150,17664957,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,NovelRoyale,"Solid game, hours of fun."
76561197978973503,Recommended,270150,17709790,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ODIN,"This game is fun!  None stop action from start to finish!  No spawn times... you die and your right back in the thick of it, Highly addictive game play.  The single player campaign is great; a side from the AI being a little stupid at times. They take the armoured tanks and trucks and drive in circles not even heading to the front lines at times, The other problem is not too many people are playing this game online.  about a couple dozen servers running and only one that has people playing on them. about 19 out of 32 people.  Thats a shame really, this is the kind of game that would be better played with real people seeing that the AI is dumber than a second coat of paint.  Battles can be long in the campaign with you loosing ground and gaining ground at a moments notice, As of writing this review I have three hours in this game and that was just fighting the first campaign!  Three hours! You level up and unlock better weapons as you play.  Real combat tactics are needed here people! So you call of Duty kids have no place playing this game as you need team work!  no death match here... if you play like that your going to spend a great deal of your time respawning.   You can save your single player campaign as you go, so you can come back and pick up where you left off.All in all its a good buy,  Just wish more people played this gem of a game!"
76561198068985471,Recommended,270150,17328190,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Fagtastic,Cant get enough of this game it is a fun well polished little game.
76561198125114200,Recommended,270150,28168991,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,advancedmeat,game is great.
76561198236219160,Recommended,270150,25539979,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,The Small Canadian,Amazing game!
76561198124069085,Recommended,270150,29410175,Posted: 21 January,all,Badly Educated sand man,it's a pretty great game.
76561197993276337,Recommended,270150,29404151,Posted: 21 January,all,DaddyChillis,10/10 Great Co-Op experience.
76561198080326037,Recommended,270150,29403538,Posted: 21 January,all,[DFS] Überfighter,It's really good because of the fact that you are just a soldier and it is so RAGE INDUCING JESUS!cyujhhfdgsjtsfncvjah
76561198009422532,Recommended,270150,15431868,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,[TFA] TIN,good game but you must level up again in multiplayer
,Recommended,270150,35453987,Posted: 3 October,all,Noosha | CS.MONEY,just yes.
,Recommended,270150,26736195,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Dhavey,Basically Battlefield 1
76561197984018275,Recommended,270150,15216495,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[RF]Nordace,"It felt to me like a mix of GTA 2 and that of Soldat, that curious 2d game from sometime back. A great bullet hell where your teammates are changed out quicker than the air in your lungs as you watch the great rain of grenades descending upon you... And boom! You sir, are now your own cousi.... Wait belay that, you just got sloshed again. You are now your cousin's cou.... Nope... And so it goes on and on.But it is ridiculous, it's great, it's fun and it's perfect for PvP. Great for COOP with your friends who you might've exhausted every other COOP game together with. And naturally fantastic fun for compulsive looters/hoarders. You get your own stash to fill up with whatever battlefield goodness you come across, complete with a proper backpack when your pockets can't seem to deal with the load.You are one face in an army of many. If you want to live you have to be clever. but death is just a shot away.If you are bored. Get it.If your friends and you are bored. Get a 4-pack.Sales are nice ofcourse, but this game gives you adequate fun for its price."
,Recommended,270150,15197530,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hasty,"This game is very good! Good gameplay, Nice graphic style, Nice action-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Replayability is not amazing but its still very good!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------8.5/10 Would run with my rifle again"
76561198002642742,Not Recommended,270150,17939802,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Geneface,"Unable to choose sides in a PVP map made me regret getting multiple copies of this game. The fact that character progression in terms of items unlocked and commands available are SERVER-side made me stop playing this game.Kinda fun aside from that, but the hurdles required to enjoy this game are too high for me."
76561198083542197,Not Recommended,270150,15395020,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,speersc,"For my full review with pictures check out my blogGame On!Fun Rating:5/10Pros:Gore level slider option; Quick respawns; Mossberg 500; Small file sizeCons:Co-op didn’t work; Vanilla Single player; No tutorial; No chat censorA Co-op Game That You Can’t Play Co-op…Is Not a Co-op Game!The main reason that I purchased this game was to play co-op with my bro. We spent the first 45 minutes trying and failing to get co-op to work. This is a game made for multi-player and the store page lists co-op as a function. So I would expect there to be an easy “Invite Your Friend” option. Nope. Let me check the wiki. That didn’t work. We haven’t had this much trouble connecting to play co-op since Rainbow Six: Vegas 2, but that is Ubisoft and we were playing it long after the official servers had been shut down. This is a recent release and co-op failed to work.Multi-player Chaos!When co-op failed us we decided to try a mass multi-player game on an official game server. First we were going to try an Invasion game but the last two slots closed up so we chose Dominance. Running With Rifles is a “top-down tactical shooter with open world RPG elements. In RWR you join the ranks of an army as a common soldier, just like the thousands around you.” We were thrust into a chaotic war scene with no idea of what to do. We ended up on different teams so we still weren’t getting any sort of co-op experience. I chose to follow some dudes wearing the same brown uniform as me. We all look exactly the same. Killed. I guess should hide behind a rock next time. Killed. At least I respawn instantly and fairly close to my last position. Let me take a quick look at the map. Killed. Game ends. Never even got to see my bro. New game starts. Let’s see if there’s some leaders or organization to this chaos. Well, there’s definitely lots of uncensored swearing in the game chat. In one screen shot that I took I didn’t realize it until I was going to use it for this review, but it had the “N” word in it. Delete. There is the option to turn off chats, but for a tactical game with 32 players in it one would assume that you would need to communicate with your teammates in order to win. If only co-op had worked…Ain’t Nothin’ Like a Mossberg 500!It’s my personal choice for home defense and I was glad to see it in this game. The game does offer lots of choices for weapons, but you have to gain experience and level up to be able to use most of them. At least the Mossberg 500 is one of starting choices. One shot and your target is down! And reloading only puts one shell in so you have to hit “R” eight times to fully reload it, but that’s a good thing. Makes it feel more like a shotgun. I finally went on a 5 kill streak, but I still ended with 34 kills to 79 deaths. And each death gives you negative experience thus making gaining experience and leveling up towards the better weapons difficult.Vanilla Single Player!While the multi-player mode was crazy with bullets flying everywhere and me dying every three seconds, the single-player mode was a breeze, a boring breeze. There was no tutorial to explain what to do and no sense of a story or real campaign so I set off following everyone else. I rarely died although still didn’t earn enough experience for better equipment. And when I completed the first level…nothing…There was a quick pop-up window showing some level stats, but no cut-scene and no new level loaded. Me and my bot soldier pals just hung around commenting about the silence before the storm yet there was clearly no storm. Finally, after driving around in a supply truck (and running over two of my buddies who failed to get out the way, perhaps the best part of my game experience!) I realized that there are these white icons on the map with names of locations. What are those? Oh, those are the “warp gates” to new maps and levels. The lack of a tutorial had me thinking that there was a bug. I don’t need hand-holding, but a little direction would have been nice.Graphics and Top-down View Just Don’t Do It For Me.The graphics for the vehicles and environment are simple yet pleasing, but nothing to write home about. At least a super power graphics card isn’t necessary meaning just about anyone should be able to play the game just fine. The top-down view is different from most tactical shooter games, which I’m fine with, but the soldiers just seemed really small and indistinguishable and I felt that there wasn’t enough line of sight. I could only see a few feet in front of me when I should have been able to see further in order to better avoid enemies and gunfire. One option that I did like was the “gore level” slider. While I enjoy shooter games I’m not a big fan of over-the-top blood and gore. Some games will give you an on/off or a “less gore” option, but I had not seen a slider before where you can choose exactly how much you want to see.Try The Demo!If you still feel that this might be the game for you, do yourself a service and download the demo first. It’s received rave reviews on Steam so clearly others are enjoying the game."
,Not Recommended,270150,23041143,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CMDR Sweeper,"(Review was given an update at 4/9-2017 9th of September)As a quick reference, I am talking about this game from a Co-Op standpoint, NOT a PvP one.Running with rifles is a game that seems very interesting and seems to cater to your love for the old DOS game named Cannon Fodder.It doesn't play exactly like Cannon Fodder did, seeing as you do not have a squad trailing you that you have as lives.You are basically controlling a single infantry man fighting others, and you keep respawning when you die.That is fair enough, however the core of the game is flawed, in Cannon Fodder there was always a sense of progress, but in this game that is missing.What do I mean? For an example you get the feeling that you can unlock weapons by bringing them back to the armory, but that is just temporary and gives you only 4 hours, before the gun poofs and you have to redo the process.It wouldn't be that bad if this was the only mechanic, but this game has more crap in store for you...Imagine fighting battles where enemies can SPAWN ANYWHERE around you while you are focusing off your character?Because in this game, you have to constantly be looking at the enemy because you get no feedback from the game if your bullets are making contact, so you are spotting for bullet impacts and blood.And while you are doing this, and trying to get that line of sight to make sure the bullet can get there, a guy can SPAWN and move in on you from your rear, left or right flank and kill you.Enemies will also keep spawning in areas where you are fighting, making you feel like you aren't making any progress except killing tons of soldiers.And then there is the ""AI Commander"" that decides which sectors you are to attack, if there are two opposing factors, he will keep cycling you between attacking faction A and B, essentially you are capturing territory A, and losing B.You then move to attack B and lose A and this cycle keeps repeating, forcing you to fight over the same territory for HOURS.The developers take away all sense of progress with this game, and it will quickly frustrate you as a player.And when the progress disappears it becomes tiring and you eventually lose the fun factor after  1-2 hours of playing.Once the fun factor is gone, the game turns into a thumbs down experience...So as a Coop game? Stay away from it, as tempting as it may seem, it needs a massive overhaul and should still be Very Early Access.UPDATE: I have given this game another run through since the initial review, and it pains me to say this...The conclusion still stands, a lot of the annoyances are still there, even after the period of patches it has gone through, which is a shame.So pro tip... Just get and play this game for 1 hour, then you need to stop, I don't care how much fun you have.The reason is that past that one hour, the flaws in the game will start to get to you, and you will really start to get annoyed at it... Longer stints will ruin the future fun this game can provide you."
76561197991962805,Recommended,270150,14171254,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
,Not Recommended,270150,16495253,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,luciffer,"single player campaign is terrible because of poor AI, your faction can't handle anything without you."
76561198114020400,Not Recommended,270150,16403068,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jedzge,"1 pve server with 20 people ... camera system is not enjoyable""fix"" the cam fix the game..."
,Recommended,270150,22760362,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Hyperion ⚓,the most fun game that is not pay to win.....the first time i got into the coop server isdyingdyingdyingdyingdyingdyingdied because of ram by friendly tankdyingdying and finally i learn how to less dying and starts the fun :)i love this game so much xD
76561197969911882,Not Recommended,270150,23801268,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ichthyroid,"Frustrating for colorblind users. Really enjoyed the first few maps where apparently the other faction was a distinct color. But future maps you encounter a third faction which i could not tell apart from my own team. There are apparently some mods but they are not available through steam workshop.If you aren't colorblind, it's fun.If you are, I'd wait until the devs put in a native option. Which according to the message boards they have been thinking about for 2 years. So wait some more."
,Not Recommended,270150,16433406,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Morris Menachem,"Repetitive, boring, little variety, and all around carelessly made."
,Recommended,270150,9933794,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Corrosion,I went running with a rifle!
,Not Recommended,270150,22030389,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Flashp0int,"Honestly, seems interesting. But I got totally bored in less than 20 minutes. I cannot really recommend this game."
76561198122441065,Recommended,270150,30745299,Posted: 26 March,all,Kermit the Frog,"Kermit the Frog here, and I would probably give this game a 9/10. It's pretty challenging, but fun, like really fun, fun enough to be addicting(Like snorting cocaine off of Ms. Piggy's♥♥♥♥♥, but it can be frustrating. Like, you shoot a bunch of dudes, take a base, and feel powerful, and then the entire army comes after you, while your guys just sit and jerk eachother off. Then comes the frustrating part, dying over and over again, while trying to gather things to sell to get yourself resource points, to get weapons and armor, to take back the base you got butt ♥♥♥♥ed in. Even though it is frustrating, like I said, it is fun. But you still haven't even gotten into mods at this point. This game has the capability to be modded into hell, in a good way. Get yourself the Running With Trench Foot mod, which is WWI based, and assault rifles are removed, it's now 1 hit kills, and there's a bunch of extra♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,270150,15619048,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Paulie,NPCs kill you too fast for you to realize where they are 10/10
76561198100752673,Not Recommended,270150,25183622,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,"I don't know if its just me, but I found this game frankly boring, weapons are inconsistent (can 1-shot someone or 5-shot them, and it's a pain) and the singleplayer just has no value to it. Avoid."
76561197978716036,Not Recommended,270150,16799622,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SweenMachine,"No music, allied AI is inert unless you're there, 2XP a kill when you need over 250XP just for the first tier of unlockables. If you like endlessly tedious battles you've come to the right place."
,Not Recommended,270150,20202299,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jam,"Doing the same thing for 30 minutes...to take 1 point out of 6...on 1 map out of 12....Instead of wasting 30 minutes like I did, take 3 seconds to say no to this game."
76561197998859129,Not Recommended,270150,23058739,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,toxast,"Ok, first i have to say that i ve been playing shooters since childhood. I know how to play the stuff.Currenty i have 1503 kills againts 292 deaths and 58 kill streak.But in this game the player doesn't make any difference like at ALL. The more you kill the faster they spawn. And at some point they will kill you and take all the territory you ve taken from them. I have spent 4 hours for the first mission without any progress. And when i started other campain and left the guys unattended for half an hour - they killed everyone on their own and won me a mission!Player makes no difference here."
76561197961273382,Recommended,270150,9982212,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,[Redhand] Orchid,One of the most fun games ive played in along time!  very much worth your 10 bucks ^^!involves Action Stratigy mixed with RPG elements with a nice level rp system dont worry no stat ♥♥♥♥♥s in this game ;)i give this a 7/10    just due to lack of online server's and players... single player needs Mod support and online workshop..IF THIS GAME GETS WORKSHOP GG look out #1 seller
,Not Recommended,270150,18281823,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Torden,"The setting, idea, everything, controls etc is good. However the execution and gameplay is kinda poor. It was such a hassle to get into a co-op game with my buddy. It also seems like the games never end. You can't just go into a game and wrap things up in an hour, the matches become stalemates quite easily where you'll be slugging it out for hours for one base when most maps have at the very least 6 bases. And once you finally reach the last one on some maps, good luck. You can't use commander support so again you just sit there forever in the same area. Not very entertaining. I like the game but it needs a lot of tweaking and reworking to be something I'd recommend to anyone. It's just not very fun and feels like work trying to win on some maps or even simply do co-op."
,Not Recommended,270150,16944874,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Hands,"The game is too complicated for its own good. I bought it thinking it would be a fun top down shooter i could play with some friends like large scale Alien Swarm, Zombie Shooter etc. Its not at all like those games. Better print out the keybindings or else youll be looking at the menu for what button to push every few seconds. I definitely did NOT want a game to spend hours and hours trying to beat one map with a tug-o-war style battle. That is just not fun and a huge excuse for a grinding mechanic for people to sink more hours into a should-have-been basic game."
76561198116478438,Recommended,270150,31531374,Posted: 3 May,all,[82DK]IzzaBinSeen,"This game is awesome and great, i did encounter an issue where it crashed so i did fix it but other than that best game i ever played online, singleplayer, all of it is amazing, if u do encounter issues apparently u need some AL drives to run it, also those who disliked my review pls take a once relook over and see this pls"
76561198045025777,Recommended,270150,29345573,Posted: 18 January,all,Y-crad,"If you could remove cancerous russians the game would be close to perfectPros:-(mostly) friendly community, who will engage in off-topic discussions and bring back your valuables from the frontlines when you die(except russians, never trust those)-this game has a musket-game developer sometimes chats with me about my french examsCons:-no capital letters exist with this in-game font, so you can't scream at people in chat-russians who know little english, but still try to offend you with their poorly-executed punsPlaying in a group is highly advised, this game has a small, persistent community"
,Recommended,270150,22997795,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Dirvähel #NoTatsukiNoTanoshi,battlefield for small childreni r8 8/8 m8
76561198164721052,Recommended,270150,18951635,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dues Vualt,"What makes RWR so good is also its undoing. You are one man in a giant battle and you must work together, unified under one banner to claim victory. This makes every encounter deadly and tactical. You must hide for cover and flank your enemy.What makes RWR so good is also its undoing. You are one man in a giant battle and you must work together, unified under one banner to claim victory. This makes every encounter deadly and tactical. You must hide for cover and flank your enemy.+ Epic battles+ 1 battle can take even 5 hours+ Realism+ Explodions+ Cars/Airbornes/Tanks and a lot of more!+ Leveling and reputation system!+ Inventory! You can change your weapon, grenades+ lots of weapons+ There can be even 800 soldiers in 1 battle!+ Multiplayer (Players vs bots, Players vs players)+ Free updates!+ Cool graphics+ Nice Soundtrack+ No DLC!+ CampaignCons- You can't destroy big buildings- You can't enter them too :(- Some bugsThere was a man in my squad named Tony KardashianI had him charge the enemy and he died after being shot about 1000 times11/10 Would save the human race from demonspawn again"
,Not Recommended,270150,18831236,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,wolf80207,"https://youtu.be/pkphRfOiSAQVideo summery: BadThis game is pretty bland conceptually with a top down battlefield experience where you must climb the ranks in a imagery army that has no back story and no real plot aside from ""that's the enemy go git 'em!"". Believe it or not however certain types of games (like this one) don't need a story as long as the gameplay is good, not the case here however because the mechanics on display hinder it greatly for example: the camera is permanently at a angle which isn’t a problem as long as you don’t put buildings or some other structures that block your view in a game that requires fast reflexes, which is what happened and plenty of times it feels like the camera is to close any way not giving you enough time to react to your attacker.Of course this is all only the tip of the iceberg with the visuals being bland, muddy and uninteresting, the gameplay lacking complexity with any of it’s weapons or vehicles, no music aside from the one music track in the menu screen that got CONTENT ID’D when I uploaded to youtube, a very long time to climb up in the ranks with very little to do in the meantime and it doesn’t carry over through gameplays, and then finally a extremely poor tutorial stage that somehow explains very little and still wastes your time.So it sound like this is a worst game of the year contender for me then right? Nope it still does have an online component and even though I didn’t play much of it I did find a welcoming community and I can’t say that the offline game didn’t help me learn to play the game since you can make any offline game online, and it does feature a slider bar to adjust your gameplay before you start up a offline map.I can honestly say that this isn’t the worst game I’ve ever played but it’s far from the best it’s got plenty problems, but with it’s problems and how little it takes any chances I have to give it the score it deserves 5/10 average."
76561198090685044,Recommended,270150,28598177,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Supermole,This is the story of how i died. Once apon a time there was a man named MCquick He was a brave soldier untill 1 day a team m8 chuck A FRICKEN GRENADA RIGHT AT HIS FEET Mcquick died that day
,Not Recommended,270150,25182965,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bovive,"Perhaps it is a bit more fun with friends, but I found the gameplay to be rather boring and repetitive. Shoot, die, spawn, repeat. The graphics are good and I enjoyed the atmosphere, but the gameplay was not my style. The tutorial also left much to be desired. It is the only game I have ever refunded on Steam. I should had tried the demo first; lesson learned!"
76561197976422877,Not Recommended,270150,17329343,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Poor Fucking Infantry,"1-every match took at least 3hrs to complete, definately not for casual gamers2-lacks tutorial, dont know what to do and where to go or how the game mechanism works3-basically a top-down Battlefield with no airplanes4-in game progress is extremely slow, you basically need to bleed your enemy dry to win a sectornot recommended unlessyou are a die-hard topdown shooter and BF fan"
76561198051030706,Recommended,270150,28238211,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,gamebob904,BEST GAME EVAR!?!?!?!?!?!
76561198151509380,Recommended,270150,22774654,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,philipae,10/10 so much fun with friends and on your own
76561198003996728,Recommended,270150,13127356,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,wanted31,AWESOME !!!
,Recommended,270150,15261851,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,alika,THIS GAME IS BONKERS
,Recommended,270150,15259850,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Halo1m,♥♥♥♥ YEAH
76561198074239002,Recommended,270150,22957562,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Commander5,"Think of it as a top-down Battlefield, with mechanics that affect your aim based on how much equipment you're carrying, and what stance you're in. Also add in a slight rogue-like element, which means that once a character dies, they're gone for good and you lose small amounts of XP and RP (the game's currency for buying new gear). Since, I referred to this game as a ""top-down Battlefield"", you're probably expecting a few key staples of that series, e.g.Wide-open, expansive maps that allow you to approach objectives from different angles? Check.Nice variety of weaponry and secondary gear, e.g. RPGs, medikits etc? Check.Huge battles featuring numerous soldiers and vehicles? Check.In terms of gameplay value; you have singleplayer (custom games, campaigns and skirmishes), and multiplayer (either PvP or PvE). Singular levels in the campaign, seem to be appropriately lengthy (though I dont know if it's normal for a battle to go on for a couple of hours and still not see a victor). Multiplayer can be 64 player battles or co-op against the AI, though I haven't sampled the multiplayer extensively as of yet.Overall, I'd say that this game is incredible for an indie title, especially at that price point, and would reccomend that everyone buy it immediately!Note that I haven't even mentioned mods in my review, which can easily add many more hours of playtime to your record, and feature total conversions to zombie survival, reskins set in different time periods, and even a ME themed reskin!Final verdict: 9/10"
76561198014426763,Recommended,270150,23966484,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DiM,better than battlefield /Nominated/
,Recommended,270150,9622547,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Psylar,Recommended!
76561198079477782,Recommended,270150,23730910,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Коммунизм,"Ahh Running With Rifles or known as RWR, this game is very fast paced and very fun. You spawn in with a gun and run towards the enemy and just open fire. Over and over again until you are forced to rankup more and more just to get better weapons in order to demolish the enemy over and over again until you are trapped in the cycle, no escape, NO ESCAPE. ENDLESS HOURS OF KILLING THE ENEMY AND GETTING KILLED BY THE ENEMY PLEASE SO HELP ME I'M STUCK IN THE CYCLE HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLP. So do I recommend this game? Yes, Yes I do."
76561198127054440,Recommended,270150,19091343,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Shank!?!?!?!,very good made me fapp fifty times o clock9/11
76561198079530646,Not Recommended,270150,19423839,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bou,"A Co-op mode is what lured me in to buy the game. The first few playthroughs were an absolute blast on a full 32 player PvE server but after 8 hours in total I had the feeling seeing it all. It becomes repetitive, tiresome and even boring. The magic of the game wears off quickly.The reason is the enemy AI. Once you know how the enemy AI behaves you will experience the same battles over and over again. Besides that when you have a small amount of players in a server the battle will often turn out into a stalemate which essentially results into a tiresome grindfest which can take hours to complete.The majority of your deaths is the result of enemy suicidal rushing tactics. You will rarely lose firefights by enemy tactics but often as a result of you being outnumbered and outrushed. They will rush you even if it means death for them. When they rush they do not use any suppressive fire at all.Rushing in outnumbered with a jeep and jumping out when they park it in the midst of your army. Another example is when you are on top of a building and enemies keep climbing up the ladder while I just popped 6 of them at the top end who were doing the same. The enemy does not react to your suppressive fire at all so there is no need using it.You will frequently encounter the situation where you run into an enemy squad in the middle of nowhere while doing a large flanking manouvre. It is like they are being dropped on the battlefield just outside your view. The game has great potential in PvP mode which is unfortunately dead. After 15 hours of total playtime I have absolutely no desire to come back for more due to its repetitive/predictable nature."
76561197967166476,Not Recommended,270150,20005684,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,zz,"If you don't play co-op or multiplayer, this game is wasting your cherished time and money. The end."
,Not Recommended,270150,20016193,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ice Cracker,Woulld probably be a lot of fun if anyone actually played.  PvP Servers are completely empty and the Co-op servers rarely have more than 1-2 dozen people on them.  Don't waste your money.
76561198004311649,Recommended,270150,16376853,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Baneposting Fuckboi,"Hey hey im the black bart simpson you wouldnt believe it!A great game for great people, hot dog!  Dont have a cow man!"
76561197995034824,Not Recommended,270150,16986843,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Nagrastalev,"well, pvp gameplay was really fun, but i find the multiplayer matches too laggy lately.when i started playing, the official servers had people in them. for some reason now, only pve public servers are running. pvp is rare these days and those public servers are waaaaaaaay too laggy. my character teleports around the map. cant play it anymore. running the campaign doesnt really feel fun.devs should find a way to get people back to playing the official servers.matchmaking menu needs improvement. cant sort matches based on ammount of players or game modes.ping is also not known to choose matches that aren't laggy.i play other multiplayer games and lag is not an issue on them."
,Recommended,270150,33143222,Posted: 2 July,all,GRANDIA,It's a game.
,Recommended,270150,32213700,Posted: 5 June,all,Bushwookie,"Ill report you if you kill POWs. I tolerate a lot of stuff, but I do not condone war crimes..."
,Recommended,270150,31571780,Posted: 5 May,all,[21st.NC.A]Rct.Scott_Fox,good ten out of ten would run again
76561198021899450,Recommended,270150,31000517,Posted: 7 April,all,Auzril,"Don't bother with this game, it will ruin your social life.10/10 would lose touch with all non-gamer friends again."
,Recommended,270150,31863443,Posted: 20 May,all,Mana,BACK TO THE FRONTLINES!10/10 will die again
76561198132633245,Recommended,270150,30732693,Posted: 25 March,all,ShreddedPaper,"hey jimmy come down for breakfastill come down in about five minutes10 hours laterare u coming, jimmy you have not been down stairs at all today!Jimmy says ""hold on i just captured my first base.""BEST GAME EVER! 19.234868947521136478132749/10"
,Recommended,270150,33750176,Posted: 23 July,all,d10sk0ur01,"I changed the review from negative to positive. There is no reason to put a negative review on this. But some stuff won't work if you don't have a good rig and especially if you don't have BROAD BAND so 20 mpbs +This is just an opinion not a professional review (need to play hours to make one) since I need the refund I can't play hours.(amount of play hours anyway should be longer for Real Time Strategy games since they need longer time to be understood and played) Anyway this is not a strategy game, but a team game, action game, shooter, vision from above, diagonal perspective.Straight to the point this game is not for me:  nice game, amazing idea and brutal game, my experience was broken by strange sensibility mouse settings with ""delay"", plus 1 server room active (but no problems at finding other people actually, if these were not totally like ""not animated"": I did not find this ""commander in chief"" telling you what to do, nor people playing in team..., and online experience was a flow since today an online connection is in hands of anyone so you find people doing rviolating ROE for fun and stuff like that...I set everything in configuration and even found a section called tweaks and hacks (just couldn't really figure out what in that section I could set, but just the idea that someone setting some gamma or other stuff differently from me can outperform me and I can't since I don't know, for me is big no -no). That kind of stuff is called experience and it is ok, if it is related on settings, like people in FPS editing setting gamma or other stuff to see better the enemies for me is no- no.Secondly: this game is really for those people who play games lot of time, that have a lot of time to spend. It's a really cool idea and I hope they will keep it updated.I don't know if the experience I had is due to my (old) rig or do to the connection (regarding the multiplayer in this second case), but for me the game was not fun, not appealing. It is a game to be discovered and the learning curve is not really flat. Which is a good thing.I repeat, the setting the scenario, the structure of the game is really cool and simple, like oblique point of view vintage game (retrogame), but it's not the kind of stuff for me. I expected people helping or other things,instead people shoot at their mates to tell them to wait or just randomly and this for me is totally DE-immersion stuff.This is something I would never accept in a videogame to happen.If someone shoots a mate on purpose (multiple shots I dnt mean 1) and even wounds him, well that has to be punished with kick from server instantaneous. You can't shoot me because you don't like my camo or whatever comes into your mind. So yes this game gets again as all the online games destroyed by horrible behaviour of players.I am really starting to wonder: is there any game that is well crafted preventing people from behaving like violent harassers just because we are in a videogame (it's not nice at all!) ? Because I find this in many games recently Online experience is really low.No I am not a single player person. I do play a lot online and when people are just careless the experience degenerates in something I don't wanna even try to describe what it is.Now if steam prevents me from having a refund because I bought this with other 10 games on summers sale I am gonna ask refund for everything and good bye steam.It's not nice getting prevented from getting refund because you bought a group of games in the same receipt (it's a huge scam excuse in the case this was confirmed).Suggest this game to all those who are interested in experiencing a new kind of game, very simple.Ah btw, in 10 minutes of game I got 3 desyinc.Maybe I can't play this game because I don't have more then 7 mbps ...Sorry but It's not my game."
,Recommended,270150,15215621,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,James Lister,"Fun Game, this Rocks! 10/10All this running, all this shooting - dat music.non stop action mixed with tactical thinking but still you COD you way around..."
76561198151770541,Recommended,270150,22951406,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Paradox  is  doomed,买来送朋友送亲戚，多好的呢！
76561198012033266,Recommended,270150,28459274,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,RedComrade,Some computers are not powerfull as you know and this game makes them look better. From the size of files you can understand it is not big game but i'm pretty sure about if you buy it that you are not going to regret that decision.
,Recommended,270150,23028695,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,PandaWithAFedora,Worth every cent
,Recommended,270150,29415541,Posted: 21 January,all,Jaws The Dalek,Run as if your life depends on it (which it does)
,Recommended,270150,19080763,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,noc9109,it even allows mods !!!!
,Recommended,270150,18960115,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sorry,"If you like dying a lot, get this game."
,Recommended,270150,9672315,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,trotskygrad,"It's like Battlefield 2 had an orgy with a Top Down shooter.Fun game, really makes you feel like a badass as you drive around in jeeps, shoot people, throw grenades, use your radio to call in fire missions, hijack trucks, etc.In multiplayer it gets really crazy, though the netcode can be a bit glitchy.Somewhere between arcade and realism, you die fast, but you also kill fast and can run around really fast, hence the title.But, at the current price it's a great experience."
,Recommended,270150,15245928,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Amphibious Orc,You can slit the throats of your surrendering enemies.10/10.Felt like a hero.
76561198079563102,Recommended,270150,24117132,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,lipton,every fun and adictive you RUN into emeny line and should RIFLES or other weapons to kill emenies and you can capture points. lead a squad or not i guess
,Recommended,270150,22486393,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Summerwind,Copy of cod omg
,Recommended,270150,16279497,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,velociraptor jesus,Much ShootA lot ActionMany Good
76561197973892545,Recommended,270150,30575999,Posted: 17 March,all,Haffsack,i suck at this game. it is fun though.
76561198171042354,Recommended,270150,23962456,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Our Savior,"Very fun top down shooter with very well made maps and mod support. This game is very good and its a shame more ppl don't play it. I highly recommend it though, the battles are intense but also very fun."
,Recommended,270150,15171313,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,"Sir Tumbles, the Cat Lord",PLAY THIS GAME OR DIE!!
,Recommended,270150,15190622,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,4 minutes,"Buy it.Get it while it's on a sale though, it's actually tons of fun if you happen to have at least 1-2 mates playing with you.It even has a freakin' demo, do that first, get the demo play it for 20-60 minutes and then decide."
76561198096330181,Recommended,270150,22668656,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dankpenguin,Dankest game ive ever played - 69/69 IGN
,Recommended,270150,22920547,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Wip3ou7,"Got on sale (-50%). The game hub says 338 people playing, check the in-game server list and there are less than 50 people playing co-op and 0 (yes ZERO) people playing PVP matches. How could the hub be that off? Where are all the players? The game seems fun enough but there's not anyone to play against. What a shame..."
,Recommended,270150,15421787,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Loops,Waffles.
,Recommended,270150,28401580,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,shajack,"it's kinda ok. only played single player campaign. lacking a squad control mechanism. movement kinda awful. will i recommend?hmmm, kinda.yes and no may be."
76561198060326016,Recommended,270150,15196112,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gunpla!,"I ran with my rifle until I could no longer run with my rifle, And thouroughly enjoyed it.10/10"
76561198217551369,Recommended,270150,19926436,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Fritz  apple,:)
76561198120823276,Recommended,270150,25048592,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,rambow_pony,PREPARE FOR CONSTANT RELOAD this game is so much fun like it really is the single player is fun because you have to rank up and they give you missions and you and a army of guys just show up and a huge battle breaks out and the online omg the online is so good its you bots and other players and you guys just fight it out and both teams are like pushing each other and the team with the more skill wins and its even all it coms down too in online is if you have good players or not and it is so easy to get good at this game so honestly i love this game and for 15$ come on this game is a lot of fun you just have to get used to the movments and all and the ranking system is cool but you kinda have to be patient
76561198001195246,Recommended,270150,14487325,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PYROxSYCO,"It's like a RTS game but some one said ""♥♥♥♥ That I want to shoot guns!!"" and so it happened. This game is the best top-down shooter that you can get where you are a feeble infantry man but learn how to become a hardened badass without the pussified perks and♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT IS HOW REAL BADASSES ARE MADE!!!"
,Recommended,270150,15182584,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,sk9f@st,It was fun... For a week.
76561198058412503,Recommended,270150,15246632,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,The Realist Roe,Let me tell you somethin kids. This is a game about honor. This is a game about perserverance. This is a game about running around and shooting everyone and yelling at the top of your lungs as bullets and grenades whiz by your head and feet. Also horny mags. This game has horny mags. no further discription is needed.
76561198033240156,Recommended,270150,19450052,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mikhail,"Do you remember the feeling when you first played Battlefield and you felt like you were a little particle in a big battle, but you could still affect the flow and outcome of it through the application of your skills, tactics and resourcefulness? This game will make you feel it again. And it's not by EA."
,Recommended,270150,31905707,Posted: 22 May,all,Kid Zispero,Realistic time passage. Played for 4 hours and indeed 4 hours have passed.
76561198329289038,Recommended,270150,31284788,Posted: 21 April,all,aace0fspades,"Overall: Only purchase if you're very interested, played the demo, and the game is discounted/on sale.Negative (if you read negative also read positive):-The gameplay is very interesting and unique in the first few hours, but after a bit it gets sort of repetitive-I wish there was more of a story in the ""Campaign"" mode-I didn't buy the game until after the discount, and I feel that it was only worth the discount price, being that I lose interest after a couple of hours of gameplay (I bought the game for $15)-Multiplayer is more difficult than it should be to set up; it should be easier to connect through Steam-Mechanics such as crouching and proning aren't very effective due to the top-down actionHere's what I found positive:+Gameplay is very unique+Love the mechanics (how you can lead a squad, drive jeeps, request backup, etc.)+Appealing top-down action+Very clear objective+Simple controls while still having customization and cool mechanics such as crouching and proning, though as I said aren't very effective due to the top-down action, however, I'll admit crouching behind cover is effective+Strategic+Interesting graphicsMy score (RUNNING WITH RIFLES lies with #4):1. Do NOT purchase2. Only if you have nothing else to do3. Only if cheap and/or heavily discounted, and you will not regret your purchase4. Neutral/positive; buy if you've played a demo, interested, or maybe discounted    <------ RUNNING WITH RIFLES5. If you're interested/have the money6. Must-haveOverall, I liked the game, I'm glad I bought it.This game has a lot of potential with campaign mode.First review, sorry if you disagree."
76561198220124344,Recommended,270150,31771093,Posted: 15 May,all,The Colonel,nothing to hate about this game
,Recommended,270150,34042770,Posted: 5 August,all,AlphAsan,"Buy this game, play for an hour, get bored, running my Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, join in a deathmatch, got a 4-0-42 soccor, f**ked up, play RUNNING WITH RIFLES, woooo~nice shoot!It is (be honest, this game itself is a piece of ****, but the STEAM WOEKSHOP save it and give it continued life.So for the workshop things,) worth to buy!"
,Recommended,270150,31727627,Posted: 13 May,all,Pickle Rick,best gum evvaaaa
,Recommended,270150,15205652,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Hentai lover,i can say that this game is pretty for considering its 15 bucks 9/10
76561198021504259,Recommended,270150,10032916,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Bearded Mojave,Great concept!
76561198000482770,Recommended,270150,12060487,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Bob,Good Game
76561198043338477,Recommended,270150,26649282,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Brando,"I don't have much experience with top down games but liked the looks and description. I bought it and it's been a blast. There are a lot of those times where everything comes together to create those memorable moments similar in the GTA series.It's cool suppressing an enemy and watching your AI teammates maneuver to attack (without ordering them), or making the flanking attack yourself. The engagments are not a realistic simulation obviously, but you'd be supprised how useful real world tactics are. You can also infiltrate bases from behind while your teammates are attacking the front gate.I do have a little problem regarding my situational awareness, but it's looking like with some experience it should clear up. And i like i can bind my mouse keys to any command.I have not tried multiplayer yet, and am usually not a fan, but this could be a lot of fun with others. I will give it a go when i've had my fill of the campaign.Im glad it was only 8 bucks when it came across my path, i might not have bought it otherwise. But after playing i would consider it definatly worth full asking price."
,Recommended,270150,29708714,Posted: 4 February,all,Zolda,"I ran with a shotgun, does that count?"
,Recommended,270150,29681390,Posted: 3 February,all,Allyion,Hey its a good game! Just dont get caught with too many porn mags in your bag while running to the armory.
76561198014913992,Recommended,270150,29682226,Posted: 3 February,all,Stevo208,Epic war simulator
,Recommended,270150,29703910,Posted: 4 February,all,ZIMBOYE ツ,Very unique. It's more challenging than you'd think.
,Recommended,270150,34087961,Posted: 7 August,all,questingbeast,"Pros:Good communityGood selection of gunsLarge scale battles encourage teamworkCons:The game's tutorial is awful, completely unhelpfulComfusing early onGame takes too long for you to fully unlock items, which would turn away new playersToo expensive for what the game is.5/10, needs work, but is easily playable for an hour or two"
76561198018511640,Recommended,270150,28732125,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ultramarine,is a good game
76561198025493304,Recommended,270150,14583266,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,suncoursing,"Interesting ideas, but the execution isn't quite there. Maybe it will get better after the early access beta.As it is now, campaign and co-op are way too easy and PVP is unbalanced. Defending is much stronger than attacking, leading to PVP stalemates. Four hour matches with no progress.Also, the game is pretty buggy and the netcode reminds me of quakeworld era quake. It has the biggest low ping advantage of any game I've played for 20 years. It's not just the usual thing where you have a hard time aiming. Ask anyone who's played RwR without a low ping about rubberbanding and you'll get an earful. You can get ""stuck"" to structures if your ping is bad.The netcode isn't a huge problem now since there are only a few players good enough to take advantage of low ping (Ram-Kults, EFB, Doommetal, Modest, and maybe two more), but that's going to make PVP bad if the game ever gets widespread adoption.Giving this a thumbs up because it's still in beta, but this would be a thumbs down if the game was a regular release."
,Recommended,270150,25103288,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,nullr0ute,Great
76561198095969027,Recommended,270150,34946947,Posted: 14 September,all,A   T    A,"RWF is a great and a 1 type game actualy. JOHNY EXPLAIN THEM. well emmm first offffff. yea yea yea stop it this is gonna be bad. anyway rwf is a top down,1 to 5 shot dead, open world,tactical,multiplayer/single/coop game with 3 kind of gamemodes first of in campaing 2 modes capture the hill. and normal capture the points. the 1 what is new is 1 vs world mode. you play as lets give him a name JOHNBO (refrenc RAMBO) no friend nothing . you are a man of destuction. this game is good and probably the best. well this ones short because of johne. see ya :D"
,Recommended,270150,30879586,Posted: 1 April,all,Backrub,Great fun!
,Recommended,270150,17733175,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Nightmare,1000/10Amazing but tiny communityAmazing game
,Recommended,270150,17740244,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,PunchclockHorrors,I blew myself up with an artillery strike
,Recommended,270150,17758023,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Guts and Gaiters,More people should play this game.
76561198293825824,Recommended,270150,27318448,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,unholy jeff,a decent top down multiplayer shooter
,Recommended,270150,25560324,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SolidRaven,"Be seated.Men, all this stuff you hear about America not wanting to fight, wanting to stay out of the war, is a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting and clash of battle. When you were kids, you all admired the champion marble shooter, the fastest runner, the big-league ball players and the toughest boxers. Americans love a winner and will not tolerate a loser. Americans play to win all the time. That's why Americans have never lost and will never lose a war. The very thought of losing is hateful to Americans. Battle is the most significant competition in which a man can indulge. It brings out all that is best and it removes all that is base.You are not all going to die. Only two percent of you right here today would be killed in a major battle. Every man is scared in his first action. If he says he's not, he's a goddamn liar. But the real hero is the man who fights even though he's scared. Some men will get over their fright in a minute under fire, some take an hour, and for some it takes days. But the real man never lets his fear of death overpower his honor, his sense of duty to his country, and his innate manhood.All through your army career you men have ♥♥♥♥♥ed about what you call 'this chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥drilling.' That is all for a purpose—to ensure instant obedience to orders and to create constant alertness. This must be bred into every soldier. I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ for a man who is not always on his toes. But the drilling has made veterans of all you men. You are ready! A man has to be alert all the time if he expects to keep on breathing. If not, some German son-of-a-♥♥♥♥♥ will sneak up behind him and beat him to death with a sock full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are four hundred neatly marked graves in Sicily, all because one man went to sleep on the job—but they are German graves, because we caught the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ asleep before his officer did.An army is a team. It lives, eats, sleeps, and fights as a team. This individual hero stuff is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The bilious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who write that stuff for the Saturday Evening Post don't know any more about real battle than they do about ♥♥♥♥ing. And we have the best team—we have the finest food and equipment, the best spirit and the best men in the world. Why, by God, I actually pity these poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s we're going up against.All the real heroes are not storybook combat fighters. Every single man in the army plays a vital role. So don't ever let up. Don't ever think that your job is unimportant. What if every truck driver decided that he didn't like the whine of the shells and turned yellow and jumped headlong into a ditch? That cowardly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ could say to himself, 'Hell, they won't miss me, just one man in thousands.' What if every man said that? Where in the hell would we be then? No, thank God, Americans don't say that. Every man does his job. Every man is important. The ordnance men are needed to supply the guns, the quartermaster is needed to bring up the food and clothes for us because where we are going there isn't a hell of a lot to steal. Every last damn man in the mess hall, even the one who boils the water to keep us from getting the GI ♥♥♥♥♥, has a job to do.Each man must think not only of himself, but think of his buddy fighting alongside him. We don't want yellow cowards in the army. They should be killed off like flies. If not, they will go back home after the war, goddamn cowards, and breed more cowards. The brave men will breed more brave men. Kill off the goddamn cowards and we'll have a nation of brave men.One of the bravest men I saw in the African campaign was on a telegraph pole in the midst of furious fire while we were moving toward Tunis. I stopped and asked him what the hell he was doing up there. He answered, 'Fixing the wire, sir.' 'Isn't it a little unhealthy up there right now?' I asked. 'Yes sir, but this goddamn wire has got to be fixed.' I asked, 'Don't those planes strafing the road bother you?' And he answered, 'No sir, but you sure as hell do.' Now, there was a real soldier. A real man. A man who devoted all he had to his duty, no matter how great the odds, no matter how seemingly insignificant his duty appeared at the time.And you should have seen the trucks on the road to Gabès. Those drivers were magnificent. All day and all night they crawled along those son-of-a-♥♥♥♥♥ roads, never stopping, never deviating from their course with shells bursting all around them. Many of the men drove over 40 consecutive hours. We got through on good old American guts. These were not combat men. But they were soldiers with a job to do. They were part of a team. Without them the fight would have been lost.Sure, we all want to go home. We want to get this war over with. But you can't win a war lying down. The quickest way to get it over with is to get the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who started it. We want to get the hell over there and clean the goddamn thing up, and then get at those purple♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Japs. The quicker they are whipped, the quicker we go home. The shortest way home is through Berlin and Tokyo. So keep moving. And when we get to Berlin, I am personally going to shoot that paper-hanging son-of-a-♥♥♥♥♥ Hitler.When a man is lying in a shell hole, if he just stays there all day, a Boche will get him eventually. The hell with that. My men don't dig foxholes. Foxholes only slow up an offensive. Keep moving. We'll win this war, but we'll win it only by fighting and showing the Germans that we've got more guts than they have or ever will have. We're not just going to shoot the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, we're going to rip out their living goddamned guts and use them to grease the treads of our tanks. We're going to murder those lousy Hun ♥♥♥♥♥uckers by the bushel-♥♥♥♥ing-basket.Some of you men are wondering whether or not you'll chicken out under fire. Don't worry about it. I can assure you that you'll all do your duty. War is a bloody business, a killing business. The Nazis are the enemy. Wade into them, spill their blood or they will spill yours. Shoot them in the guts. Rip open their belly. When shells are hitting all around you and you wipe the dirt from your face and you realize that it's not dirt, it's the blood and gut of what was once your best friend, you'll know what to do.I don't want any messages saying 'I'm holding my position.' We're not holding a goddamned thing. We're advancing constantly and we're not interested in holding anything except the enemy's balls. We're going to hold him by his balls and we're going to kick him in the♥♥♥♥♥ twist his balls and kick the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him all the time. Our plan of operation is to advance and keep on advancing. We're going to go through the enemy like♥♥♥♥♥♥through a tinhorn.There will be some complaints that we're pushing our people too hard. I don't give a damn about such complaints. I believe that an ounce of sweat will save a gallon of blood. The harder we push, the more Germans we kill. The more Germans we kill, the fewer of our men will be killed. Pushing harder means fewer casualties. I want you all to remember that. My men don't surrender. I don't want to hear of any soldier under my command being captured unless he is hit. Even if you are hit, you can still fight. That's not just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t either. I want men like the lieutenant in Libya who, with a Luger against his chest, swept aside the gun with his hand, jerked his helmet off with the other and busted the hell out of the Boche with the helmet. Then he picked up the gun and he killed another German. All this time the man had a bullet through his lung. That's a man for you!8.5/10"
76561198087253794,Recommended,270150,25541981,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,D3THBYBACON,"tiz gud gunz game, lots of pew pew 10/10"
76561197965478715,Recommended,270150,34189693,Posted: 12 August,all,-[CST]- Meticulous7,"Pros:Incredible fun. Excellent war simulator. Intense action. Varied weapons and factions to play with. Vehicles. Line of site combat. Team work wins battles. Ability to build fortifications, mounted guns, etc to help you push forward against overwhelming odds. The satisfaction from finally breaking the enemy out of a position is intense.Cons:IMHO they ruined the PVP, and it shows as no one plays it anymore. Originally, it was the same format as PvE, only with lots of players on all sides. Now, they changed it so a player, vehicle, etc., is completely invisible until they're in your line of site.Now, while they may seem logical, it makes it incredibly difficult to pinpoint enemies, scout locations, etc. Enemy units flicker like phantasms caught between dimensions as you move between cover and buildings. While in real war you wouldn't know exactly where the enemy is, you also wouldn't forget the second you looked away (which IMHO, is the case with the current system). Even something that displays the enemies you saw in a timed fade out (say, you see frozen highlights of enemies/vehicles for 5-10 seconds before you need to scout them again.The pros far outway the cons, and PvE is a BLAST as the AI can be quite formidable. I've had games full of long term players that we LOST to the AI despite bitter resistance from our part. So, if you feel a lack of PvP is a game breaker, don't. The PvE is extremely satisfying, and while I started my journey in PvP when the game was first released, I come back time and time again for a few hours of PvE fun.Bottomline: Excellent and cheap top down war simulator. Tons of action and huge, hectic representations of battles. I highly recommend supporting the developer at full price, BUT, if it's onsale just buy it without a second thought. I have seen it as low as $5 before.Even at full price, I have 50-60 hours into this game, well justifying the cost of entry. These guys put out a sleeper hit that fell under the radar and it's a shame, as only the dedicated remain. However, there is always a huge boost to the population with every sale, keeping the community healthy.Any time of day, there are a large number of people on all of the PvE servers (be it Euro or USA.)Just get it and enjoy. It's the type of game that's difficult to master but easy to pick up, so you should know if you want to return it well within 2 hours. My bet is that you'll be too busy loving it to keep track of that time limit :D"
76561197982670688,Recommended,270150,23695680,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,obiewon,Enemy: DON'T SHOOT WE SURRENDER!Me: nah lol*slits enemy's throat*10000/10 would war crime again
,Recommended,270150,28701428,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
,Recommended,270150,30817976,Posted: 29 March,all,A5Gold,DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLCDLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLCDLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC VDLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLCDLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC
,Recommended,270150,23040925,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chauris,10/9  bcs. need more updates/mods :)
,Recommended,270150,34455796,Posted: 24 August,all,Ozone_Pro90,"gudits worth itbut really, change the name to something cooler and more modern, and please change the music, its lame... Like i love the game all and all, but the music and the name is just cringe sometimes.,anyways the gameplay of this game is spot on, and is really fun"
76561197988814960,Not Recommended,270150,18886138,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SuperHans,"It's really fun and can be addictive but since the AI are gods and get lucky 100% more than you, you will die all the time. I will give a few simple examples from one hour of gameplay. Also the bullets in this game are on a RNG basis meaning you can have all the skill in the world and still lose to AI. I flanked 3 clustered bots like a pro, shot them in the♥♥♥♥♥with 30 rounds from my m16 and no one died. Apparently all my bullets did not get the kill shot generated but then one ai turned and killed me in one bullet as he and his friends are covered in a pool of blood from my bullets but will not die.Examples-1. one AI soldier turns corner and mows down three of my ai and myself while in a full sprint and getting shot at.2. I am crawling by a rock around 40 of my own AI and proceed to get killed with one stray bullet and my AI and teammates are ok with no losses.3. I watched an entire platoon of grey charge the exact spot a rare weapon lays and camp it. I chose not to shoot at this platoon and instead observe them doing exactly that. Sitting on a rare weapon until it despawns.4. The AI can sense you behind them even within seconds of shooting in the complete opposite direction. so timing it so you have the drop down does not work.In summation I would never recommend this game to any one of my shooter game friends until they add a hardcore mode that requires skill and reaction speed instead of luck of the draw and RNG♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sorry to sound rude but you can only be killed by a man you shot 10 times so many times before you snap. I will never play this again until a hardcore mode is developed. Men of War already has AI that have a field of view and I don't see why RWR can't have that for yourself and all the AI.UPDATE: So I went and killed 74 Ai from a roof and proceeded to die from a bullet that flew from off my screen to the right. It was not any one on screen or below. Found that odd. I get you are supposed to die because war is war but seriously when the server smacks you in the face for kicking♥♥♥♥♥it gets on your nerves.UPDATE: Still sucks and is un fair for anyone to actually enjoy without putting 100 plus hours a week into it. The AI can still godlike out shoot you and your friends. The friendly AI is basically meat shields to soak up any bullets that magically DON't hit you. The enemy AI needs to be given to the US military so it can run our wars perfectly. Still get sniped from nowhere when the game decides you have been alive long enough. Still garbage. Still trash. Not even fancy trash with an E at the end (Trashe). Just regular ol trash. The game is only fun when you play with friends.Update: Some of the top players say you have to learn how the AI works but a random bullet with your name on it from off the screen is learnable. It's about luck and I have♥♥♥♥♥♥luck so if you have♥♥♥♥♥♥luck then this game will only kill you. Have fun.MAKE A HARDCORE MODE WHERE SKILL IS HOW YOU GET KILLS. NOT SHOOTING AN AI 6 times and randomly killing him. If my bullet hits their face they should DIE. Why would any game ever have a random number generator for BULLETS!The game would be bloodier and alot more fun with a hardcore mode like that. There are even mods that do this already and the game goes much more smooth. No more hero AI that can gun you and 4 of your AI down while RUNNING through a pool of his own blood from being shot 20 times. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb."
,Not Recommended,270150,32485653,Posted: 16 June,all,SuspectedVirus,"Do play the demo first. There is a game here, I think....I just refunded my first game, and it was Running with Rifles.  It seems like a game that would be right up my alley.  But I found the tutorial to be very opaque.  I didn't really know what I was doing, how do change the throw range of my grenades? how do backpacks work?  Why is the first thing I see a sign about radios, but my guy says he can't use a radio? How does the cover system work?  What about squad commands? What are RP?  How do I get them, and how are they spent? Do they carry over between games?  All this and more could have been handled in a 5 minute tutorial mission.  None of it is.  And armed with only these questions, and my knowledge of the keybindings from the options menu.  I joined my first story mission, and ran around with rifles and killed a few bad guys, and died a bit.   And repeated that for about 30 minutes.  And was in basically the same state I started the game in.  I don't feel I had any agency, or impact on the overall outcome of the game state.  I gave both the tutorial and the opening campaign mission (this time on casual) another try, and after the same frustrating feelings of not knowing how to have an impact on the game state.  I decided this just wasn't for me. YMMV, but I had an easier time getting Dark Souls than this."
,Not Recommended,270150,28610003,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,your cycles of guilt,"a realistic war simulator where the enemies will take eight sniper bullets then kill you in one hit with a shotgun from long rangeand where the enemies will come in waves from the direction of your own baseand where they will oh so conveniently spawn in the middle of nowhere, run straight towards you without ever seeing you, and kill you in one hit through a walland their vehicles will literally come out of the blue specifically to hunt *you* down and kill *only you*all the while your teammates are busy jumping over the same wall over and over and over and refusing to do anything about the enemy apc that 360 noscopes you every time you get within a screen length of itwhat a wonderful game"
,Not Recommended,270150,29019699,Posted: 4 January,all,Kenvanme,The game is just honestly not fun... it's more fun to watch others play it on youtube than it is to actually play it. The combat consists of short bursts of you shooting at people and getting killed and then long  stints of walking.
76561198090869576,Not Recommended,270150,34598398,Posted: 29 August,all,J.Bankshaft,"As much as I love all the drunken nights spent playing this game I have to be honest....The multiplayer is dead.you're lucky to find a half full server during peak hours, this game just just can't keep players.it's prime has come and gone.  With a total lack of depth to the campaign and the death of it's servers I just can't recommend this game.sorry it had potential, just terrible execution"
76561198160979374,Not Recommended,270150,28983505,Posted: 3 January,all,Tothetix Offical,"the game idea is amazing and what it is ment for. however i didn't really find it entertaining at all, the bots are just annoying to train aganist and the campain doesn't even exist, the gamplay is slow and most of the time boring.when i first saw this game i loved the look of it, however when i played it, i was massively disapointed in what it had to offer.i wouldn't recommend this game due to it's lack of gameplay and how the tutoiral is so hard to follow or even understand (i figured everything out when not even paying attation to the tutorial (because i was lost on what to do)"
76561197993197707,Not Recommended,270150,31704071,Posted: 12 May,all,ribbakylling,"A game that should easily be recommended, because it has some really good things about itself. But this game has some fundamental flaws, which makes this game hard to recommend. First and foremost, the AI.This is a game where the AI is a central part of the game, both for the enemy and also for your brothers in arms.The enemy AI is decent enough, but your AI-allies are utterly rubbish. On equal terms, your AI-allies will be wiped out by the enemy AI. And this seriously hampers the game. Because even though you can contribute to much yourself, you still have to rely on you AI-comrades. Especially when it comes to holding zones. And well, your AI-comrades cannot do the reliably. In offensive engagement, they also seem less capable then the AI (don't know if that's because the enemy AI is better to defend or that the allied AI is worse to attack, or that enemy AI spawns much faster and better).Also, the enemies seams to spawn much faster and reliably then your allies. They are better to distribute were they are needed, so you constantly feeling that you are swarmed with enemies, while you are in short of allies around yourself. That even if you have equal number of zones and you have set that your allies to have more resources.So all this means that in a game on equal terms as the AI, you have an AI that cannot win zones, but have no problem losing zones.You have to possibility to buff your allies, giving them more resources and better accuracy. But then your AI's easily get too good, and wipe the floor with enemy AI. So it's very difficult to find the right balance to how much buff they need to be competitive.Also, your accuracy seems to be behaving strange. Sometimes, you can't hit almost anything. Other times, you hit everything you aim at.So it's sad that a game with so much potential has such a fundamental flaw. Because this game is extremely fun when it works. There is a lot of intense action, there is a lot of tactical thinking while you also have to think strategically. You have extreme freedom since the whole battlefield is open, meaning you can do all out assault-missions or do ""special ops"" behind enemy lines mission at your own choosing. There is a lot of different weapons, the UI is rather good and the graphics suits the game.The enemy AI also reacts rather good to what's happening in the battle. Meaning if you lay out covering fire, the enemy runs back for cover. But since your AI-comrades are utterly useless, this feature is not as good in solo games. But in co-op, it's a very good feature. The awareness of the AI seems also decent, maning that you feel that their behavior is plausable even though they are little too eager to forget. Because you can have shot at them just a short time a go, but then they forgot all about you. But a lot of games have these AI with short attention span.So this is another could-have-been-a-great-game, that is ruined by a fundamental flaws to it core mechanics."
76561197967918496,Recommended,270150,15191180,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,Me likey me likey. Pretty surprisingly fun. Highly entertaining. Looks simple but its pretty hardcore when you get down to the nuts and bolts.
,Not Recommended,270150,18678504,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,apat,"Plenty of potential ruined by poorly designed AI.Want to play lone-wolf and sabotage enemy assets? You can't cause AI is insane and will start approaching you from all directions because AI always knows exactly where you are.So even if the game appears to be openworld, you're actually funneled into a couple main fronts where you will smash your head against the enemies for hours and have no fun in the process.Once you level up you get more squad NPCs and guns. You will hardly notice the effect of either. Your squad mates will always die and the guns don't make much of a difference. You will also get the ability to call artillery and vehicles that cost hours worth of gameplay for 2 seconds of reward.Playing this game is more frustrating than fun. Don't take my word for it, just look at the constantly declining playerbase. As of writing this review, there is only 1 server with a noticeable amount of players and zero people playing on PvP servers."
76561198015131302,Recommended,270150,28483862,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Alduric,"You know, this game is great! But I would love to see the rank effecting your characters look and also better lan support!"
,Not Recommended,270150,15511647,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TheRealLordMegatron,"It won't work! Keep getting error message OGRE exception 7 internal error etc., etc... Can you help? Or I need my money back."
76561198131599332,Recommended,270150,30743292,Posted: 25 March,all,LVL 10 WEEB,1) Found a vehicle2) Ran people over3) realised it was teammates4) grinded for about 2 hours trying to level back up5) Yelled at friends to get this game6) wrote this review7) The person reading this bought the game8)I'm gonna stop typing now
,Not Recommended,270150,16629840,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gondola Gause,"This game is a permanent stalemate. The idea is fun, the execution is♥♥♥♥♥♥ PVP is everyone to a single point until one side is bummed out or the timer is hit.Problem is: the game is an advertising fraud. There's no ""open world"", there's no ""sabotage"" because a small amount of players is simply meaningless in taking a point and will be overrun easily. It's mass and mass only.The realistic cover system is a sham, that's what it is. You can duck or prone behind covers that may or may not protect you. You have zero influence over that. The controls are so basic it might be a flash game.The ""emergent AI"" will run circles in a car yelling to get out of their way while thinning their own numbers. They will also just run towards a single point in no more than two different approaches. That's not emergent, that's bland.Lastly, the RPG elements are: you kill, you get ranks, unlock weapons and increase your squad. That's it. That's not an RPG, that's basic unlocks like any damn CoD has."
76561198324932619,Recommended,270150,31182321,Posted: 16 April,all,YUPIA,看了老菊的视频后就超级想买，结果现在才找到哈哈哈~~这个游戏不光是无脑突突突，更多时候还是去思考怎么绕路去打击掩体后方的敌人。一昧的rush是不可以滴！这个游戏中你扮演的只是战争中一名普通的士兵，你没有主角光环，没有呼吸回血这样的超能力哈哈，视线远方一颗普通的子弹就能送你回重生点。游戏总体来说感觉不错，除了官方给的地图真的太少太少太少了！！！可玩性没得说，不知不觉两三个小时就过去了哈哈哈。适合轻度抖M购买哈哈哈。真心很赞，而且不贵是吧？赶快买买买吧！
76561198123202578,Recommended,270150,28060447,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ToxyGvN,I like this game.I think you should buy it now
76561198170167895,Not Recommended,270150,17392955,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,True4lpha,"Welp, I made a review on this game some time ago, and it was a negative one. I have checked back on this game recently, after not playing it for a few months. And I have noticed that all they've added content wise is a camo suit and a few secondary weapons? Wipee! I'm totally ready to play this game again. All of the problems I complained about are still here, and It's still very boring after you have unlocked all of the maps. Hopefully in a few years or so I can come back And enjoy this game."
76561198096369047,Recommended,270150,22806697,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Turkey,This game makes me feel stupidI die alot...
,Not Recommended,270150,21529540,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,toothpjcks1,i didnt like it
76561198014718873,Recommended,270150,15236456,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Bacalao Pequeno,Bought this game on sale. Can't stop playing. Send help.
,Not Recommended,270150,17898158,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,deelawn,"The game looked fun in the trailer but could not get over the quirky camera angle & controls.Just from my personal experience, none of my friends liked playing this game either."
76561198105972730,Not Recommended,270150,23027852,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Sergeant Potato,The camera angle is horrible and (maybe this is just a thing with me cuz im a weirdo) kind of makes me dizzy.
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,270150,23963845,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AlexMBrennan,"Sadly, RWR suffers from too frequent glitches (e.g. menu not responding, textures failing to load leaving you to fight in pure whiteness, etc) and a number of what I'd argue are design flaws (no stalemate prevention, no loadout selection - have fun fighting a tank with your bare fists unless you fancy spending a couple of minutes running to the nearest armory - and no fast travel i.e. you have to physically walk across the now peaceful maps).As such, I wouldn't recommend this unless you have a high tolerance for frustration and absolutely love the concept."
76561198072281914,Not Recommended,270150,18574347,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,missileblade,criminally boring game
,Not Recommended,270150,16543103,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ballig,"Not fun and frustrating learning curve. Very easy to die which is acceptable due to the premise of the game, but advancement is very difficult and not intuitive. You might find some fun in it if you have a large number of friends playing and learning at the same time, but otherwise it's not worth it."
,Recommended,270150,30756764,Posted: 26 March,all,Yuno Gasai,Very hard gameVery good game10/10
,Recommended,270150,28255404,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Brent belives in weeb law&theory,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbRS9K4rZ8Ythe Crow is Running with Rifles,The people are all other games"
,Not Recommended,270150,25193873,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Yellow King,"Pretty badly optimised it seems. Got about 20 minutes of gameplay out of it over multiple attempts, the rest was staring at a frozen screen after it crashed, even after turning all the graphics settings down.Maybe it works well for some, but my PC usually handles more graphically intensive games okay."
,Not Recommended,270150,20510653,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Putin22,this game freez  to much
76561197962245120,Not Recommended,270150,19626174,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Westan,"Game is really good . Especially when you play it online.The problem is when you spawn you are given a default equipment and you are keep losing RP all the time when you die. But you can't select which equipment to get when you spawn.. Yes you can select your main weapon but it also gives you an antitank weapon which costs RP. I don't want to be an antitank infantry. It's really stupid all the soldiers on the battlefield has an antitank weapon and grenades.I enjoyed the game a bit but after a while it's really boring. The same music, same scenario ..."
76561198029239286,Not Recommended,270150,20166098,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Duke of Limbs,"Honestly don't understand the quantity of positive reviews on this game. The game is both a dull multiplayer and singleplayer experience where the only real changes from one tiring hour to the next is the colour of the background and enemy soldiers. A painfully boring experience, even after levelling up to commanding a full squad."
76561198067469085,Not Recommended,270150,20184657,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jrex,"i havent played much cause i wanted a refund but for me the game was spawning running shooting a couple times then dying rinse and repeat i requested a refund and im not getting it cause i played for 1 hour more than the limit for refundsso if you like dying 500,000,000 times then buy the game it is a good time waster however"
,Not Recommended,270150,25642447,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Hemmels,"A simple pick up and play, mass slaughter point and shoot. Some tactics and various weapons with decent map settings.However, the whole ""campaign"" is literally the same mass slaughter, with some ""balance"" aspect that if you try and sneak around you get quickly overwhelmed.Doesn't matter which ""team"" you pick, every time you load the game, it's the same thing. Different wepaon packs make for a slightly different experience, but overall, you've played half an hr, you've played the whole game.If a grenade is thrown at you proned, you won't survive. So that gets boring quickly.Some UI issues (again, it's aimed towards just picking up and playing) with no levelling up of individual soldiers ala XCOM (they die too fast here), there's no emotional attachment, so you just throw men into the grinder.And you keep doing so, until you don't play it anymore.Definitely not worth the asking price.Buy it for a £1-2."
,Recommended,270150,31026033,Posted: 8 April,all,ChickenHeart,Cannon Fodder: The MMO
76561198162000362,Recommended,270150,31566456,Posted: 5 May,all,Jklonny,It's not butter
,Recommended,270150,31159894,Posted: 15 April,all,GoldenProGamer,I love this game
,Recommended,270150,28591067,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,{ITZ} PredatorDrone902,Its not only a bit Cartoony but.Its Hella Tactical.. i haven't seen these type of games look SO good!!
,Recommended,270150,15174309,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Darahian,"Let me tell you how i spent my first couple of hours playing this game:'Heeey, a top-down shooter. Let's give it a try.' - i said.Where is where? Is there a map? - BOOM - i'm dead.Damn where am i aiming? And how can i jump? Okay, everything is clear - aaand i'm dead.I see the enemy! - i'm dead. They saw me too.I see the enemy! Okay, i take cover. GRENADE!! - i'm dead.WHAT? Enemy blowed my cover. What's that? A grenade? Are the boxes destructable??? *BOOM*Hey, i got a grenade. Accidentally drop it. *BOOM* - i'm dead.Friendly fire - i'm dead......and it went like this...But i found it very exciting, despite the fact that each soldier i controlled spent only ~1-2 minutes alive.After a while i learned this 'n' that:- not to take unnecessary risks, try not to die;- there is nothing such like ""safe spot""- move your♥♥♥♥♥'cause the next grenade is maybe on it's way to your exact position;- never rush alone;- ALWAYS try to take cover, and- take everything you can to your stash, you can sort the goods later,things like that.Good choice to buy!"
76561197984859340,Recommended,270150,15262349,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Perry the Platypus,In a word... awesome.
76561198082991926,Not Recommended,270150,17506319,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Winged Hussars,its an online game... enough said
,Not Recommended,270150,17514190,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Stunt Cautiously,"Feels like a $1.99 iPhone or flash game.Movements are laggy and unresponsive (think that 'skating on rice' feel that some games have when you have vsync turned on), the gameplay is insipid and pointless, and even firing the guns or killing people feels lame. This is uninspired garbage inspired by much better games that game out 20 years ago."
76561198153384387,Recommended,270150,15244438,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,2Polev,This game is so fun it makes me wanna take my hunting rifle and run down the street with it
,Recommended,270150,16883557,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[]FlogaFamily[]Satoru-kun,running with rifles wont run
,Recommended,270150,25746123,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Absolute Madman✨,"The question you are looking for. Should you buy this game. I wouldn't unless its on sale or you've scraped the bottom of the normal game barrel. This game isn't bad by any means. Its actually a really flushed out idea with great value for entertainment. It lacks however in the content. One campain means you've seen everything. Mods offer a little support to this, but all in all its really a small game."
76561198009985871,Recommended,270150,25003330,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TacTix,fun
76561198050574553,Recommended,270150,15198556,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[SFW]-BLANK-,"got shot off screen 10/10 would get shot againdisclaimer,NOT FOR COLORBLIND IDIOTS"
76561198003845940,Recommended,270150,15939690,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dédé300,Jeu en français !
76561198047741954,Recommended,270150,31223711,Posted: 18 April,all,Skaytful,yES
,Recommended,270150,31813259,Posted: 17 May,all,SaltyLLama,Great top down shooter!
76561198138681246,Recommended,270150,31960260,Posted: 25 May,all,P34R (qwertykey3),"Run into the fray of battle and die so many times that you learn to not run into the fray of the battle, and sit back with the pkp and mow down the capitalists.BACK TO THE FRONTLINES/10"
76561198098101154,Recommended,270150,31516283,Posted: 2 May,all,John Adams,"If this game was food, it would be really good food."
,Recommended,270150,31499727,Posted: 1 May,all,Nobleknight747,Simple Fun and Stable
,Recommended,270150,15205621,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,xxx_anime_fucker_all_day_xxx,"With only 2 hours and a serious feeling, I can say that this game manages to scratch that top-down war shooter itch that I've had that things like Company of Heroes couldn't. It is an extremely fun game. And if you have it done correctly, VERY unforgiving. I like how it doesn't hold your hand. It throws you into an unfamiliar territory and says, ""Here's a gun. You see some people, they are bad. Shoot them or you will be shot."" And mind you, it's not a threat. It's a promise. No matter what you do, if you feel like you are better than everyone else, remember. There will always be someone better than you. Newton said ""for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction."" Ole Newton had this game in mind. Not like Call of Duty, because if you go into a war zone, there is no way you'll come out without looking like Swiss cheese on a Nun's picnic. Very very hole-y. And ded. Probably very dead.Oh, and the soundtrack sounds very British, with an uplifting military-ish tone. Made me wat to buy it all the more. The game is great, too.8/10-AI is too smart-Hard is too hard(Disclaimer: This is more of a joke review, but in all seriousness, this is one of the most fun military shooters, keeping in mind I'm not a big fan of 'em. This game has managed to impress even me, who always attempts to be cynical and find the bad in everything. That says something about this game's charm. Well done. And buy it. Don't even hesitate. Stop reading and buy it. Are you still here? STOP READING AND BUY IT)"
76561198337424737,Recommended,270150,32369144,Posted: 12 June,all,AnIntrovertedSpaceTime,"Very good, fun game."
76561198159263179,Recommended,270150,29461578,Posted: 24 January,all,NICONHLE,very goooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
,Recommended,270150,23627889,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,zxzc77 [Sparky],"""Take the docks"" they said...""It'll be easy"" they said......Thus the thousand year war began.I'm not really sure when I actually decided to look around and think about how long I'd been fighting, but it was during one of the many assults on the docks. Looking around, I had noticed that the entire street had become a solid red pool of blood littered with grenade craters and the remains of fallen soldiers. In fact, it wasn't untill I looked at the time that I realized I had been laying constant siege to the docks for a solid 45 minutes and I haden't even noticed.Realizing that a full frontal assault would never work, I devised a brilliant plan...flanking. Now I'm not sure exactly how 'strat savvy' any of you are, but I had this on lock down.  Grabbing a shiny new rifle and 3 shiny recruits fresh off the base spawn, I made my way over to the front lines and made my brilliant move, which was to move about 10 feet south of the front line and THEN charge . . . several grenades and newly torn anuses later, I respawned at base.By this point the siege had been going on for about an hour and clearly that was unacceptable. This time something really had to be done, for reals . . . So after learning that suicide-C4-APC-rushing was stupid, I devised a brilliant plan, a plan so amazing it would make a lesser man cry for not having thought of it first.What was this plan might you ask? Well I'll tell you. Bum-rush the♥♥♥♥♥boiz main spawn and spray hot-sticky NATO loads all over their unwilling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.15 minutes later we won the game.10/10 would ignor the main objective again."
76561198037187386,Recommended,270150,15263571,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Friewulf,Absolutely fantastic game for What it is its not beautiful no extreme graphics no ultimate warrior type of BS simply one part of a larger scaled battle that is sometime extremely comical like lobbing a nade it bouncing of a wall and landing at yours and a group of other players feet and they start spamming 'GG' before the nade goes off killing all but 1 of youthe constant fighting where in one life you can push maybe 1 or 2 metres into enemy controlled land killing 10 - 15 AI then to die respawn about 5 metres back to find the enemy has already pushed from your flank and you have to fight your way through them to secure you main advance towards the objectiveGreat for releasing stress and extremly funny at times10/10 would defo buy again well worth it endless amounts of gameplay available either against consistent AI or even against each otherThank you for Reading
,Recommended,270150,15768040,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Techbane,"It's basically the game the Army Men games repeatedly tried and failed to be. Per-server persistent experience is a major bummer and it could stand to do a much better job of explaining some mechanics, but it's a really dang solid top-down tactical shooter romp."
76561198090562171,Recommended,270150,28082819,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,hawkservers.com hellcase.com,download the gamedie 200 timesdie even morediediedieget your first killget your second killdieget 1000 killsrefundprofit
,Recommended,270150,14800112,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Liberty Prime,top down call of duty but it's actually funEDIT: it's actually more like top down csgo with just as much rage. still good though.
76561198075650842,Recommended,270150,17655540,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,alex,Running with rifles is pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,270150,35426729,Posted: 2 October,all,Don Krieg,"Terribly 1P missions, ranging from cakewalks to a final mission virtually impossible even on easy settings."
76561198029737538,Not Recommended,270150,15497699,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Pungee,"The problem with RWR is essentially misleading advertising. The game supposedly touts replayability by way of being a sandbox and declares it has RPG elements.*RPG Elements*Not really. While you gain experience to unlock radio calls for reinforcements and basic guns/gear, you have no choice or customization options (you can't even name your soldier). Each time you want to swap out guns/gear you need to go to an armory and do it manually, which gets irritating as you'll generally have either a long trip to the front or can, with bad luck, die a few seconds after customizing your loadout.*Sandbox*Again, not really. If your definition of sandbox is ""you aren't penalized for failing to do what the game prompts you to do"" then I suppose it qualifies, but for me sandbox generally means freedom to do what I want, when I want, where I want in a fashion that can be meaningful, enjoyable, or fulfilling. While it's certainly possible to swap in a silenced submachine gun and try to 'sneak' behind enemy lines, there's really no stealth feature, nor is there anything to do behind enemy lines that has any real value. Additionally, it's entirely possible for your NPC allies to win each map area, turning it into a safezone devoid of anything to do or any enemies to fight. In one game I wound up advancing through two maps without actively attempting to do so. The computer forced me to move towards completing the game.*Replayability*Unless you're big into multiplayer, nope, not really. It gets pretty routine after about five hours because all there really is to do is collect a squad and run up to the front and shoot enemies until you die. Rinse, repeat. Finish up a campaign? Awesome! Now it's over and the next time you want to play you have to start from scratch.If you're looking for an open world sandbox military shooter with RPG elements... this is not it. If you want something to screw around on for a few hours, you might like it. But for me this was definitely not what I thought I was buying."
76561198075916217,Not Recommended,270150,15451649,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rixxk,Needs more work
76561198012741770,Not Recommended,270150,29920998,Posted: 14 February,all,adelb,"The AI ruins this game. No matter where you are, it gravitates towards you and spawns around you in a counter-intuitive manner, making it near impossible to advance even after gunning down wave after wave of hostiles while the friendly AI runs straight into their death at whichever location you are pinning down."
,Recommended,270150,27790603,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,party_steve,NEVER FORGET THE WAR FOR WEST TOWN
76561198063517645,Not Recommended,270150,16464383,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Milk Man,REALLY SUPER FUN!!! for 5 minutes.......
76561198119334529,Not Recommended,270150,15405486,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Captain Caboose,This is a good promising game whuch has room for improvement but it is hard to join a game with friends and i would say that this game is not worth the £11 i paid and am regretting buying this until multiplayer connecting is improved
,Not Recommended,270150,18869213,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Pantheon,its dead you might as well just make it free and give everyone who bought it like 3x xp or max level it was good when it had players
,Not Recommended,270150,22092381,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Deepfield,"Hardly anyone online. Actually no one in PvP. ""you join the ranks of an army as a common soldier, just like the thousands around you."" Thought I was going to join a game with 100+ people fighting. The most busy server had 14 people and it was COOP.  Really too bad. Also the interface is very clunky,"
,Not Recommended,270150,25169912,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bopie,Boring. Refunded.
,Recommended,270150,25076827,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,rotten corpse,"I had put off buying this game for way too long. I got to try it out way back when it was brand new, thought it was pretty amazing but for the longest time I was hesitant about dropping money on it. After looking further into the game and enjoying the demo, I decided to buy and I'm glad that I did.Don't let the simplistic visuals fool you; this game is far more complex than it lets on. It looks like a very arcade-like shooter, but its pretty far from that. I find that when playing I'm constantly going through strategies and tactics to handle each situation. Its extremely fun and engaging. Absolutely worth it if you have even a passing interest in tactical shooters (actual, real tactical shooters)."
,Not Recommended,270150,21405315,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MoonKat,"Before the fans and supporters get upset that it's a not recommend...it's from a singleplayer perspective...let me explain why:I got Running with Rifles after one of my buddies told me it was one of the best top shooters he has ever played. I looked at it and looked at it before my girlfriend said ""Dude, just buy it already.""Going into it I didn't have high expectations...and I was happily surprised.I like describing this game as a top down Arma. The maps are really big, there is a ton of soldiers on the ground at one time and it makes you feel like you are in an intense war situation.Basically how the game works, those who are unaware, is you pick a faction from three: Green Belts, Grey Collars and Brownpants. Each faction has their own arsenal and arguable own play style. You then play a game of Capture the Objectives [think Battlefield or Domination] while completely side objectives [resuce prisoners, collect cargo and things like that]. You can call in artillery, reinforcements, you name it. You start out as a private and work up the ranks. Rank lets you have more people to command in your squad.There is small little mechanics I won't go into such as stealth and the money/RP system. Just know, the game is bigger than it seems in the screenshots.So I start playing Solo, and here is where the issues lay:1. Prepare to GrindNow, I've played Dark Souls a lot on console and other grind heavy games. The difference between those and RWR is how well it is done. In RWR you may be stuck on the first map, stuck on one objective until you rank up, get a lot of RP then get access to the weapons needed to supress the enemy. Your Allies will die quick, and you'll find only you and your squad pushing. Finally, you get bomb the hell out of the enemy with arty and finally finish a map.2. Long BattlesGoing back to Arma, I've been in really long fights. Some ranged from 30mins to 2 hours. I absolutely love long battles. The only problem with RWR is it's the same 2hours. Think world war one. One side charges, gets mowed down, the other side charges. It's a game of tug-o-war and it gets boring fast if Solo like me.3. Final Missions [Maybe Spoiler?]In the last final missions of a campaign you get the most ridiculously hard crap in this game. This whole game is difficult, but I found it fair up until this point. Final Mission 1, you are by YOURSELF pitted against a whole town of enemies. It's unbearable difficult.Final Mission 2 is where I got stuck and stopped playing. Mortars respawn, so do turrets. So even when me and my small squad of soldiers destroyed the defenses of the enemy, they come back and push us alllllll the way to the start. Rinse and Repeat. It's so fustrating and annoying to the point it made me quit. These missions, are just way, way too hard.Conclusion:If Solo, probably shouldn't buy this game"
,Recommended,270150,29379157,Posted: 20 January,all,Schmidu za Jędzejczyka pls,2D Battlefield
76561198143046414,Not Recommended,270150,16461146,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,GuttedByScissors,I'm glad I bought this on the summer sale because I can't even play it. My iMac 27 can't handle the graphics turned ALL the way down. I've never always been able to run full graphics on every game. The fact that I can't even run the lowest graphic settings faster than 5fps is a little ridiculous and makes the game near impossible to play.
76561198359524609,Recommended,270150,31332859,Posted: 23 April,all,748505896,"To be honest,it's not very exciting."
,Not Recommended,270150,22279488,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Forgoten Sans (FO) (FED O G),i would recmend it if it worked for my computer but it dosent may change it please make it more universal i would play it
76561198169342722,Recommended,270150,31614377,Posted: 7 May,all,Jush,j
,Not Recommended,270150,20747894,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,mr.right™,Bad server.
76561198074845005,Not Recommended,270150,24650045,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,nanachi,"on mac when im ingame the cursor is sluggish and my character starts glitching out and running in a random direction, its quite unplayable"
76561198106020855,Not Recommended,270150,26647872,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MEGAHURTZ,"The gameplay is alright, but after I complete a campaign I can't progress. I looked in the forums to see others with same problem and they were told to look for a door on the map. However I don't have anything appearing on my map. I'm now stuck."
76561198061775193,Recommended,270150,22946467,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mgm2252,Good Game
76561198072380091,Recommended,270150,13938390,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"Solid fun casual game, but very arcadish. This isn't a strategy game, just as the title says, you are running with your rifle and shooting dudes.Not much to it, but strangely addictive."
76561198174501230,Recommended,270150,26666885,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,I only play tetris for the story,"M8, war never changes.10/10 would play again."
76561197993408085,Recommended,270150,26626057,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,nearlydeadguy,!
,Recommended,270150,31056452,Posted: 10 April,all,★Spoder Man★™,Nice
76561198119063216,Recommended,270150,31109387,Posted: 12 April,all,DewShroom,YESH
,Recommended,270150,31473849,Posted: 30 April,all,Cowman911,.
76561197978617755,Not Recommended,270150,34130792,Posted: 9 August,all,hulk hymen,"Don't recommend. Gameplay is very simple and only mildly enjoyable. You're getting kinda bored by hour 2, you may play to hour 3 just so see if anything changes (you get a special ability sometimes like calling in artillery or a couple of troops) but it just doesn't change enough to keep you interested."
,Not Recommended,270150,19005927,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Deadpooleo,"I found this game to be very enjoyable untill i bought it. The demo happens to be the most enjoyable part of this game. if you plan on buying this game its most likley because you want more mapps or the campain mode. the campain mode is littearly the quick game mode just with turned down intenesty, it makes the game soo unbarebley diifcult and enraging because the whole enemy team is attacking you from all sides and only the smallest part of your team is attacking, and if you manage to grind your way to the enemy base, all of asudden you find your self 5 objectives back. it is the most iritating game i have ever and i maen ever played. however if you love ridickloulsy difficult games this is the one for you."
,Not Recommended,270150,33058359,Posted: 30 June,all,FedEx,"I found the game unenjoyable due to a lack of depth. I knew it wasn't going to be like a novel or anything, but this is more shallow than a puddle."
,Not Recommended,270150,17827419,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Taeus Live,This Is Not What i Had In Mind. I May Be toonew Too PC Gameing To Have What You Call A Good Review But I Found it Just Way Too hard And No Reward For Even Your Baby Steps In learning About The Game. I Never Even Finnished A Single Mission Without Lost Intrest. Ill Give It A try Some Other time But As For Now Id Say No
76561197999863635,Recommended,270150,15174011,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sick Ranchez,sweet like a new take on classic army men
,Not Recommended,270150,27701618,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JRed,Game isn't like Demo not worth buying it.
,Not Recommended,270150,20507483,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,EyJeenius,Fairly boring gameplay
76561198052835809,Not Recommended,270150,20553702,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,This game stinks. Boring and repititive. Booo
76561197996297444,Not Recommended,270150,19981798,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Peter Griffin,crap
76561197970928138,Not Recommended,270150,19582309,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Bootneck,Dont waste your money. Nothing like the videos and steam dont refund your money back.
76561198043306196,Not Recommended,270150,17540060,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,War Hawk,its not what you think it is....
76561197981031621,Not Recommended,270150,20185051,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,el_bandito21,"Lame, after a couple of hours. You just do the same."
,Not Recommended,270150,31458003,Posted: 30 April,all,SammyMavrs,"this coul have been a great game if there was a voip to talk to your WHOLE team included from the very beginning. i dont understand why the developers thought a team based game didnt need some kind of voice chat. especally in a game where you have a gunner and driver in situations. oh well hopefully they learn from their mistakes next gameas of today, the daily average is about 150 people. with games lasting practically endlessly. the money thing that they chose to go through is great at first but then when your trying to make a push and cant make any barricades or are against people with MUCH MUCH better weapons and gear then you, this makes games almost endless.all and all a good game at first until you start seeing the flaws."
76561198080487882,Recommended,270150,25421638,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Regan,"I don't know what to say about this game, so I'm just going to do something about it.*Dab*11/10 would *Dab* with me."
,Recommended,270150,35463031,Posted: 3 October,all,amazing mouse,Practicing just in case I get drafted into the military. Trump is good!
,Recommended,270150,17830621,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,maxjones900,much guns very good
76561198000878917,Recommended,270150,15244496,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Juric,"Picked up a G36, took 3 steps, and nothing spawned behind me.11/10, already better than Hardline."
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,270150,29476005,Posted: 24 January,all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","It get's boring pretty fast unfortunately. I hate to give it a downvote though because overall it's pretty cool. I like the art style, the ragdoll, overall I feel like it's top down done... almost right... Feels like it's just missing something."
76561198011918360,Not Recommended,270150,32667311,Posted: 22 June,all,Corndruid,The singleplayer is an infinite grind with little to no progress to be made.
76561198069671650,Not Recommended,270150,28661616,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cucumbas,"I bought this game a long time ago looking for a fun and new online multiplayer experience. I had such a crappy computer at the time I couldnt run it, but just installed it again today and there were 0 servers up. Also, I was expecting the game to be more serious than it was, the music is rather comic, not a deal breaker though. I don't doubt the singleplayer in this game is fun for those interested, but I can't recommend the game to anyone who, like me, is looking for a fun online experience since there aren't any servers.EDIT:@Producer-san mentioned that when he played the day after I wrote this review there were 10 servers up and three of them were full. He also says it was even more packed the day I wrote this review, which I find odd because I didn't see any. The server list was empty and the refresh button greyed out. Maybe it was a bug/internet problem, trying not to be unfair here. Also, you should know it was Christmas day when I tried to play the game most recently, so perhaps there were no servers because of that, just a thought. Since this is still my review however, I have to say I still wouldn't recommend the game to my friends."
76561198015879509,Not Recommended,270150,28590467,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mista_Majik_Moshos,"Bland visuals, dorkish controls, muddled UI and repetitive uninspiring gameplay marr this product greatly. Here I was hoping for a fun squad game and instead I got an F2P quality grindfest, with an enforced multiplayer deathmatch format even in single player mode (no pausing, the aftormentioned grind). ""Take this area, take the next, area, take the last area, lvl up"" gets stale after the first mission. The initial appeal of this product went down the drain quickly as I realised this was not the game it could've been. Thankfully this was a winter sale purchase so if steam doesn't accept my refund ticket, it wouldn't be a huge financial loss.2016/10"
76561197961365502,Not Recommended,270150,23090214,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DrewbieDaNewbie,Single-player was monotous and not fun.
,Not Recommended,270150,17144038,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Fluffy,You'll regret buying it pretty quickly as it just gets more boring and boring. Had fun with it for a while and then boom refund.Don't waste you're money here. There's alot better games out there so don't waste you're money here. And 14 euros for a game like this is horrible and i'm ashamed of having an  account on steam when i bought this.2/10Pros-Cute graphicAlot of tanks and cars that is drivableCons-Controls... wtf were they drunk?XP system.... wut the fakBoring gameplayImpossible to shoot anyone or anythingWould rather play roblox with a 3 year old eating my hand.
76561198234011660,Not Recommended,270150,25226770,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Swish Swish Griff シ,So bad.God forbbid u and your friend are in different countries you can forget about coop campaign.
,Not Recommended,270150,33009387,Posted: 29 June,all,SventB,"I can't understand the positive critics, this game is boring in single- and in multiplayer. The two singleplayer campaigns are not worth mention it."
76561198195829179,Recommended,270150,19894712,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Potato Yummy,.
76561198039701399,Not Recommended,270150,30954077,Posted: 4 April,all,ryukikass,"Tried it for several hours and for as long as the multiplayer games go with what feels like forever to finish the game and at times almost like stalemate, it's not gratifying enough.  Not enough human players and the round just takes too long.  5 out of 10!"
,Recommended,270150,19858582,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jared030858,DFSA
,Not Recommended,270150,22954365,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Zify,Gets boring really quickly
,Not Recommended,270150,29551460,Posted: 28 January,all,Veras,Boring after awile
,Not Recommended,270150,29536424,Posted: 28 January,all,brobender,I find this game quite hard to play because of bad game controls. It is really hard to aim and shoot. Easy to get killed. Maybe it takes time to master or maybe because it is early acces version but I don't recommend to get frustrated with controls at this point.It might be promissing in the future.
,Not Recommended,270150,22996266,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ArcticTurtle,"This looked like it could be fun, but it really wasn't. Viewing angle is awkward at best, you can see enemies behind walls were you are not supposed to have vision yet many times you will die from some stray bullet that you have no idea where it came from. There is no element of strategy or skill, it's just about running straight at the enemy in big groups and bigger group wins. Not my idea of fun. Maybe if you have a large group of friends you can find a way to make it more fun, I didn't try that, but solo play it's just a waste of time."
76561198006723728,Not Recommended,270150,28644998,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Minsk and Boo,If you wan to play a game like this play The Red Solstice
76561198030853973,Not Recommended,270150,33242933,Posted: 4 July,all,Island Ed,"you got to be f.... kidding me. from one day to the other the game stopped working. the discussionboards and google is full of the same issue reports and after hours of research i found out that only one specific verion of the openal works with the game. (2.0.7.0) i fixed it.now same♥♥♥♥♥♥again. ive spend more time fixing it than playing it.everytime i want to play the game i have to deinstall, restart and reinstall the needed software???how bout fixing your god damn game after years of knowing the issue!"
,Not Recommended,270150,15262966,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Giftshop,"I've not had the chance to try a co-op session yet so keep that in mind.I want to like RWR, there's a great game somewhere in there but it is such a frustrating experience.It plays more like an early beta, the groundwork is there but the rough edges haven't been sanded down. It straddles the fence between tactical and arcade in a bizarre fashion. TTK is quite low and HP goes only one way so in theory positioning and teamwork is key. However at the lowest rank you don't have your own squad to command and you're not grouped into an AI squad, while the AI is fairly clever it struggles to work as a cohesive group with or without the player. It's not unlike playing in a pub server.Due to the implementation of AI the front line is highly amorphous and you can rarely rely on any one area to be safe. Combined with AI that won't watch your flanks, the way mouselook is implemented and the lack of a minimap the more open maps will have frequent deaths that feel arbitrary.The tactical/arcade dichotomy is furthered by high spread on weapons, this makes long distance engagements a bit of a roulette and prevents you from effectively locking down areas. Additionally it's very difficult to judge what is and isn't and will or won't be in your line of sight which makes trying to shoot without exposing yourself too much quite difficult. This could be solved with some very minor UI changes.I have further gripes but these issues are the make or break of it."
,Not Recommended,270150,32691937,Posted: 23 June,all,Blazer,"It's a fun game but there's not much to it. I refunded the game after an hour of playing realizing that it's literally nothing but just running around with the same 3 weapons shooting people. And that's it.Edit: People downvoting me and telling me that there isn't 3 weapons, I understand that, but you have to kill around 1000 people to equip 1 new weapon. After 1.3 hours of playing I only killed around 50 people. Yeah no thanks, I'm not playing 20+ hours JUST to get a little sniper rifle."
76561197979444370,Not Recommended,270150,28111899,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FrankManic,"The game suffered from... Meatgrinderness? There wasn't really anything to do except run in to a cluster♥♥♥♥, get slaughtered, and repeat endlessly."
,Not Recommended,270150,21255588,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Maxp☻wer ®,what a waste of ****** there is not co op and have to use ip address to connct to friends
,Not Recommended,270150,31671755,Posted: 10 May,all,Napoleon,"Pvp is dead. Solo and coop gets boring after some time, This game has so many problems mentioned in top revievs on Steam. Frontline is too static and bots doesnt care about how many of them you killed. Sometimes you spend about an hour in one location and you cant break through, it doesnt depend on how good you are. Game is so tactical and it looks really good in first hour but then you see how broken it is :("
76561198015989641,Not Recommended,270150,23381762,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,therealtier,"nice game, but frustratingly slow progress."
,Not Recommended,270150,15515374,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,darkbochi,"You won't find Sarge here. Instead you will find a circlejerk who keeps calling the game ""its a game of skills and tactics"". Also the mods and devs themselves are toxic, even if the game is somewhat decent for a few hours, don't feed the trolls."
76561197964663096,Not Recommended,270150,25137775,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ph0ib0s,"Boring and frustrating. You run, die, respawn, run and die again. It should be named 'RUNNING and DYING'. Don't know where is the tactics part..."
,Not Recommended,270150,27841977,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,D3ATHSCOPE,"This game has serious potential,but too many problems I noiced so far...-AI Aim is flawless,You gotta take cover like crazy-Running With Rifles ?....More like take cover with Rifle,Right Run N Gun if you want too your dead (RECOIL IS TERRIBLE)-Unrealistic Recoil,Your like a Ragdoll (Assault Rifles)-Pistols is like....Trash (Why are they not the most accurate ...Beats me..-AI Manly aims for you,LITERALLY...Wonder why you die in backline of a squad of 6 and you die first ?-Spend waaaaay to much time,Pop Shotting Infinite AI (Cover,Fire,Advance,Repeat)-Squad is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,Ally AI Do not take cover properly,Randomly moves out of cover in Fire !-Squad does not follow manual Squad Commands,(Move Here)This can be fixed,with like....AIM AND RECOIL PATCHES,There is no RUNNING WITH RIFLES.NEEDS WORK GUYS !!!"
76561198091656723,Not Recommended,270150,34421795,Posted: 22 August,all,kingofhobos3,"Buy it when they make an easy mode for man vs world or else (If you are a casual player) you wont be able to play literally half of the games content. If i wanted to play a game that makes me feel like i want to drink bleach, i'd play Dark Souls."
76561198069133679,Not Recommended,270150,24488620,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sn1per01,"If you are using a Macbook Air older than 3-4 years old, this game will have a terrible frame rate, so keep that in mind before buying.  Other than the frame issues, its a good game."
76561198002994478,Not Recommended,270150,18919164,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Styx,"Run towards the fight, die, repeat.Doesnt seem to be any more to it than that.[expanded]Since I seem to be catching flak for not liking a thing that other people like, I'll be more specific about my review.Pros.It's unique. It has a strong emphasis on teamplay. It has a good sense of its own styleCons.Bullets are extremely inaccurate. When you find even a single enemy you cant reliably hit him at anything more than very short range (and you wont survive to reach very short range because moving makes you easier to hit) so what you get is a situation where you both freeze, go prone and keep firing with a completely random chance of killing him before he kills you. The only way to compensate is to travel in a bigger group than the enemy and even then its pure chance if you survive and even if you do your group will shrink and you wont survive the next enemy group.The base tactic seems to be for the survivors of each mini skirmish to stand still and hope that their dead friends respawn and make it back to the front before the enemy does so you can try and advance another few inches.Levelling up in a game is painfully slow and the equipment which might make the game less random is restricted to the higher levels.The online community is utterly hostile to new players which sucks out what little enjoyment is to be had. The slightest sign of inexperience is met with derision and howls of ""noob!""Single player is a waste of time because the friendly AI is too dumb to operate together or to attack by any route except charging straight into the enemy.In short, you'll spend 99% of your time travelling from the spawn to the battle, just so you can die from a stray bullet before your own fire can achieve anything"
76561197993033613,Not Recommended,270150,15326942,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Second,"Dull dull dull. Run to the front line, kill a couple guys, die, repeat. The battle line moves at a snails pace even if you hold off an enemy advance by yourself for a minute it matters so little in how the battlefield evolves.The shooting itself is pretty boring, There is some joy in finding an effective flanking position and getting a couple kills, but death is unavoidable and while there are a variety of weapons you have to play for hours and hours before unlocking anything interesting (of course some times it will randomly decide to start giving you different weapons, and lord help you if it decides you should only get LMGs.)"
76561198060971756,Not Recommended,270150,25417176,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,bronsonty,"I cant even open the game anymore. I hit start, my friends say im on. But no screen, nothing. That's some BS right there."
76561198033456250,Not Recommended,270150,15749089,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,dirt_nap,"After 50+ hours in, to be honest, this game appears to be developed by trolls for trolls wrt grinding and auto-spawned flanking uber sargeants. if you want to talk about grinding, last night when I was playing on one of the too few multiplayer servers out there, there were a couple brigadier generals running around scooping up all the loot, cause well obviously they need the cash unlike the poor privates and sarges on their team. the mechanism by which you can be TKd for loot you have collected is shameful. If you revenge TK ankle biters be prepared for the devs to punish you with the inability to toss nades, or shoot rockets, or get in any vehicles. they dare not ban you because there are so few players on the multiplayer servers as it is.Vehicle movement and AI vehicle movement is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Be prepared to be quickly and often run over by AI privates driving jeeps spouting idiotic ballooned chit-chat or some donkey in a tank who does not give two shillings.I feel a bit disappointed in buying a four-pack, I've got two copies left that I would feel ashamed at giving away to two casual gamer friends on this crap. the one copy i gifted to a hardcore gamer had him balk at the obvious lack of controller support after an evening's play and a sore wrist.from what I can see, the developers are of the type ""play the way we want you to the play, not the way you want to play"" type. I'd say the tiny community and years in pre-release speak for itself.if this wasn't the case, you could auto rotate the iso view to your movement/look direction for example and those of us with good controller skills could play even without aimbot assistance.the bad AI revenge-like mechanics, unexplicable 6-20 shots to take down the uber sarges, or entire enemy platoons comprised of vest wearing sarges takes any remaining joy out of the grind.totally makes sense I have to shoot enemy lieutenant 4-5 bursts while he's laying on the ground for the kill --- uh, no. could be so much more, but isn't.would not recommend, unless in the $2 range."
76561198074777881,Not Recommended,270150,15279634,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[TAW]cuebux,"Its pretty basic, I havent spent a whole lot of time with it, nor do I want to. I immagined a more robust rpg element and additional gameplay mechanics like destructable objects, airstrikes, smoke screens etc.The gameplay as is is ""fun-ish"" but not worth the price tag."
76561198158011268,Not Recommended,270150,18539598,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DRAGON LADY ^^v,"A Fun game but very least effort developer had contributed to this game. No MUSIC, NO Written tutorial, I dont even understand the tutorial as It only provides Pictures. Another stupid developer"
,Not Recommended,270150,23011813,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mr. Enthusiastic,This gams is not fun at all. It becomes very repetitive after 2 minutes
76561198113268267,Not Recommended,270150,34533696,Posted: 27 August,all,obvisly cool eddie,i do not find this game very enjoyableway too confusing and not satisfying
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,270150,31927831,Posted: 23 May,all,stuguy909,"I was enthusiastic about this game.  When I was younger, I played with little green army men.  When Army Men came out in the N64 and Playstation, I was hooked.  I always wanted to play those games online multiplayer, or with friends.  I got this more for a nostalgia feel than anything, and even got a 4 pack and gave out three copies to friends I thought would enjoy this game as much as I thought I would.  Well, they each installed, played for 5 minutes, then deleted it, never to play it again.  I found myself playing for a few more hours, a couple of online matches, and I too, shelved this game.So why is it that I loved army men games, this game runs stable, has decent graphics and seemingly fun playability?  It just gets boring for adults.  I typically don't like mindless shoot em up killing, so I should have known better that tactical games, RPG's, and simulators are where I need to stay.  This game just becomes repetative, mindless.  My friends couldn't stand the top down limited view.  I thought they would get it, but, this game is aparently niche.  Niche and boring."
,Not Recommended,270150,23600589,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Wokka wokka,"This game has a lot of really good ideas but its mechanics are pretty broken. Also, gameplay is extremely linear with almost no nuance or opportunity to get outside of the immediate battlefront. Objectives seem pointless and are pretty easy to ignore... Maybe it is accurate about war after all."
76561198042247235,Not Recommended,270150,28901829,Posted: 1 January,all,Chillernickel,Boring/10
,Not Recommended,270150,34827129,Posted: 8 September,all,Slim,"The best desync and running simulator out there...But really. RWR is not that fun...What is most annoying about this game is that you basically start over in rank with every server you join and it takes forever to rank up and hardly anyone plays this game.Its just boring, pointless  and not rewarding... And the desync is ridiculous.... you will desync like 3 times every min and jump around the map then you'll come out of it just to realized you died, then you have to walk back to the action.Now they want to make you pay for a DLC, give me a break..."
,Not Recommended,270150,30657705,Posted: 21 March,all,killkenny,"the concept itself isn't bad, but lack of tutorial and toxic community do not welcome new players.the graphics, and the details in the models are actually surprisingly more than good.A big map, I'd even claim that it is very close to a section of an open world sized map becomes a big playground for players to enjoy. It sure is one unique pseudo mmorpg style.However,Despite the catoon-graphic, the dev somehow insists on realistic war experience and tend not to provide aid to new comers, because they should get used to the war and become vet themselves.Unlike the representation of casual experience, the title requires an experience which results in a steep learning curve.welp, Good to have a hard-boiled vets, but that is one way of losing player base."
,Not Recommended,270150,29331279,Posted: 17 January,all,odinng,不错是不错，但中等以上的难度后面几关基本嬴不了，除非你可以以一当100，否则队友的低智商会让你永远停留在原地，占领不了任何一个点。Almost impossible to win in hard mode.It is not you against enemy but you vs terrible friendly AI.
,Not Recommended,270150,29410407,Posted: 21 January,all,Vincent,Servers are dead
,Not Recommended,270150,19095252,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,s u c k y f u c k y,...
,Not Recommended,270150,25580563,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Aaron PDX,Feels unfinished. A great concept for a game buried under an awkward UI and unpolished mechanics.
,Not Recommended,270150,29452266,Posted: 23 January,all,OPPA,Thought it would be a battle field game but with up-down view and bought it. Played an hour and refunded it immediately.Overall game is boring since you have to sell enemy weapons and get xp. One enemy kill is 3~4xp and you need over 1000 xp to actually use the contents like weapons and equipments in armory. Pretty boring and any random bullet can immediately kill you. - played in offical servers
76561198238765056,Not Recommended,270150,31569631,Posted: 5 May,all,Bill Nye,i found it very boring
76561198182325179,Not Recommended,270150,15314313,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Warfrix,just got the game bout 2 days ago its nice but i cant play it anymore everytime i try to it does nothing
,Not Recommended,270150,30935140,Posted: 3 April,all,[BUNY] JuJub555,Its a great concept and the game is nice... but its to simple wasnt well executed. It doesnt contain enough stratagy to provide long lasting entertainment to get your money's worth. about a 5.5/10 for the type of game it is. I would refund but I bought it 50% off.
76561198002596336,Not Recommended,270150,28113169,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Blue Planet,Boring
,Not Recommended,270150,34166495,Posted: 11 August,all,Sysmek,meh
,Not Recommended,270150,29575649,Posted: 29 January,all,Norric,"I thought this game was fun at first. It looked great and had an interesting perspective on ""War Games"".Unfortunately, once starting the game, not alot is described to the player. Controls are kinda straight forward but kinda aren't. Only a few weapons are open to your disposal. Not sure why, but I have a feeling it has to do with some back♥♥♥♥♥wards leveling system.Lets put it this way... I've been playing for over an hour and still haven't unlocked any weapons. Sure I can find other weapons on the field but I can't even use the damn RPG I find or anything. Just stuck with the♥♥♥♥♥♥AK and other starter weapons... I find myself dying constantly in the COOP servers, because the ♥♥♥♥ing NPC's are ""godlike"" and insta-kill you at first sight in one shot. I can't even kill anyone with one shot with my AK but the NPC just one shots me with one... So damn unbalanced, its not even funny...Sure do wish I could check the ""Gotten this Product for Free"" but I can't since I paid $15 for this lump of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,270150,26684340,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CrabCock10,"Boring asf.Multiplayer on your own server is laggy and many disconnect issues, alteast compard to other games with ur own server."
76561198043755299,Not Recommended,270150,30763232,Posted: 26 March,all,Shishimanishi,"Boring, extremely repetitive, neverending stalemates on the campaign, and insanely difficult weapon unlocking methods are just some of many reasons to avoid this game."
76561198258257520,Not Recommended,270150,25126623,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,76561198258257520,"Very, very confusing. Not the good kind, where you research and find more out, but the bad kind, where it has terrible game mechanics and controls. A lot of elements make no sense, and it has an incredibly toxic community. I wouldn't recommend you get the game."
,Not Recommended,270150,29411793,Posted: 21 January,all,Enceladus,"The demo is ok, single player is ok even getting boring quicky, but multiplayer is terrible and noone plays the game. I'm wanna refund"
76561197977320367,Not Recommended,270150,22962642,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,8-bit,Not quite what I thought it was going to be. I feel like I have just joined an online free for all where everyone is playing the game and I'm just a spectator.  I thought I would have some control over them or be the main lead through each stage.Maybe I need to give it more time.
,Not Recommended,270150,15295579,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,janoszen,Do NOT buy this game! The controls are floaty to the pont that the game is unplayable! I own a mid  to high end machine and the performance just SUCKS.
76561198094037087,Not Recommended,270150,26164084,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Lithium,cant play multiplayer :/
76561198031943821,Not Recommended,270150,15988559,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Rex,boring game all you do is run around and get killed easily
,Not Recommended,270150,29637106,Posted: 1 February,all,Wrack,I guess the statistic is heavely influenced by dev friends! Pleaase see all the other negative comments to see the same arguments over and over again!It's called running with rifles and they know why they didn't call it shooting with rifles. It's pretty booring cause you are just running from base to base. The AI's are stupid. Most of the weapons are useless cause u can't zoom out of the map. No tactics needed. If you play multiplayer you get kicked out every new map (bug). A tank can't even crush a fence. If you play alone you can't shoot with the tank cause you have to drive it and the driver can't shoot. The AI is to stupid to drive properly. You get runn over by teammates all the time cause you guessed it the AI is stupid!
76561198040467889,Not Recommended,270150,33294650,Posted: 5 July,all,Lucid,♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,270150,15029490,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Double Jesus,"Reading the rest of these reviews, I feel like I am playing a completely different game or I exist in another universe where the words ""strategy"" and ""tactics"" mean completely different things.If you are looking for strategy, do not buy this game. If you are looking for an epic Battlefield-esque game ♥♥♥♥ in a top down view, do not buy this game. If you want to sneak around your enemy's base to deal a serious strategic blow, do not buy this game.If you are looking for pointless days worth of grind to even get to experience the funner aspects of the game (it's main selling points really) this game might be for you. If you enjoy climbing to the top of a building, shooting full clips of ammo at an endless horde of ai, reloading, firing another clip, reloading, dying, and then climbing up to the exact same building to do it all over again, this game might be for you."
76561198027137082,Not Recommended,270150,15240175,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Flinte,"Well...fun for 5 minutes, then all the same again. Ok, it's cheap, so if you want to get a bit of ""Cannonfodder"" feeling back, it's worth a try, otherwise not.Multiplayer full of bugs."
,Not Recommended,270150,15232759,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,system32.dll,"Downloaded Demo. Seemed pretty nice. Bought real thing - immediately disappointed.A lot of the things I thought where demo limitations turned out to be how the game was actually designed. Randomness in starting loadout being one of the major ones. My actual feeling was that the Demo was excellent, but the full deal didn't contain near enough to actually warrant paying for it (compared to the demo)..."
,Not Recommended,270150,32528176,Posted: 17 June,all,freiheit ist nicht frei,was good until i fragged 4 people at armory and got perma'd off of mp LOOOLif u like being under fascist rule get this game
76561198343447010,Not Recommended,270150,31891372,Posted: 21 May,all,andy.lavery,I'm disapointed that I payed for this game without trialing it first for free if thats possible. The interface is mainly keyboard with some mouse work and very hard to get used to and not explanatory at all. Such a shame. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,270150,9994030,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Rockston,"I really want to recommend this game, but right now it's too frustrating and annoying. The game have a lot of good ideas but not well implemented.-The A.I. is plain stupid sometimes. Your team mates pushes you out of cover so you end dying. And sometimes they just dont show up on batle, they just hangout in the base and leave you alone in the fight. And i don't want to talk about A.I. in vehicles because it makes my blood boil just to think about it.-No auto-reload when the clip is empty? ... really? at least put an indicator to let you know that your clip is almost empty, like a flashing icon or something easy to spot.-The objectives aren't clear and there is no correct feedback when you complete an objective. This game needs an easy to access list of objectives mapped to the 'O' key as in other games.Now, not all is bad, in fact the rest of the game is really good and addictive, just please correct this things because i want to give this game a thumb up when its finished. I'll change my review in the future.Note: My native language is spanish not english, so i'm very sorry if i didn't write this review correctly."
76561198114360542,Not Recommended,270150,15263327,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,dkrikun,Terribly undercooked
76561198013064054,Not Recommended,270150,14560590,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Chap Chappington,"Been waiting for this game to release since 2011, played it and instantly disliked it.Lots of concepts need to be reworked such as the wounding system and hit detection since a.i take 5 hits to kill and you take one or 2.Also you can only get injured if you wear vests, wtf?Also devs threaten to ban you from servers if you accidently team kill, funny since they only have 20 people playing this game."
,Not Recommended,270150,15082821,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zyklon_B,"Confusing game,The game is a great idea, confusing game play, really makes you feel small and insignifigant.4 out of 10"
76561198027063787,Not Recommended,270150,15231959,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,geometrics,"The game drops you in with no real clear direction as to what to do or how to play. This makes it very difficult to know what's going on. Enemies drop items but the game doesn't let you know what to do with or how to use these items. All I can do is collect them until I die. Perhaps this will become clear in time, but there isn't really any excuse for the lack of direction in a finished game.So without knowing what leveling up does, how to equip a different weapon, what to do with my inventory, and what my ultimate objective is, the game became a stale point / click / finger straining (grenade is G? That is not smart key positioning) mess.EDIT @JackMayol [Developer]As I said in the comment on this review, perhaps a wiki is an accepted solution in the early access PC games scene, but to my knowledge this is now officially out, right? It's less than ideal, when trying to make a first impression, that you request the player leave your game to find instruction elsewhere. Games like Destiny received a lot of flak last year for the same thing; encouraging your players to leave the game in order to get the most out of it seems like a risky proposition.What the playground tutorial (although you don't call it ""tutorial"" in game, a big part of why I missed it initially) seemed to lack was an explanation of objectives, game mechanics, how the game functions outside of the basic controls. It says use your radio, but trying to, the soldier you control says ""I don't have one yet"". Stuff like that isn't helpful to the player.""Campaign"" doesn't really give you any direction whatsoever and seemed barely different from the multiplayer modes. I couldn't tell after an hour of playing whether I had achieved anything, how close the level was to completion, what any of the markers meant, and even at times which direction to head in.Now i'm not the type of person to give negative reviews with zero justification. I think a lot about games and what works and why, I consider each side of every argument, and I understand that sometimes it's hard to see the forest for the trees. My negative review was not placed to dissuade you or to tarnish your game's reputation. I wrote it because I saw a problem that could be (hopefully) easily addressed, that could make your game much better.I know big games such as Minecraft and Rust and the like drop you into their games with arguable more complicated mechanics and systems with no instruction. But this is not a standard to hold your game to. These games became popular IN SPITE of this anti-beginner approach, not because of it.A game on a console or a triple A PC release would never take the risk of not explaining things to the player who's just paid for their game. Don't make people struggle to enjoy what you've worked so hard on, you're only doing a disservice to yourself."
,Not Recommended,270150,14510625,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cake,The premise is promising. But due to empty servers and a lack of visual feedback this game isn't what it could be.
76561198135993852,Not Recommended,270150,15200971,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mojo Sam,It doesn't tell you how good your cpu has to be 4 mac and my cpu can't handle it even though its the latest macbook pro. SOOOO sad cos it looks really fun. Any help on how to fix this?
76561198052206989,Not Recommended,270150,9787403,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Thuggery,"At first its a fun little game but it quickly gets repetitive. It needs way more maps and needs more inventive ways to win than just literally a dieing fest for position on a map. Perhaps attrition would help as you can easily get stuck on maps (coop) for hours getting nowhere even though you are killing 1000's of the enemy. More respawn gear options would help as well, and it wouldn't hurt to gain RP for going on kill streaks... its annoying to have to drop out of battle, and do a long run, aware you do need to pick up some items to bank for RP so as to make sure you can still afford decent gear.Also not dieing so quick would make it a bit more fun. Tired of being one shot by an npc holding a basic rifle before they are even on my screen and they shoot 1 bullet. I hate not having a longer view distance, I would much rather have a way more tactical game by being able to see further but accuracy being woeful at the edge of your range or even not being able to target the full distance you can see (although admittedly this would screw up the sniper rifles and such, but perhaps even that could be re-worked(. Moving to get closer up should mean more.. at the moment it justs means getting shot quicker.----------------------------------------------------Latest update added some much needed quality of life improvements, but no new maps.I would love to have a few more straight maps with just the one frontline.Good addition the armoury truck, thats a really nice feature.Flare is another excellent one, but pricey in terms of RPStill no fix for non widescreen format smaller screens when using the armoury, so half the time you can only buy the first 6/7 weapons in the armoury. Seems odd that has not got fixed as it really does screw with gameplay on the longer maps.One change I would love to see is RP gains for long kill streaks and multi kills (and perhaps increased xp for kill streaks and multi kills). Banking drop items is a not needed break in gameplay.Still a no as a recommend. I'm sure when all the proposed changes come in it will be a yes."
,Not Recommended,270150,15224324,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sir Knight,Completely disopinted with the gameplay and complexity maybe better for free but not for a price.
76561198071713055,Not Recommended,270150,13752979,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tedd,"Maybe I'm just doing something wrong?I bought the game thinking it would run smooth, and within minutes was frusterated by the sluggish mouse control. I tried adjusting the in-game settings, still no luck. The game has a great concept, but for how fast paced it is, I need to be able to accurately move my crosshairs, and not have to worry about sluggish wasd keys. I'm really dissapointed with the controls and consider RWR unplayable. Wish I could get a refund!"
76561198170061490,Not Recommended,270150,15210850,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,jesse.james.patch,"This game is good, however there is no tuturial so you have to figure it out by yourself. I feel like this games prices should be lowered; its not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,270150,15181394,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Solenya,"this is the first game review i've ever done.this game should not have left early access.this game is so overhyped that nicki minaj has sued the developers for trademark infringement.this game should not be priced at $15.this game should be free to play with microtransactions so everyone knows even before they download it that it is not worth their time.overwhelmingly positive my nutsack.i wish i lived in the EU so i could return it.fun for about 1 hour, then you sit in amazement for 5 more hours as your ai squad member repeatedly drives your expensive♥♥♥♥♥tank into every obstacle on the map.i would love to see someone irl fire from behind cover like these beautifully cel-shaded toy soldiers do.nothing ""rpg"" whatsoever about this game. well, besides getting to equip an actual rpg.10/10 vengeful hate♥♥♥♥s.my eyes won't stop bleeding."
,Not Recommended,270150,26686660,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Moxonabi,its♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198046153785,Not Recommended,270150,23544046,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SleepiestRanger,Lame
76561198094430517,Recommended,270150,9481968,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Genpai_Senpai,Finally Got it to work.. BEST GAME EVER IN MY LIFE I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198085494392,Not Recommended,270150,15189465,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Rk,I would really like to play this game but it keeps freezing my comp on start up.any ideas?
76561198026394897,Not Recommended,270150,14523276,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,hmmmmmmm
,Not Recommended,270150,26570010,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,c_stocky,Not fun.
76561198064868050,Not Recommended,270150,10227137,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,lastikcizme,"Pointless game which is not going anywhere. All you so is run around, shoot, get shot, repeat, there's no progress.There's no music, unlike the trailer.Inventory is a mystery. Good luck figuring out how to change ordnance.There's some kind of XP points collection or something, but how it works is also unknown.I really wanted to like this game, but there's nothing in it to make you cling at it.In short, this is a half-baked game with no reason to keep you playing after 10 minutes."
76561198096720582,Not Recommended,270150,26681376,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Midnight Fury.,This game Donald Trump.It's great but it suck.
76561198097711923,Not Recommended,270150,15193884,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Salt-Tec,"Introducing MEAT-GRINDER SIMULATOR 2015!Featuring NO TUTORIAL WHATSOEVER!-Die before even getting into the thick of the fighting! Respawn twenty feet from the hotzone! Rinse! Lather! Repeat!-Fire blindly and fruitlessly at foes with rifles that couldn't hit the broad side of a barn!-Blow yourself up with your own grenades due to having no clue if you have a clear line of fire or not!-Join attack waves and get slaughtered at your choice of one of many, many chokepoints!-Realize attacking in waves is pointless and go around the fighting, then die in two or three hits without any backup!-Waste precious ammo ""sabotaging"" enemy supplies that in reality mean practically nothing!-Have a wrinkled old prune in a beret shout things at you that you already know from the top-left corner of the screen!-Uneasily come to the depressing realization that you've wasted thirteen dollars!"
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,270150,25123108,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,matt1184,"I'm a combat veteran, and I do not approve this game.  It is just a whole lot of chance, chaos, and well, nonsense.  If that is your thing, you'll like it."
76561198067219045,Not Recommended,270150,26589245,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HalfPint,My pant leg got really warm but nothing was there
76561198132780231,Not Recommended,270150,30062988,Posted: 20 February,all,LM,bg
76561198140474629,Not Recommended,270150,11597060,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Rampageing555,DONT get this game I paid ten dallors for full game but i CANT EVEN GET THE GAME STARTED THESE CREATERS ARE TRYING TO RIP U OFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198188284619,Recommended,270150,30467064,Posted: 12 March,all,mr_van_eikenhorst,"This game is extremely simple in concept: you shoot people while trying not to get shot yourself. The last part is very hard, because one bullet can take you out. Besides a normal campaign mode where you must conquer every map with the help of your AI friends, it also offers a Man Vs. World mode, where you fight like Rambo against the world. This last mode is a huge challenge and has me hooked on this game all over again. I cannot comment on the online modes as I never play online."
,Recommended,270150,10412668,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Loose Cannon,"Running With Rifles reminds one greatly of Cannon Fodder, an old game long ago. You're one man amongst many, given a rifle to run with. Defeat enemies, capture points, yadda yadda. All of this is in a top down view, which makes it surprisingly fun. The sheer lethality of the game makes it so you can only take a few bullets, if even that. You're going to die a lot, and kill a lot. But you can also pilot boats, tanks, jeeps, and cargo trucks. As you kill more dudes, you get promoted, and flunkies on your team will follow you around, topping to ten men running around with you. You can also radio in artillery fire, paratroopers, sandbags, and so on. All in all, it feels like a top down ArmA.There's only two issues, I find. One is that the three factions (Greenbelts = USA, Greycollars = Wehrmacht, Brownpants = Warsaw Pact) are only cosmetically different. An M16A4 acts like a G36 or AK47. Though I suppose it makes balance far easier, I really would've liked some faction uniqueness. The other issue is that unless you go behind enemy lines and eventually carve a path for your faction, there won't be much progress for you in maps. That reinforces the feeling of being only one man in a war way over your head, but eventually you want something to give, and go someplace else than the control point you and the Greenbelts have been fighting over for the past twenty minutes.It's a great game. Nice stress relief at only ten bucks.EDIT: The factions actually DO have differences in weaponry, but at first glance they act similarly."
76561197992405759,Recommended,270150,10233219,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,JRSorrow,Very addictive and Very awsome
,Recommended,270150,10234619,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Shitler,"Bloody review, its getting in the way of the play time of this game :CThis game is so addictive, as soon as you hit play, boom. It's intense when 800 ai are in the battle. Amazingly the ai are actually tactical even though it is in early access. Mods on this game are very welcome (as said on the page) and there is a variety of different types, such as Running in the trenches, a WW1 mod, there is also a lot of weapon mods adding even more guns to the game!All i can say is before i get back onto playing it is... get it. it is definatley worth the £6.99 with all of the content it has to offer."
76561198009621813,Recommended,270150,10247627,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Uzaka,OMG GRENADE. 10/10.
,Recommended,270150,10247720,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Death By Pig,"Really fun mulitplayer and if you like 3rd-person shooters, this is the game for you.It does have some cons though. For example, my friend and I tried to play multiplayer just by ourselves and it didn't really work.We tried looking it up but one website had part of the solution and the official website had the other part."
76561198088597657,Recommended,270150,10254110,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Angryyyyy,"A fun, addicting game overall. A bit confusing at first, but after a while, it starts to become very enjoyable. 10/10 would illegally download."
,Recommended,270150,10037183,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Haddedam,"I remember when this game came out as an alpha a long time ago. Things sure have changed.Now the game has more weapons, more maps, vehicles and more visceral gunplay.This game does offer by so far the most brutal firefights I've experienced in video games.Pros:Neat voxel art styleHumor and some referencesReally, really good firefights and hop-in multiplayernot overpricedmod toolsCons:Could be upgraded more often but I guess the dev has a day job as well.Needs more weapons definetly. The rare weapons don't seem to stay around foreverneeds A LOT more content to make this game last for more than 30 odd hours."
,Recommended,270150,10058385,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Myron Effin Baily,WHY YOU SO FUN?! WHY?! SO FUN?! WHY?!!!!!!
76561197978407433,Recommended,270150,10066880,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Lunocraft,"Despite the utter chaos of being in the front lines in this bird's eye view modern combat game, there is a lot of strategy involved. Running and gunning probably won't lend you too much help as you can die from one bullet. Ducking, hiding, avoiding ambushes, and even strategic points win you the matches. However, it's hard not to run and gun and have a blast (from a grenade or two) because you spawn in so quickly that I've asked myself many times, ""Why not?"" All around great game!"
76561197968926370,Recommended,270150,10073998,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,SplotchEleven,"10 hours in and I'm still enjoying the hell out of RWR.You play as a simple footsoldier fighting his small part in a much larger war. Capture bases, defend them, and take over the whole map to move on to the next territory. Sounds simple enough but you'll find, especially in the 3 way battles that this task is easier said than done.No OP vehicles (tanks are easily destroyed but the ample rocket infantry), a fairly robust cover and sneak system, and rank progression which unlocks larger squads of AI soldier for you to command will keep you engaged as you slog through the horrors of voxelated warfare.Some issues that hopefully will be addressed as the game is developed:1. AI soldiers don't sneak well, so if you want to go stealthy, you have to go solo.2. AI drivers are drive like drunken rambos. They'll get you blown up quicker than you can say, OHMAHGAWDROCKETSNOOOOO!3. Poor command over AI forces in general. They do a pretty good job of attacking and defending as per the AI commander's orders, but you'll sometimes find a large number of them will sit around not doing much of anything in territories that aren't under threat while the front line soldiers are getting slaughtered.4. You'd think a tank to drive through a chain link fence. You would be wrong.5. It seems like some weapon upgrades are needlessly expensive. For instance the mortar tube is 300 points to deploy once, and you lose it if you die... and you die a lot. Capturing a base, which is one of the main ways of gaining points gives you at best 100 points. So you have to capture 3 bases to get one mortar tube? I may just be a simple hyper-chicken, but to me that seems like it could use some balance.Despite these issues, the game is a blast to play. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,270150,10074456,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,RedSmoke,Running With Rifles is like the Soldat of the 2010's. If you liked Soldat you will like this one.
,Recommended,270150,10076789,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,OctaviusRed,very fun game.
,Recommended,270150,10084956,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,The SpearTip,"If you have fond memories of Cannon Fodder and Syndicate and you don't mind a challenging difficulty level, then step right up as Running With Rifles is for you."
76561198105996948,Recommended,270150,10088693,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,gooberz123,"one of the best games i ever had thumbs up from gooberz123 highly suggested woth he 10 buks game developers plz keep workin on it , it is really great cant wait to see wut u can come up with"
76561198003970851,Recommended,270150,10092250,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Tikiisgod,Awesome game and great co-op as well.
,Recommended,270150,9998839,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,GreySweats,Battlefield X Blast Corps/GTA Chinatown WarsA game like this needed to happen.10/10
76561198004228079,Recommended,270150,10000505,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Bioleak32,"A classic top-view shooter. Simply, fast and classic. A no brainer game."
,Recommended,270150,10002234,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Skawty,Awsome Game havent had so much fun in a long time!!! 10/10
,Recommended,270150,10002986,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,st0nez,Great game. Lots of potential. Having a blast playing it!
76561198090978756,Recommended,270150,10180940,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,BigMacintosh4,This game is AMAZING ask yourself how awsome it would be for 800 players to be on each teamand have 3 factions battling it out in vehicles and alot of weapons.
76561198067295295,Recommended,270150,13166011,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zaramba,"9/10If you like like Magicka, you will love it)"
76561198020761190,Recommended,270150,13506611,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Welsh_Boyo,You grow up with Cannon Fodder games....play the battle field games ....then this is a cross of the 2. You play as a trooper attacking a map and you have to get areas on the map and keep thim.Great fun with some realisum. Even better with friends.
76561197994530004,Recommended,270150,13510582,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,tango209,"Quite a fun game.  Really enjoy the multiplayer, very little lag even when connecting to a server in the UK from California.Only a couple complaints so far:1) Didn't see an option for making crouch and prone a toggle instead of having to hold the key down.2) Needs a visual indicator to show that you are reloading, too many times I though I had pressed R and it wasn't reloading.3) Needs to show which weapon is equipped, hard to tell sometimes from looking at the small character model.4) Grabbing ladders need to be a lot more forgiving, very frustrating trying to get onto ladders.  Just let me get close and hit space to get on, any key but space to climb, and space to jump off if I don't want to keep going."
76561198017014716,Recommended,270150,13471075,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Chameau,I have never had this much fun in any game. Running With Rifles is awesome even in singleplayer campaing. Bought it yesterday but cant stop playing.
76561197973552330,Recommended,270150,13448999,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,XOskeletal,"I only tried it for a few minutes before work. When I closed it, I had a big smile on my face. : )Worth the sale price for sure."
76561198002700724,Recommended,270150,13525656,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ZodiacSWE,Realy good Game! with every penny
,Recommended,270150,13429872,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Leopold Stotch,"A great little Battlefield-esque game. I'm normally not the one for Isometric games, but the demo was there and it was 200mb so what the heck.It gripped me instantly.The battles are large and enduring, yet fluid it enough for it to never get boring.It has rock solid mechanics and looks pretty enough, but it truly shines in mulitplayer where it's dynamic campaigns foster teamwork like few other games can.It's great fun, it's cheap, and it will run on anything. But don't take my (or the hundreds of other reviews) word for it, download the aforementioned demo and decide for yourself."
,Recommended,270150,13795235,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cat People,"This is war, buddy. Think you get some kind of special treatment?"
76561198014783625,Recommended,270150,13537925,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,D38Boss,"This game is so addicting. It's simple, yet so fun.My only complaint, is I wish there was some kind of customization for your soldier, but that's a minor detail."
76561198047906250,Recommended,270150,13582841,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Audie®,"Played the demo and was impressed by it.I bought the game and i am still impressed, money well spent.The game is well put together, the AI is quite good, the firefights can be challenging, its not like most shooting games where it is almost impossible to die and enemies are so easy to kill, you could kill lots but suddenly get killed by a grenade.but anyway great game, Merry christmas"
76561198034787397,Recommended,270150,16226088,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,JR,"The game is great and I am baffled why it has such a lack of community. Eitherway the game is worth it for the singleplayer campaign. Online if you live in the UK or USA you are lucky and will have support for multiplayer. Australia server is now dead at the time of writing this review, I really wish there were more Aussie players :("
76561198005317126,Recommended,270150,15250453,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,fifteenracing,Compulsive fun. Love the progression from bumbling squaddie to hardened veteran with a squad of my own. Love the big flowing battles.
76561198069665034,Recommended,270150,17713612,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,preliatorII,"This game surely is something else, leading squads as you rank up from private to Captain is amazing feature. Combat can get awesome at times if you have full troop count on max so you can see multitudes of dozens fighting each other and dying in hailstorms of bullets, really is something else this game."
76561198035776269,Recommended,270150,16982453,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Uttergerth000 Communist,"played for 3 hours, Stayed in the same place killing APCs and soldiers. After 4 hours of killing people went to the main menu apparently killed over 800 men 10/10"
76561198073822914,Recommended,270150,17071291,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mr.Fallon,This game made me beat my keyboard harder than Ike Turner beat Tina Turner10/10
,Recommended,270150,17158712,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,stealy,Just get it
,Recommended,270150,15456768,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Samuelz,"Running with Rifles...Long Version: Running with Rifles, a top-down strategy game with a fair amount of greatness to it. You may find the last 2 missions hard though, I know I did. This game is insanely fun, including the random things the AI say such as ""It's Friday Friday... (singing )"" or maybe even ""OW, my toe!"" Just the fact that they added in silly things like that tells you it will be a nice game. If you want a nice Open worldish, top-down shooter, RWR is it.Short Version:-Play singleplayer-Cri about how much you get rekt by AI-Figure out how to beat them-Beat singleplayer-Play Multiplayer-Get an almost full server-Get rekt-Cri your heart outRating:8.75/10"
,Recommended,270150,16526168,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DaTinyBoss,"Day 1:GO RAMBO!!!!! DIED MANY TIMESDay 2:Started to learn actually how to playDay 3:Got run over by friendly jeepDay 4:Gets high kill streak,become sergeant first classDay 5:Random grenade(from me)bounces of wall and kills whole squadDay 6:Died many times because of troll jeeps,tanks and apcsRWR is quite a good game.I cant stand the random bullets flying and killing me though.But still,i enjoy infiltrating enemy bases to steal cargo trucks,putting miniguns,arties and tons of sandbags on buildings to create a invincible fort.The Devs really should put more maps and weapons into the game.Maybe make a reinactment of WW1,WW2 or something else?"
,Recommended,270150,13625704,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LIL FRENCHFRY,This game is super addictive!
,Recommended,270150,13612647,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Denouvo,"Just bought the game, try to play the game, spot a jeep, drive a Jeep for 2 sec, got killed by an RPG10/10 would drive a Jeep again"
,Recommended,270150,13613829,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mercenary Leader,Hey guys I love the game. Just wish there was controller support and a way to delete saves.Now here's an idea; make a mode or DLC where its a zombie survival. Basic needs other people stuff like that. Just saying this might make the game better. :)
76561198084541679,Recommended,270150,13616426,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,FAKE B0NTE,A amamzing experience. With lone wolf gameplay and the best teamwork amaginable. Shape the battlefield with deployable cover and machine guns. Use your radio to call in troops and support. One of the best shooters i played in a long time.
76561198023421279,Recommended,270150,13603459,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,KuruGuru,Awesome for the casual gaming experience! ! ! ! !Fast-Paced shooting action.Very Enjoyable.
76561198003494792,Recommended,270150,13909072,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,MiGG,LOVE IT!!!
76561197988855623,Recommended,270150,13347593,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,p.Rxx-,I can't honestly say anymore then what's already been saidbut it and don't miss out this gem
,Recommended,270150,13544076,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Franky Stories,"It is really great idea game who has really good potential. :) I highly recommend it, it would be great for coop gameplay with friends. :)"
76561198053286852,Recommended,270150,13461700,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MutleyNZ,Well worth spending $10 on this...I like it alot!!!
,Recommended,270150,14166983,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,scoober☹,Pretty fun game to mess around in. Unfortunately the community is pretty small and the only server that is ever populated is located in the UK so be wary of that.
,Recommended,270150,10283647,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Babushka Driver,Amazing game I would recommend it to anybody who loves war and epic mayhem.
,Recommended,270150,15881294,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[TAS][KTX]GIGroundNPound,"This game is just too damn good! I love it...it's simple to learn but oh so difficult to master. Tons of men rushing into battle on all sides with artillery and armor; what's not to like? For this price I cannot recommend it enough. Get this game grab some buddies and blow stuff up! I keep coming back to this game over and over again because I simply love it. Also, the modding community is already well on its way and hopefully we will get workshop support for it."
76561198134681187,Recommended,270150,16253091,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ratchi,"The game is really unique and great. if you've been looking for a big war game, this is the one to have. You are just a tiny soldier in the middle of this huge battle and you can get overwhelmed by all the explosions and deaths going on. I would highly recommend this game for you no doubt about it."
76561198054385691,Recommended,270150,16090347,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Bowa54100,I challenge you to do a one life challenge...  Good luck surviving more then a couple of minutes :)
,Recommended,270150,16150148,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Луцки,"This game is AWESOME!!! 10/10,But when will there be workshop support?"
76561198055491486,Recommended,270150,16165354,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,sfussup,Shhh baby dont talk just let it happen... buy it i promise it willl feel gooood
76561198076680348,Recommended,270150,15633826,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Sensible_Sandwich,YEEEEESSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,270150,15281878,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,soy,This game rules.
,Recommended,270150,15282223,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Nightwulf29,"Pretty easy to learn and really great action. Youll learn quickly that you have to use cover, tactics, and strategy when playing this game. You also cant beat the price so have fun in this ongoing warzone!"
76561198151282586,Recommended,270150,15282835,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Delfo,This game actually requires teamwork and communication;what were the developers thinking?!10/10 would lone wolf again
,Recommended,270150,15285644,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Synn,"A very fun little top down shooter that has a lot more complexity to it than you'd think at first glance. Enemy AI is really good and the open world nature of the game works pretty well. Supports a lot of gameplay styles though for certain game types like recon stealth missions you'll probably have to turn down the number of AI spawning unless you're playing with others in a stealth squad.The gameplay of moving from cover to cover, calling in airstrikes/support, taking out tanks and so on is better than in your typical FPS."
,Recommended,270150,15285855,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ramethelis,i was here from early acess and loved the game i just wish it had steam workshop :/
76561198057737077,Recommended,270150,15286879,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Jäger,"If you ever grew up playing with army men figures and created giant battles, this game is for you. This game offers so much fun and strategy, that many games lack. This is truly a hidden gem that needs more light shed on it. Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,270150,15198637,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ludens,I spent 5 hours making a star wars mod just to know that there is a much better version on the forums.10/10
76561197972399238,Recommended,270150,15210601,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Charnobyl (shiver),"This game is a top down shooter. They some how did every thing just right, so that it's a lot of fun. It's easy for any kind of play style, and you don't have to let your teamates cramp your style if they aren't team players. Most people will play for the mindless fire fights, but it actually has a very indepth stealth game mechanic built in (that takes a little patience to get the hang of. It's difficult, but mostly because video game's have not prepared us for enemies with eyes/ears in a stealth game).It's not an MMO. Not truly. There are persistant stats, like your xp, your stash, and your resourc points (money), but there's no hub town, and the game is all about combat (many different kinds of combat, but still combat. You wont find any crafting mechanics). My big criticism of MMO's though, is that if you stripped away the MMO part, you'd just have a very veery boring game. This game is fun solely on it's own merits. A single player game or campaign could be enjoyed endlessly. That's what I found playing the Demo. After playing the demo for 5 hours, I realized the game was a blast, and bought the full version. But incase the game play wasn't enough, they do have xp and levels and loot. So that addictive element is there for those sorts of people."
76561197991378806,Recommended,270150,15210951,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Act,"really nice, game with tactical elements and makes even more fun in Multiplayer. You shoud defently buy that one"
76561198038687141,Recommended,270150,15211014,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DEMOCRACY,"Highly recommended for those that can endure pure chaos.One minute cruising into a town in a truck, The next you are stuck in the middle of a firefight. 10/10 Will slaughter again!"
76561198220193724,Recommended,270150,15211108,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DuckTheGreat,Oh. My. Lordie.... This game is THE BEST GAME I have on my steam account. Hours and Hours of fun with friends or going solo with so many ways to tackle the objective. If you don't get this game you will be missing one of the best things that has ever happened in the history of humans. LITERALLY! 10/10 -IGN 10/10 -Shrek
,Recommended,270150,15211197,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,shridhardev1991,battles are going to last for 2 to 3 hours. you are going to die a lot. you are going to kill A LOT. GET IT!!!!!!!
,Recommended,270150,15532606,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,solfinder,"If you have not bought this game yet buy it 5 times so you and your friends and die together! be prepared to duck and shoot which moving though the trees and blowing up machine gunners.  It really does feel like you are in a war zone! And so many things can go so wrong or so right! it is a epic game, This game is best played with friends but dont do friendly firer or you might lose a friend."
76561198041131555,Recommended,270150,15535046,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,shapiro,Great game with more depth than first appears. You can charge in and get caught in the bloodbath or work with other players as a team  - either way it's heaps of fun. Check out the wiki and demo to give you an idea of what it is about.
76561197970338935,Recommended,270150,15518682,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Theo Huxtable,Battlefield 1942 + Company of Heroes
,Recommended,270150,16189591,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WillyMcBride,Chaos...glorious chaos!
76561198114865394,Recommended,270150,15397786,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Stain,Need Reinforcements.
76561198025988825,Recommended,270150,16081997,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,BlackJacketWasp,Simple yet extremely entertaining game =D Pew pew pew~
,Recommended,270150,16101854,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Fun,Its a good game battles can take hours if its a stalemate
,Recommended,270150,15165800,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,PuttyKitties,"An AI drove the tank I was in and he clearly stated he doesn't know how to drive this thing, and he really didn't. He drove straight into the enemy base and we died by having 40 hostile troops surrounding us.10/10 would ask AI to drive again."
,Recommended,270150,15170763,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,yourolddream,"A funny cartoon, Top-Down, tactic shooter which can take a lot of time. Running with Rifles looks at first view like a  game you're not sure about buying it or what you exactly can do in it. After downloading the demo version of RWR I was absolutley suprised about the big possibilities you have in this game. Having your own squad, being a soldier alone in the war or being a tank driver... It is your choise what you make in the battle and how it developes. Playing in a squad requires  some tactical knowledge and tactical gameplay ( e.g. via COOP, PVE, PVP ) can safe yourself and your teammates. You also can support your team with many weapons ( e.g. sniper, mg, mortar ). The KI is well created and not that easy if you set the settings like it. The behaviour of the grenades or crunching behind an objective or something else is realistic and I think for a Top-Down shooter nearly perfect. The updates, which were released, included some important and nice stuff, which made the game better. The sounds, maps, textures, weapons are all in all great. If you aren't happy with some sounds e.g you can mod it or download some mods. The price-performance ratio is absolutley good.All in all for those who are thinking about buying it, download the demo and/ or buy it. In my opinion it is one of the best games which are developed and released in 2015. A great tactic Top-Down shooter. I hope that it will get more interesting stuff. Would be awesome.^^"
,Recommended,270150,15172138,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Doom721,"You aren't going to get a more simple and enjoyable top-down FPS.You play as super-squishy soldier that without body armor crumples into a heap upon being shot. Cartoony in graphics and physics you have a limited view range at what you can shoot at, indicated by a translucent line and a red/green dot.Great for coop as it has adjustable settings of how much AI/how hard they are, I spent a decent amount of time in RWR before its 1.0 patch.You push bases, flank areas, get mauled by AI units moving as a group and eventually earn both XP ( use higher level guns ) and RP from selling items you find and capturing objectives. The RP is then used to call artillery, paratroopers and vehicle drops for your disposal.Cartoony, stylized, simple and easy to pick up its a great ""pick up game"" for when you don't want to focus all too hard on something. You drop right in a coop server, shoot some bots, earn some XP and they even have a working persistence system for leveling up in multiplayer coop servers.Don't want to play with strangers? Singleplayer and Coop Campaigns are easy to set up with just one port to forward and a selection of AI count and difficulty, and the XP/RP gains in the game. Its easy to play, and just as easy to get shot and die!"
76561198070703853,Recommended,270150,15172525,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MrxBath,"I LOVE THIS GAME.It's a great pick up n' play action shooter, or it can be a large scale strategy game that you play or hours dominating (or getting dominated) with your friends.Plus it's the only early access game that I've seen reach a fully finished state :)Buy this game!!!!"
,Recommended,270150,15173749,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,m@gicpanda,/Hums theme tune
,Recommended,270150,15174714,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ｇｏｏｂｓ,basically arma amirite
76561197960894544,Recommended,270150,15175116,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Wendy,Cannon fodder reborn... with friends!
,Recommended,270150,15175398,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Gunmars,RWR is a simple yet very fun game. The art style is somewhat unique for a top down arcade shooter that discourages run and gun in favor of more tactical positioned combat. Unlike some other higher profile top downs in this style RWR is a more sandbox affair that can take a decent amount of time to progress. Only small concern I have for this game is the AI can be somewhat fickle and sometimes frustrating when they do useless things. RWR is a game that won't hold you attention for a extended period of time because of the simple yet effective fun design and playstyle but this game is a perfect pick up and play that you won't regret buying for on and off fun.
76561198033424233,Recommended,270150,15177273,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SanctifiedDevil,"Hahahaha, yes! Game is pretty feature rich. Taken by surprise by the amount of fun it offers."
76561198012000006,Recommended,270150,15177295,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Foo Fighter,"It's a wonderful, simple, treasure that has an arcade / comic feel.  I die constantly on a map but doesn't lose any fun in this gem!  Again, simple game play but actually has some fun variety!"
76561198061924814,Recommended,270150,15177446,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,|12.Iftr| Rec. Duke,"Ok, so this is a great game. I'm not really one for idle conversation, so let's get straight to the pros and cons:PROS:Decent GraphicsGood AICool VehiclesThree Factions, each with specialties and quirksDozens of guns and other gadgetsFun SystemsTactical GameplayBanter between squadmates is sometimes funny, sometimes downright stupid, but that's the pointCONSOne Sided Campaign, the enemy never pushes back and just leaves territory you captured alone.AI runs over you with vehicles... a lot.Please note that I've only done PVE in this game. I really can't recommend this game enough. It's really fun. 9/10 from me"
76561198104962797,Recommended,270150,15177529,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,MrPie,super fun game!
76561198041107199,Recommended,270150,15177594,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,quitsosidegamer,I love this game.
,Recommended,270150,15365211,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Beast Slayer,"This is what indie games SHOULD be, creating a game that feels like it belongs in the era when WW2 COD games were proudly displayed amoung your library, instead of being full of mountian dew and doritio ads. There is a bit of luck in it, dying with what seems like one hit but is probaly three, but that ties into the artistic decision of being your average joe in the war instead of the maser cheif powered by nitrous. The AI is about the most inteligent i've seen in a while, often cracking funny jokes when the combat dies down instead of just walking into trees (i have shot an enemy which said about a second earleir that he has two weeks left...), and the off screen aming mechanic is simply briliant. A single campaign can take a day to complete, but can put down and picked up very quickly, and you feel TOTAL acomplishment for completing. The enviroments are great and the game runs very smoothly, the animation for dying is jarring initaly, scarring you a little bit, but turns to comical as your soldier flops around and you rage at the enemy for ruining your killstreak... vowing revenge Overall, it has an arcade simplicity and an early COD game awsomness... a must own for anyone who gets shooters"
76561198007508342,Recommended,270150,15365636,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Custodes,I love it! I get a sorta army men feeling when playing.
76561198005737796,Recommended,270150,15364698,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,KeyloGT,"After watching a stream on twitch.tv I was interested in the game but I was kinda've skeptical because of the price however after getting into the game and playing it for various hours i'm having a blast. Buy this game, you wont regret it!"
76561198050935851,Recommended,270150,15366134,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Meoquanee,"-The grind in this game to acquire higher ranks and equipment feels a bit sluggish if you are new to the game like me. Every enemy grants experience points per kill which, if enough has been accumulated, can 'unlock' other weapons such as an mg, advanced assault rifles, flares, etc., provided also you have enough resource points to spend, which are earned by selling blue named items you find on the ground from dead enemies. But anytime you are killed (which may be a lot) you lose some rp or xp (both?) which sets you back a little...and a lot if you have a nice death streak going :P. So the grind is real BUT is worth every moment imo as there is tons of fun to be had and can rack-up some nice amount of xp and rp if played with a team mindset.If you play on one server while attaining a high rank and you move to another server, you must start from rank one again (depending if you are on dedicated servers as they share data).Gameplay tends to get somewhat repetitive at times if played for long periods.-Population: Out of the servers I have seen there seems to be quite a few full pvp and pve servers so i guess it depends on what server you play on.-I only played a couple hours of singleplayer but most of my time has been spent on multiplayer. Also you spawn as soon as you load into the server so there is no choosing classes or anything, just run to where the action is...run and run and run....with your rifle :)"
,Recommended,270150,15348645,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,IceKing,"Good game for what it is. Can get somewhat frustrating with the computer AI though.All I'd like to see fixed are current server issue causing restarts and I'm begging the dev to please fix the AI commander.Please let a player designate attack orders. Some campaigns go on for hours because instead of capturing one side of an island, he'll ignore the last bastion of enemy defence and turn around and send all the forces to the other side, allowing the nearly dead team to come back and doze through the area you just fought so hard to capture."
76561198018106956,Recommended,270150,15351390,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,NoseGoblin,"Just started playing...and I'm already hooked. On the surface the game looks like a simple shooter but it has surprising depth and caters to many gameplay styles. I haven't played multiplayer yet, but for the single player side of things its refreshing to be able to stop at anytime and pick up right where you left off...(being able to pause would be nice, but its not a bad compromise since the load time is quick). If your old enough to remember Robotron and the old C64 game RAMBO and you mixed those in with an RTS and added a bunch of weapon options along with a graphic style similar to TF2 you'd end up with RWR."
76561197986406527,Recommended,270150,15335308,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Lazerballs,"If original Ace of Spades and Cannon Fodders had their way, this would be the end result.Personally I like this alot. The game, not the games having sex-part."
,Recommended,270150,15028467,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Legate,"-You die alot, who doesn't like dying?-Watch your squadmates die-Die-Grow a sense of comradare with your fellow squadmates, with such touching, soulful lines like:""GRENADE""""OMG GRENADE""""So that's where the clutch is""-Kill your squadmates (Needs to be added, dammit...)-Sometimes you run-With a shotgun... Or maybe... Just maybe... A rifle...-Die again-Get run over by your own team's tank (""So that's where the clutch is"" Seriously, fix it...)-Drive a jeep-Run over a dead body and immidiatly break your headphones (Fix it...)-Play a single campaign mission for AN HOUR-Shoot the hostages at the end of the mission out of frustration-Die, somehow-Try and kill yourself by jumping off a two story building, somehow survive unscathedNo, but in all seriousness this really is a good game X3."
,Recommended,270150,15028729,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,VYEKING,"Super fun, awesome gameplay - worth every penny."
76561198024980050,Recommended,270150,10237536,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Don't Let Your MEMES Be DREAMS,11/10
76561198026608535,Recommended,270150,15041499,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Panamo,"pretty great and restores my faith in Early Access, this is what a game in EA should be like. a little polish and content and this game is good to go."
76561198005858900,Recommended,270150,15043185,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Volksgrenadier,Rack up 500+ kills on one life. Die from a stray bullet meters away.10/10
76561198091493600,Recommended,270150,15134435,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,JJ Strong Arms,I am not a fan of Top Down Shooters but this changed me.
,Recommended,270150,15241462,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ThatDemonicGuy ツ,Fun game for people who like actions game that take a while to complete.You need to capture objectives to win a mission.But the thing is that it can take hours to just take 1 objective.You also level up and take control as a leader over friendly units.They wil follow you where ever you go.
,Recommended,270150,15228069,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Mr.XxX,awesom game
76561198050500264,Recommended,270150,15228619,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bape Fit,"Fun, easy and addictive. A little confusing at first but super fun once you get the hang of it!"
,Recommended,270150,15229215,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Headless,"This is an amazing game for a great price. I regularly play this game singleplayer, but also join up with friends in co-op and it still feels fresh after thousands of kills. A great blend of tactics and action keeps you on your toes from the moment you spawn in until that sweet victory message pops up. Buy Running With Rifles."
76561197968200652,Recommended,270150,15229314,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Taso,Excellent game! Top down shooter that's a mix of Red Orchestra and Battlefield. Multiplayer works well and there are lots of populated servers to play. Supports up to 64 players (not including AI). AI is well done and fun to play against. Well worth the price!
,Recommended,270150,15229547,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kwynnaris,"Dakka Dakka, Boom. pew pew.RWR is a fantastic quasi-tactical shooter. Vehicles, weapons and maps are all well done, and super enjoyable regardless which end you're on. was doing a campaign with a friend, and 4 hours later, with more then 10,000 soldiers dead amongst the three factions, we were victorious. Much fun.Also, Rocket Pods OP."
76561198039604152,Recommended,270150,15229952,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Monty,Why you reading this? Get the game 12/10
,Recommended,270150,15889552,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[TAS] Lt_PliskinAJ,Super simple game that is insanely addicting. If you want to just shoot people for a few minutes or a few hours it will keep you busy. Even better when co-oping with friends.The only downside would be it is a bit complicated to set up your own multiplayer the first time. You have to do some port forwarding once in your settings. After that you can make any singleplayer game into a multiplayer game with 2 clicks.
76561198042004494,Recommended,270150,15895938,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,daveyjonesman,ONLY complaint I have is...moooorrreeee!the end
76561198045570182,Recommended,270150,15944545,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,PrinceOfPluto,"Simple controls, but very in-depth system and AI. You may fight over a few meters of the street for half an hour or more. It is immensely satisfying when your forces finally push forward. I feel like I have played much longer because of how meaningful every city block is.There are no heroes; you will die often. If you don't use cover tactically, you will die. If you try to run and gun like the title says, you will probably die. If you try to advance without any support, you may think it is going well until you get surrounded or a tank shows up and you don't have any rockets. Then you will die.10/10, will definitely die again"
,Recommended,270150,15959413,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Enderzilla747,"This game, is the best top down shooter I had. It may seem silly at first but during the heat of battle this game gets tactical. With an array of weapons to kill the enemy using a sniper, ARs, RPGs, shotguns and more to find hidden in the map. You NEED a squad to survive since in this game you can't go rambo and every bullet has a chance to kill you. I think this game should add more things like:Workshop, player model changes according to rank, show ALL objectives in map screen, MOAR vehicles, more smart AI.Also seriously, after a couple cargo truck stealings, sometimes the armory won't take it. Fix it.I give this game a 9/10. (Also I found an easter egg that involves showing this engraved in a map *will edit later*. It shows this [II]. It shows it in Roman Numerals. So RWR 2 is coming soon... soon."
76561197979004553,Recommended,270150,15749736,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,jedimaster512,"Sometimes you want to be able to play a game for 30 minutes and feel satisfied. On other occasions, you'd prefer to delve into a multi-hour campaign. Running With Rifles gives you the best of both worlds. I haven't even touched the multiplayer yet. Is the AI extremely dumb? Yes. I don't even care. I just like shooting things. If you like shooting things, you'll like Running With Rifles."
76561198068621132,Recommended,270150,15789884,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,The Chops,Really fun would play again
,Recommended,270150,15792074,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,[TG_IM]Northman,"Reminds me of the old army man games I used to play as a kid, great nostalgia factor and fun top-down shooter."
76561198216049600,Recommended,270150,15795061,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,FireArrow47,This game is a very fun game and does not need a very good cpu and graphics card to run.  It is not like the typical running around with a gun and dieing every 5 seconds.  This game uses strategy which can lead to making a major impact in a battle or failing miserably.  You alone could help your team push up in a fight.
76561198076614127,Recommended,270150,15674169,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Varnak Godgrafen,"Everything in this game is great and enjoyable. If you like a challenge definetly play hard but sometimes it's better to play lets play so you feel a bit more beneficial. Only downside. Annyoing inventory system, Last mission is a 1 man mission ish, Never going to finish the final mission."
76561198068987944,Recommended,270150,15679294,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,benihana,"So far this game is GREAT. It's almost like a top down Battlefield. Love the graphics. It feels very tactical. The controls can get a little gummed up sometimes and my left hand is doing some crazy stretch to stay prone while engaging and reloading. With that said, would love to see both a prone and crouch toggle to free up from holding down the respective commands.So far, overall, this is an excellent game. Only single player mode so far. The AI is very responsive. Higher ranking enemies and soldiers are actually ""smarter"", utilizing cover and good volleys of fire. I'm very impressed. I also love the topographical countour lines built into the maps. As a top down, it's kind of limited in its ""OMG"" moments, but fire fights can be intense, drawn out, and very fun. Looking forward to putting MANY more hours into this game. Great job, devs!"
,Recommended,270150,15542064,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,jhfridhem,I really like this game online but in offline  it is just boring beacause you are the best of your team. But in online it is really awesome and even better if you have a friend to play with
,Recommended,270150,15734272,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,愛愛Suki愛愛愛,"So i bought the game just for the multy player.  I played the single player on a fake rwr, i kinda regret buying it thus none play rwr on asia. only the us has like over 26 players and other servers. i Really regret buying this game for the sake of multiplayer. I am a colonel already and singleplayer is very very fun. If u were to buy this game. Don't. Just use the torrent version of this game cause its rather better. (depends if u live in the states or any other country except asia so multiplayer . You can probably play. I refer to buy this game when its on sale due to u saving allot of cash."
,Recommended,270150,15333116,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tickle The Pickle,THIS A FUN GAME ALOWWING YOU TO FIGHT WITH YOUR SOLIDER AND HIS SQUAD THE WAY YOU WANT TO
76561198087089473,Recommended,270150,15333194,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,iloveyou,10/10 BUY IT!!
76561198166313626,Recommended,270150,15337098,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,GimpCent,Very well done hope to see similar games in the future.  Would buy again so I must say I recommend this game.  At its core its really honestly simply flawless.  It dishes out many great experiences for a game at such a low price point.  Bloody good show.
,Recommended,270150,15337821,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,"""Hi There""",Downloaded it yesterday night. kept me awake trough the rest of it. good to hear the birds are back though! Spring!
,Recommended,270150,15304145,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"Fair warning: This game is grindy, but it's fun.RUNNING WITH RIFLES is a top-down tactical shooter, a mix of arcadey and sim mechanics, with single and multiplayer modes. You start out as a Private, and your only objective is to point, shoot and die...a lot.As you level up, however, you gain currency, gain access to new weapons, able to form squads, and call in radio support. The game gets bigger as you play, and what seem at first to be RNG mechanics become things you directly control.There's a lot of game to like here, but it's still a bare-bones sandbox. No story, not the best sound assets or graphics, only a couple of game modes, and lots of running.I would recommend it, perhaps on sale."
,Recommended,270150,15317869,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,nedstarX,"If dev put sharks in the river, I'll rate 11/10"
76561198012531965,Recommended,270150,15186022,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GHOST,if u love shooters u have to get this game! total fun!!!!!!
76561198055231372,Recommended,270150,15227875,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Amazing,"This game is a gem.  A Fun and tatical war sim game. It has a retro look but a modern design and mechinics. Its a open battle field game an the AI reacts in a way that makes you feel like combat is alive.One thing i hated about most war games is that being the hero can be tiring. Its nice to be just one of the sqaud and let someone else do the push for a change as you reload.  This game does a good job of making you feel like a real solder, one of many, in a real war.It ha a classic and gritty feel look that works great with the combat style. this game offers a very ww2 in the trenches / Dday type of feel.The game can someone feel a little bare bones, its got apcs and such.. But i would have liked to see stuff like a flame thrower or a flame dragon tank.Online is looking great... The devs have put alot of time and love into this game.I give this game a 9 out of 10..."
76561197969343327,Recommended,270150,15265960,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Asteraf,"Fairly balanced and generally a very fun game to play. Minor latency issues with some online servers near capacity (same country, not willing to try out of country servers).  Extremely enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,270150,15266415,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CptCuddleMuffin,"This game is a fun game to play with a few people or even a full server, you can be tatical and go around the enemy hopefully to take over their bases from the side or go onto a full frontal attack! Few guns to play with and vehicles. I have done a Little Look video on it If you wish to see how some of it works :D ENJOY!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xt8-YPwTmaE"
76561198035477869,Recommended,270150,15258111,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Bayi,Great game 10/10.. cooperative mode is great :D!
,Recommended,270150,15270019,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,HeZeus,"Incredibly diverse, fun and constantly interesting to play. 10/10, buy this game."
76561198112325338,Recommended,270150,15258060,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ron swanson,"Strategy? More like avaioding rogue grenades. Staying back and calling artillery strikes? you have to be 50 feet from the enemy. The AI wont get out of APCs, and they run you over which can ruin your day (in game). you cant get to many battles in time and the objectives are spaced so far apart, so alot of the game is running (to the objective) with your rifle or hopping into a stupid AI's jeep.Still a pretty fun game, just hope they improve the AI and make the game a little more diverse."
,Recommended,270150,15270475,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Bruce,"You're running with rifles, and its epic."
,Recommended,270150,15270482,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,jelqing master,It's alright.
76561197998775335,Recommended,270150,15243131,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Corvar,"At FIRST, I had this game rated as a no. But, after a discussion with one of the games dev's, JackMayol, I had to rate this a yes. Never before have I witnessed a more involved dev team. Jack spent a good 20 minutes explaining how to NOT mess up like an idiot *Like I did* on the first mission.If you wont buy the game for the AWESOME gameplay, buy it to support the great devs :)"
,Recommended,270150,15271443,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Alanoth,"Super fun, low system requirements, cheap entertainment that will last a long time"
,Recommended,270150,15271672,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Fiflax,10/10 read wiki for better experience.
76561198068193411,Recommended,270150,15258066,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,BerbaFert,Extremely addicting.10/10
76561198036068163,Recommended,270150,15258094,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,TilleredSticks,"This Game is defiantly awesome. Its based on many genres and clearly inspired by other titles, However  it is very unique in its own way. The gameplay is solid and better then most 60 dollar titles that have come out in the past few years.My only complaint about the game is that the ranking system is not very good at all, which is unfortunate because I value being able to see how I have done each and every round. This game is also good enough to take a ranking system seriously so I would love to see them do alot of work to that. Also this game could use a better friendlist option to make it easier to join your friends and be on there team in the Pvp.  However these are small complaints to a very fun and solid game, this is my first review I felt this game deserved the time taken to write this. I would give it a solid 8.5 out of 10."
76561198103524537,Recommended,270150,15258645,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,brysonjenkins17,Just goes to show a game can be so simple and so fun at the same time! and cant beat the price!! Definitely reccommend this!
76561198036876869,Recommended,270150,15259163,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Marcus Slaughter,"Running with rifles is the perfect mix of simple, yet complex. It's exactly what I've been looking for: cheap, easy to get into and rewarding to play. Just look at everyone else's review if you want to hear more, but I promise you it will be all good."
76561198093621205,Recommended,270150,15259544,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,|TM| SchilleUSMC,"This game is amazing... So simple but so awesome... Glad I gave it a shot, very exciting with the massive amounts of people to kill or be killed.. totally worth... $12 bucks...."
76561198154025830,Recommended,270150,15259749,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mojo Amok,"There's loads of proper reviews already and a demo, so I'll keep this brief.Its an amazingly fun, accessible, chaotic and addictive game that feels like playing with plastic army men in the lawn with firecrackers and kerosene (spoiler alert: you are the plastic army men). Getting killed is no big deal - and you will be getting killed - so, the pacing is great as 30 minutes of playing RWR is really close to 30 minutes of actual gameplay.Good reflexes and a guns blazing approach can work well, but a more cerebral and cautious style built on awareness and positioning is more effective (well, especially if your reflexes are marginal like mine). The controls are beautifully done and give proper responsiveness and feel to the weapons with intuitive line of sight feedback in a clean UI.It also should be a lesson to developers that you can make a great looking game without a lavish development budget.Just a number of excellent design decisions coming together to perfectly complement what the developers had in mind: carnage on a massive scale. My advice is to grab it, forget all about single player and just hop on the Co-Op servers immediately."
76561198133746199,Recommended,270150,13085114,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,black jesus,yes
76561198043111952,Recommended,270150,13205407,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,KIAHL,"Can only speak to the single-player at this time but as it stands this is a fun and exciting game with a neat concept. It reminds me of the old ""Army Men"" games on the PC, with you being a pawn in a much larger game rather than the Rambo of much of the modern military genre. The learning curve is a bit steep to begin with but once you get the handle of it you will be fragging and shooting your way through an enjoyable game."
76561198073092289,Recommended,270150,13207498,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dr. Johnson,"This game is one of the most fun games I have played. I have not put many hours into it, but I can assurue this is fun.The up sides to this game are1. Easy to learn2. Fun with friends3. The way the campaign is set up allows for alot of replayabilty thanks to the options for the AIThere are some negitives.1. can get repetitive after a while of play.This is a solid game to add into your library"
,Recommended,270150,13189169,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Blackbeard,Very fun for a comic-graphical-top-down-view-game. I'm a realism-type-o-guy and from time to time enjoy a Fun game. A must have for a warfighter!
,Recommended,270150,13218428,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Refolo,"This is one of the most interesting games I have ever played. You start and you get your a** handed to you on a platter by the AI. Then you get better, slowly building up your skill until finally you are able to go on stealth missions against them. Then after all your training, when you embark on your first stealth mission, you will probably get your a** handed to you on a platter before driving 10 feet. And yet you come back and love every second of it.Pros:ReplayabilityGreat online (6-20 people on depending on day)Fun leveling system and Support system.Cons:Needs some more variety, but this is early access and the devs are very active.It is worth the money."
76561198061006342,Recommended,270150,13151596,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Figgy,"Great game that I see myself playing for a long time, of the five battles and 2 campaigns I have already played they were all different and very fun, this isn't an arcade game, ai is brilliant and you have the same amount of health as them. On hard and less hard difficulty it is really fun because that gives a challenge, but if you find it too hard you can always costomize the ai/team accuracy to give yourself some help. The ability to have your friends join you halfway through a campaign is really cool aswell. The ai will also have post battle conversations that are quite amusing. Overall this game is one of my favorites and I am exited to see what they have to introduce in the full release. While only being early access I would have willingly paid three times the current price, which is really cheap($15). Don't let reviews sell it for you though, try out the demo and see how it is."
,Recommended,270150,13152555,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,alexgmcm,"It's like the old 'Army Men' games except with beautiful cel-shaded style and far more enemies and an amazing multiplayer mode and wonderful community.The developer is very active and joins games - this isn't a game likely to be abandoned.It's far more polished than some of the released games I've seen let alone Early Access and I think the developer intends to release it in a month or so.Although the servers have always had 12-25 players when I've played I noticed some people complained it could be quiet, but I think the community has grown with the sales so those complaints aren't really valid anymore and no doubt will grow even further upon launch. When the only complaint about the game you see is that it could have more people playing it, you realise it's an awesome game.tl;dr - buy it, it's awesome. And it works on Linux, even on my hopeless laptop! :D"
,Recommended,270150,12867105,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,jaYsun,gr8 game would r8 8/8 - 8nogame like it
,Recommended,270150,12867960,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Magikos,Lots of good gun shooting fun!  Me and my friends love it.
76561197966846938,Recommended,270150,12878716,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,PhiR,"Awesome game, lots of fun!"
,Recommended,270150,13136156,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,NoxV ' g00ber,"Well heres my storu from the 3.4 hours ive player...Got on a server not knowing what the hell i was doing. Walking into a town that had all the players and AI in it fighting for control of a point. A while passed and i still hadnt gotten a kill, i walked by a Minigun.... The game changed for me.67 kills later I had gained the rank of corpral and got new weapons to kill.10/10 will keep playing with the minigun"
,Recommended,270150,12380521,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,VV√ Alex Rogue,"Very awesome game, both single and multiplayer are fun. Multiplayer might be a bit hard, but if you help your team its really fun!"
,Recommended,270150,15220246,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Miterk,Arma 3 losser this indie game is alot more mother♥♥♥♥ing fun!
,Recommended,270150,15220607,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Toby [BGP],"I would def recommend this game, it has alot going for it. I been waiting for a game that shared the area style view point from above yet was a mmorpg shooter with pvp. but this game still does have its flause, being it doesnt get the attention it deserves. It lacks content, needs more guns, maps, game modes and little better optimization, but interms of a game I think it has vast potential and would say to buy it if your looking for that type of shooter since their arent that many."
76561198062748754,Recommended,270150,15224129,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Obsidian Wolf,Game is a load of fun! Def. Recommend.
76561197960854476,Recommended,270150,15224266,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Frenchiie,"I recommend this game anytime anyday, so nice, just has to use common sense knowledge and be aware oof the maps and bam thats it, if u get friends in it with you itll be even more awesome from the fact ull be able to flank and do some real good♥♥♥♥♥♥actions on pvp.Btw atm after 2 days of release u got like 2 64 players servers on pvp that are almost everytime full, one euro and one on american TZ and like 8+ pve that are full too, this game is really a lot of fun, but really the pvp is a class on its own"
76561198005846565,Recommended,270150,15225048,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Achtbar,Game is ♥♥♥♥ing sweet
76561198025982750,Recommended,270150,15226967,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TankZeez,"Running With Rifles is a game that makes you feel somewhat... insignificant on the battlefield. But in a good way. Most games have you as the hero who single handendly kills all the enemies all the while shrugging off bullets, but in this game you are an ordinary soldier who can die just as quick as your teammates and enemies if you are not careful. 1 bullet can kill you. That is what I like about this game, along with the huge battles. This game, in my opinion, is so much fun. I will describe my first quick match to you:I created a quick game and put the amount of soldiers in the game at once at 800. Intense battles were everywhere. Death was mere seconds away. I died a lot. After using the rifle for awhile, I picked up a heavy machine gun and just started mowing down the enemies. After awhile I realized the firefight I was in was unwinnable for either side. I picked up a sniper and started sneaking behind enemy lines. I crept up on some enemies who were running towards the front lines. I climbed up on a building, then I sniped one. Then his buddies said ""Sniper nearby."" I was like ""is no one going to come get the sniper?"" Then my question was answered pretty quickly when 30 plus soldiers started surrounding me. I was picking them off as they climbed the ladder, but they were starting to get up on the roof with me. I called in a 3 round artillery burst on my own position. I oblierated myself along with most of the enemies trying to kill me.10/10 would call in an artillery strike on myself to kill 30 soldiers to become a war hero againThank you Devs for this awesome game :)"
76561198019072812,Recommended,270150,15227391,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SGrose,"Tremendously fun game, I am hopelessly addicted to it.The first hour or so is pretty rough as there really isn't much in the way of tutorial except going onto the wiki (Do it, it helps immensely with understanding mechanics and such) but once you get into it no other game can really match it's awesome scaleThe whole premise is that you are just one soldier in a massive army trying to conquer various battlefields one outpost at a time, not some super black ops soldier who carries 30 weapons and is nearly bulletproof.  You will die...a lot...The gunplay is reasonably complex without being a flood of stats and stuff, and there is good variety in weapons and vehicles, the three factions don't have cookie-cutter weapons with different names, they all have different stats.It can be a bit frustrating at times when you get killed offscreen or your NPC buddies just run straight at that grenade you threw and it punishes you for it, but for the most part it isn't a big deal considering if you die, you're back in the grinder within secondsRegarding respawns, it is a little annoying how you never know how far away you'll be spawned, so you could be fighting for control of an outpost, get shot, and respawn 3 minutes from any conflict without a jeep or anything to speed you along.Sometimes the top-down view is a bit deceiving to the eye as to what you can shoot at, but it's mostly easy to learnIf I had to change some things, I would make it so your loadout is kept between lives, it kind of sucks to buy armor and other stuff, and after you die to just get spat out with only a rifle,medkit and one grenade, just allow us to keep the same loadout, subtracting RP each time.  Also I would either make rare weapons REALLY rare, like 1 in 10000 chance of dropping, but be useable by your character forever, or make them less rare and keep them one time usage, because that kind of sucks to see a fancy rare weapon, equip it, and get shot and lose itIn an interesting twist, after you conquer the battlefield any surviving soldiers from the other faction will surrender, and you can choose to either leave them alone or kill them all, which is crazy.  Either way you have to make your way across the battlefield to an extraction zone which will take you to a new battle, and as you travel you get to see the aftermath, smoking wreckages of tanks and cars, bloody streets and bodies and weapons strewn about.Also, battles last a while, so get comfortable"
76561198067416378,Recommended,270150,15243350,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sniperclub01,"Damn fun.Fast♥♥♥♥♥download for a large gameBest AI I've ever saw.Amazing fun, especially with friends.11/10Would play again."
,Recommended,270150,15190475,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MedievalSwagger,"My First ExperienceHoly crap this game is cool. I have only played for a little over an hour and only experienced a few features the game has to offer, but this game is amazing already and it keeps surprizing me.When I started my first campaign, I was spawned at a base as my own unique soldier with his own unique name amongst my other comrades. RIght off the bat the AI began to climb into vehicles, group together, and trek on to our objective which was to take over some district as our general radio'd in with instructions and warnings of where shots were being fired. I followed along on foot with the rest of my team and we found ourselves on a linear street with a brick wall on one side, and a bunch of buildings (tall and short) on the other side. On one end of the road was my team, and on the other was the Brown Pants. Those damn Brown Pants... We were caught in a fire fight for a good 15 minutes until finally my team took over the area and we moved on to a shopping district which featured close quarters combat in alleyways, and often the enemy team would position snipers on the rooftops.Just as things start to get nasty a local APC on my team drives in and starts launching explosive shells and shreds our enemy allowing us to push forward a bit. A few deaths of me and plenty of dead Brown Pants on the ground, we finally captured the shopping district.Finally with the last objective we had to make our way up a sandy hill to find a base/camp swarming with Brown Pants. They had the advantage at the top of the hill as we tried to slowly make our way up it, using small rocks as cover. After pounds of blood later we finally won that battle too.I think it was like <1,300 casualties to take that Island, pretty good I think for my first run. Now we move on the the next island...Review of GameplayThis game features amazing gameplay and really good AI at the large majority of times playing this game. Enemies react to fire and find cover, and they use it well too. You can pick enemies off as they're distracted with your other teammates, or shoot them from the rooftops as they try to move from cover to cover.And more than once did I find myself being blown away by their grenades as my focus was way down the street firing on the enemy, instead of watching my own behind.As you go through the battle you rank up and the game will continuously respawn you in as a soldier with a relative rank. I've noticed the higher my rank the more squad members I can have, and I can easily tell them where to go by right-clicking.Only once did I notice my one squad mate have trouble path finding and following me, I simply left him behind and I think later I had another squad member join at some point and replace the last one.This game is a really great concept. By making you as ordinary and vulnerable as every other soldier on the field, it gives you a wonderful feeling when you do something significant for your team and help them progress.10/10Will play again and I can't wait for future updates and a chance to play this with some friends."
76561198069147438,Recommended,270150,15191329,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,BERKSHiREBoB,This game is awesome! I cant believe im having this much fun for under $15 bucks. Quit reading and start buying!
,Recommended,270150,15193151,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,johnny2k,Being murdered over and over has never been so much fun.
76561198081221957,Recommended,270150,15193178,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Pipolers,Great Game.
76561198136752633,Recommended,270150,15193827,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Deukalion,"Held up outside a building, enemy's got me pinned down. ♥♥♥♥♥es streaming in through the poplars, unload the full might of my arsenal - GG ♥♥♥♥♥♥z. Get like a 20 kill-streak, private first-class. Look over at Jimmy, my faithful sniper buddy. 'Boooooogalloooo' he  whispers.10/10. Only played 1.6hrs so far but it's awesome."
76561198007104570,Recommended,270150,15194058,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,CanadianMan,"Suprisingly awesome! The only complaint I have is they need to make more campaign maps, that would be interesting. Beyond that however, addicting game. Good time killer and alot of sandboxy feel to it."
,Recommended,270150,15194575,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Firehawk,"Simple to play Top-Down Isometric Shooter, that is deceptivly deep gameplay-wise.Premise is like all battlefields, kill ppl (pvp) or AI (pve) and cap points.Graphics are nice, cell shaded, models and maps look fantastic, effects are solid.All around a great fun little game, great to play pvp, or solo vs computer. Lots to do in matches, seriously think top-down BF2 and your right on. Great deal for the price."
,Recommended,270150,15195181,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,cjman93,"Ah, the game Cannon Fodder 2 should have been.I've never had so much fun Running With Rifles."
76561198096328669,Recommended,270150,15196106,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Eon Shatterblast,this game could go far!!! just needs more content :P keep it up
,Recommended,270150,15196609,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Swindlestein,"I love this game. It's not something you spend weeks playing, breaking for nothing other than the bathroom or food, but it's a blast to pick up and spend a few hours on. When I found this game, I wanted a game where I wasn't the super End-all hero to save the universe from the aliens who eat skulls with their toenails. And I found exactly that, I've had moments where I wander through the jungle for 15 minutes, asking myself ""what is my objective? eh, I'll find something."" and stumbling on a huge firefight. promptly after stumbling upon said firefight, I get shot.420/69 would get rekt again."
,Recommended,270150,15196741,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Leb,"It's top-down nature and cutesy graphics give you an aura of simplicity. but RwR delivers in providing deep tactical gameplay with opportunities to go Rambo if you so choose.Fighting through huge urban engagements, trench wars, vehicular warfare, going mad on an LMG/MG.RwR is well worth its buy in price and can easily be enjoyed in the sandbox single player mode, with friends doing the sandbox mode in coop, or in a server in PvE or PvP.The AI puts up a good challenge and behaves realistically, trying to flank your position, retreating behind cover when surpressed with MG fire, and bringing in further waves of reinforcements in areas under attack.The game also has seen mods in the early access period bringing you from laser blasters, modern warfare, and to WW1 and I'm sure those will be carried on going forth.Highly recommend."
76561198093771530,Recommended,270150,15196927,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mr. Badass,This game made me remeber GTA-China Town.
,Recommended,270150,15197984,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,n7caballero,"This is an addictive game, I never write reviews but had to give this game a postive one! I can't stop playing it!"
,Recommended,270150,15198347,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,MIKA,"This is easily one of the most entertaining games to play. It's a very well polished top-down shooter with the feel of being the average solider in a giant field of battle. It does not give you that feel of invincibility as you can be shot and killed very easily, but the game is incredibly fun to play, solo or with your friends.Must play!"
76561197963898314,Recommended,270150,15198396,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Bororm,"Pretty cool game in desperate need of an ignore option, to stop spammers."
76561197960332941,Recommended,270150,15202800,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,RangerWolf,"RUNNING WITH RIFLEs (RwR) is a quick-paced, tactical, isometric action game that closely follows the path of Sensibles Software's 1993 release ""Cannon Fodder"". With a large collection of weapons and equipment the player engages in challenging combat between three rivalingf actions.Despite its easy appearance, the game is a challenging mix between strategy and action and allows for cooperative multiplayer gamepla. Definately worth the money!"
76561198131536846,Recommended,270150,15196288,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,poonslayerLMAOxD,Great game if you like killing surrendering prisoners and if you also like little midget soldiers running arounding assaulting places like it is D-Day.10/10 would buy again <3<3<3<3
,Recommended,270150,15257447,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DoZe,"At first 5mins online I was blown up by a granades more times than Batllefield, CS and COD combined together. #GreatSuccess11/10"
,Recommended,270150,15257706,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[OG]Wulf,"If you like the idea of having wild style shoot outs on a massive multiplayer battle field against more soldiers then you expected to battle for a small town, then this is for you.The fire fights that can erupt in this game are insane, and you will find yourself pinned behind a sandbag waiting and begging for the damned APC to turn up more then once.That said, it never stops being mad fun.Bought this game in it's early access and have never regretted it. I would highly recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,270150,15258935,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Devilncarnate,First time playing. Made freinds with random people in same jeep as me. We got blown up. 10/10 would lose my freinds again
,Recommended,270150,15215213,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dave Thornton,VERY entertaining 9/10 definitely worth the buy
76561198115065737,Recommended,270150,15219344,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BLITZ,this is a must get game!!!!
76561198074371706,Recommended,270150,15204162,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Samurai,"10/10 bought this game last night, and I cannot say anything bad about it.Want to kill somone and steal their weapon to kill their own kind with? Just do it!Want to take that tank and run over people with it? Just do it!"
76561197962397576,Recommended,270150,15182530,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Tony Yorkshire,Brilliant:)
,Recommended,270150,15182531,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GRiMMJOW,Better than Battlefield with a surprisingly high depth.
76561198030065724,Recommended,270150,15182848,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Faost !?,Spontaneous Purchase and ooooh boy is this game fun! And Addicting! Green FTW!
76561198135462418,Recommended,270150,15186573,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TimoJr,Really great GAME.I LOVE IT
,Recommended,270150,15523667,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,｢Brute-M｣,"One of the best games that I ever played! I'll explain the basics. when the game starts, you'll start of as a private. in order to rank up you'll need XP or Experience Points. in order to get XP you'll need to eliminate enemies as much as you can, hopefully depending on your top down shooting skills you should earn a promotion which then allows you to have your own squad, getting a promotion also allows you to call air strikes and other supports.Another similar thing to XP is called RP or ""Resource Points. RP are points you receive during the game while completing different tasks. Those RP can be used to buy different equipments at an armory or to use different radio calls. you can earn RP by:+capturing a base+spotting an enemy vehicle+selling valuables at an armory. Those are dropped with different commonness from the enemy +soldiers and have also different values+selling rare weapons (those can either be used or sold). Those are either dropped by mini-bosses or +found in special crates (metallic boxes)+destroying enemy vehicles.+destroying mission targets such as comms truck, radar tower, prisoner bus, radio jamming tower, water tower, fuel tanks, mortars, ammunition crates, anti-air emplacement results in a good RP reward+Stealing the cargo truck of the enemy team and bringing it back to one of your armories+being promoted to a higher military rankAnyway, moving on. there's also a range gamemodes you can choose. From Quickmatch to campaign, From playing SP to MP. quite good isn't it?Overall: 9.5 / 10 (It can get a bit boring sometimes lol)PS: There are mods out there that is being developed for this game!"
,Recommended,270150,11002265,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Two-Ten,"I think this game is simple, yet really awesome. Even though it's still early access and not that much people play it (yet), it's really fun to play. There's vehicles to drive, quite some different guns to fight with, a couple of different factions to fight and stuff to find and sell to buy new guns and other weapons. I just really love the simplicity of this game. It's very addicting."
76561198120787862,Recommended,270150,11169010,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Zach,Very fun.... Its like playing with little army men just like you were a kid... Fun with friends.... Good price for what you are getting.... Get it 9/10
,Recommended,270150,11285075,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,rag3quit,"Awesome game!Just watch trailer and play demo, and you will receive highest emotions from playing process!This is cooler than battlefield!"
,Recommended,270150,11182082,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Cap'n Barry,"One of the most entertaining games I've ever played. I really, really like it. It's like a perfect mixture between simplicity and complexity, between run-and-gun and tactical management. It really feels great to accomplish the small things in hte game, like conquering a territory, which can take you a lot of time (and a lot of lives), but when you finally rise your flag (metaphorically) over that hill, man, it's awesome. I strongly recommend this game to anyone regardless of genre preference, try it, maggots!Also OMG GRENADE!"
76561198037437467,Recommended,270150,11278180,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,UrineJoeGarin,Good game
76561198064627308,Recommended,270150,11154587,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Knuckles,"Really fun tp [iock up and play for 5 minutes...or a few hours. Single player is open-world and you basically do what you want. Jack a tank, go on a shooting spree until someone rockets you, then you press space and jump into another soldier and start all over. Great experience/progression system allows you to build your soldier as you gain experience in the game. Multi-player is a BLAST! Comedy ensues most of the time in the public servers. Really fun game. Buy it!"
76561198057938381,Recommended,270150,12906966,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sgt. Major Pusillanimous Kiwi VC,"Please, Please, PLEASE, before you post that you ""wasted your money"" and its ""not what you expected"" play the demo, thats why we have them"
76561198079304181,Recommended,270150,11495863,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Blossom,"In this game, you die extremely fast, so it really gives you a new meaning on GET BEHIND F*CKING COVER! Also, grenades OP. Super fun, with tons of small people on the screen shooting you and shooting people that shoot you, and tanks, APCs, and jeeps. Nobody can actually drive these vehicles with any sort of skill, so be careful or you will get run over by your own team. The aiming is really annoying, but you just need to throw sprays of bullets at people and usually 1/5 will hit them. 9/10, would run over teammates to play."
,Recommended,270150,11671424,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Ike Michaelberg,"Running With Rifles is an well made game. After playing with the custom settings I found a solid balance that allowed me to enjoy the game while providing enough of a challenge. I also had to alter the input commands as some commands are used during the game much less than others, but after making the adjustments the game felt ok. This is tactical shooter though. Lone Wolf tactics don't work as objectives seem better accomplished with a full force. There also seems to be some AI programming that is needed. With this being Early Access I am sure the development team is working hard to make those improvements. Outside of the AI \the game is pretty good. Also there should be some overall cost to unit production as the infinite unit production leads to tedious stalemates."
,Recommended,270150,11487375,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,KTR-19 Shotgun Surgeon,This Game is a little Gem! I would recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,270150,11487805,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Beastie,"OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSH this game is amazing truly it is, very swift and fast combat. This game is quite the thing to awe and behold. Combat feels good when you know what you're doing and feels great to get a kill streak going it truly is, things it needs is a tutorial on how to play, that'd make things alot less confusing"
76561198013704433,Recommended,270150,11556886,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,cCain,"this game is worthy, and a definate keeper,  ... so stop gawking at this page, and go get it, writing this review is holding me up from blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up .. :)"
76561198006683411,Recommended,270150,11972958,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,The Tikki Man,"RUNNING WITH RIFLES has a pretty bright future ahead of it. It has blown me away because of its potential that it has just for a early accsee game. The only thing i have to complain about is the amount guns in the game. If the developers add a few more guns in RWG, it will make the experience of the game that much better while playing the game. Finally, what I hope they add in the game is to make it mod friendly. I'm a total mod freak and when I see a game like this, It has so much potential. I have been waiting to see a game like this for a long time and I can't wait to see it finished."
,Recommended,270150,9970310,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Floki,"This game is amazing. I strongly recomendate it to players who like indie games and war. It has many feature that you can not find in other video games, and the best of them is the fact that you are not a super soldier. You are just a normal private that at the start is more like a meat shield. Many servers and the online comunity is great, the game is really enjoing to play and it's a but adictive.Sorry if my english is bad, i am french."
76561198083741254,Recommended,270150,30364473,Posted: 6 March,all,Devil Cat,"If you wanna play COD13 or BF1 but your PC is about to collapse, this is a good choice.[smirk]"
,Recommended,270150,12979010,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Solarbeard,"This is like Cannon Fodder. With multiplayer! So, awesome, on so many levels. And if you dont know what Cannon Fodder is, then you're not old enough to play hyperrealistic wargame like this."
,Recommended,270150,13244538,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mister D.,"Simple and nice graphics, very good game. I really enjoy how you can rank up and command more and what not"
76561198079990979,Recommended,270150,13278477,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jcw032,"First time playing...Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥how the hell do I pick up this gun? Why can't I use it? oh crap! dead...Oh man let me change these keyboard controls. (forgets to pause game) Much better! dead...Later...Alright, almost took the next checkpoint! (10 enemy approach fast at 9 o'clock) WTF where did they come from!!! Dead...(Enemy flanked your last checkpoint) damn... dead...Tactical regroup, push enemy flank back. Get promosted to PFC. Suppress the enemy with SAW, ""AWWWWWW Yeaaaaaaaaaa!!! Don't even know how hard I'll rain on ya F#k@@@@@@@$$$$$$$!!!"" (enemy Airborn troops close in on position, can't reload and turn fast enough to shoot) dead...While this might sound frustration, it's actually a ton of fun! The direction of the game can turn anytime, and your enemies will try to flank you at every oportunity. So while you begin the game trying to simply 'run with your rifle', you'll find that a gradual approach to taking territory is more beneficial in the long run. I can't recomentd this game enough, especially since it's still in development. For an indie, 10/10."
,Recommended,270150,14716811,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,GameBoyz,"Such a great game!!! Love that it's like glorified army men. Spent 7hrs and 12,000 casualties total just on the first map of the campaign and went from private with no squade or gear to a Lieutenant leading a team of 8 men into battle...still with no gear. Can't wait to see what the relesed product looks like with more updates. (would be great if they actualy added a blue faction, Bluecoats? and also more vehicls {land, air,  and sea})"
,Recommended,270150,13051592,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Creature,"This game is great, or would be great if there were any players. What we need is advertising. If people see this game on the steam storefront we can finally get some more fun, rather than sitting around in empty servers that have a 64 player max. So, Great game, but nobody plays it as of yet."
76561197992005598,Recommended,270150,14699845,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zekes,"Definetly needs work, but i see the potential.. I havent played the game very long but from what ive seen i give RWR 7/10."
,Recommended,270150,14818467,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,markham122,"Spectuacular. Great graphics (Beware though, I have 16GB of ram and it came close to using it all with a few other programmes in the back ground), and beautiful sounds. Not something you associate with a top down shooter. But seriously, more intense than the early CoDs. You can jump in a tank, a jeep, an APC, a speed boat, a gun boat and any other veichal they have. You can call in reinforcements, airstrikes, and even request other AI to help attack. You watch game play and you might be skeptical, like I was, but you play the game... wow. Like paying £10.99 for the Mona Lisa."
,Recommended,270150,14633635,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Pitcheyh,"Excellent game,pssst if you press tab when you die you can respawn at the yellow diamonds!"
,Recommended,270150,14686809,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Vampwood,"This game is a LOT of fun, simple, easy to get into, modding potential thats easy to learn. Strongly recommend this."
76561197970362184,Recommended,270150,14732014,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BLDalton85,Simply stellar.  Think cannon fodder meets battlefield project reality mod in isometric view.
76561198071434888,Recommended,270150,14801927,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DaBikeGuy,"Running with Rifles is a deceptive game before you have played it, and simply charming once you have. It looks a lot like many top down shooters, but rest assued it is not. Although still in it's beta stage Running with Rifles (RWR henceforth) offers a level of tactical depth and teamwork found in many modern tactical fps games and adds tanks, apc's, trucks, jeeps, and a vast array of infantry weapons. It is anything but a run and gun game though, unlike many modern fps games, RWR tries to replicate the scale of a full on battle, and running into ""no mans land"" in the middle of a firefight is sure to get you killed....that or the incomming mortar shells. In conclusion RWR is a fun and addictive tactical wargame, with rts, fps tactical, and moba elements which combine to make a very promising beta. The only negative at this stage I can comment on is more of a feature I would like to see, that being destructable terrain, that aside I give RWR a 9/10."
,Recommended,270150,14794452,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,youtub,I funded the entire war effort by selling dropped enemy guns back to my own faction.10/10
76561198040078536,Recommended,270150,14800920,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Corgli,A combination of AI and player combat leading to battles of immense scope. If only more games did warfare this way.
,Recommended,270150,14612747,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,0lak,Can't stop.
76561197970567609,Recommended,270150,14605075,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,keninja,"Indie Game of the Year! Loads of fun and an especially awesome good time with 3D vision--which somehow works way better than a certain 73 million dollar crowd funded game I know. I'm looking at you Star Citizen; yes, you!"
,Recommended,270150,14605263,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,XCamr,"Simple, yet a heck of a lot of fun.  This game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,270150,14230492,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Iraq Lobster,One of the best game I've ever played! 10/10!
,Recommended,270150,14118901,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Thunder Child,For such a simple game it feels very engaging.  The only downside is that once you complete the campaign it doesn't really have much replayablity.
76561198029229064,Recommended,270150,13679854,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,h266647,"i love this game, but i am going to list the bad points first,-the AI is somtimes realy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but only somtimes like on the battles with lots of water in, some of them will jump in, and then just swim around for a bit until somthing kills them-vehicles with guns on them are rare-it takes a bit too much to run someone over-there is somtimes no good way to break a stalematethey were all of the bad things about the game, i am not going to go into to much deatail about the good things, otherwise it would be a waste of both our time-easy kill easy die-its realistic, you have the same health as every one else, so dont expect to be a hero, you have to use tactics, not regenative health.-the ranking system is optinal on quick match, kind of, if you like it or not.-multiplayer is good, i've heard (i have no friends to play it with :'()-i have to go spend my life on this ga..."
76561197987418739,Recommended,270150,13450919,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Coverchrg,"This is an easy one to recommend. I say it's like Battlefield with toy soldiers. There's real world tactics happening in this game: stealth, supression fire, cover. It's quickly addictive because of how fun this game is. Only thing I wish was different is that the brown team be referred to as the ""Brown Coats"" instead of ""Brown Pants"". Kill all greens!"
76561198035704980,Recommended,270150,13317059,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rundown,It's neat to see supression and stealth in this sort of game. Very addicting.
,Recommended,270150,14876577,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Bard,"Great game. Captures the feeling of a massive war very well. Needs a community, so buy! These devs care about you, and these are the type of developers we should be supporting with early access. Great game. Great dev support. Pick it up."
76561198041145962,Recommended,270150,14549655,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Stryker_Ben,"So addicting, that I played this game for about 12 hours, continuously. For one of the levels, it was insanely difficult, with myself being vastly outnumbered. Indeed, it felt like for every 6 enemies I killed, there was another dozen to take their place. This level took me the better part of three hours, and I didn't even think about quitting, not once. That's how addicting and awesome this game was. Honestly, I'm really looking forward to the fully released game, the Early Access version is already quite awesome as it is. I sent a copy to my bro, and I'm sure I'll enjoy the multiplayer as well!"
76561198075442603,Recommended,270150,14552994,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,LoyaltyCracked,"This game is the best early access game i have ever played so much action so many peaple.When u play by your self on quick game its like real war there are battles going on off screen.U can have 10 peaple in your squad and send them behind enemy lines,just so cool."
,Recommended,270150,14348897,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ATRAX1709,This is the best birds-eye-view shooters game ever. I love the conpect of the game and how difficult it is.
,Recommended,270150,14372887,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sewerheavy,"If you've ever played with toy soldiers, this game is exactly that."
,Recommended,270150,14098945,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Faction,"Awesome little game, easy to pick up, but still difficult enough to keep you going back for more.Would highly recommend this 9/10.I feel the only thing missing is achievements, that in my opinion would cap he whole game of very nicely."
76561198007580622,Recommended,270150,14113720,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,GfP_Tigres,top notch
76561198059569608,Recommended,270150,13729485,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Crown Royal,Game is awesome 10/10 .
76561198055966238,Recommended,270150,13703082,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,-Thomson-,Game is fun at this point verry buggy tho
76561198068421530,Recommended,270150,10209929,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Auvsexvc,i love it!
,Recommended,270150,13290598,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Ming Ming,Awesome gameplay with simple and easy server hosting to play with your friends!! this is a game that requires some skill to play but in the end it gets very addicting!! I guarantee you if your in to battlefield and other shooting games this is the game for you
76561198054268679,Recommended,270150,14105584,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,RuSH,"played game.ran into group of bad guys.was like ""EAT LEAD""!I died.then i did it again.11/10 would eat my own LEAD again."
19833754942098024,Recommended,270150,15202311,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,YOU GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING,"Started game up, started a singleplayer match. Got a sniper soon after leveling up, killed alot of baddies, got multi kills, our position was being overun, retreated. Got killed by a rocket-launcher enemy.10/10 would get panzershreckt again"
76561198144175905,Recommended,270150,30631696,Posted: 20 March,all,KicherKeks,"Running with Rifles is a fantastic cooperative multiplayer experience in top down perspective.I thoroughly enjoy the concept and idea of the game, its objectives and playability.The community is small but great and even the developer is an active member of the community.Furthermore the game is still developed, that means problems are fixed and new content is published for free.There is a free demo, to test before buy.What else can you wish from a game?There are a few minor things I miss, like more high XP endgame content/perks and there are two technical annoyances.But all in all fantastic game.Join the fun!"
,Recommended,270150,30636806,Posted: 20 March,all,De Omnibus,Fun with guns!
,Not Recommended,270150,15208453,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Count_Zero [DK],"Running with Rifles is probably one of the most stupid games I have EVER tried. Not only is the AI ridiculously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the enemy AI can snipe you across vast distances with shotguns, and since it's a top-down shooter, you have absolutely no chance in hell to neither see it coming, nor to do anything about it. Put being spawncamped by tanks, friendly vehicles driving you over while they are driving in circles and an AI team that is absolutely worthles on top of that, and you have the biggest waste of money you can use on Steam. How it has managed to get so many positive reviews is beyond me."
,Recommended,270150,22083449,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sullivas,All top down shooters besides this are now obsolete.g8 m8 I r8 8/8 no h8
76561198148703364,Recommended,270150,30815813,Posted: 29 March,all,march,"I love the game but there is some kind of problem with it. Before I bought the game I had a demo of it, and the achivements dont seem to be working now. Any idea on how to fix this?"
76561198050793998,Recommended,270150,23021656,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Vesniczan,Very nice game.
,Recommended,270150,20177228,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MULTI,"to bored to play it, but it looks good"
76561197985599207,Recommended,270150,15670419,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Canisgendered Translabradog,"Definitely a must, and here's why...Glorious North Korean music that will cheer you up every time you play it.Chaotic battles that will keep you struggling for hours.An awesome open world atmosphere which will leave you feeling tiny & insignificant.A tough (but rewarding) ranking system which gets better as you handle the top-down gameplay.A very realistic game in spite of its benign appearance, you'll drop faster than a fly in the heat of battle.This is a much welcome addition to online wargaming.I strongly recommend playing it if you've never been on a top-down game before.It triumphs both as a military RPG and a top-down game.Battlefield, COD, League of Legends (etc.) can all go suck an egg!20/20- Frakkr Seal of Approval."
76561198150490417,Recommended,270150,15682106,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Oscar the Grouch,"This game is one I picked up today for a steady and fair price of $15 USD. It was worth every cent. This game manages to incorporate a fun campaign with an excellent combat system. You couldn't just sprint out of cover and kill eight guys, you would have to be strategic. It has a good cover system and encourages you to use it as it increases your chance of life. Its multiplayer is solid and the overall game doesn't have many bugs. It is easy to run and is a fun replayable game that I would strongly reccommend purchasing. I r8 8/8 m8."
76561198146973975,Recommended,270150,15584600,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Micmac2607,"There is nothig in this game not to love!!!The art is amazingGameplay is greatservers can be a bit laggy at times but multiplayer is awesome funand some of the achievments are hilariousOver all... an awesome game!One Problem, I need more friends who play this game XD"
76561197965946399,Recommended,270150,15703228,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Firth,Highly recommended!
76561198101801410,Recommended,270150,15706781,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Marshyy,When will Mods release?
76561198132247004,Recommended,270150,15807559,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ben,Picked up a mlg flashbang gun 10/10
76561198107100629,Recommended,270150,15807621,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,mccombs2189,One of the best games i've ever played :)
,Recommended,270150,15815060,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Zardoz1,Single player can become a bit of a chore when you have to run three kilometers every time you die. But it's still fun. I'm looking forward to exploring multiplayer a bit more when I have time. It reminds me of a top down Bf2.
,Recommended,270150,15484413,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,tastee wheat,"Excellent, simple, light-hearted fun. I hope to see more content keep coming!"
,Recommended,270150,15395204,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,daggertx,"Good fun game, easy to get into, but has more depth than you realize."
76561197987722670,Recommended,270150,15395250,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Owen Morlun,Having lots of fun with this game. It's simplicity makes it stand out as a great game.
,Recommended,270150,15396650,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,oinotna,"this game is really fun and straight forward.it appears to be an arcade kind of game, but if you don't play it smart you won't make any progress at all.you'll be playing the same map for hours.so think out of the box, flank the enemy, be stealthy and be a good team player.you ain't no rambo, you ain't no chuck norris either, son!you are just one soldier fighting against the people who wears clothes with different colours than yours.there's lots of guns, veichles and ways to kill and die here.the fun is garantee in both singleplayer and multiplayer.the only suggestion i'd make would be about creating more game modes.but still, as it is, this is a very well done fast paced dynamic ""little"" game.i'm surprised that it doesn't have more attention.it's an award winning game, for sure!that's it."
,Recommended,270150,15466311,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,stikfigz,Called artillery barrage on a position that my team immediently pushed into. Lost game because I killed entire team.8/10 Needs ability to have more than 800 soldiers in one match.
,Recommended,270150,15495619,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ilgoth,"The game is great!Simple, sleek and no bad glitches or bugs. Solid publish! Gameplay is as simple as gameplay can get, but yet, challenging and fun. I got addicted to this game and for sure gonna play it a lot! A really, positive surprise from small indie publisher.Easy to learn, but hard to master. Good old saying and applies here. To see how game looks and sounds, check out the video in this review and pay attention how simple it really is.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cmkzqsFs4s&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,270150,27013233,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,`•20th —CeNt▼Ry —d☻g,Highly recommended!An awesome tactical war game that will get you playing for hours. It's pretty cool.
,Recommended,270150,26981038,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GlipGlopsツ,"Really slick little team-based, top-down sandbox shooter. Modding community could use some help, I would encourage users to download the demo and try it out. There are currently a few online servers to play on, which can be pretty fun. Try it out, download the demo!"
,Recommended,270150,26808554,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lil Smurf ◕,the very best game ever!!!!!
76561198284612655,Recommended,270150,26911697,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,camelmocha107,It's pretty freakin awesome.
,Recommended,270150,26821738,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tato,"Completely worth it if you like large scale combat and dislike being the ""Chosen one""When you start, you are kicked into a huge map with a rifle, a grenade and little information, you will die a lot, but dont worry! Soon you'll be commanding a unit with 10 men, or running sabotage missions solo with your camouflage and C4, or maybe raising hell with your tank squad, why not?Features i really liked:Mods! While the workshop is still small, there are already some great mods showcasing the potential of it, also, modmaking is not hard at all. Mods are a great thing because they can refresh the game experience and keep you hooked.Intelligent AI, i play on hard difficulty (Which would actually be ""Normal"" difficulty) and every soldier, teammate or enemy, feels quite humanlike, they really know what they're doing, the first time the AI called an airstrike on some ruins my teammates were holding i needed new pants.""Casual tactical"" (That's the best i could describe it) while it's not super hardcore tactical, it actually requires you to think, running and gunning like an idiot will 90% of the time get you killed without you killing anything.""Open"" map. Once you finish conquering a section of the map, you have to travel to the exit point of your chosing and you move into the next sector you chose, while it may sound as a small detail, it feels way better than ""exit to menu and load next map""3 Factions (Or even more with mods). Sometimes you enter a sector to find that there are two factions already fighting, 3-way free for all makes for some interesting combats.Slow progression, you wont fire two shots and become a lieutenant, it actually takes timeUnlocks. to unlock things from the armory you can: Pick up enemy weapons and once you sell 5 they're unlocked, steal cargo trucks and deliver them to the armory, or my personal favorite: Finding a briefcase dropped from a killed enemy and delivering it to the armory (Watch out, they're rare!)And if that didnt convince you, there's a free demo, so what are you waiting for? Give it a try!"
,Recommended,270150,26885330,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seishi,Most underrated game i have ever played.
76561198035450493,Recommended,270150,26647110,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JII,I simply love this game. You don't need words get out there soldier!
76561198201240143,Recommended,270150,26739281,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Gefreiter RT,I love it
76561198032119654,Recommended,270150,26907722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DankNinjaSwag,"Tons of fun playing co-op, finding other players online is pretty rare though."
,Recommended,270150,26882128,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Turbosipuli,You die and you cry.Solid 6/7.
,Recommended,270150,26802062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ch4k4n,"This is a fantastic game. Spiritual succesor of the original battlefield but even more cooperative, top-down, and crazy-fun."
,Recommended,270150,27876511,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Warlordwest,It just keeps getting better :)
,Recommended,270150,27563261,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheDukeBoris,"Excellent game, perfect for passing your spare time, relax or even compete"
76561197967580828,Recommended,270150,27586448,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dark Star,A lot of fun but you will die... a lot
76561198123846602,Recommended,270150,27549653,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,spectre,"RWR is a intresting idea with good results. In almost every FPS you can pretty much just takes shots for a while, while in RWR each weapon has it's own chance of kill, or one shot. For example a sniper rifle has around a 95% chance of kill, while a  LMG has around a 20% chance. Though the simplist way of explaining this is: it's top down Arma. Though you can takes cover behind something allowing you to not get killed in 3 seconds. Also every time you kill someone you get xp based on their rank and weather or not you knifed or shot them, and if you get enough xp you can rank up  and be able to get new weapons, as well as ghillie suits and bullentproof vests (which are VERY useful), equipment such as grenades and cover deploys, and the abilty to command a group of soldiers plus radio calls which include: calling in paratroopers, calling in motar strikes, calling in tanks airdrops (yes tanks), and more. Speaking of tanks you can drive tanks, APCs, humvees and more. All in all RWR is a great game that can be replayed over and over and still not fell boring."
,Recommended,270150,27825096,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,\MGM/\GW/KiwiTurtle,"A good top-down shooter, especially with friend"
76561197971092065,Recommended,270150,27999092,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,shawurai,"Can be frustrating at times when you're stuck on a map because the enemy keeps pushing you back. You also need to keep an eye on your RP so not to go spending too much early on on various support radio calls. Once you do get a squad it can also be irritating when that medic just doesn't rush to your aid like he should: ""Just ignore all those bullets and come save me!!""Yes, this game will be frustrating and irritating, but you'll just want to keep going to clear the map you're one and after that you'll want to do the next map really quickly (knowing you can be stuck on it for another couple of hours). The game is just that adictive and fun to keep you playing.Fortunatly most achievements can be taken witch just 1 campaign and the couple that are left will be easy to get if you adjust the difficulty level on your next plays."
,Recommended,270150,28130642,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,b0bhat,This game is rly fun
,Recommended,270150,28149804,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,☩ Zach ☩,Super fun.. i neglected this for awhile.. finnally gave it a chance and it sucked me right in.. awesome game.. awesome price
76561198068988176,Recommended,270150,28112856,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rawket_Dawg,Is like Cannon Fodder + Battlefield 2
76561198095357211,Recommended,270150,27313878,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Koning Pils,"Downloaded this game a few years ago, came back recently to play it.It's a really cool game dude, just, chinatown wars x battlefield.I love it!"
,Recommended,270150,27085415,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skadinyo,"One of the best war game. Remind me of battlefield. Dying is this game is suck, so don't die"
,Recommended,270150,27029537,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,.:TARDS:. unary,Why is this game not a thing? It is awesome.
,Recommended,270150,27260957,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KermitLeFrog,Great Game. Lots of teamwork. Love the level system. Good buy
,Recommended,270150,27261489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rebeltim7,Best and most fun from topside perspective shooter!
76561198078341120,Recommended,270150,27175699,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pondweed,Tough learning curve to start (remember to manually reload) but once you're hooked you're hooked
,Recommended,270150,25658385,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,My Dad Has High Colesterol,For 15$ this game is totally worth it.With a pretty good campaign;Fluid gameplay;Lots of fun and Humor;Online play;Really good mods;and a great support if you experience any problems.I have 50hours and still want to keep playingI totally recommend this game. 10/10
,Recommended,270150,27327673,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,paoloIIV,Best top down shooter you can get.if you want a game that offers allmost infinite replayability this is the game for you.And if you thought you seen all of the base game check out the workshop for wwii or wwi mods.
,Recommended,270150,27295814,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sasafras,Fantastic game.Great multiplayergood A.INice inventory managment .Just a really fun game if you enjoy slaughtering enemies
76561198047105563,Recommended,270150,27369605,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,maxam8,"Not graphically demanding, cheap affordable price, a community with players and has fun gameplay and mechanics.What are you waiting for!"
76561197961939881,Recommended,270150,30848742,Posted: 31 March,all,Vq.| gB,This game is awesome. Buy it. Add me and lets kill some mother f*ckers and ride a tank over the enemy while we explode buildings with c4.
76561198121032606,Recommended,270150,26713900,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Hummungus,Fantastic game. Mods areawsome aswell.
76561198197935481,Recommended,270150,26645166,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dan.Of.Dirty,"Lots of fun, good game to grab on sale. Only problems I have had is the AI's special ability to stab me when they vault over cover, and workshop mods are not showing up like people say they should. But vanilla is great on its own, can't wait to try the zombie mod for it."
,Recommended,270150,26645776,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Noahfp,Fun
,Recommended,270150,30910145,Posted: 2 April,all,✪Shoxie,This game is fun and enjoyableTheres multiplayer pvpEOD suits which are jugs in codAnd good mods alos moreTest the demo to see if its worth a buy
76561198160152406,Recommended,270150,25365823,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Avocado Sandwich,"Right off the bat this seems like a typical top-down dual-stick shooter ported for PC. But it's not. If you play it like that you will die, a lot, as I did. Sticking with it for a couple of hours reveals tactics, strategy, and hey- its pretty fun too. The game allows itself to be good an top-down shooter (Ok not  quite top-down but I'm unfamiliar with the eact term) but bear in mind- you are not the end-all be-all hero in this game, and any bullet can potentially one-hit kill you. Using over, crouching, going prone, being wary of your line of sight, and flanking allow you to squeeze out an edge on your opponent (difficulty setting dependant). The inventory system and rp (in-game currency) management are the tiniest bit confusing at first, as with commanding your newly formed squad as you rank up. But as with any good strategy game, practice pays off.Update: With continued playing, I've since discovered that the game is not rewarding mass quantitative achievements (for example, 1000kills or 200 deaths) despite my game stats being well above those numbers, don't know if this is a bug or something... all other achievements are coming along fine.Also, I've got a major complaint about the battle commander. I'm playing on a difficult custom setting, and on a map involving all three factions. My faction (Brownpants) conquers the center of the map and drives both to opposing corners. I got the Greycollars down to one base (Greenbelts had three on other end of map). Then the commander decides to attack the Greenbelts, taking away all my reinforcements and all chances of finishing off the Greycollars. Like the commander wants to fight on two fronts? Lost my foothold and my patience now I simply can't finish my halfway-beaten campaign.There are a couple very frustrating 'features' of this game, I can't wait for an update. Still fun though."
76561198107907449,Recommended,270150,26408927,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,CONFLUENCE,"an excellent tutorial on learning to graciously accept defeat.  if at first you dont succeed, try,try,try,try,try,try,try,try,try,try,try,try,try,.......!10/10 will try again!"
,Recommended,270150,26348661,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Maple,Great game especially if you love top down tactical shooters with lots of multiplayer. The single player campaign is also fun
76561197968401242,Recommended,270150,26967112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Feisty Cadaver,"Kill the enemy.  Kill time.  Really slick little team-based, top-down shooter for when you've got only a few minutes or several.  Fun times and more depth than it appears."
,Recommended,270150,25087598,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Eilibex,"Its pretty fun, but the friendly AI are a bunch of dumb ♥♥♥♥♥ that apparently have issues committing to anything."
76561198171248761,Recommended,270150,24890956,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ice_Mice,The game is very fun. Like the way the AI can actually win it for you. Just dont die alot.... or dont rage quit cause you die alot.... i mean alot.... like 5 second after respawn while running to battle.... but still worth the but and much fun.
76561197977927065,Recommended,270150,25221578,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Slinkie Da Donut,Top-Down Battlefield with a great modding community.Play if you like:Fast Top Down Shooters with a hint of tactical play.
,Recommended,270150,25156400,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,robbitthehobbit1,"so... thus far I have played this game for several hours on the campaign mode on normal difficulty and I have been fighting over the same objective for what feels like the last several hours. I like the concept of the game, but it feels like no matter what I do, I can't get anywhere. the game has stalled and I'm not having as much fun anymore. I'll update if things change or I figure out some other stuff."
76561198368513902,Recommended,270150,30845096,Posted: 30 March,all,ThatGuyThatHadIt,The only complaint I have is that the weapons don't have customization. But other then that this game is fantastic and I wish there were more like it.
,Recommended,270150,27546158,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tomato,One of those games that gets to you but is a nice casual top down shooter
,Recommended,270150,27960938,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dtale,still one of my absolute favorites.But we need more people out there playing!!a gem that flies under the radar of most gamers for to long!
76561198115052113,Recommended,270150,27980928,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MW,great game to playamazing gameplay and AIcompletely reccomend it
,Recommended,270150,27970023,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,YiN,"This was probably one of the most time consuming games I have ever played. Now, you'd think that's a bad thing, but in this case it's the exact opposite. This game is a blast, and all the DLC just furthers the playtime even more. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone."
76561198022148241,Recommended,270150,27788334,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moskito,"Gteat Fun, although simple mechanics, it's very tactical."
76561198005670194,Recommended,270150,27716658,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Plasmotroid,good game
,Recommended,270150,27523956,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TrekkerC,"Amazing Game, Fun to play in multiplayer and singleplayer, I love the varity that the game offers. The only downside is the grinding to get xp, But that is sometimes fun as well."
76561198285715950,Recommended,270150,27436754,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dewy,Never have i hugged cover so hard for hours just to capture a trench.
76561198014686984,Recommended,270150,27573043,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,01spearingw,"Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more...As sure as night turns to day, there will be blood, and no small amount will be your own! This isn't CoD, GoW, or any other battlefield game; you aren't special, you aren't a Terminator, you are no better than the person beside you, and that is why this game is so bloody fun!A quick rush to an unprepared position, protracted firefights across a town square, being cut down by the dozen as you try rush through an open field. I guarantee you learn the hard way that falling back is better than being stubborn, and waiting for back up is much cleverer than pretending to be Rambo.This game is an absolute steal at the price, even more so on sale, and both the solo and online games are worth a look!"
76561198068421322,Recommended,270150,27437612,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BOOM,A game with such potential. The only thing that is holding it back is the small community behind it.
,Recommended,270150,23688922,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,B i r d,Great tactical shooter. However the initial learning curve can be quite steep. The multiplayer is sparesly populated but the singleplayer is great so that's not a huge problem
,Recommended,270150,23676989,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Supreme Khan Ghengis I,"It's probably time I write a review for this thing. I've had it just about since it came out as early access. It's gone a long ways since then, although it has slowed down recently. Was promised zombie mode in 1.0, it's 1.3 and it seems like they got the modding community to do that with the addition of workshop compatibility.So, onto the game. You're an average soldier in some guy's war, you don't know what war, but it's a war. Kill enemies, be killed, a lot, like if you think you're going around being all super hero-y like in CoD or Battlefield then you're getting the wrong game. You're an average soldier and will die like one too. Progress through the ranks, buy yourself new weapons, armor, etc as you battle for control of bases in domination-style, large scale battles including vehicles. 3 factions: Green guys aka americans, Brown guys aka Russians, and Grey guys aka some western european army (basing this off of the vehicles and weapons they have). It's pretty fun. Takes a while to get through the campaign, quite a few stalemates where you actually have to stretegize. It may be out of early access but there are unlimited possibilities, can't wait to see what they do in future updates."
,Recommended,270150,23605264,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Green,Great game
,Recommended,270150,19176140,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,MasterGamer000,"I have now fixed the problem, so it is a great game."
76561198146420373,Recommended,270150,23590196,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[NNF] Daryl,great game!
76561198259290707,Recommended,270150,23686438,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,S-07,"Nice game , but when you play it for a long time , you will get broad"
,Recommended,270150,23485949,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dusk Eclipse,this game is a deceptivly simple realtime topdown shooter that is basicly toy soldiers come to life
76561198074563216,Recommended,270150,23183612,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,jw5743,"I just purchased this game a few days ago. Whoa. All I can say. At first glance it doesn't seem like much at all. Going into the game, running around in the tutorial phase, I thought ok, this will be a good low stress time killer. Nope. I was wrong. After getting the controls down, and playing some coop, I can honestly say this is the most fun I have had in a game in a very long while. At first it seems like you are just running amuck, But once you grasp the controls, and using the map and spawns, be prepared to be sucked in. I love how the game gets a way from the fast paced CoD type of play, but is still fast paced. You will low crawl, you will use cover, you will work as a team and lay down suppressive fire.  Despite the games cartoony looks, It is really quite serious once you begin to learn it. Buy this game. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,270150,15147361,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Steven Paddock,"Top down battlefield. But its 15 dollarsEDIT: Well I don't know if anyone really would care about the old review, but that's not what I want to mention. Now, RWR has workshop! 69/420"
,Recommended,270150,23219051,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MiniManHere,If Running With Rifles had another name it would be  paint the field red.So much blood!!!!
76561198076570819,Recommended,270150,23199487,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Astigadigs,fun gamego play it
76561198070759778,Recommended,270150,23246722,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,CommanderRexx,Got the game working so my review is... ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I PLAYED. Matches take at least an hour but one i was 3 hours; So if you like long player vs AI you found yourself a game 1000/10
76561198180715274,Recommended,270150,23213759,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Garythewhale,hmm what can i say .... epic 10/1
76561198071824652,Recommended,270150,23257289,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,EmersedKris,10/10 would run with a rifle again
76561197987845491,Recommended,270150,23266968,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Uncle Heini,"It's pretty fun, although it gets repetitive fast. I wish there was more variation in the weapons. The AI can also seem a bit unfair at times.However, it is worth the money."
76561198149851985,Recommended,270150,22959253,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SpikiestMass15,"At first it was quite boring but when you start getting good ranks and equipment it becomes a good tactical game.I realised playing as different factions is quite fun and with an unlimeted amount saves you can be a sniper or whatever you want to be.With the new workshop mods I have found more love for RWR, there is now more things to do. I played more hours than I realised I had when the workshop came out.If you want a shooter with no payable DLC, this is for you, it also can be tacticle but if you want different roles and jobs to do as you progress the ranks, this is for you. The mods in the workshop add more different gameplay and fun and it also can be crazy while online.Hope this helped,SpikiestMass15"
,Recommended,270150,15266488,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Xavi,"It's like Soldat but in 3d and no jetpackfunny as hell, hardcore and tactical."
,Recommended,270150,22832192,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sweet Whiskey,"freaking awesome, though it doesn't have much of a community the campain is pretty fun itself it's a great time waster and it's art style is fantastic it has a bit of a team fortress 2 vibe to it and the controlls arent  hard to graple"
,Recommended,270150,22232028,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nar-Wall,Progssion system is weird and takes a very long time put the gameplay is fun.The beach map will break your soul but when you finaly come out on to you will fel like a god.
76561198218313308,Recommended,270150,22226132,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,thesomeone5252,Do you like dieing constantly?Do you rage easily?This is not the game for you then.
76561198194311333,Not Recommended,270150,26299875,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kingofcats,good game but the communtiy is awful
76561198157085413,Recommended,270150,22563071,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TestedBean,This is very good game😃
,Recommended,270150,22567369,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gannon,"Just got this game recently can't stop playing it. did a battle last night that literally took me 3 hours I had planned to stop before that way way before the 3 hour mark but the battle kept going they would bring a tank and I would have to destroy it. The game itself reminds me a lot of arma2/arma 3 with the attention to detail of how the fighting and the war plays out, It feels like war it looks like war with 30-40 plus soldiers all with different names gear and skill flanking using cover,grenades and there knife to try and stop you. Nothing like finding that perfect cover and holding off 20-30 greycollars until they get wise and flank you from the rear or they squad up and rush you with grenades and shotguns. the game play kinda like helldivers but its more open world you can follow the frontlines and get into the meat grinder or you could do sabotage and steal there vehicles and blow up there radio towers etc. give the demo a try set it on hard difficulty and prepare to die a lot but when you find that strategic spot and start mowing down squads you'll find it as fun as I do."
,Recommended,270150,22534420,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,The_Nuclear_Tipped_Kitten,This game is amazeballs
76561198121204408,Recommended,270150,22560556,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,that guy you may Know,good game doe
76561198026467504,Recommended,270150,22636044,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Jacek,Surprisingly fun. 9/10
76561198019604637,Recommended,270150,30952865,Posted: 4 April,all,Heretix,"Since I was a kid, I've wanted a game just like this one. You're just one of many, nothing special. Instead of playing some sort of savior, one must rely on teamwork and strategic choosing of targets to succeed. It is intense throughout, after all war is hell. The campaign is definitely fun, and (when players available) multiplayer is great. The added workshop support helps keep the game feeling fresh. So, go ou there and raise hell!! Remember what George Patton once said ""The point of war is not to die for your country, it's to make the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ die for his"""
,Recommended,270150,30927349,Posted: 3 April,all,Schorle21,Dont judge this game by its art style ! This game may seem like a lame top down shooter without any tactical elements... When you then bought this game you will quickly notice how difficult it is to level up in the online modes though you will die very very very often and for every death loose like what seems all of your xp. This continues until you reach 500 xp and then the game adds new elements into the gameplay.10/10 Would get run over from a car again!10/10 would kill myself with a grenade again !:D
,Recommended,270150,13989600,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sir Mike of Wild,Absoluetly Amazing. One of the most hectic and fun games I have played. Turning up the amount of troops all the way makes some SERIOUSLY good battles. I highly recommend. Also has multiplayer to play with friends.
76561198313498776,Recommended,270150,25407289,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Madara,"I recommend this game, this game is very awesome and very addictive game, I didn't regret on buying this game it's worth it.Gamestyle : ThirdPersonShooterGraphics : Very DecentGameplay : Very NiceNo lag at all."
,Recommended,270150,28019347,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Commander Cuddles,"I was always told to never run with scissors... However, running with rifles is perfectly acceptable and safe for your soul. Love this game, best $20 spent!"
76561198151563050,Recommended,270150,28180469,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TheCookieMonster,10/10
76561198087554486,Recommended,270150,15532454,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vermeulen,"This game is amazing! If you like arcade shooters... But this has enormous potential! Add some new maps, some new gamemodes, some new guns/woapons, some new vehicles and you have an amazing game! Best of luck to the devs!"
76561198045625459,Recommended,270150,28257614,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Agent Hotchner,"Their respawn is idiotically quick. I mean really really ♥♥♥♥ing quick. You can call in an artillery strike that wipes all of them off of their base. And by the time you make your way back to the completely obliterated gridzone, they've already respawned an entire guard detatchment. You gain RP too slowly to make any chance of singular success possible, your 10 man squad will die immediately, no matter the ccircumstances. The AI combat is incredibly good, especially with their knife. You will NEVER win a knife fight with them. They always spam rockets at tanks while having incredible aim, no matter if they are under fire or being rushed. Their commanders will ALWAYS push the advantage against the player faction, while the player faction's commander will ALWAYS put momentum on entirely different sectors, ALWAYS causing a loss of momentum.  Beyond all of that, it's an incredibly fun game that will consume your hours as you scream at your monitor for having spent the last six real days in Moorland Trenches."
76561198011202914,Recommended,270150,26755504,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dr. D.,"Awesome fun! Smooth interface, good graphics, great story."
76561198213870536,Recommended,270150,26754912,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,aewell21,more maps
,Recommended,270150,26766119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yij,"A delightful and charming Indie title that gives me fond memories of playing Worms and Cannon Fodder as a kid. Capture strategic checkpoints, kill enemy soldiers by the hundreds, and die, die and die again. War has never been so much fun!Running with Rifles is simple in nature and lacks diversity, but everything has been deliberate and well thought out. Brilliant cartoony graphics, minimilistic audio, balanced gameplay and surprisingly life-like and challenging AI.No, this isn’t an open-world RPG as described and yes, the gameplay can get repetitive quickly. For simple yet challenging fun, this is the sort of casual experience Running with Rifle delivers, and for that it’s a brilliant title to be had.GraphicsThe game looks beautiful. Bearing minimal textures, smooth anti-aliasing all topped off with a cel-shaded approach, the art style suits the game perfectly and is very easing on the eyes. You can also adjust the thickness of the outlines if cel-shading isn’t your thing, and also toggle backlines (so you can navigate behind buildings) and help you gauge the depth of terrain.The cartoony visuals not only lend to the game’s unique charm, it helps tone the content down as it can be pretty violent at times: hundreds of soldiers get gunned down before your very eyes, explosions hurl corpses into the air leaving a crumpled heap on the floor, and bodies pile up en-masse causing the floor to literally turn red with blood. (Note: blood can be increased or switched off altogether).The UI itself is also fairly minimal, only conveying important information relative to gameplay, so you don’t have to worry about faff cluttering the screen. Overall, excellent graphics and presentation. No Indie “retro pixel-art” BS to be had here.Music and SoundWith only a single soundtrack to be heard, it’s a bloody great one at that and you can definitely tell a lot of love went into creating it. Fairly cheerful and slapstick, it fits the theme of the game perfectly. If you close your eyes and listen, it sounds like some theme song for a 90’s children’s cartoon on a Saturday morning. If Cannon Fodder never existed and was released today, THIS would be its theme tune. I can even picture those dopey looking soldiers on the original box-art as this music plays.As for the audio you’ll hear in game, it’s fairly minimal yet has been well thought over, let me explain why.You’re most likely accustomed to the ear-drum shattering effects of firearms and the bass-thumping boom of explosives from your average war game, so arriving here and hearing guns sounding like someone stuck a microphone next to a bowl of Cocopops, or grenades going off like someone’s closing their trash can from the opposite end of the street, you may feel fairly disappointed that the audible feedback from this game is fairly puny and underpowered.However once the battle begins and gunfire is exchanged, tanks roam the landscape and an airstrike lands right next to your position, you’ll be grateful for the toned-down sounds: every piece of audio is crisp, clear and doesn’t get drowned out in a rumbling cluster♥♥♥♥ of noise like in Call of Duty. Like the visuals, everything is easy on the ears and won’t fatigue you like other action games, so top props to the sound designers for realising that!GameplayRunning with Rifles is pure, simple dumb fun. Have a go at the campaign or tackle a match in multiplayer. Once the game has loaded, you get to pick a side, get dropped off into the map and immediately you can start playing. The rules are very simple: capture control points to win the map, or die trying. And you will die… A LOT.Like all the other tiny troopers running around on the map getting killed as quickly as they are spawned, you will soon realise that you aren’t special at all and will die just as fast as they do. You will be cut down by a hail of gunfire, squashed by a tank or thrown around like a pinball by an enemy airstrike. And you will love it to death.You can use the armoury or pick up enemy weapons to diverse your arsenal, even acquire rare loot that can be exchanged for points. As you gain levels, you get the ability to purchase better gear, unlock radio commands such as airstrikes and reinforcements, plus be allowed to command your very own squad to their doom.There are no classes to choose from, but thanks to the finely tuned and balanced weapons, your playstyle determines what equipment you decide to carry. An assault rifle is the jack-of-all-trades gun, neither excelling at close or short range. A machinegun is cumbersome to use and can only be fired prone or over cover, but is great for supressing groups of enemies whilst your team flanks their position. A sniper rifle? Fantastic for picking off distant foes harassing your team mates, but forget about using that thing in close quarters. Speaking of close quarters, a submachine gun lacks range, but is devastating at short distances and might even be silent.You would think that an Indie game like this featuring scores of computer soldiers bum-rushing each other’s positions would result in brain dead AI, but the most surprising thing is that this is far from the case. Expect to witness soldiers holding the fort, calling in airstrikes, flanking you, utilising vehicles to their advantage, taking cover when suppressed and retreating when their numbers are whittled. They don’t have 360 vision either, so you can even sneak behind them and take them out silently, and everyone else will be none the wiser.In short, the AI will surprise you with how intelligent they are, and I haven’t had this much fun battling soldiers since Half-Life. Seriously, the AI in this game will challenge you and provoke you to mix up your playstyle.ComplaintsThe description of the game is fairly misleading. Open-world RPG? Far from it.It certainly has big maps, but is NOT an open-world game. There are around 13 separate levels in the game, admittedly fairly large but each level has to be loaded separately, so I wouldn’t exactly call it open-world.As for RPG elements, you won’t be hunting down the Rifle of Excalibur that does 20% extra damage, nor allocate +5 to dexterity, strength and all that jazz. No, instead you just get to use better guns, unlock radio commands and able to form your own AI squad. Open-world RPG makes me think of something like the recent Fallout games or Skyrim.I’m not too keen on having to hold down the use key to access your inventory. This is a PC game meant to be played with a keyboard and mouse, so not having a dedicated inventory button is bizarre. What’s more, inventory items trail behind the curor, making the inventory system just feel laggy and frustrating to use in the heat of battle.There honestly isn’t much to be had here asides from capturing control points to take over the map. The new Man vs World mode is fun and challenging, but it would be great to see more game modes like capture the flag, paintball or whatnot. Even smaller based missions like infiltrating an enemy base by yourself using only silenced weapons. True, there are a few “side quests” like stealing enemy vehicles or destroying equipment, but they never feel substantial and you’ll never go out of your way to accomplish them.ConclusionThe developers are continually supporting the game post-launch: as well as the usual bug fixes and balance tweaks, every so often they add new weapons, features and recently a new campaign mode. With the addition of mod support and a Steam Workshop, you’re given more than just the base game to enjoy.As a package, it’s well worth £11 and is a title you’ll want to return to every now and again to just relax and unwind. Definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,270150,25928709,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PlayableNPC,Shooter Confirmed.
,Recommended,270150,27122253,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Antti,One of the best time-killers I met in recent
,Recommended,270150,27181500,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Count Orlok,"This game is awesome. Like really, really awesome.It allows you to partake in massive battles between multiple factions, while adding a RP-like experience with the XP, all while making you feel like a cog in a well oiled machine."
,Recommended,270150,27137173,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kirishino,10/10live die and repeat untill the end the wari would like to recommend this game is amazing and its fun :D
,Recommended,270150,14686559,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Howitzer,"Very fun game with light rpg elements. Honestly, when I first got the game I had no idea what was going on, but once you get past the learning curve it's great. I wish there was more feedback from the game. You'll often find yourself looking away from where your character is, so there are times when you'll die and won't know what happened."
76561198276903524,Recommended,270150,29491833,Posted: 25 January,all,XxColtynxX,its a great game not to mention addicting
,Recommended,270150,29488921,Posted: 25 January,all,the Quackin,this game is like every single stealth game you cant playyou get a silenced weaponsneak around the back of a basecheck for enemieswalk outthen get immediately detected and shot in the faceoh and you can also play as rambo's twin
,Recommended,270150,29455423,Posted: 23 January,all,Judopunch,"This game is amazing! Get the demo, try it for yourself. Get your friends in. Its a blast!"
,Recommended,270150,29485745,Posted: 25 January,all,Dusty,"Lovely little game. Suprisingly tight controls. Definitely worth your time if you like a little arcade game like this with nice gameplay. Gameplay shines, shame not more people were playing it online last time I checked."
76561198084722718,Recommended,270150,29484664,Posted: 25 January,all,Binmaniac,"A great little casual top-down shooter, lots of fun. However I'd love to see a commander mode similar to Savage Resurrection or Natural Selection 2."
76561198147070958,Recommended,270150,29456803,Posted: 23 January,all,Rx.CloudGod RibDigger,"Not the best thing to look at but the art style works! gameplay is great, Best Top down game I have played to date. so addictive and fast paced I love it! This game is amazing and it makes me happy :) cant stop playing! BE PREPARED TO DIE!!!! 10/10 would die over, and over and over and over and over..."
,Recommended,270150,29510408,Posted: 26 January,all,Doctornotyep,Haven't even played an hour and already in love
,Recommended,270150,29566901,Posted: 29 January,all,Jacked,"A surprisingly deep game. At first I thought it would be more like Cannon Fodder, but it's not. 8hrs in and haven't done multiplayer yet but it's awesome. The tutorial could do a bit better job of explaining how things work, it leaves you on your own to figure stuff out, which I think is the point... but then other things like the rules are not explained, xp, rp, spawn trucks, deactivation etc... so readhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240613726AI could do a little work especially driving in an ai game only, and it would be nice to switch position in a vehicle with out having to get out first, but anyway.The action is intense."
,Recommended,270150,29571399,Posted: 29 January,all,Saikek,Very addicting
76561197985463655,Recommended,270150,29408872,Posted: 21 January,all,The Dread Pirate Zakarian,"Simple top down shooter game. Not a lot of depth, but an interesting mod community. If you're looking for simple fun this is it."
76561198057969267,Recommended,270150,26634351,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Officer Eisenhower,"Just buy it! Fun gameplay, tons of freedom and overall just a great experience!"
76561198153235112,Recommended,270150,28909516,Posted: 1 January,all,Koala,"Tons of fun if you like relaxed top down shooters, a great game over all would recommend for anyone interested in the genre. Multiplayer is good as well. The art style works well with the game and the gameplay doesn't get old. Tons of replay ability. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,270150,28821102,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ShlongerDonger26,"Great game when played with friends. The mechanics are easy to get the hang of, and you'll have fun slogging through the ranks. Definitely play it with friends in a teamspeak, that's the most fun."
,Recommended,270150,29122016,Posted: 8 January,all,{FaZe} misterliver,"/h1Sort VersionThis game is phenominal! This game play is awesome (takes some getting used to though), and the graphics are great./h1Long VersionThis game is phenominal! This game play is awesome (takes some getting used to though), and the graphics are great. This game also has something that some games, in fact most now don't have. /h1INFINATE REPLAYABLITY (#can'tspell), It will be 6pm and when it fells like 12-20 minutes later its 9pm!"
,Recommended,270150,29873386,Posted: 12 February,all,ProxyUK,"It's Cannon Fodder on the Amiga....with tactics....vehicles....tons of weapons....bigger maps....in 3D....with online PvP..So.. its nothing like Cannon Fodder,  but you get the idea."
,Recommended,270150,29872029,Posted: 12 February,all,65y Afrika,do you see someone screaming take over?well now you are dead
,Recommended,270150,29751697,Posted: 6 February,all,Medic,I thought the game was delightfully fun however the lag I would get in the middle of games making me rubber band backwards in the middle of a fire fight would oft than not get me killed. It was the sole reason why I cannot play the game any more. Should issues of lag be fixed this game would be my staple.
76561198231235628,Recommended,270150,29754118,Posted: 6 February,all,loudpack,ITS FUN
,Recommended,270150,29835780,Posted: 10 February,all,seanwk1,"It's a good game, however there aren't that many people playing.  It's a Friday, and most of the servers are private.  However single player is great!"
76561198010170407,Recommended,270150,28945699,Posted: 2 January,all,Lt. DanuBaba,"Great game. Easy to learn, hard to master."
,Recommended,270150,28962719,Posted: 2 January,all,The King Himself,"A game like the Battlefield games and all of the zombie shoot-em-up games that were always popular online put together.I sit down to a new game, and check the time, and hours pass. There aren't many games that I can say enjoyably eat up my time quite like this one.Lead a squad of soldiers, call in artillery and mortar strikes, enjoy the cliche names of soldiers and vehicles, and win the game (obviously). Just a few things of many to really enjoy about the game10/10"
,Recommended,270150,29103031,Posted: 7 January,all,✪ Corosiv,"If you cant afford Arma or Squad, or you don't have the software to handle such game graphics then Running With Rifles is for you!This game includes***:-Realistic guns from the real world-Amazing military based tactics-Ranked roles-Vehicle warfare-Paratroopers-An HQ that makes the best plan of attack-Open world-Stealth-Freeing Kodak-Preadator missles-Flying boats-Easter eggs-Friendly fire gernades& many more!If any of the above has sparked your intrest then this game Should be bought & played immedietly.***Gamplay is subject to what you do"
,Recommended,270150,29054582,Posted: 6 January,all,RonMySon,Simple looking yet has an amazing level of depth and complexity.  Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,270150,28831316,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,JtsuMaster,One the best game i ever played
,Recommended,270150,28847236,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Godfish,GREAT FRICKING GAME
,Recommended,270150,28885454,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,3YCpHkTH,"It's a fun game, but there's not a lot of people playing now. I'd still recommend it though. Awesome gameplay."
76561198064184650,Recommended,270150,28883625,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,3D G0D,"This game on its own is hours of good fun and stress and the workshop, although quite small, offers even MORE fun and stress. I recommend running in the trenches. 8/10"
76561198144546157,Recommended,270150,28963610,Posted: 2 January,all,theDOCTOR420,"This is a very fun and addictive game. With or without mods, i would hands down still play this game. Anything goes and anything can happen on this battlefield-Like game. Gr8 game M8 I R8 8/8 LOL."
76561198005334413,Recommended,270150,28955926,Posted: 2 January,all,Panasonic 3DO,"This game is freaking awesome! Picture Army Men and Battlefield had a baby. I have been playing online coop and it has been amazing. Game features 2 campaigns, online PVP/PVE. Online community is not huge but there is enough full servers to find a good game. The game seems pretty shallow on the surface but don't be fooled it has a good amount of depth and tactics to it. You won't be sorry buying it."
76561198115902913,Recommended,270150,29013206,Posted: 4 January,all,Locke,"Already tried port forwarding, tweaking firewall settings, even turned off my antivirus(If it blocked the program if so ever). Still no go for multiplayer, my friend and I wanted to play but all we get is unreachable blah blah. Looking at the game, it's a well rounded and cool game, the only downside is the multiplayer errors it gives us."
,Recommended,270150,29269670,Posted: 15 January,all,Nightfall General,"I think of this game as sort of succesor of Men of War games, but this one's fresh and new. It has fast pace and high difficulty level, many weapons to choose and some interesting mechanics (ability to produce your opponent's weapons for limited time, for example) connected with airdrops and artillery helping with amassed enemy attacks. Leveling system is also very nice and fun in singleplayer. Optional cooperation or pvp. Overall fun game with good community and lots of mods."
,Recommended,270150,13519105,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Donezo Washington,Found a lighter traded it in for a grenade launcher plus this game is really fun 9 outa 9
76561198069996606,Recommended,270150,30966636,Posted: 5 April,all,Tech-Priest,I find that giggling at the many deaths of everyone is a great stress relief.
76561198144130772,Recommended,270150,29863417,Posted: 11 February,all,HintEye,"simple and funny, perfect."
,Recommended,270150,29934724,Posted: 14 February,all,Yes!Yes!,"A great game where you roleplay as an insubordinate foot soldier who doesn't listen to orders, but instead spends all his time at the armory like a girl at the mall.  Mods are great too, they add a lot to the gameplay, as well as changing it altogether.  Happy Valentine's Day!"
,Recommended,270150,30969637,Posted: 5 April,all,Truxel707,"Great game! Solo or with friends, this is well worth $15.00."
,Recommended,270150,29643366,Posted: 1 February,all,Sans,"a cell-shaded throwback to the old 3d0 army men games, has the added benefit of multiplayer (co-op and competitive) plus steam workshop support. gameplay pacing--especially the combat is a little fast like hotline miami--so your personal mileage may vary.a great game to casually play and mess around in, just don't forget that dying repeatedly is part of the game."
76561198091467820,Recommended,270150,13979552,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Solumn Trade,"There is no reason really to hold off on this purchase. The game already offers plenty of content, even if it is never updated again.Although the art direction might make you think overwise, this game is very tactical and should not be taken as an arcade-type experience. That said, there is plenty of humor to be found, like finding and stealing the enemy's porn stash. Besides conquering the map, there are tons of side objectives that you can partake in, from stealing cargo trucks, to demolishing enemy radio towers and AA guns, to freeing war prisoners, and to finding valuable guns and resources.While I don't like XP unlock systems in games, I do think it is somewhat appropriate for this game. By being restricted to a rifle and some grenades, you are forced to learn the first and foremost rule of this game: USE COVER. This is a valuable skill to learn, so that you aren't wasting the credits you earn and the equipment you purchased in battle.Credits are earned either finding enemy resources, taking objectives, completing side objectives, or finding 'battlefield loot' and selling it at the armoury, which ranges from porn (no you don't actually see the porn), to electronics, to alcohol, to teddy bears, to fancy glasses, to food, to gems, and finally to good ol' wads of cash. However, it should be noted that nearly everything is locked at the start of a campaign, and you should probably just turn your extra RP (credits) into wads of cash and stuff them into the 'stash' box for use later when you can use that equipment. It's also useful to save up for the final mission. Note that there are two final missions, and for now one is bugged (it is early access after all), so choose the mission you can actually complete.The campaign allows you to travel from map to map, so long as you conquer the routes that allow to travel to the different maps. You beat it when all maps are conquered and the final mission is complete. You cannot leave the final mission, so make sure to stock up plenty of goods for it, and that no bonus resources are left behind on other maps (Each map has a hidden cargo vehicle that is worth 400 credits when brought to the armoury. Try to find them all!)There are plenty of vehicles in this game, but the two most important ones are the mobile spawn vehicle and the mobile armoury. You need to move these if you want to get the upper hand in battle...just make sure they aren't too close to the battle. You can use these to set up a totally independent base, bringing you closer to the front. My favorite passtime is setting them up with sandbags, machine guns, and mortors to make a legit base of operations. Just make sure you don't accidently trap the trucks inside a circle of sandbags.Not only is this game a spiritual successor to the top-down Army Men games of old, it is poised to surpass them, if it hasn't already.Update: Why'd they change the RWR logo? I liked the other one, it was hilarious and adorable. The new one just screams COD. Wayyyy too serious. The old one was a shadow shot of cartoon guys scrambling with guns, and one had a teddy bear. Dirty casuals and their stubborn buying habits, forcing devs to change their artstyle just to sell the game. I'd say they'd deserve to miss out, but the devs gotta make money. Actually, come to think of it, the bait and switch is funny too."
76561198102097322,Recommended,270150,26591394,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Turkeysandwich6,Great game but needs a mute buttom cause poeple verbaly harrase you
,Recommended,270150,15247599,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DubMeister,Called in my first ever 8 shot artillery barrage on a group of 40+ infantry. 5 shots hit. 3 shots landed on 15-20 nearby friendly players. New teamkill record. Demoted then promoted by the XP lost and gained.11/10 Would be Court Martialed and Executed again.
76561198019889233,Recommended,270150,32952929,Posted: 28 June,all,jonasan,"I was raised on Gauntlet, Secret Command, Smash TV, Alien Breed, Cannon Fodder, Syndicate, Chaos Engine.....This game feels like coming home!If you have ever enjoyed a top down shooter in your life then I 100% recommend this game. You will not be disapointed!"
,Recommended,270150,32973413,Posted: 28 June,all,Fenrisúlfr,"Funny how a voxel-based isometric shooter turns out to be one of the most entertaining war simulations out there to be played; very good if you want to be locked in a firefight for hours on end, soldiers dying left and right, with a stray bullet being the only thing between life and death."
76561198054968772,Recommended,270150,32969906,Posted: 28 June,all,Vongrapple,"Now that I've gotten into it, I actually really find this more fun than I thought I would. Would love to see more content come out for this."
,Recommended,270150,32933608,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr Tweetums,Nice
76561198000646490,Recommended,270150,32934451,Posted: 28 June,all,ness,"The absolute first game lasted for 2 hours, I had no idea how to play the game in the start,♥♥♥♥♥♥flew everywhere, blood was laying on the ground like♥♥♥♥♥♥in a mental hospital. I saw horrible, horrible things.I also played with 350 ms and didn't even notice, had the time of my life and thought the game just played weird. I'm afraid to start anothergame."
76561198051425125,Recommended,270150,33297049,Posted: 5 July,all,Sckolar,"RWR is an addicting top-down shooter game with cover mecanics. However, if you hate dying, then this might not be the game for you. Battle on large maps while trying to capture key points circled on your map. Capture them all, and you win! Comes with multiplayer and co-op in large scale battles.Take the role of a soldier, and work your way up to getting a radio. A radio allows you to drop medkits, call strikes, request AI rienforcements, and many other features. To get to that point, you need to rank up by getting a certain amount of kills (I think). ""But AI in video games are stupid!"" SHUT UP child, this is WAR! There's no room for stupid AI. In fact the AI will shoot at you, while their team mates surround you to shoot you dead, or flush you out of your cover. They operate tanks, and vehicles very well, and can land very good sneak attacks! They also will take high ground. Sometimes they are a little dumb about how secure their cover is, but that's players too. So no big deal.While battling, you can pick up weapons dropped by dead soldiers. This can range from shot guns, to sniper rifles, AK47s, and various other weapons. You can also purchase weapons in the Armory using RP points gained through kills. However you LOSE RP points by dying so be careful.Like I said there are vehicles. The one drawback to them however is I couldn't figure out how to get AI to board a transport truck, or mount the gun on a tank when I am driving it. If there is a way to do it, it was never made clear to me.Another thing I'm not a big fan of it how LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNGGGGG the battles are. One battle can go for 3 hours. That's WITH PLAYERS ON YOUR TEAM. This does compliment the AI of the enemy, as an entire squad of players can be wiped by the AI. But this also leads to many players disconecting, and not finishing a battle. Thankfully many players also connect. I have gotten bored so many times during a battle, and just quit after some time. At the time of this review, I have 6.2 hours of this game on recrod. Guess how many battles I won? One...One last thing I should point out (That isn't neccesarily a bad thing, but can turn some people off) is that this is not the kind of game where you are the one man hero, and everyone else are just a bunch of grunts. If you try to seperate from the army, and do an ambush into 7+ dudes, expect a big challenge. Acutally, expect to die. Much like League of Legends, this game requires you to rely on your team mates. Working together, and attacking as a unit is very important in this game.All in all, I call this a hit or miss game. Some people will find it too repetitive, but the investments in battle make it compelling, and kept me around for an entire battle. I intend to win more."
76561198045783578,Recommended,270150,33172538,Posted: 3 July,all,Warhopper,"I was interested in this game since I first saw it, but I really only play singleplayer so consider this a singeplayer review.  Running with Rifles honestly reminded me most of the old Ghost Recon game in that, each mission is seperated, but there set in open levels with your choice to how you will tackle the set goals.  You can choose to play stealth and sabotage the enemies resources or just full on assualt the enemy base. When you begin the campaign you are just a single soldier without a squad, so expect to be running straight into action with an AI squad or just wonder around getting killed.  I won't lie to you at this point, your going to die, A LOT.  It's like a meat grinder till you can bring a view men along with you to help out.  Once you are commanding a squad, it allows you to try taking command points that the main force isn't currently targeting.  As long as the campaign goes on, the more equipement and options you unlock to tune how you play. The different levels will have you transition between urban, rural, desert, and snow covered trenches.  This all begins to break down with the final two missions though.  They are obviously not tuned for singleplayer and they will punish you constantly to you manage to finally widdle down the objectives. The first of the two missions relies on you destroying radio towers that you have to have C4 to destroy in one hit or it will take 10 or so missiles to destroy.  The problem is, everytime you die, the point with C4 is at least 4 minutes of walking away.  So everytime you die, which happens constantly because there are no reinforcements and they have a full sized force, you have to repeat that walk.  The second has a similar issue, but with patience and smartly picking your targets you can advance it quicker.  All in all I actually really loved this game, but just be prepared for those last two missions when you play alone."
76561198086340491,Recommended,270150,33166006,Posted: 2 July,all,Sylty,its pretty good
76561198068973513,Recommended,270150,33116931,Posted: 1 July,all,Crimson,"It's hard to pinpoint exactly what I like about RWR, but with 150+ hours it must be something! Although the game does lack polish, notably in the graphics department, there's something enticing in its simplicity. There are a lot of things that could be improved/added, but the fact that these things make me excited for the next game or update rather than just lament their absence is a good sign. Definitely recommended, support this developer!"
76561198070141160,Recommended,270150,33142594,Posted: 2 July,all,RigorMortiis,gud geam
76561197995662547,Recommended,270150,33229884,Posted: 4 July,all,Werewolf,"It's a fun little top down view shooter, worth every peny!"
,Recommended,270150,33651166,Posted: 19 July,all,Major Heisenberg,"Brilliantly fun game, love it, make a sequel dlc anything I'll buy it"
,Recommended,270150,33198651,Posted: 3 July,all,Krovski,Really fun and even better with friends
,Recommended,270150,33173354,Posted: 3 July,all,FRAYDO,Got exactly what was advertised. I am Running With Rifles™.
76561197960373112,Recommended,270150,33202812,Posted: 3 July,all,Imortan,"Great game, Battlefield meets top down. Worth every penny. All the best parts of foxhole without the grinding. launch play, love."
,Recommended,270150,32996128,Posted: 29 June,all,Tracer Bullet,Bretty fun
76561198145532230,Recommended,270150,33179961,Posted: 3 July,all,girrossco,This game has forced me to crowdfund the grafting of a 3rd arm in my chest so I can reach all the keys I need to open a can of digital whoopa##!3 Thumbs up!!
,Recommended,270150,33732808,Posted: 22 July,all,✪ Bebsi ✪,"A really fun top down shooter, too bad there are no servers that have players in my area but the AI in singleplayer are pretty smart."
76561198195399407,Recommended,270150,33679733,Posted: 20 July,all,PDMKO,MOST ANNOYING GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ING PISSIS ME THE ♥♥♥♥ OFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF HOW CAN U DIE SO MANY ♥♥♥♥ING TIMES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but i love it :)
,Recommended,270150,33839653,Posted: 27 July,all,Bringer of Jollity,Great game!
76561197999995342,Recommended,270150,33788328,Posted: 25 July,all,[OSIRIS] Ayy_Lmaowen,"Really great game. Tutorial was fun and innovative, the speech bubbles never get old, i can sit and play for hours uppon hours before I find myself saying, woah there julias caeser, somebody needs a smoke and a beer. Pretty awesome, fun to play and take turns playing with the family or in co-op."
76561198131286727,Recommended,270150,29451962,Posted: 23 January,all,Chairdolf Sitler,Thank you Locke for suggesting to verify the game files I had only tried one time but the second fixed the problem.Review:This is an interesting bird's eye View shooter with very fun mechanics and cool side objectives rare weapons and fun gameI enjoy Running with rifles squad feature which allows you to control a squad of AI
,Recommended,270150,20067911,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gigas,"10/10 Simple design and gameplay but an addictive game!!Realistic on the sale of the virtual gamesI recommend this game to anyone that likes war, fps and strategy."
,Recommended,270150,33483733,Posted: 12 July,all,"Serenetic - Main Acc, Quit.",Really great game that challenges the minds of common and veteran strategy gamers in a new way.100% worth the price.I'd say it's worth 40 USD.
76561198167578899,Recommended,270150,34449207,Posted: 23 August,all,jimmynguyen277,"Honestly a very great top down view shooting game. YOU DIE A LOT, and the medics are not gonna be too helpful because you usually die automatically unless you wear a kevlar. But that's the point of realistic warfare I guess......."
76561198150461221,Recommended,270150,34171591,Posted: 11 August,all,Thegamer211,yes
76561197993626992,Recommended,270150,34226953,Posted: 13 August,all,LittleFir,"This game is like battlefield... but top-down. Personally, it's the perfect game to play when you need a break from fps but still wanna shoot stuff up. There are some cool mods too, zombies, aliens running up and completely obliterating you, etc. the one thing I don't like is the system of which you buy stuff, its called RP and you can never see how much you have until you get back to base. and you can call in airstrikes and stuff... paradrop too. Even missions like Overlord. I love this game, worth 10 bucks too. 10/10"
,Recommended,270150,34138879,Posted: 9 August,all,Larry The Lamp Guy,"I live by one of the game's quotes: ""DON'T LET YOUR OWN DEATHS BRING YOU DOWN, IN RWR YOU WILL DIE ALOT""If you like going Rambo only to get sniped by some belly laying machinegunner, this is the game for you.If you like getting spawn camped by tanks, this is the game for you.If you like dying, this is the game for you.If you like spraying down hundreds and then thousands of troops, this is the game for you.If you like campaign mode levels that take over two days to beat, and are filled with endless fun, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU.If you're some babyish 13 year old who screams into the mic click ""Next In Queue"" NOW.Also don't listen to those ""about 2-3 hours of gameplay"" reviews. This keeps you mildly frustrated and heavily entertained for dayzzzz."
,Recommended,270150,34310524,Posted: 17 August,all,BL3ACHY,Well I gotta say this game is very good all the guns and gadgets feel really good. The gameplay is chaotic but also can get strategic. The single player aspect is very good but in my eyes I think the co-op and multiplayer are the better game modes.Over all this game is very very good. Fun fact I bought this game for my friend (he does not play it at all) and few months later I see it my library so I ended up installing it and Im glad I did. 110% Recommend
76561197963035785,Recommended,270150,34245106,Posted: 14 August,all,AznMikeD,This game is amazing! Single player is fun but Multiplayer is even more fun. No one plays PvP but this is more of a PvE type of game. I definitely suggest it to anyone looking for an easy game to get lost in for hours. Definitely read the RWR Wiki if you are a new player since it will help a lot to understand the game.
,Recommended,270150,34274280,Posted: 16 August,all,Kur0ko,"If you got a low end PC boy do I got a game for you. The objective is simple: Kill the enemy, take their control point. Win.Firefights and skrimishes can be really intense with projectiles and explosions coming in all directions. Frantic gameplay with many enemies duking it out in one screen. Fun game, please support this developer.Verdict: if you can get it on sale it's a gread deal because if you're a penny pincher like me $15 is a little steep for one of these titles. However, with all the hours I put into it, it seems to be a worthy investment."
,Recommended,270150,34338541,Posted: 18 August,all,Schlingy,Very fun and challenging top down shooter. Don't sleep on this one.
,Recommended,270150,34420740,Posted: 22 August,all,TagTeamBitches| Ace_Adam1234,one of my favorite games on steam so worth every single cent!!!!!
76561198061478846,Recommended,270150,34423643,Posted: 22 August,all,PV1 Bones |23rd HQ|,"This game is awesome. It looks simple but its not, you will die ALOT whether you just started or if youre a veteran player so at times it can get frustrating (This AI is LETHAL). I didnt think i was gonna like this game cuz Im an FPS junkie and i dont really like top down shooters but i downloaded the demo and got lost for like 2 hours so I went ahead and bought the full game. It reminds me of Insurgency/Day of Infamy in the way that you have to be really methodical about the way you approach situations if you start running and gunning you will get killed. Theres gonna be more DLC coming apparently so If youre unsure about this game just get the demo and try it."
76561198038651212,Recommended,270150,34425692,Posted: 22 August,all,shabang50,good challenging fun
,Recommended,270150,34516289,Posted: 26 August,all,deedbr72,"Really fun, one of the best games i'v played before"
,Recommended,270150,34516972,Posted: 26 August,all,Redstorm,The Crucible of Valour in Battle
76561198081224114,Recommended,270150,23223644,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,alemismun,"Its alright, I only play with mods tho."
76561197965046644,Recommended,270150,35100395,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A fun top down all out war military sim. I do recommed playing this online as the singleplayer can be rather boring as the bots doesn't really offer much a challenge and most times just run and stand still trying to kill you.As for the gameplay you control a single soldier but can drive vehicles, build some basic defenses and command some npcs to help you push your enemy back. The online aspect gets pretty crazy as some servers have 3 teams going all out which is just crazy having 3 large armies battling it out for control of the map...and yeah maps are pretty big.Overall a fun experience and may be worth a try for those interested in this type of gameplay."
76561198053581433,Recommended,270150,34985881,Posted: 15 September,all,Mr Beans,"Very fun co-op, love collecting rare guns, just look at my hours played."
76561197981773880,Recommended,270150,35015008,Posted: 16 September,all,mucho_muertos,Yes.  Good.
76561198116335442,Recommended,270150,35068669,Posted: 19 September,all,rooster,Running With Rifles has to be the best top down shooter i ever played. Its totally worth the price... the concept of playing as  a common soldier either on the front or behind enemy lines is extremly fun. one thing to note is that the AI chatter in game does'nt take itself too seriously and there is some good 4th wall breaking humour mixed in. not forgetting about wokshop support the mods avaliable are amazing and the workshop has some really awesome and creative mods avaliable if your looking for a fun war game this is it.
76561198152007161,Recommended,270150,35528585,Posted: 6 October,all,Gassious,Really fun simple game
76561198099306531,Recommended,270150,35531607,Posted: 6 October,all,My_Bolt_Killed_JFK,"10/10 would always play again, super friendly and helpful developers as well"
