user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,270210,17040783,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Papp Jahn,"Remember when you were a kid, sitting in the back seat of your parents car looking out the window, pretending there was someone running along with your line of sight, avoiding obstacles and such. Well that is this game in a nutshell. I have a lot of regret in my library, but this is not it. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,270210,23112075,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Anna Banana,"I really love the idea behind Melody's Escape.  I can tell there was a lot of work into trying to get a working level generator like audio surf, but in a more interactive and vibrant way.  The game is a step in the right direction, but it really just doesn't work yet.Before I go on I'd like to mention that, yes, I had VSYNC disabled and I'd recommend anyone else playing the game to disable it, as VSYNC will butcher any chances of proper on-beat gameplay.Unfortunately, most of the songs that I personally tried to play just didn't sync up in an enjoyable way.  A few of the songs I tried were:Shirobon - Regain Control (this song actually worked exactly how I thought the game should function, but was the only song to really do so, for me anyway)Mystery Skulls - Magic AnimaticRage Awakened - Kingdom Hearts 2.5 OSTHataraku Maou-sama! - The Devil is a Part Timer OSTDog of Wisdom Remix (Blue Version) - The Living TombstoneThe main issue with the songs is that half the time, there was on-beat gameplay and it felt great, and the other half I couldn't tell what the program was trying to get me to tap to.  The synchronization software seems to work better with songs that have slower, defined beats.  That way, the game can recognize shifts in the song and adjust the visuals accordingly.  However, even in those slow songs, sometimes I couldn't discern if the beats for me to tap were going along with the song's actual beat, or the vocals.  So, in my experience, slower songs sort of work, and fast songs just don't work.The level builder in Melody's Escape does very good at attempting this synchronization, however, and is probably the best I've seen so far, so I have to give it that.  But, the reason I just can't recommend it is because it just doesn't work as well as one would expect it to.The gameplay itself is entertaining at first but quickly becomes more tedious than relaxing, primarily due to the fact that, as I said, most songs aren't actually properly to the beat.  I understand that the gameplay is more of an aid for a visual experience than an actual fleshed out game itself, but in that respect I still can't say it's very good feeling to me.  If the goal is for visuals to shift in tune with the music, then I don't believe that's been achieved.  This is very, very close, but it's not there yet.Overall, I don't hate Melody's Escape.  In fact, I really like it a lot.  But, it just doesn't play the way that I'd hoped.  Maybe in the future the game will perform better with personal music, but until then I'd wait on purchasing it."
,Recommended,270210,10339420,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,marcie,"If you're a daydreamer, you'll love this game. If you were one of those kids to listen to music and imagine a man running outside of the car window, you willlovethis game.Giving it a wide review isn't easy considering that every will have a different music genre taste. All I can say about the game though is that the controls are convenient, the style is nice and easy to follow along with. There's no pointless garbage flying around the screen, no flashing lights, no insane break downs to leave you confused and scrambling to hit the right buttons. It's just a calm, relaxing game that gives you the best of enjoying music and gaming.The replay value is neverending. As long as you have music in your library, you can keep playing this game for as long as your little heart desires."
,Not Recommended,270210,23225488,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,DragYn,"So . . . this is a tough one for me. I'm NOT a twitch gamer. I thought the idea of being able to mash buttons in time to my own music was a cool idea and the graphics and art style of Melody's Escape speak to me. That said, I enjoy . . . harder music. Not death or speed metal (or really metal at all), but more of the post-hardcore, Vans Warped Tour band list variety. And herein lies my dilemna.The game itself is fun and pretty to look at, in it's minimalistic way. But, with my own music imported, something feels . . . off.  I don't understand the reasoning (or even the rhythm) behind when I am to hit, tap, hold, etc the buttons for my songs.  It feels random, and worse so: off-beat.  Now, I understand that this is likely largely in part due to my music selections. But, that's what I want to play.When I tap on beat to the song and I get offsync somehow with ""error"" or ""too late"" messages, I get a little frustrated. (BTW, I've been a drummer for over 25 years so I'm perfectly capable of keeping time). I know it's a game, and ultimately the score doesn't really matter, but to me - this does.So, in conclusion, I enjoy the game in small doses, but until I get the feeling of actually playing my music (instead of a random level kinda-sorta timed to my music in parts, possibly . . . maybe . . .) I cannot recommend it.  At least not at full price.Cool minimalistic art styleAbility to import songs saved onto your HDSyncopation and timing issues that just feel ""off"" (at times)Seemingly randomized levels (at times)"
,Recommended,270210,32300440,Posted: 9 June,all,Panda ❤,Relaxing and addictive.Love the customizable characters available in the workshop.
76561198079335824,Recommended,270210,18364915,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"Melody's EscapeWow. I am just loving this game but you must have music to play the game. I have some music on a usb stick that I recorded from music CD's I have, and when its asks which file, I just go to E drive and they all come up in the list only I dont have my songs named. I love the Mods you can subscribe to for free, so you can change Melody in many differant ways to your desired taste.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=531091559&tscn=1444201118The game is not always easy to master but not hard to learn, and I play the game using  my Xbox controller, which works very well. I just play on relaxed as for me thats the easiest to start with till I get more use to the game. I do tend to crash poor melody in to obsticals or she falls of a cliff, as I dont always hit the desired key or direction on time and sometimes it does not always respond to commands but that could be my fault as timing is crucial in this game.Each song gives a differant course of obsticals, but I have noticed for me that the same song gives the same pattern of obsticals every time I play so I can practice and get better with just 1 song.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=531091974Its a very nice game to play if you have an hour to spare or you just want to listen to some music and keep occupied at the same time. I have never seen this game so cheap before at 50% off and to me It was worth every cent. ♥http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=531091282I have absolutely no regrets buying Melodys Escape, its a must have if you enjoy music and dont mind a female character to acompany you through the obstacles, while listening to your favourite music. ♥Who Knows maybe the developer can add a Male Character as well, later on. This would be great, they could even maybe add some differant Animals to choose from to, this will give the game a nice twist and more interesting I think anyway.Anyway I love this game, Im so glad I purchased it. :D( To the developers )  Keep up the great work with this game, and I hope you consider adding some more characters to this game, in the future. ;)"
,Recommended,270210,28135670,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,{SHH}DarthJohny,"Melody's Escape...Boy what a game. In all honesty if my playtime has nothing to show for it, this game is very, VERY fun. I purchased this on February of this year. So far I am glad I did. This game is a simple rhythm-based side scrolling runner that requires you to input button presses to avoid tripping up, pun intended. It plays much like rhythm games like guitar hero or dance dance revolution, except you don't use your feet and uses wasd or directionals for input. Unlike guitar hero or dance dance revolution, this game can use ANY music audio file (wav, flac, mp3, wma, ogg, mp4 and so on), barring DRM protected formats. It will read the file and construct an obstacle course for Melody to run through based on the music you choose. The obstacle course is also not randomized; you will get the same obstacle course if you play the same audio file. However things might change if you use lossy file formats. I'll explain this later. Melody's Escape has 4 difficulty settings + a custom difficulty to change things up. This means the difficulty of this game varies wildly by the music you choose and the difficulty you set the game at. Finally Melody, the girl running through the obstacle courses, is customizeable. She comes with 4 or so presets you can use with various hair styles, or you can design your own skins and hairstyles if you so wish. For the otakus out there, that means you can have your favorite waifu run through the course of your favorite music. ;)The biggest complain you will see coming from people playing this game is that this game will not sync up music well or the beat detection is off. Trust me that is not true. This game has one of the best beat detection algorithms of any steam game I've played. It's debatable that Audiosurf has better note detection, but in terms of beat detection, Melody's Escape is better hands down (I have tried them both). Anyways the thing about Melody's Escape is that it is very sensitive to audio quality; So sensitive in fact that It will pick up differences between a 248kbps mp3 and a 320 kbps mp3 file of the same audio. That's impressive considering the average human will not pick up these differences. Anyways this game is also not perfect. It will struggle with genres that have no apparent beat, have multiple changes in beat, or are just plain noisy. This is not to say the game will not try to produce an obstacle course, but it will probably be less accurate than the obstacle courses whos beats were successfully detected. That being said no procedural beat detection system is perfect and all struggle with certain genres regardless of how sophisticated the algorithms are. Even Audiosurf suffers from this.Anyways to conclude, do I recommend Melody's Escape? Definitely yes. This game is very fun. If you enjoy rhythm games, this is a definite must play. If you enjoy games you can pick up for five minutes, this game is also recommended for you. If you're an otaku audiophile who loves rhythm games like me...what the hell are you waiting for?! Buy it now!...Else try it, see if you like and decide from there.  This game is only $10. However it is worth every penny. ;)"
76561198088672159,Recommended,270210,23477766,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Assistant,"I've been with ME since it came into early access around two years ago. There's been ups and theres been downs and this game has changed a lot during this time. But there is one thing that hasn't. This has been one of my favorite games to relax into since it first appeared.To be honest I didn't think I was going to fall for melody's escape half as hard as I did. I saw it on steam and thought it would be worth a few hours of fun. As you can see by my hours a few turned into a lot.ME has basic minimalistic visuals meant to stimulate you with popping colors and shifting moods with the music, don't be fooled though in the background it visualizes your music in the sky as an aurora and that can take quite a bit out of the average potato computer. Due to the fast movements and vibrant colors its also prone to screen tearing if your moniter is more than three years old, it refreshes too fast. It may look simple to run but be sure you really are up to specs to play it or you'll kend up with a giant headache!ME's beat system is one of the best. Almost as good as audiosurf, but in a different genre. It was primarily made for 4/4 beats since thats what the average joe would normally try to play music wise. If you try to confuse it you will just like you can confuse audiosurfs beat detection. For the most part any song that has a strong beat and steady tempo works great, its amazing fun to jump and punch and kick your way through on the beat.The difficulty is below that of audiosurfs for the most part. This is a game made to relax and enjoy your songs to, not make you rage and scream. The game is fun but most of it is just visualizing your music to pull you into your songs deeper. It's good for a chill out day or just trying to unwind after a hard day, but if you're a hardcore OSU player of audiosurf top ranker you may find this game lacking after a few hours play for challenges. If you go into this game trying to pump yourself up and tensing all your muscles for a keyboard smash fest you will be dissapointed, because thats not what ME is about, and it never was.I love using this game to listen to new music, it really lets me focus in on things I may never have noticed in the songs before, and it really helps me get into a good mood for whatever I need to do next. Definitely recommend it for anyone who enjoys the little moments to just take a breather."
,Recommended,270210,15663439,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Zygayga,"Playtime and Time/moneyI haven't had much time to play this game as of writing this review but it has a seemingly infinite duration, same as other games such as Audiosurf, so for this review I will exclude this part willingly because there is no good way to determine a set $/hour value to this game.When the gameplay is based off of user created (more like music created) levels it lasts forever, thisishowever coming from someone who does not get bored from rhythm games.You may be wondering why I would want to play other rhythm games if I don't get bored of them, and my answer to that is that some are beautiful, and some pose a new challenge. this one is both of those and is my current favorite game to listen to music to in.Exactly what is this game?Rhythm game. You press buttons/keys and you complete various actions to set a higher score and to not fail at running through the level. the levels are based on the beat/tempo/sound of your songs that you supply it. Any sound file that you use will most likely work, I've tried this with mp3s and wavs but not much else because who really uses much else?Difficulties include pressing one button to complete the actions, pressing 4 buttons that correspond to color, pressing 8 buttons that correspond to direction and color, and lastly a combination of more spots to hit and the previous difficulty.So now the standard game rating:Story: 1/10You are a runner, you run to the music that is playing in your headphones, you can customize the runner in the workshop very easily.Gameplay: 10/10Does not, will not, get old. constantly challenging, high skill wall and after you beat that to the point where you can do everything flawlessly the game is still fun to play while listening to more songs.Presentation: 10/10Honestly beautiful game. There is a bloom effect on a vector style of the game. as a person who is heavily interested in a minimalist style of art this is just my thing. You don't need much to say a lot. and what you leave open, you leave a canvas for others to think and fill in.Soundtrack: 11/10Your own soundtrack. what more can be said?Replayability: 10/10Would there ever be a time when this game could be dated and unplayable? No. Will there be more immersive or better looking games that are rhythm games in the future? Possibly, but what you have here, is the newest and the best looking one that is alsoREALLYnice to older computers. Besides, even after a new rhythm game comes out, there's nothing that would make you unable to play this one. I could still go back to audiosurf if I wanted to, but by my personal preference I love the way that this game looks and feels."
76561198031024467,Recommended,270210,20655536,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,DisturbedPhoenix,"As a big fan of rhythm games, I really enjoy playing Melody's Escape.Pros:+Songs are tracked within seconds+Each song delivers a different and unique track (endless replayablity)+Fairly easy to pick up and once you get the hang of the controls it is very enjoyable+Very slick, sweet art style and effectsCons:-Some songs do not track as well as others. This is saddening if you're a big fan of death metal such as myself since most of these songs track poorly, except Rings of Saturn for some odd reason... (If a song says it has no steady tempo detected, the track quality is not that great)-An option to edit and upload tracks would be nice, especially for the afformentioned poorly tracked songs that could potentially be made into really good tracks.There is a lot of fun to be had here and I would recommend you pick this game up if you are a fan of rythm games like I am."
76561198058841791,Recommended,270210,23109532,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,A.Rene,"2 years ago, when this was in early-access, I never thought I would come back to this game.Here I am now, it's a full game, and Jesus Christ it's fun.Originally, this game was rather tough on my old potato of a laptop. I would constantly mess up due to delays and frame-rates, and it really broke the fun for me.Now, with a new, proper gaming laptop, and surely game updates itself, the delay has vanished.Over the time I haven't played, things have changed quite a lot. The flying scenes are completely different, and there seems to be a new, completely awesome, feature where the game slows down, brings out cinematic black bars, showing Melody fall towards the ground before having her roll forwards back onto the beat. All while synced to your music.That brings me to my next point.The fact the game can generate a level out of any song you put into it is amazing.  Although not all, the game can take whatever song you put in, and give you back a colourful, sometimes challenging level that matches the beats, drops, vocals and slides in the song.Seeing this game now as a full, proper Steam release that didn't end up as a trainwreck discontinue during E.A is relieving for me, despite the fact I never thought I would pick it back up.If you like music games, especially ones that allow your music, this game is a great new way to experience your favourite songs, or just waste time in a music-filled heaven."
76561198046184992,Recommended,270210,32464564,Posted: 15 June,all,BadFeungShui,"Something about playing this game makes me happy.Melody's Escape is a rhythm game of the, ""The experience changes based on what kind of music you're into,"" sub-variety. The gameplay isn't as complex as something like Symphony or Audiosurf, and really resembles something more like Beatmania, Dance-Dance Revolution, or In The Groove. Colored arrows flash on the screen over an animated background, and it's your job to push them in time with the music. Visually, it resembles an infinite-runner game, but it's really all in service to the rhythm of your music.There's no plot, no greater threat to humanity to overcome, no alien mothership or elder dragon to confront.It's just you, Melody, your music, and a great big stretch of cityscape for her to run through. Something about that just feels so simple and beautiful, it warms my heart. Part of me escapes with Melody, out into the dark of the city, where we can run until our feet don't touch the ground.Part of the draw, naturally, is in being able to crank up Mötley Crüe or Led Zeppelin and watch the game make a unique sort of ""level"" out of the music. As with so many similar games, though, it was designed with dance-club music in mind, which means that you might get hit with some kind of hard to see sequences when the speed picks up. Melody's Escape also features four different, progressively more complex, modes of gameplay.The authentic experience is probably the ""Intense"" difficulty, though, with the easier ones mostly being training wheels and the hardest setting being there for complete mad men.If you have any interest in rhythm games, you absolutely owe it to yourself to play Melody's Escape. Get your tunes, dim the lights, get lost in the experience, and maybe you'll feel yourself flying right alongside her..."
,Recommended,270210,28462146,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mojofier,Pros:- Most songs work well with this- even though 4/4 tempo beats are not detected.- AddictiveCons:-Some songs don't work well and you'll have moments where you cannot fully rely on the beat of the song when inputting.Would recommend this game on sale.
,Recommended,270210,13502423,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,𝔇𝔢𝔞𝔡-𝔈𝔫𝔡,"Melody's Escape is a rhythm game where you play as a female protagonist and go on a journey based on the kind of song you are playing.PROS- In sync with the music very well- Background is very colorful- If you miss an obstacle it won't hinder the song- You can customize your character- 2 types of difficulty which are song difficulty and game difficulty- Controls are almost solid (get a breif animation delay every now and then)- Great rhythem game since AudiosurfCONS- Doesn't sync with spotify (only works with songs on your computer)- Playing for a long peroid of time can hurt your eyes (due to colors and color changing)- Sometimes the buttons don't register when you hit them on time (By sometimes I mean only 2-3% of the time this happens)OverallThe game is great considering the price, it's also a new way to enjoy your music you almost feel as if your in that world working your way through the tune of the song. With steam workshop avaiable for this game as well i'm expecting there will be tons of new customizations for the character and possibly more backgrounds which will make the game even more awesome to play."
,Not Recommended,270210,23300470,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,✦RaXeno✦,"No game has ever made me click ""Add to Cart"" faster than Melody's Escape. I really did like this game and it has potential, but I can only enjoy it in short spurts. I wish I had spent $5 rather than $10.Pros for Melody's Escape:+ Play to your own music+ While it's not perfect, rhythms are accurately synced to music. I was surprised!+ Fast loading time+ Not glitchy+ Higher difficulties make it harder to get perfect combos (Good challenge)+ Some customizations for character and environmentCons+ Gameplay seems repetitive regardless of what music you choose. (Therefore, quickly becomes boring)+ Rhythms switch between drums, vocals, and instruments randomly which can throw me off+ Very few visuals and customizations+ No risk of actually losing the game (Biggest threat is breaking your combo which doesn't do much to your rank anyway)+ Quite a small game. Made me think ""Phone app"" rather than $10 game on Steam.No hate. Just dissapoint."
,Recommended,270210,17515425,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,XX /// ☯ //,"the person who made this game completely understands what makes games fun AND challenging AND relaxing at the same time and that is really really really... uncommon, especially for a game that can maintain these qualities while balancing the correct amount of simplicity vs immersion & replayability as Melody's Escape.this is my favorite game available on Steam. if i had to delete my entire steam library and could only save 1 game, it would be Melody's Escape.the game is endlessly replayable, very high quality and incredibly flaw-free for an early access title (at this point i feel like most updates are QoL enhancements as opposed to bugfixes) - also the algorithm for procedural generation based on your music is extremely good. there are certain songs that when i play for the first time in Melody, i am able to score very highly on without looking at the screen, because the algorithm is so accurate that i know when to tap in time with the beat which is NOT the case with many other rhythm games that let you use your own music.it is 100% worth the hours for your money (EVEN at full price), very easy to customize to your specific preferences, even works with the audio from movie files (i.e AVI files) if you don't have them in another format.best greenlight game i ever voted 'Yes' on!please buy this game or gift it to a friend. i would love to see the community for this game grow and for the game itself to have more funds for development. thanks for reading, and enjoy your escape."
,Recommended,270210,23127516,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Vintage Blees-o-tron,"TL;DR The game is fun, but pay attention when it says it found/couldn't find a beat when you know it shouldn't/should. As compared to other user-supplied music games, this one is the most like DDR/Guitar Hero, so proper beat location is important.Music test so far:Monster Killer - TheEnigmaTNG. I picked a recent addition to my library with a solid, obvious beat. Game performs as intended.Honor Thy Father - Dream Theater. Dream Theater is my ""how good is the algorithm"" go-to. The game helpfully told me that it could not find a 4/4 beat, which is accurate. The fallback algorithm performed well.Panic Attack - Dream Theater. I like this song, so I gave it a go, even after I did the stress test. Oddly enough, it said that it found an acceptable beat, which Panic Attack definitely doesn't have, and the gameplay showed it. I'm a little disappointed.Feathers (Original Mix) - Archie. In Audiosurf, this is my favorite go-fast song. Reds practically all the way. Here, it was not fast all the way. Accurate beats, and it was still fun.Sound of Silence - Disturbed. I had to run a slow song test, and I recently discovered this excellent cover. Seriously, go listen to it. When the song was really going, the algorithm's adherance to the vocals was great, but in the slow parts, it was a bit patchy. The revelation that ""slow songs are a bit boring"" is not really news to fans of other music games.Overall, I'm glad that there is a rhythm game that is really trying to hit the beat accurately. Even Audiosurf is a bit loose with the beat. It's not perfect, but it is very fun.Still holding out for iTunes playlist integration. Then again, I'm holding out for that in Audiosurf 1/2, Symphony and Beat Hazard, so there's that."
,Recommended,270210,15018247,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Ruby 💝,"Melody's Escape is an amazing rhythm game that has easily earned its spot in my favorites.+ Hypnotizing visuals+ Steam Workshop (there are A LOT of skins/hairstyles to choose from)+ Difficulty settings. 4 preset difficulties, and a custom mode!+ Played all kinds of different music without a problem (It even played the 1-hour mixes I threw at it!)-In-game V-Sync is kind of broken, but this was easily fixed by using a control panel for the V-Sync.If you're still on the fence about buying this, just look at my hours and ask yourself if that's worth the price. ^_^Spoiler:It's definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,270210,26459229,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Crimson Dale,"I played the game long enough for me to write this honest review. When this game was released in Steam Store, I was very happy that it made it past Steam Greenlight after waiting for months to be fully developed. Icetesy delievered it very well and done with several updates and fixes to make this game 100% complete.This game achieved three major elements for making this game look unique: Originality, Style, and Asthetics.It reminds me of a combination of DDR and Audio Surf, with the additional of parkour moves. Remember the time when you were in a long road trip as a kid and you imagine there was an imaginary person running alongside with you, doging obstacles? I guess that's how the developers got that inspiration from. That idea made this game came to life.With the Steam Workshop added for the game, you can customize your fabulous runner girl and the background color scheme you prefer to keep the game decorative and appealing.I enjoy the option of playing your own music from your desktop library, and it is great game to discover and explore  music that you like to hear more. I'm already a fan of techno/EDM music before, and now, I'm listening more and more songs of all kinds of music such as Trance, House, Retro-synthwave, or anything electronic bascially. The songs I tried out with this game works fantastic, and the pacing of the songs stays in sync with the intesity of the game speed along with the beat and sound.$10 is totally worth buying at a high price. I would recommend to anyone who is fan of rhythm games, and the option to play whatever music they have in their computer."
,Recommended,270210,13920066,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mailboss,My first Perfect run was on the Russian National Anthem.10/10
,Recommended,270210,9282021,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Suyooo,"Even in this early stage, Melody's Escape is a great game. It feels to me like the generated level is far more influenced by the music than in similar games like AudioSurf or 1... 2... 3... KICK IT!, which might just be because the gameplay is more connected to the rhythm of the song than AS's puzzle mechanics or Kick It's city generation. It reminds me more of ""classic"" rhythm games like BeatMania instead of other music-based procedural generation games (that's a word).If you've got a couple of minutes, there's more thoughts on the game in this video, including what is missing from the game in it's current form, and why it is really hard to get used to the game at first:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkDBVkFjnQc"
76561198006413390,Recommended,270210,17315008,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,woosk,"A very simple game that can read FLAC, MP3, OGG, or WMA(Music only, no video) music files that I have in my computer (Can't comment on AAC or other music files that might be available). The game assigns the level design based on the rhythm and tune of the music track you choose, and gameplay involves pressing the correct button combinations and analog stick movement when using gamepad controller while playing the music file. Melody's hair will change colour upon passing each button or movement prompt successfully and the game assigns a score depending on how long and difficult is the track and how many successful prompts did the player manage while playing the music file.In addition to having the freedom to choose any music file in the listed formats that can be used in the game and having a very challenging and difficult game based on a music tune that is fast and catchy or an easier game based on a music tune that is slower and more melodic, the game allows Workshop items to further customize Melody's hairstyle and appearance, as well as the nice feature to broadcast your favourite music tracks to your family members or friends.Overall, highly recommended if you have a lot of music files in your computer, and if played with a gamepad controller."
,Not Recommended,270210,9421467,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Timmy the Duck Thief,"All of my Steam friends probably know that I love rhythm games. And games with pretty colors. This game has (or claims to have) both.Before I start, please note this is the Early Access version. Things can change in the future, I'll try to change my review later.So, why am I not recommending Melody's Escape? Because this game actually doesn't have both things I love. Reasons:1) Rhythm detection just doesn't work for most songs. Most songs were discarded when I tried it (which means almost all random beats), just a few of them had confidence over 40%. And probably only 1 over 70%.2) Even if confidence is higher, you are pressing buttons outside of beats in most cases. Or you expect to press the same keys when music repeats, but no - they are mostly different and you easily miss a button because of this.3) When you miss a button which is related to an obstacle, you die and respawn in a few seconds. This is bad. Especially when beat detection isn't the best, because this means you are dying too often.It really isn't fun to watch the screen sometimes for 10 seconds (mostly less, but yes, this can happen too if there's a really long slide or jump) without being able to do anything. I want to play, not wait until I respawn.4) Putting beats right after you jump and land is awful. You have pretty much a few milliseconds to react. No. This is bad.5) Difficulty. Relaxing is too easy and boring (no, pressing the same button for a few minutes isn't relaxing, sorry), normal is sometimes too hard (but that's mostly because of weird beats).6) The game looks pretty on screenshots, but it gets boring really fast. At least change the background more often. Just look at Audiosurf - there's always something cool to see. Do it like that.7) Blur. This is a big no in a rhythm game. I need to see clearly what is coming.I really wanted to like Melody's Escape. I will definitely give it a try in the future, but it's a thumb down from me for now."
,Not Recommended,270210,33186151,Posted: 3 July,all,Gia_P11,"It's not that it's a bad game per se, but it only recognizes Latin alphabet in the music library. 80% of my songs are in my language. So all I see is squares, I can't choose a song. For me, this is a really bad blind spot for a game based on using the player's own files."
,Recommended,270210,19310817,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"Pros:~Tight controls,anytime you do a mistake you feel like it's your own fault.~Beautiful graphics,very minimalistic but bright and colorful at the same time without distracting you.~It syncs up to the music almost perfectly.~Very addictive and a great timekiller,you can waste an hour or more and barely notice.Cons:~Eye bleeding,when Melody starts rollin' it can get tough to focus on button inputs.It gave me a bit of a headache after a while but the game is still in early access.7,5/10 Gonna play ""Run Nancy(aka Freddy's theme)""with Melody again!"
,Recommended,270210,23150276,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,lolly12252,"Melody's Escape is quickly becoming one of my favorite rhythm games, beaten only by the original Audiosurf.Pros:+ Challenging, includes several difficulty levels and supports custom difficulties+ Good track generation for all different types of music+ Mod support makes changing characters, hairstyles, and color schemes very simple+ Supports calibration to account for audio or visual latency+ Nice visual style+ InexpensiveCons:- Visuals can hurt the eyes after a few hours- Backgrounds lack much variety, although this is pretty minor, as you won't really be paying much attention to them anyways.- No online leaderboards as of May 2016"
,Recommended,270210,10155861,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,spooky kitten🎃,"This is probably the only game I will ever give a real review for and all I have to say is...Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ best rhythm game I've ever played.It's an early access game and costs $9.99, but it is definitely worth the money.Setting up your music is extremely user friendly and simple, no annoying syncing.Regardless of music genre the game adapts to the beat and rhythm and you definitely do not get repetitive like some other rhythm games out there. Also, highly recommend you play with a controller rather than keyboard (unless you like the challenge--either way you're insane if you do that)tl;dr: buy the damn game if you are into rhythm games, highly recommend10/10 would space jam again."
,Recommended,270210,23909706,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Syntax Error,"Melody's Escape is another entry into the ""Play Your Music"" genre, this time as a visually attractive side-scrolling runner where both the track and obstacles are planned based on your song's tempo, rhythm and notes.  Melody walks, jogs, runs or flies depending on the relative tempo of the music and you'll tap buttons to the music in order to control her jumps and slides as she collects colored orbs.The music analyzer and track generator are pretty sharp and Melody will make soaring leaps on upward notes, slide down hills to downward beats and make dramatic slow-motion flips during pauses.  As it builds the track, it tells you what it detected musically ranging from a steady 4/4 beat to ""Energy Peaks"" when it has trouble detecting the song structure (still fun if not as spot-on).  Even on ""Relaxing"" mode, the game keeps you busy with constant movement -- made easier by only needing a single color per movement speed.  On higher levels, you'll be expected to work all four colors on your controller constantly and then mix your direction pad into it.Melody's Escape is a fun way to spend some time, made better by the surprisingly accurate music analyzer.  Since you're likely playing songs of ~3-5min length, it's an entertaining way to spend some time without getting too involved.  A few minor criticisms may be that it lacks any sort of leaderboard and some people may have musical tastes incompatible with the analyzer depending on how non-traditional your music structure is, leading to less impressive tracks.  Still, this has been the best game for ""playing my music"" I've encountered yet."
76561198090924854,Recommended,270210,15409943,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Amy,"Definitely a great game, for both casual people who would like to play their music, to medium gamers who would like a challenge (but not too crazy), to hardcore players who want to have their eyes bleed ;)I would like to point out the the slow motion on drops is amazing. Makes it so cinematic."
,Recommended,270210,28582914,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Readfones,I just got the game today and I think I've seen enough to know what I think of it.AmazingTry playing : Alan Walker - FadeYou will see what I mean.
,Recommended,270210,23149402,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zimurox,10/10 I had a great time playing this game(and cried a bit).--Favorite Songs So Far--Coldplay - Fix You <<(The culprit)Capital Cities - Safe and SoundEllie Goulding - Love Me Like You DoAC/DC - Highway To HellBeastie Boys - Brass MonkeyChevelle - Send The Pain BelowImagine Dragons - Radioactive
,Not Recommended,270210,32714382,Posted: 23 June,all,IOUS D,"METALHEADS, YE BE WARNED.I recently began playing 'Audiosurf 2' and have been enjoying it tremendously. 'Melody's Escape' therefore seemed to be up my alley, but its rhythm seems very off and the duration between various inputs oddly protracted, especially for metal, pushing me from immersion into severe boredom and mathematical wanting. As a pattern of behaviour, I do not typically write reviews, but for anyone out there looking for a high octane button-mash fest for their screaming Behemoth files or really anything heavy, stick to 'Audiosurf 2'.P.S. Beyond my personal experience with my taste in genre, I still feel that the timing is irregular and breaks any flow one may try to attain. Hopefully others out there can enjoy it, but I cannot recommend it."
76561197967692485,Recommended,270210,24613333,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,^___^,"As a gaming experience,Melody's Escapeis somewhat limited, clearly not playing in the same field as runners such asGeometry Dashand the likes.However, as an ""interactive visualizer"" for your music, it is in fact pretty awesome. The (sadly few) bundled tracks are excellent and quite fun to play, and you can indeed use any of your own tracks - a variety of formats is supported - and see how they turn out. Literally anything works (I even tested some rather complex contemporary classical), but the best experience will undeniably come from modern amplified/electronic genres which allow the game to easily synchronize to a steady 4/4 beat. Failing this, the alternative detection method (""energy peaks"") will produce a mixed bag of results, not necessarily uninteresting but with a more unpredictable connection to the audio cues in your songs.Worth it as long as you take it for what it is - not quite a proper game, but a rather elegant interactive visualizer. Workshop support is pretty rad too."
,Recommended,270210,30630888,Posted: 20 March,all,DankLink,"After giving it quite a bit of thought, I would recommend Melody’s Escape, but not for everyone. As a long time fan of DDR, Deemo, and other rhythm games, the selling point for me on this one was the fact that you can use your own music. I believe I bought this on sale for around $5, which definitely factored into my decision to try it out. I’ll start by listing some pros and cons before giving final comments.PROS:-Being able to use your own music-Relatively active mod community-Relaxing and good for spending a spare 15-30 minutes-GREAT original soundtrackCONS:-There seems to be a widespread issue of motion-blur induced headaches. Initially I experienced this as well, and it was almost worth not playing. However, I noticed that this is an issue only experienced the first few times you play. Afterwards, at least for me, this problem vanished.-Difficulty, or lack thereof. I initially was expecting a punishing game that would take me quite some time to get decent at. However, once you get used to the controls, there’s really not much difficulty, even on the “overload” setting. Again, for some people this is a good thing; it just depends on what you’re expecting. A major component of this is the fact that you can’t “fail” a song.-Depending on which song you use, there can be some extremely, extremely poorly synched portions. Maybe we could count this as “pseudo difficulty”. Not my idea of enjoyable difficulty, but maybe for those who also feel that the port of Dark Souls adds an additional layer of extreme.-Feels more like a game you have on your phone to play while taking the subway than one you’d play on your pc.Conclusion:While the list of cons seems lengthy and quite problematic relative to the pros list, I’d have to give this a thumbs up just based on how much I’ve played it. Was it the the game I expected? Absolutely not. Is it one that I find myself playing again and again, despite the problems? Absolutely. Like I mentioned above, I don’t really consider this a pc game as much as one I’d have on my phone or tablet. In fact, I don’t even have this downloaded on the side of my pc with my usual games, but on the schoolwork side. I play it as a way to kill time in between classes, or when taking a small break from homework. And given that I’ve spent more than 10 hours on it, I’d say it’s worth buying for me personally based on the “$1 to one hour of play” rule."
,Recommended,270210,23227729,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Rafael M.,"Developed by the Belgium devs from Icetesy, ""Melody's Escape"" comes with a premise to offer a fun game that generates platformer levels using any music (or audio file) you have on your PC. Supporting formats like MP3, OGG, WMA, FLAC, iTunes®, and even some video files, this game can read almost any track.But where ""Melody's Escape"" stands above other procedural rhythm games like Audiosurf, Riff Racer or even Crypt of the NecroDancer? The audio detection algorithms of this game are based on notes/vocals detection, instead of beat detection, like the other games previously mentioned. Music compass plays a big role here too. While the levels synchronize perfectly with a tempo of 4/4, it goes great too with tunes far from the traditional, like Dream Theater and Soundgarden.Above all things mentioned, “Melody’s Escape” is a joy to play. Yes, the gameplay it’s pretty simple: just run to the music track and try to beat your own score (no leaderboards included), but it’s also fun as hell. You can easily lose track of time playing this game, and there’s always a new song to try and some neat surprises I won’t spoil to you.For a better experience and to avoid eye strain and headaches that some people experience, remember to turn off the blur and zoom out the playfield (75% instead of 100% is perfect), on the options menu. Have fun!PROS:*Plays well with keyboard and controller*Can read almost any audio and video track*Satisfying gameplay*Steam Workshop support for skins and color schemes*You can make it relaxed or tense as you want - 4 difficulty levelsCONS:*No leaderboards*No multiplayer (would be a blast if this had co-op)"
,Not Recommended,270210,23149563,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Kenji,"DO NOT PLAY IF YOU'RE A MUSICIAN.I personally find this game both entertaining and frustrating. I wasn't sure whether or not to vote up or down.PROS:Intriguing graphicsMostly good gameplayComes with musicOption to watch a computer-controlled AI go through the level perfectlyCONS:Rhythm-based gameplay is EVER SO SLIGHTLY off. I'm not even mindlessly ranting either. I'm the percussion section leader, so I know what I'm talking about. The ""advanced algorithms"" are good, but sometimes they're not quite precise. There always seems to be an annoyingly slight delay on when I should actually be pressing the buttons in order to get 5 hearts.In conclusion, it still feels like an early access game. It needs a bit of tweaking."
76561197993891197,Recommended,270210,18354617,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"When it comes to “use your own music” games, Steam’s been noticeably lacking something a bit more like a traditional rhythm game, especially since Rhythm Zone got pulled and Stepmania isn’t on Steam. Melody’s Escape fills this void.It’s a visually impressive game, I’ll give it that; but it’s Early Access, and it’s just very, very barebones at the moment. What you see in the trailer is all you’re getting: you’re an iPod model running across silhouetted terrain and hitting notes in time to the music. You get teleported to one of four psychedelic environments depending on the music’s level of intensity. If you crank up the difficulty, you’ll need to use twin-stick controls to hit different types of notes separately: one stick to navigate terrain, and the other to collect colored orbs. The harder modes can be quite frustrating if you’re not the ambidextrous type, and personally I opted to stay on a lower skill level that didn’t make me have to keep stopping to think about which stick I needed to use. You’re scored based on how many notes you hit, how well you hit each individual note, and how long you held streaks for multipliers.(Note: if you’re impressed with the part in the trailer where she flies, you should know that they cut out that mechanic and replaced it with something else).There are some interesting customization features. You can customize the skin of your character, or search Steam Workshop for player-created skins. You can also customize your own difficulty level with a surprising number of options.And that’s basically it. There are no leaderboards yet, and not a lot of variety to the levels. There are no unlockables, no powerups, and no level progression. But what’s there is very solid and bug-free, the beat detection and level generation is suitably forgiving and works well enough, not to mention that it all just looks so awesome. Seeing as though it’s an Early Access game, I’m giving it a tentative thumbs-up; if you want a classic DDR / Guitar Hero experience generated by your own music, this is for you. If you like what you see, at least give it a follow so you can see if anything becomes of this project."
,Recommended,270210,29318622,Posted: 17 January,all,『MinimanXC』,"I don't normally write reviews for games but I had to make an exception to this one. I got this game for $3.50+ during a sale and I honestly don't regret it. I'd recommend you get this game during a sale as a $10 price tag isn't exactly my definition of worth.The base game in itself has a few original songs which have a nice tune to them and character customization, that's all. The mechanics/controls for this game isn't hard, it's just your arrow keys and WASD. The game is also not graphically demanding so if you own a low specs PC you're A-Okay!What makes this game so appealing then?-  Well, if you're weeb trash like me, you can download all the weeb songs you can find, save them under your ""Music"" Folder and be able to play your songs in game. If you're not weeb trash then you can download whatever mainstream/hipster music you're in to, it's all cool.-  The other cool aspect of this game is the customization. Sure you may have the default stuff that comes with the game but, you can also download stuff of the Steam Workshop and use that as your in game character. There is even a Robbie Rotten Character in the Workshop so get your meme game on.All in all, this game is a good game if you're into rhythm/music games and it really serves as a game you play during your downtime. 100 Hours of Overwatch/TF2/Witcher/Skyrim/Whateveryourichkidsplay and you're burned out? Don't worry fam, Melody's Escape has got your back! It's also a game you can load up when you're bored or when your friends ditch you. Who needs friends am I right? *cries alone*TL ; DR: Get this game during a sale, it's fun and you won't regret it. (You can always refund, not like this game forces you to invest over 2 hours into it or anything)"
76561198060327406,Recommended,270210,23128542,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nelsonwelson,"I have an immense amount of respect for anyone who can play this game on the hardest difficulty.Also, to all those people complaining about songs not syncing properly, the game tells you how confident it is about the song you selected, and yes, it's not the best way around the problem, but it definitely helps."
76561198025301599,Recommended,270210,14350938,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"Being an old fart who played almost all Rhythm games since Bust a Move (Bust a Groove) on PS1, i would say this game is very good. actually the best from the (play your own music) games. the gameplay consists of colored buttons that appear in the air (colors matches the buttons on the xbox controller) and arrows that appear on the ground, on the easier difficulties you can use the arrows to hit both ground and air notes, or just the buttons to hit all notes. if you choose intense or higher then the buttons will be used for air notes and arrows for ground notes.+ Graphics are good and the whole atmosphere is great with the rain and the colors..etc.+ Solid gameplay, with difficulties to suit your skill level.+/- Soundtrack, depends on what music you listen to :D+ note generator works great so far with the tracks i played.+ plays many audio formats (MP3, M4a,Ogg, even aif files)Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,270210,16635643,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,genoforprez,"[EARLY ACCESS REVIEW]Last date played: 4/17/2016There are definitely some things to like about Melody's Escape, and maybe with some more tweaking and pruning it could carve out a comfy niche for itself in this genre, but its current form still feels like an idea that is not yet fully realized. The game pairs the rhythm platforming of Bit.Trip Runner with the 4x4 split button configuration of Before The Echo (formerly known as ""Sequence"").Here is a breakdown of the good/bad as I currently see it:PROS:You can use your own tracks. The game imports and generates courses VERY quickly.You can adjust how difficult a course you want the game to generate, from a relaxing/casual one to an intensely difficult one.Already a small community of modders building some nice alternate skins for the game/character.If you miss a beat or hit an obstacle, you do not instantly fail and have to start over (cf. Geometry Dash) nor do you have to go all the way back to the last predetermined checkpoint (cf. Bit.Trip Runner). It's more like Guitar Hero or Audiosurf where you just stumble and take a huge hit to score, but the level keeps on rolling. This is a HUGE plus that feels currently missing among the major rhythm platformers, so I appreciate this quite a lot.If you manage to get a long streak going, you feel really good. Like a ninja or something. There is a caveat to this, however, which I'll mention in the con list.CONS:The game doesn't have a lot of visual cues to indicate the rhythm, and it isn't 100% clear where the hit zone is for the beats. You can rely on your own sense of rhythm, but I feel the game currently does not do enough to visually represent beats. (Maybe have the button cue icons throb / pulsate to the beat or something?)The generated beats can feel very boring. No matter how complex the rhythm of whatever song you're playing, Melody's Escape will always churn out a vanilla 4/4 beat. Thump, thump, thump, thump. No real rhythmic complexity.The simple 4/4 beats, combined with not being super sure where the hit box is, combined with a lack of beat visualization, combined with the 4x4 split button config, makes songs with fast beats feel less like you are tapping buttons to a rhythm and more like you're furiously mashing buttons in a game of One Finger Death Punch (still feels awesome to get a long streak, but doesn't necessarily feel like you're in rhythm with the song).In higher difficulties (medium and higher) the game is prone to just throwing a huge barrage of really fast 4/4 notes at you, which feels less like bobbing to a distinct rhythm and more like a non-stop drum roll. Again, it can feel nice in a ninja sort of way, but not very rhythmic. I think the 4x4 split button config somewhat contributes to this, since it forces the player to concentrate more on which button they are pressing, which distracts them from the beat---especially on fast songs.The game feels like it very much overuses hold notes.The 4x4 split button config is nice. I really liked it in Before The Echo (aka Sequence) and it can work wel here, too, but the button cues are currently too weird. The arrow cues are way too small and hard to quickly register. They need to be much bigger and more distinct. The ABXY button cues are a great size, but their shapes are too similar, and they are only partially color coded. Button cues could be significantly improved.Would be nice to have more variety in the generated levels. You're basically just playing the same level, with the same obstacles, and the same colors, forever. It would be nice if, down the road, there were some options to choose different levels with different obstacles types and different visualization/color schemes etc.The levels sometimes initiate ""speed up"" or ""slow down"" sections at weird times or put them in places where it doesn't feel like they belong.It's still in Early Access and it seems promising. There is a kernel of something here that I definitely like. It just doesn't quite feel fully realized yet. I hope to update this review at a later date with a ""recommended"". I'll keep my eye on it and my fingers crossed."
76561198108774777,Recommended,270210,23111523,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Korva,"I suck at this game,But I can listen to my favorite music while I suck!"
,Recommended,270210,13114292,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Leonard,"I regret hesitating to buy this game for this long. It's totally worth its price. Beat detection is pretty good, especially with songs that has a ""running"" feeling in it. I've played Audiosurf (for a long time enough to unlock all achievements), Audiosurf 2, Beat Hazard, Rhythm Zone and Polynomial (which is a something I regret a lot); and so far I can safely say Melody's Escape is on par with Audiosurf's song-analysis, if not better.A ""must-play"" for all players who enjoy rhythm games, and something I'd mention to all my friends."
,Recommended,270210,13791579,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Verosan,This game actually works on all songs
76561198311981729,Not Recommended,270210,30743067,Posted: 25 March,all,Emdot,"It's fun. However, I'd recommend waiting to purchase this until either a utility is available to hand-annotate music and there's a large database of such annotations or the automatic algorithms get substantially better."
,Recommended,270210,20332494,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Princess Nami,"Best rhythm based game on steam in my opinionPros:+Very colorful+Lovely art style+Workshop content+Character customization+Can use your whole music library+Movement style is great, the way you traverse the level gives the game a very unique feel+Various levels of difficulty, including custom where you can tweak settings to adapt to your skill levelCons:-Can give eye strain easily-Depending on song, the light orbs (the things you have to hit) don't always match well to the songDownload Size: 185mbTrading Cards: 5 in the setAchievement Difficulty: Easy to 100%Hours to 100%: 8My Opinion:If you are looking for a great rhythm based game then this is for you, it is by far my favorite of the genre, audiosurf is less my thing. Just play in little doses, don't give yourselves a headache."
,Not Recommended,270210,25422682,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SpecterK,"There are a lot of things that I like about this game, and I really, really wanted to recommend it - but I just can't.The bottom line is this: the audio detection (the core game mechanic) is BAD, BAD, BAD. If it were merely average, or even just mediocre, my overall opinion would likely be different - but it really is that bad.It does a fine job of tracking the basic background rhythm of a song, but fails horribly when pitted against even the simplest of melodies. Even when testing with the most mundane 5-chord pop-radio double-digit tempo BS (barf) I could dig up, all non-rhythm segments of the gameplay quickly become totally out of sync with the audio; I'm talking about constant audio/visual offsets in the triple digit milliseconds when any amount of polyphony was present, not just audiophile nitpicks. In contrast with the 0-latency, spot-on simple beat tracking, this made the gameplay awkward and clumsy at best - but mostly just outright discordant.To clarify, this is not an issue of latency; the game interacts with (my) system audio output flawlessly - it just does a terrible job of translating the audio into visually-synchronous gameplay (orbs/obstacles). I found that the more attention I paid to the music, the worse I played - which is exactly the *opposite* of what I expect from a game of this sort. Calibration, while an awesome feature to have in this sort of game, is unfortunately useless if the audio algorithm cannot even track and synchronize significant components of an audio track individually... which it clearly cannot.As it currently stands, the game is a linear, strictly visually-cued sidescrolling twitch-platformer that very loosely incorporates the *most basic* rhythm of the user's soundtrack. If you were to take away the audio library option, this would simply be a better-looking clone of thousands of similar, free, flash games out there - plenty of which execute their intended gameplay better.With so many other excellent games in this genre out there, I can't get behind one that only works if you ignore the audio. Here's hoping this will be addressed by the development team in the future, in which case I'll happily revisit the game."
,Recommended,270210,26203954,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hibiscus Games,"This game is awesome, at the time of writing this I have played this game 6.5 hours, and it's still amazing.Pros-1. It's simple but amazing.2. Doesn't use a lot of space on your computer.3. The game never ends thanks to you being able to use your own mp3 files.4. It has a small but effective player customization.5. The game supports workshop.Cons-1. The game is a lot harder for colorblind people. (But people have made a mod for that, so that's good)2. Sometimes (Doesn't happen often) the game doesn't follow the song good. (Also depends on how good the song is in rhythm)That's all even with the 2 Cons which are really small, the game is amazing.I recommend the game to anyone that has a good sense of rhythm, and just to support the developers. (And maybe even get the game for your friends)10/10 Would follow the beat again."
,Recommended,270210,30118361,Posted: 23 February,all,Czarls - Tohru (Dragon Maid) ✪,I love this game. You can to use your own music which makes this game so much better. Fun game to just relax or like me grind the achievements
76561197967039541,Recommended,270210,23206065,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FIREHAVEN,"First of all I recommend to play this game with a controller.It is much easier and healthier for your wrist.It is possible and manageable with the keyboard but playing it for a longer time on keyboard can hurt your wrist. ;-))The modification of the Melody protagonist is nice.Especially when you use the Steam Workshop.There are many options and possibility to modify her. It's totally worth checking out.The really big plus point is that you can use your own music.You can choose every song from your own music library / playlist.Using my own music library I can confirm that you can use all kind of music genres as long as the song is not monotonously.The best songs to use are those which are more diversified - in pace, volume, singing, etc...It can happen that in some songs that a slow motion effect occure - this looks awesome.[For instance: in the song ""Now or Never"" by Nano - it looks great]There is already a guide with song recommendations but at the end I will show you some songs which fit good in this game or which doesn't fit. (Based on my personal taste.)At this moment I only have 2 1/2 negative points:- After a while the gameplay gets too repetitive.This can cause that the game gets boring after a while.Don't play it too much in a row - only with enough breaks in between.- It could use more variety of backgrounds [For example:  more pictures, moving landscapes and objects; explosions??:-)].I also think it could be more flashy.- For some songs the game doesn't adjust to the pace of the song.But I think this can be explained because not every song is made for this game.Songs that fit good in this game:Nano - Now or NeverAudrey Horne - Out of the CityGerm - Cold Grey Dawn (A New Beginning)Pendulum - Hold Your ColorPendulum - WhitchcraftPendulum - Blood SugarWagakki Band - SenbonzakuraFleshgod Apocalypse - And The Vulture Beholds (Orchestral Version)Fleshgod Apocalypse - And The Vulture Beholds (Normal Version)Autumn's Dawn - The Ashes of a LifeBeartooth - Beaten in LipsArch Enemy - Yesterday is Dead and GoneGhost Bath - Golden NumberBabymetal - Ijime Dame ZettaiGarbage - S*x is not the EnemyGarbage - Push ItBody Count - B*tch in the PitCerebral Bore - Entombed in Butchered BodiesQueen - I Want to Break FreeQueen - Bohemian RhapsodyWagakki Band - Setsuna TripSongs that partially fit good in this game:Body Count - Wanna be a GangsterChthonic - Quell the Souls in Sing Ling TempleAnathema - Fragile DreamsSongs that doesn't fit in this game:Cannibal Corpse - Hammer Smashed FaceBad Religion - No ControlCerebral Bore - The Bald Cadaver"
,Recommended,270210,15847620,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Setto,"SummaryMelody's Escape best represents rhythm synthesizer that generates various movement keys depending on the theme and digital nature of your favorite songs. The environment is always altered between each song you choose so everything is fairly different and randomized. As such since this is a rhythm game, a lot of the gameplay is created based on the music's movement. Some parts of a song can jump from being very fast paced to having a sudden drop in movement.GameplayAll of this is represented in the terrain and pace of the gameplay as it plays out by having our main character Melody doing forms of sprinting, sliding, jumping, gliding and diving whenever you properly tap or hold down the appropriate movement keys (WASD or arrow keys). This fills your star count and begins accumulating points or none at all for yourself depending if you hit directly on a beat at the right time, barely, in-between or miss. The longer you can go without missing a beat, the higher score you'll earn yourself once the song finishes whereas missing will simply reset your beat count back to zero.The mechanics are very simple to understand and may seem rather effortless at first but eventually once you get a hold of the controls you'll eventually adapt and realize that aside from arrow movement keys, there's also cones pointing in certain directions as well. They're are dependent on whether you can press either WASD keys at the right times similar to the arrow keys. So, you're controlling not only one set of controls but a pair now.Lower difficulties (relaxing and medium) require the use of up to four keys from one set of controls which allow for a more casual and relaxing experience whereas higher difficulties rotate between both sets of controls, using cones (WASD) and pointers (arrow keys) which can really set the difficulty to another level as it'll challenge your ability to multitask by focusing not only on the rapidly, rotating cones and pointers but being engrossed in the music itself (the keys for cones and pointers are customizable).Speed also plays an important factor as you can miss a tap or two simply because the screen can sometimes just dive headfirst into a sudden burst of movement when you're attempting to focus on the next set of keys. There's a custom mode where you can decide on what keys and what type of movement you want in a song which allows for everyone's different play styles and more freedom to listening and playing alongside your favorite songs.Visuals/Steam WorkshopThe game has a very basic color palette whenever Melody travels through generated levels consisting of cliffs, plains and hills. The shapes and geometry is highlighted in the background as black but the colors themselves (green, pink, blue and yellow) are seen in the movement keys. Whenever you tap a key at the appropriate time, Melody will do a specific feat based on where she's headed and the color represented will radiate alongside her flowing hair.There are alternate hairstyles and outfits for Melody from her default but since modding is supported here, you can also choose to customize various outfits for her, different color themes for the environment and interface as well as unique skins which can entirely transform Melody into a different character you want to play as. This allows you to customize what you want and it's a welcoming sight for more personal freedom. Currently, this is the far extent of using mods in Melody's Escape.Tempo and ImpairmentHowever, sometimes when you attempt to sync with some songs, you may notice that there's a certain tempo diagnosis before you start a song. These range from having no tempo at all, poor, good or excellent. This detects and tells you whether or not the music file you've chosen won't flow as well or have synced movement which can break some immersion in certain parts of the song.Another thing to note is rather important and may have an effect on some people as the game can go absurdly fast at times. Certain songs, specifically the upbeat ones can lead to dizziness or eye strain due to focusing on keys that fly by and a constantly evolving screen. Those are the two major factors that have occurred in my experience so far and this is a simple warning to those who can't handle that.Final ThoughtsMelody's Escape is very enjoyable for an early access and proves to be a simple, yet colorful, unique experience that can certainly enhance your favorite songs for you to be immersed in and playing alongside every beat. Aside from possible simulation stress that can occur, the game is flawless and is simply something you would enjoy in a rhythm game based on your musical preferences."
,Recommended,270210,14202264,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jamagotchi,"This game is like if Audiosurf met bit.trip Runner. The gameplay is similar to Runner in that your character moves at a fixed speed and you need to avoid obstacles by pressing buttons on the beat of the song, but, like Audiosurf, it's made using your own songs.Things I liked:Levels created quickly from MP3s -- short load time (unlike Rhythm Zone)Nice graphics without being overwhelmingComfortable difficulty""Easy to learn, hard to master""Things I didn't:Sometimes the button presses seemed a little off-beatI wish you could increase the difficulty without changing the button configurationNo title screen music?Overall a good game, but some kinks that are still being worked out, I guess."
,Recommended,270210,15619276,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Inkie,"Oh my god, did I seriously just play all the way through Worlds in one sitting? I did,  and it was amazing.Alright, so here's a list of pros and cons of this game:Pros:*Very smooth controls. Anytime you mess up, you feel like it's your own fault.*Beautiful graphics. Very minimalistic, it manages to be bright and colorful without distracting you.*It matches up to the music almost perfectly.*Very addictive, you can easily lose an hour or more and barely notice.Cons:*MOTION. BLUR. When the speed picks up, it can get tough to focus on each direction. It gave me a bit of a headache after a while. This is really my only complaint however.Stray Observations:*I love the slow motion jumps that pop up occasionally. Very cinematic.*I like that you can customize Melody a bit, however it still feels very limited. Honestly, I wouldn't mind if they don't add any more options, but it would be nice if they did.*I like to imagine I'm a rebel on the run from a dystopian government. I dunno why, it just seems fitting.All in all, great game! I'd recommend it to anyone."
76561198008204201,Recommended,270210,27488942,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Popo,"Any game that lets me play to a beat of my own music is just simply awesome.Honestly I feel bad I got this on sale, this game deserves a full price purchase ;P"
76561198008783350,Recommended,270210,23173747,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Nilson,"Played for about a few minutes. Discovered I didn't actually have music in my music folder.Ran around the house trying to find old CDs.Found Dragon Force's Inhuman Rampage from the year 1936 [2006]Popped in CD.Melody doesn't stop flying.Through the Fire and the Flames is for once not the hardest song in a rythm game [BLASPHEMY! Thoughprobably because it's not techno/electronic. oh well.] (NOTE: this is on the hardest difficulty. I just picked this game up about a few hours before purchasing it)Melody gains super powers from Dragonforce or something. Because in their music, there are many cases where she DOES NOT STOP FLYING. [Except for through the Fire and the Flames. Only sometimes she stops flying in that one. Sometimes.] Make it better, a lot of themes Dragon Force uses in some of their music is flying freely. Glorious!!City for Eternity gets really hard at the end though, though it's late enough into the song that messing up there doesn't entirely matter.This game is awesome, and I would recommend it for anyone who loves rhythm and music. I don't usually have my own rhythm and music games, and after picking this one up, I had to share!"
,Recommended,270210,26119056,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Nima,it was one of the best my purchasesand recalls  :when i was youngerwhen I hadnt many problemswhen i liked pop and techno musicwhen the world was beautiful and kind . . .simple just relax and play ...........
,Recommended,270210,33052653,Posted: 30 June,all,Stefneh,"It's a great game if you're any good at it!(Which i'm not!)Melody's Escape seems like a lot of fun, and I know it is. But there are people that are good at crazy face-paced games like Super Hexagon and Intralism, and then there's people like me. Knowing people who are really good at fast-paced games and have played this, I know that it's a very enjoyable game. It's not up there for me personally, but it's a good one none the less.I personally really enjoy the ""music driven"" genre of games and I have come to realise that I prefer the ones that can really engross you into the music, making it feel like part of the game, rather than an accessory to the game in the background or some such. Because i'm bad at this particular genre of game I was so busy concentrating on what colours were what or what buttons to push that I couldn't fully appreciate the music. If you're good at games like this, I think this one would be a great one for you.I bought this on sale and I doubt I will play it all that much but I consider it worth it for the song in the trailer alone. I really like that tune.All and all this game is bright, casual and fun. I couldn't get far enough to see how intense it gets but I can imagine that it gets quite intense."
,Recommended,270210,20985140,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,LuckyRoot,"Probably the best rhythm game I've played so far. Melody's Escape takes such an innovative approach to rhythm game genre. It combines music, speed, action, characterization, and beauty into one. Join Melody, a character customizable to your taste through either basic customization or workshop mods, as she ventures through the rhythmic paths your music creates. Melody's Escape will enrinch your experience of enjoying your very own choice of music. The fact that the game depends on your music library means it can provide limitless variety of gameplay.Some people have pointed out that the game causes eye strain and the music synchronization can sometimes be a bit off. However, there now exists an option in the game that gets rid of the aspect that causes the eye strain, and the music synchronization in my opinion has now become very stable to the point where it works almost perfectly for most of the music choices. Not to mention that the developer has been adding a variety of options that enables us to really customize the gameplay experience to our preference."
76561197994970446,Not Recommended,270210,15676671,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ScarletEmerald,"I have to say I'm disappointed.  I was expecting the game to be like Audiosurf in the sense that you had direct control over your character, and the levels were generated such that properly navigating the level resulted in you naturally pressing buttons in time with the music.  Instead, the game is more like Guitar Hero or DDR in that all you do is press buttons in time with visual and auditory cues- the player character and obstacles are essentially just decorations or visualizations.I would have much preferred to have full control of the character so that I could jump, slide, etc. as I chose (it would be fine to have character travel still be automatic and based on music tempo, though).  If this were done, the colored arrow indicators could even be removed, and the player could choose their inputs based just on the upcoming obstacles.As it is, I feel constantly frustrated since I'm making inputs that, in a platformer game, would cause me to clear the obstacles, but in this game, since I missed the cue timing, I crash."
,Recommended,270210,25686046,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,viad,"Melody’s Escape is a rhythm game with the ability to use your own music. At a glance, this game focuses more on timing button presses to notes on the screen, in contrast to games like Audiosurf where the music is less synchronized and tied together to the generated level. With a familiar yet unique twist on the typical rhythm game formula, Melody’s Escape provides excellent use of your music in its accurate and fun levels.The gameplay in Melody’s Escape is definitely inspired by several other games. The ability to use your own music brings to mind Audiosurf, and the action of pressing buttons to the music is seen in countless other rhythm games. Vib Ribbon and Bit.Trip Runner are the biggest influences in terms of gameplay mechanics and overall style, and it shows with the running action and obstacle dodging. There are two kinds of objects in each level, which are notes and obstacles. At easier difficulties, there is no real distinction between these two objects, but harder difficulties require dodging obstacles using another set of keys. For example, on a controller, notes would be pressed using the colored buttons and obstacles be done using the control stick. On a keyboard, WASD is used for notes and the arrow keys for obstacles using the default controls. It actually takes a while to get used to the controls in terms of timing and trying to dodge obstacles. At first it may feel difficult to manage pressing the right buttons, but over time it gets easier and this is where you start having fun with the levels. In addition to the default difficulties, there is also an option to create your own difficulty level using various settings to tune your own experience. The game does a great job detecting the beat of the song along with intensity changes and other key moments. This is reflected in the level with the placement of objects and how fast Melody is running. For the most part, the synchronization to the music is very good and makes for fun tracks to play using pretty much any song. Overall, Melody’s Escape plays like most standard rhythm games with a couple of unique features to play with. These new mechanics may take a while to get used to, but it’s rewarding to play through the well mapped levels that match quite closely to the current song.Using a predominantly vector art style, Melody’s Escape looks visually clean with its colors. Most of the game uses silhouettes along with a distinct color. The game does a fine job of color coding things with what button to press for a note or obstacle and showing what part of the song you are on. There are some visual effects such as glows or particles that don’t distract from the gameplay, which is pretty important when there’s a bunch of notes to press on the screen. Modding is supported for Melody’s Escape, enabling players to change character skins, hairstyles, and color schemes. The clean and smooth graphics are great to look at, and aren’t too distracting when playing through a song.Most music based games tend to create a level that loosely matches the song. Melody’s Escape goes for a more standard rhythm game where timing is important. The gameplay provides a similar style to most other games with some unique new features, and the levels are designed to be timed to the song with excellent results. As a whole, Melody’s Escape focuses on delivering solid rhythm gameplay, and it succeeds in being fun to play and listen to your own music."
76561198043285599,Recommended,270210,30843366,Posted: 30 March,all,Start_Running,"A Fun game that I just happen to suck atTHis is a rhythm game. Not onlike Guitar Hero, though here it's done in the vein of an endless runner. Honestly. it's a wonderful game. It's also a game I happen to suck at. Dear god do i suck at it. And yet, I am still having fun.The biggest draw of this is the ability to not only play the included soundtracks (which are pretty nice) but to also import any of your music tracks/files and have it used to genberate the level. Do this with care.Chances are that song you love will destroy you.BUt therein lies the greatest joy. YOu can play stages based off the music you like and see how well you do at the various difficulty settings. This lends the game a bit of replayability. Everysong is a different level. Every difficulty setting ups the challenge of the level. So far It seems to work quite well with every song.That said. If you're not big on music...or reflex based games. This game might not be your cup of  tea. The graphics are ina  word basic, and the core concept is somewhere between DDR and Guitar Hero. Otherwise. you're gonna have a blast.Now If you'll excuse me I'm going to make another attempt at 3-starring 'Particle Man'.(Yes I am that bad at the game.)"
,Recommended,270210,14719584,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Yūki,I love it when I play this game in front of people and I get looked at like if I was an alien.10/10 Would play overload in front of people again.
,Recommended,270210,13329049,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,乃木栄46,This is the second greatest female character running from left-to-right dodging obstacles in time with my music game I have ever played. The only thing stopping it from taking first place is its complete lack of wireframe bunny rabbit protagonists. I give this game 10 vibs out of 10 ribbons overall.
,Recommended,270210,25388436,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,✰Snowki★,"Its SUPER fast paced, SUPER fun, and its SUPER awesome that you can use your own music. It runs on anything, my terrible laptop runs it at a smooth 120 FSP throughout. The difficulty spike is kinda high between each difficulty, but I recommend perfecting one, then moving up~Design is stunning, and is well optimised for my VERY bad laptop. 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,29311061,Posted: 16 January,all,Blaker |,"Love this game, if you played audio surf or any other game that is based on your own music then you'll like this one for sure!"
,Recommended,270210,23110589,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,A Defective Kitty,"ME is a sort of side-scrolling Stepmania/DDR played with the keyboard. The premise is simple: choose a song (your own or from the selection the game comes with), and your character runs from left to right. Arrows appear, with the frequency determined by your song. Hit the proper button as your cursor passes over it, with some arrows requiring you to hold the key.There are four difficulties. The lowest allows you to press any key, while the higher ones differentiate between WASD and arrow keys, and can require you to use both throughout the song. The range means players of all skill levels can enjoy a casual experience or more intense play, though the harder difficulties can mess with dyslexics.The controls are simple, the aesthetic is clean and beautiful, the game works with pretty much any song, Steam Workshop makes the already pleasant visuals better, and the game is suited to both quick play or extended sessions. The game even unpauses with a timed delay to give you a chance to remember where you left off. The only potential issue with the game is the side-scrolling background. The movement has been known to cause motion sickness in players, but this can be alleviated by simply deactivating it."
76561198028392260,Recommended,270210,23268809,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Novocaine,"Ever feel like you just want to run away from it all, just put on your headphones and escape? This is the purpose of this elegant game. Melody's Escape provides a visual, fluent and oddly calming platform on which one can further ""feel"" the music one listens too. Melody's Escape isthatescape.+Pros++ The colours are beautiful, the colour scheme works perfectly in complementing the style of the game.+ Song analysis is pretty well developed, it works nicely. Guitar rifts, drums and long vocal note are represented perfectly. However, certain sections could be improve, but its very minor.+ Works with all types of music, from EDM to Death Metal. This leads to an infinite number of levels.+ Easy character customization (I made Miku in like 3 seconds :3 )+ A nice challenge curve. Start with relaxing, on a smooth song.+ Cheap as!+ You'll have moments when the level perfectly matchs the song...It's amazing.-Cons-- Menu screens can be a bit plain, but this could change as the game develops.- The change between the city backdrop to a grass/organic world? Kinda throws the theme a bit.- Mod maker not that simple- Motion sickness after a while, just look somewhere else after a bit.Melody's Escape is an amazing game and is definitely worth your time if you love your music.9/10"
,Not Recommended,270210,33164460,Posted: 2 July,all,Beamur14,"Prefix--One thing I would like people to be aware of is that the ""included songs"" that are provided with the game have had their tracks completely customized to provide the ""best looking experience"" for the game. I've tried playing the same songs that the game has from my own personal collection and the layout of the running track is completely different and doesn't line up like the provided ones.Review--Coming from playing audiosurf for quite a while and various other Rhythm games, I have to say that I am a little bit disappointed with this title. The concept is cool but the execution needs work. The rhythm algorithm can be decent sometimes but most of the time it just feels like a bit of a mashup of inputs with no real “sequence” behind them. The only inputs that line up the best I would say are the drum beats. There are cool moments when the stars align and everything seems to work together but in the short playtime I’ve had that only has happened once. I know not to expect perfection but there are other rhythm games out there that do a much better job."
,Recommended,270210,19872007,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Shady Boots,"I don't normally indulge in rhythm games. The only one I would say I frequently play and have somewhat become adept in is Cytus on my tablet. I stumbled upon this game while browsing early access titles on sale, and what intrigued me the most was A) the art style, and B) the fact that you play with songs from your own library. Mainly the latter. So I was pretty excited to pick it up.At first I was a little wonky, as per usual whenever I delve into a rhythm game for the first time. I was a bit disappointed that there was no real tutorial in the game, however. There is a ""how to play"" guideline that somewhat helps you get started, but I feel like a tutorial would have been a more hands-on experience. I certainly hope they'll add one in the future.But with that aside, once I got used to the controls, I had a lot of fun. A controller and keyboard are both viable methods of playing. It all comes down to your preferred play style and which would suit you the most. Personally I found both to be quite fun. You can also customize the difficulty, which I thought was handy. So if you ever think that the set difficulties are too easy or too hard, you can create one that's just right for you. It's quite impressive that the levels tailor themselves to whatever song you pick. One small detail that I really appreciated was, one of the songs I picked had a drop in it, and right before the drop there's this dramatic slow-motion sequence that I thought was really, really cool.If you're a rhythm game connoiseur, then you will DEFINITELY enjoy this game. Heck, even if you're not, like me, chances are you'll probably enjoy it too."
76561198139340931,Recommended,270210,23189599,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Optimeep Prime,"This game is the very definition of the feeling of wanting to run away from reality by listening to your favorite music.You literally run away while listening to music and jumping, ducking and flying through, over and under obstacles in intense rythm challenges. The graphics mesmerize the mind with it's colors and speed in the medium and harder difficulties.This game is also a great stress releaser in the relaxation mode when mashing one and the same button for a while before switching to another.I am not the greatest in rythm games but this one totally takes the cake for all that i've played and I could continue my pro's but then I have to make a much bigger list, let's not do that. ;)10/10 from me, very good game!"
,Recommended,270210,23423601,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bloo The Squid Squid,"This game is amazingly addictive. The tempo and synch for every song goes well with the beat and the transitions are smooth.Melody's Escape truly defines what it feels like to listen to your favorite song. A landscape full of sound and colors that change dynamically as the music gets intense or slow. A trip that seems endless, yet you want it to stay that way. In its pure glory, it really is a escape from reality and an immersive experience into the world of music. A place to free your mind and let the music take you away.If you've played color matching games in the past, you can't miss out on this one.I recommend a controller for the full experience.I think this game should win because... Reasons."
,Recommended,270210,11516876,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,This game hurts my eyes so bad but it's feels so good and awesome playing your music as you run free of everything I just don't care if I go blind *_*
,Recommended,270210,9276666,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Snoop,This game is really enjoyable to play! I really like the fact that I can chose my own music to play and each song has a different rhythm and not all the same unless you play the same song! I would recommend this game! Worth the price to me!
76561198125241813,Recommended,270210,16050472,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,melodysharm,"This game takes a little getting used to, but it gets easier. It's great for music-lovers who like to play to their own music, sort of like AudioSurf or Beat Hazard. The gameplay is interesting and the graphics are great. Some of the mods people have created make things more stylish.Very addictive for music/rhythym game lovers like me!"
,Recommended,270210,24560830,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,"If you need any system that can run music and you moving with the beat, this Is the game for you."
,Recommended,270210,30839953,Posted: 30 March,all,suh ❀,"I saw this on sale for 3€ and, after reading some reviews, I decided to buy it. Best decision ever. All what other people said about if you were one of the kids who imagined someone/something running outside of the car window then you are going to love it: completely true. It makes me feel a similar way (I still do it sometimes) and the fact that if plays any song you want is fantastic. Playing with controller and it's super fun. Let me tell you, I think I'd not buy it for the full price it is listed tho... but if you see it for like 5 or 6€ then I think it's super worth it. I love how I come on the PC after a long day and I play this game, select the song I'm in the mood for and simply relax and have some fun without having to think much since once you get the hang on the control and how the beat works it's great!"
,Recommended,270210,27413773,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hawkyn,"Fun as hell, but higher difficulties get pretty difficult depending on the song."
,Recommended,270210,31148381,Posted: 14 April,all,astralyte,"I had my eye on this game for ages, ever since I first searched for rhythm-based games on Steam that uses your own music and found the selection to be sorely lacking. I bought the few that seemed promising at the time - Audiosurf, Soundodger+, Beat Hazard, Symphony - but none of them succeeded in grabbing and keeping my attention for very long. Melody's Escape looked good but it was in beta for a very long time and I hesitated to try it without a sale to act as an incentive. Luckily for me, it went on sale a few months ago and I finally bit the bullet. I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.The mechanics of the game are really simple: choose the music you want to play to (the game comes bundled with a few songs as well), then choose a difficulty mode and start playing. Melody will run/jump/slide/fly at random and it largely depends on the song. Sometimes she'll also do these neat Matrix-style jumps where everything slows to a crawl for a brief instant. I find the syncronization to be pretty accurate as a whole, but I've never been super picky so your mileage may vary. You can also customize Melody's appearance-- there are several pre-existing options within the game and if you want something fancier, there's an array of user-created mods available in the community as well. (Side note: I'd recommend using a controller to play this game over using the keyboard!)The best part about any own music-based game is the fact that you're only limited by the amount of music you have in your library. There's no risk of being bored (or disappointed) with the music selection, or being forced to purchase additional tracks just to play a song you actually like. Most of the music I like will never be commercially available to play with, so I appreciate this freedom of choice.Granted, there are some drawbacks to this game. While I never experienced any motion-based headaches or nausea like some have reported, I do find that faster songs tend to put some strain on my eyes and things can start to blur together after prolonged gameplay. I definitely would not recommend playing this for extended periods of time. On the other hand, I find it really enjoyable to open this game up for 15-30 min of quick gameplay to unwind after a long day at work. It doesn't require much thought, and the presence of a relaxing mode means less pressure to play like a pro (and lower chance of royally sucking at the game).The fact that you choose your own music to play can also be a double-edged sword: though the music is of your own choice (and let's face it, whose music tastes are as good as your own?), this can often mean 4-6+ minutes of non-stop gameplay depending on the length of the song. I'm starting to think that part of what makes other popular rhythm games like Taiko no Tatsujin so fun to play is the fact that they purposely trim the songs into shortened versions to make it just long enough to be a challenge, yet not long enough for you to feel bored or frustrated. And trust me, it's frustrating when you screw up towards the end of a 5-min song and mess up what would otherwise have been a perfect streak. I'm far too lazy to edit songs just to use them in the game though, so I guess I'll have to put up with that.In a nutshell, I definitely would recommend this game. Just be mindful of the length of time you play -- and also the length of the song."
,Recommended,270210,13281300,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Duke Disco,"This game is the best ""use your own music"" rhythm game since Audiosurf.The gameplay is very in-sync with the music and a lot of songs can be pretty challenging.If you have a big music library then you will be busy for many hours.9/10."
76561198123004612,Recommended,270210,28894675,Posted: 1 January,all,XavierMMuller,"Love this little game, I think it is a good way towarm up those fingers before playing anything else, I like that you can load your own music and the character is customisable, the only small change I wish they had to the game, was for it scan your music library and show all your songs, currently you need to go into different folders to find songs, it would be nice to just have all your songs listed and have a search and playlist  function (like most media software, Winamp, WMP etc.). Besides that this is a really fun game and I enjoy playing it"
,Recommended,270210,23196935,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,/selttiksow/,"At first I was unsure if I should buy this game or not. It was on sale so i thought it wouldnt hurt and it turnes out that I made an amazing decision. This game is amazing it lets you play the game to your own music and is overall great for the price. To some this game might get boring fast because it is a ""Time Waster"" but overall it is good. I would 100% reccomend this game and hope that you have fun playing it.Songs I mainly usedStressed Out - Tomsize remixMenody - TheFatRat (I think thats the name)Straight Up - AvenzaSix Shooter - Cyote KissesOver all I give this game a 8/10"
76561198117521383,Recommended,270210,25703737,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DarthCupcake,"How fun this game is really depends on the songs you pick. I haven't figured out the audio detection system yet, because some songs work a lot better than others, regardless of them being by the same artist with very similar sounds. Some songs will have obstacles created that look like O-----O-----O-----O (O's being beats and -'s being breaks), while others will have O-O-O-O-O, and obviously the more fast paced the obstacles are, the more engaging the song will be. I wish every song worked really well, so Melody's Escape becomes quite the challenge when you just want to find a song that works well and isn't boring to play.Songs that worked well for me:Andrew WK - She is BeautifulParamore - Misery BusinessMy Chemical Romance - Na Na NaUnfortunately, regardless of how fast or slow paced the song actually is, the game likes to create a really slow and boring obstacle course for you. It really makes no sense, and like I said, I haven't figured out yet what makes a more engaging song. I still recommend the game, because overall it is very good and an easy one to 100% if you care about achievements, but it does have its problems."
,Recommended,270210,32350900,Posted: 11 June,all,♫poorpuppy,I like the idea of this game!But to be honest this would be something to play on a mobile device.
,Recommended,270210,17214341,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,"alicia, who smiles at death","Melody's Escape is a deceptively simple yet challenging obstacle-based rhythm game with a lot of potential versatility in playstyle. While still in Early Access, it has almost no technical errors and the developer is extremely active, so I would recommend it to people who enjoy rhythm games, especially people who are looking for a different type of procedurally-generated music gameplay. I am terrible at obstacle running games, but I have never ever found the platforming element of this game to be obtrusive or overwhelming because it integrates so well with the beat and feels so smooth on a sensory level.The visuals are quite polished and clear, with a striking and elegant aesthetic; they are also easily modded and customised. The colours are rich without being distracting and can be altered both ingame and via a modding interface, and provide lovely implicit feedback for passing obstacles. The gameplay is rewarding immersively with the flow of the music and quite addictive. Melody's Escape primarily syncs to tempo and tests rhythm, beat awareness, and precision in timing, so it works less efficiently with noisy tracks, but its level generation otherwise handles most genres I have thrown at it quite well and has a good fallback method for dealing with offtempo songs.GameplayLow BPM songs are as pleasing to play as high BPM songs, although they generally have fewer obstacles and the running pace is slower, and there are difficulty settings which treat songs with <150 BPM as if they had double their actual BPM for the purposes of level generation if that annoys you. Instrumentals and vocal songs work equally well.While the strength of Melody's Escape generally lies in its concept and its simplicity, the game is easy to recommend because of its many difficulty settings. There are four preset difficulty modes with different input and then a custom mode which can be used to alter obstacle density, running speed, input timing window, and input methods, which gives the player the opportunity to emphasise the challenges they would like the most.The four input methods in order of difficulty are one colour (the track is divided into segments of different running speed based on intensity of the song, and to pass an obstacle you must press or hold the associated colour key), all colours (all obstacles have their own individual colour assigned to them regardless of segment), colour or direction (solid obstacles -- jumping, sliding, diving -- require direction key input, either from the gamepad or using the arrow buttons, while colour orbs require their individual colour key input), and tandem colour and direction (passing an obstacle requires both the correct colour and direction key).Monochrome play is relaxing and purely a test of precision, while tandem colour and direction play is a frenetic test of reaction timing and mechanics.The sync with the track is quite good and failing to pass certain obstacles results in stumbling or respawning, so there is no way to actually fail a song as in other rhythm games which involve shooting elements, etc. The only real ingame objective that exists is to pass every obstacle (a perfect chain), but the game assigns ratings based on score and keeps track of your high score, so you can play as you wish on the mode that suits you best. This is why I have accrued so much playtime so quickly, because I found exploring the full potential of the game challenging and enjoyable.Essentially, you get out of Melody's Escape what you put into it, which is hopefully a huge and diverse music collection. It is absolutely worth its current price and even more so on sale. It is an easy pick-up-and-play game with almost no set-up overhead and a low skill floor, but possesses depth, complexity, and replay value as you attempt to master it.I disagree with some of the other reviewers on one thing; I am a keyboard-only player and really enjoy this game. I have no doubt the game is more intuitive with a Microsoft controller, but do not feel as if anything is lacking from keyboard play.TechnicalTechnically, the game can be played with either keyboard or gamepad quite well, and no clicking is necessary. There is a slight learning curve for the colour input scheme for keyboard players because the colours are by default designed to match Microsoft controllers, but it translates fine to WASD/SZXC/etc. keyboard schemes. The visual processing can be demanding but there is an FPS counter ingame and many options to increase performance at the expense of graphical intensity (mostly bloom), which is also a matter of subjective preference anyway. Input windows etc. are all smooth assuming consistent 60 FPS.The game has very good file handling options and does not require pre-indexing directories. You can save tracks as favourites and generate favourite folders. From experience it supports a wide variety of formats (mp3, m4a, ogg, wav, flac, aac, aiff, mpeg, wmv, and more) and also playlists (.m3u files), which sets it apart in endurance play from other rhythm games. Handles large and long tracks fine.It does lack support for kanji, hangul, some unusual Latin characters with diacritics, etc. which can make track selection a difficulty for songs with names entirely in those characters. (Katakana and hiragana are supported, for the record). This appears to be unlikely to change in the near future and is the only potential sticking point I see for rhythm game fans.Early AccessAs I have stated, this game is very much alive and being worked on, and developer support is extremely prompt. However, were the developer to suddenly disappear, I would still recommend this game as is. The primary focuses of development now are perfecting visuals (which are already on par with  the available rhythm games on Steam) and fixing some very uncommon errors. For almost every player this game should be in a well-functional state and require minimal or no tweaking to maximise performance.ConclusionOverall I completely recommend Melody's Escape to any fan of rhythm games or procedurally generated music games such as Audiosurf, Osu, etc. It is well-made, performs smoothly, has active developer support, and copes well with virtually all music types. The tracks are varied enough for such a simple set of obstacles to keep you entertained for quite some time. There are few technical issues, the levels are graceful, and the aesthetics of the game are beautiful in a way that only enhances the music. Nothing ingame detracts from the music itself but the gameplay itself is still rewarding and intense, which is to me a perfect and mesmerising balance."
,Recommended,270210,23113812,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Agent40,"I really like this game all summed up but something is missing that would make this game all the more better and that is the sense of achievement. I really like how you can choose what ever music you want to incorporate into the game and the fact that there are levels already added But, to make this game feel whole I feel like there should be unlockable levels through achievements. This would make the game a whole lot better in my eyes and I do hope to see more base levels and stuff like this in Future updates if the game does get updated."
,Recommended,270210,23163040,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,A Humble Mouldy Tomato,This game is EPIC and AWESOME and all that positive stuff.Now if only music made reality like that.... School would be WAY more interesting and maybe i'd even do some exercise for once 乁( ͡°ω ͡°)ㄏ
,Recommended,270210,11621054,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Another Eternity,"The beat detection and level construction is great. I haven't played a bad sync yet (I've played for a couple hours). It's fun, the graphics are nice, and it works with all of my music, which is great. If you like Audiosurf or other music games, you'll probably want to check this out. I was a bit nervous paying $10 for it, but I'm glad I did. If you're worried about it playing well with your songs, you can probably stop worrying about that. Fun game, and hopefully it'll get even better with future updates. The only negative I can think of is that the graphics have a tendency to blur pretty badly. This might depend on what type of monitor (refresh rate, size, panel type, etc.) that you are using though.Edit: I am happy to report that an update and an option to remove anti-aliasing has tremendously helped this game on systems with integrated graphics. It is now perfectly smooth and a joy to play on my Surface Pro. 60 fps all the time. You shouldn't have any trouble with your laptop or pc with integrated graphics assuming the rest of it is pretty decent. ;)"
,Recommended,270210,23213905,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,snedr,"I've been waiting for a game like Melody's Escape since Audiosurf and Beat Hazard. It's pretty much just as good as those, if a little more bare-bones and perhaps with a little less replay value.Most tracks sync well, some not so well, but overall the experience is enjoyable. The 'Intense' mode, which is essentially the 'Normal' mode, is just that--intense. It's challenging, sometimes infuriatingly, but exhilarating if you're on a roll.If you love music, have your own collection to use and enjoy rhythm games, Melody's Escape is a safe purchase."
,Recommended,270210,15668388,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sikaran,"Melody's Escape is described by its creator as a 'rhythm runner'. It uses an advanced algorithm to turn any audio track from your music library into a course Melody has to navigate. While collecting power orbs, she'll have to jump over, slide under, kick apart, and weave around obstacles in her way. She'll also alternate between walking, running, and flying depending on the song's current tempo.The rapidly scrolling directional and button prompts feels like a marriage between Dance Dance Revolution, Quick Time Events (QTEs), and precision platforming.Since each song generates a unique track, and the different difficulties require different input methods, the game theoretically has infinite replayability. Whether you're a rhythm game fanatic, a multi-genre virtuoso or just someone looking for a fresh gameplay experience, you'll find something to like about this game."
,Recommended,270210,26472996,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,tepmy,"A great game if you just want to escape for a bit from reality, while still listening to some of your favourite songs. Every time i'm playing this, I feel like I'm a part of each song and somehow contribute to the rythm. Worth the money!"
,Recommended,270210,27563361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[EU] lyn1337,Addictive and well done music game with linux support of which I can say Iregretnot having bought it earlier. I do hope the workshop editor will see other-than-windows support in the future!
,Recommended,270210,23146154,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mr.Potato,One of the most beautiful game i've ever played and i impressed how well it syncs with music.Definately worth buying.
,Recommended,270210,13632645,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,friday13,"The game has a great concept and is super adorable.  The look is gorgeous, and is a great buy if you're looking just to push buttons and really relax with your music.My nitpickiness all comes from being a serious hardcore music gamer.  I'm not talking just Guitar Hero or Rock Band.  I also played DJ Hero 2 competitively, as well as competitive Beatmania IIDX and Pop'n Music and Drummania.  I've played Frequency and Amplitude, as well as Space Channel 5, Parappa The Rapper, Mad Maestro, Technic Beat, Vib Ribbon, along with many many other rhythm games.The auto-beat mapper seems a bit sloppy sometimes, although it does a better job than other ones I've seen.  It's great to at least get the game off the ground.  I hope to see a built-in soundtrack with proper-made stages for it, not just auto-generated ones.  I would strongly prefer a stage editor so I can make proper stages to some of these songs that don't beatmap well or that just get poor stages for no good reason.I know it's in early access, so I am excited and looking forward to improvements.  Sure, I have problems and nitpicks with it, but....  I didn't buy it for a top notch superserious music game, I bought it for something pretty looking to relax with that is fun to play.  This definitely fits the bill.If you're looking for a chill and fun experience, buy it.  It's great. <3"
,Recommended,270210,13847331,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,forevabronze,Fantastic.if you love music and you love games this is for you. for 10 bucks you get your money back.
,Recommended,270210,18283024,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,XOXOƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄ƷSkyler!ツ,"Very great game, very transcendent with the backgrounds!Also I did get a bit confused with the controls, but after I played it a tiny bit I got used to it in just 7 seconds!I do like that you can use the music in your music folder, but if the developer added the ability to use music from a youtube video or url that would be great and I would play this game forever and not have to download a bunch of music from an MP3/4 site.Rated 8.1/10 | would definitely recommend to a friendP.S | I really like the backgrounds and character styles aswell!"
,Recommended,270210,13776281,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Keyzee,Fun rhythm game that's a bit differentMakes my eyes feel funny though but that's part of the fun!
,Recommended,270210,20996426,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Absolute Madman,"Yo, so you remember Audiosurf? Beat Hazard? Course you do. In this game instead of being some fancy space ship you're this chick Melody who digs the tunes y'know... Anyway you pick a song from your lousy playlist (cuz we all know everyone's taste in music is awful), and the game generates a random track for Melody to run through (while you're controlling her of course)... I dig it, Always liked Audiosurf/Beat Hazard or any other game in which I pick a song and get to have something happen based on the song while I listen to it.Uh... What else is there to say... OH YEAH.. DON'T FREAKING PLAY DOWN WITH THE SICKNESS, YOU WILL CRY!"
,Recommended,270210,18057198,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Thrax™,One of the most Charming & Relaxing Games I've ever played.
,Recommended,270210,9281411,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,nugget lmao,"Since this is an Early Access game and as a result, may get large changes pushed through due to patches, my review might miss some things. I'll try to keep it up to date with changes patched in.I'm a total sucker for games that work based off your own music - the entire reason I first joined Steam was for Audiosurf. I've been excited for Melody's Escape ever since I first saw it on Greenlight, and now that it's finally released I have to say that it definitely meets my expectations.In terms of gameplay I would best describe it as a ""sidescrolling DDR"" - the focus is on hitting notes corresponding to arrow keys (as well as WASD on higher difficulties), while running. The 2d platformer style is definitely different from the other rhythm games that I've personally played, and it adds a nice bit of variety to the genre.The game itself is really pretty, with focuses on monochrome and splashes of color that give it a really vivid look. Unfortunately I had to turn off some of the more intensive settings to be able to get the best performance but I find that the game still looks striking without all the extras. The animation is very smooth and the transitions between actions (ie, going from somersaulting over a barrier to flying off a cliff) are nice and fluid.The difficulty curve is steep but not impossible. After a few hours I was pretty consistently able to get 3 and 4 hearts on whatever song I played. It requires a bit more finesse when it comes to hitting notes compared to other music-based games I've played - the hitboxes for notes are very tight and require a fair amount of precision, a lot of which is dependent on the FPS you get. I found I had to turn the resolution way down and turn off several of the extra graphics effects in order to get a good framerate and to be able to consistently hit notes, but if you have good hardware this shouldn't be too much of a problem.However, it's also very forgiving of mistakes, simply regenerating you whenever you miss an obstacle without stopping the song - a very welcome design considering that half the reason I play music games is to listen to the song, so stopping me in the middle of a track when I die is not a good thing!The game also allows the setting of a ""custom"" difficulty which allows you to configure what type of button-presses and the density of obstacles, among other things. So, if you find that you're not being challenged enough, or if you're having issues moving from Relaxed to Normal, using the Custom difficulty should make for an enjoyable experience.One issue that I had with other music games is that either every song tended to feel the same in terms of gameplay, or that it was very easy to predict what type of course you would get which meant that for a challenge you ended up having to play the same sorts of music. This is not an issue with Melody's Escape - I listen to a fairly wide variety of music, a lot of which doesn't normally play well on games like Audiosurf, but almost every single track I tried produced a great level. Obviously like all music games some tracks will still play much better than others - a few songs that I found to be good in other music games didn't really provide the best experience, while others were absolutelybrutal, even on Relaxing difficulty.For an Early Access game, Melody's Escape is incredibly polished - if I had bought it as a regular, non-EA game I would still be impressed. The only missing features that I would like to have (Last.fm integration, etc) are things that have been confirmed to be added in the future. There's also support for custom skins, hairs, and color schemes via Workshop, which while I don't find incredibly necessary is still a great option to have.All in all, this game is well worth the wait and the money I paid for it. If you're already a fan of music based games like Audiosurf and want to try something new I would highly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,270210,23138568,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Maya Reinhartz,"It lacks the general ""map design"" you'd expect from a standard rhythm game but that's to be expected with an algorithm creating maps on the fly.My major complaints are related to the visual queues and overall ""spectacle"" that does nothing but bother me. You're always better getting a ""jump upwards"" instead of a ""Jump downwards"" since you can see what's coming next better and all that. The game tries so much to keep things active and spectacle-like that it ends up being a thorn on what would be a perfectly fine Rose.Oh well, I still recommend the game.  Maybe after a few more hours I'll get used to the presentation of slides."
76561198076268261,Recommended,270210,32670760,Posted: 23 June,all,Sexual Tyrannosaurus,"I only have a short play time of 70ish minutes, but I've seen enough to give a verdict. I enjoy rythme games, I have ADD so they're like drugs to me. If this game was to be rated in caliber based on that simile, Melody's Escape would be a fine, smooth Colombian cocaine. The colors are nice, icons are easy to recognize (but not ugly), the art style is nice (but not distracting), and you can use any music you want. After hours of looking for a good way to convert it, I turned my whole spotify playlist into an almost endless supply of stages for this game. This game is everything I could ask for in a game of this type. Normally, I like to critically evaluate when I critique, but for this game I will break the ourobos of reviews. BUY IT. It is utterly wonderful and I think I need to go to sleep... but yeah... buy it now."
,Recommended,270210,26105177,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,whbi0sama,"OMG! this game is amazing , usually i dont know what to do while listning to music but with this game holy♥♥♥♥♥♥you can't  just play your musics but you can play them while listning  i mean yeah u know what i mean xDI love it :) especially with japanese songs the work more than perfect  :3"
,Recommended,270210,23150396,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Great use-your-own-song game with a fantastic song analysis algorithm. Recommended.First generation technology of this sort of thing was pretty bad. Vib Ribbon for the PS1 is the first game I know of that tried, but Audiosurf and Beat Hazard made it very popular in the early 2010's. While they improved the formula significantly, it still mostly seemed to just detect the BPM and 'pulse' the levels to the rhythm, changing gameplay elements as the song's speed or volume changed. These games required a pretty good deal of your imagination filling in the blanks to really feel like you were playing the song, not just playing a game with background music.Not so with Melody's Escape, which feels very, very 'right'. I played through an album's worth of music with varied tempos, musical styles, and instrumentation and I would say that it felt like I was playing a hand-crafted track about 85% of the time. This absolutely blows previous games of the genre out of the water.As for the gameplay, if you ever played Vib Ribbon, this is pretty much exactly that. It's very solid and time-tested rhythm gaming. Hit the button when you see the symbol.This is a good way to chill out and experience an album in as relaxed or intense of an environment as you like. The difficulty options in this game are very varied.If you like rhythm games or just listening to music, Melody's Escape is your go-to game. Once you try it, you won't be able to go back to Audiosurf."
,Recommended,270210,29306425,Posted: 16 January,all,QuasiSnipr1048,"I had this game pop up on my store page around last July or so.  I didn't really think much of it at the time, so I passed it up and browsed for other games.   Fast-foward to December and I find myself looking at this game again in my queue.  Okay, fine.  Let's see what this game's got.  I watched the trailer, bought it, played it, and still am playing it.The best way to sum up Melody's Escape is a simplified, yet stylized version of Guitar Hero (being the only other music game I have played).  Instead of a guitar, you control Melody as she runs through an obstacle course created by the game based on the music selection.  There are jumps, slides, kicks, dives (corresponding to the arrow keys), and at really intense parts she even flies.  In between those obstacles, there are colored spheres which correspond to WASD that you have to hit usually in time with the beat.  Difficulty depends on the music selection:  Higher beats per minute, higher difficulty.Here's what I consider to be the game's main appeal:  While the game does come with 5 or 6 songs, all of which are very fun to play by the way, the game also can scan your music directory and add songs you own to the playlist.  Want a new way to enjoy that new song you just downloaded?  Play it on Melody's Escape.  It does not require you to make the course or do any sort of modifications.  Just select the song and the game will create a custom course based on the beat of the song....usually.  A rating is given based on how well the game could analyze the song, ranging from no tempo detected to excellent, and is for the most part dependent on the song's quality.  Some songs, especially instrumentals with no percussion, won't have a detected tempo but are no less fun to play than an EDM song with an excellent rating.  It can be hit or miss but the game does a fairly good job of matching the course to the song regardless of genre.Overall, this game is very fun and very relaxing at the same time.  If you want a game you can unwind to, this is the game.  Graphic requirements are reasonable so if you have a low end machine, you can enjoy it as well.  There also seems to be a good workshop following for this game so if you want to customize Melody or the interface in any way you can do that.  And it's a good game to enjoyyourmusic to.If you managed to read this far, here are a few song recommendations if you want to try them:Over My Head - The FrayGhost Assassin - Maduk, ft. VeelaDream Lantern - RADWIMPS"
,Recommended,270210,29734201,Posted: 5 February,all,乱堆糖果,"It's nice to be able to play music games with all the songs you like :)Plus there's a lot of skins to play with in the workshop.One thing about gameplay that annoys me a little bit is that when you fail to hit a note you have to ""die and revive"", not simply missing it like other music games. This harms the flow of the game.But overall it is a really fun game and especially nice when you want to ""play"" some music lol."
,Recommended,270210,9271131,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Spooky Spyke,"This right here is the music game I've been looking for. Playing like a cross between Bit.Trip Runner and Audiosurf, Melody's Escape is the only runner/rhythm hybrid I know of that lets you use your own music, and if there is another game like it, it probably doesn't have the same aesthetics that this one has. While the quality of the game is technically determined by your music, I've tested tons of different songs and genres and so far the only genre that's consistently given an unsatisfactory experience was heavy metal or punk-style songs.The game looks absolutely stunning and although it'll take a bit to get the hang of the gameplay (you have to be more precise than you would in other rhythm games), it's worth it in the end. I've only played a little of this game and it's already one of my favorite indie games on Steam, and it's not even finished yet. Do yourself a favor and buy this game. You won't regret it.fyi Try playing the game using ""Somebody That I Used To Know"" by Gotye. So far it's played the best out of the songs I've tested."
,Recommended,270210,18428830,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,fripSide,Nice Game !!
,Recommended,270210,21759597,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Nyancide,"The best part of this game is being able to replay it as many times as you want, because for every song there is a different level.Good songs to use:Never gonna give you up, by Rick Astley.Thats about it."
76561198098276201,Recommended,270210,19349622,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Skywolf,its like a mix between guitar hero and audiosurf
,Recommended,270210,19688137,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Afol456,"When writing this review, i had a really tough time thinking of any possible cons for Melody's Escape. In all honesty, Melody's Escape is as smooth as its simple art style, which i personally think is very reminiscent of an advertisement for ipods.The concept itself is also very simple, you control Melody as she runs through the chosen track, hitting buttons to the corresponding beats. Similar to Audiosurf; Melody's Escape allows the player to use their own music, and given how easy it is to obtainfreemusic from the internet (or whatever shady site you download from), the sky's the limit! The game's simplicity is complimented by its high level of customization that the player is given. You get to decide Melody's hairstyle, clothing (or skin, some options from the workshop are more like reskins than clothing options) and the colour scheme for the game itself. If you feel limited by the default selections you can turn to the Community Workshop for even more options to pick and choose from. And if that’s still not enough customization for you, then there’s a “ModStudio” tucked in the steam program files that allows you to start from scratch and make/edit  your own unique hairstyle etc. (Might take some figuring out but there are a few guides that go over the process). There’s also an option to make your own custom difficulty to play with; which is a nice touch.However, at the core of any game is its gameplay and its controls. So how does Melody’s escape score in these areas? Wonderfully well. the controls are nice and tight (although personally i would recommend using a controller over a keyboard). The gameplay of Melody’s Escape can be pretty difficult at times but the game’s learning curve is never unfairly difficult (unless you’re using an insanely high tempo song then well, you’ve only yourself to blame). Each is level is generated by some technical algorithm that analyses each song, but i’m no expert on the details. Despite the minimalistic amount of content you’re given in the actual game not counting your music, i seem to always come back to it. When buying Melody’s Escape, bear in mind that this is a game that’s best played in short bursts, not just because you’ll get bored after about one to two hours of back to back playing, but also because your eyes will get sore. Very, very sore.The first issue with this game stems from the visuals. Don’t get me wrong, i love the art style and bright colours, but i’d be lying if i said that my eyes didn’t get strained after about a half hour of playing. Though the issue can easily be remedied with a couple tweaks to the settings as well as following general health and safety tips.In summary, Melody’s Escape is a perfect game to just pick up and play casually whenever you’re bored, waiting or need to relax etc. It has a great visual style and it’s customization is boundless. The difficulty only enhances the feeling when you beat your high score; and as long as you don’t play for too long in one go than you’ll have a blast! It's also a great entry point into the rhythm genre.Definitely a good game to have in any steam library."
,Recommended,270210,10316183,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SageMustDie,"This game is actually pretty damn good for an indie game in Early Access, no less. I just have to give credit where credit is due here.When I first picked up this game, I expected it to be another half-decent ""play to your own music"" game that's being put on the Steam category, so as a music addict, I had to buy it and see what this game was capable of. When I picked out my first track and as soon as the game finished calculating the audio, the gameplay itself began. And needless to say, my expectations were passed.Melody's Escape is a sort of ""rhythm platformer"" as I like to call it which reminds me of a rather underrated game of the same genre called ""Vib-Ribbon"" for the PS1. It's just as easy to play, but it's also as hard to master.The only buttons in this game are the WASD keys, shich are used to input multiple actions according to the direction and color of the obstacle. You break orbs, hop across gaps, break through walls, and even fly with stylish beauty. The game runs at a perfect and smooth 60 FPS, which perfectly compliments the game's vivid and colorful graphics.The first thing that caught my attention when I played my first song was how accurate the obstacles were to the tempo and beat. This is by far one of, if not the best audio detections in a procedrual music game that I've seen.If that's not reason enough to get this game, it does have Steam Workshop support to add some neat little aesthetic touches.Overall, is Melody's Escape worth your time? Yes. Especially if you love music."
76561198056683307,Recommended,270210,29368298,Posted: 19 January,all,wya?,"So I found the game for cheap, and being a player of music games (osu!) found it pretty interesting that you could play music from your own library.Opened up the game, and I was pleased to be able to find music from my osu folder as well as my library available to use. The game places obsticles and notes at the right places and you can literally ride the beat, unlike the other games. Hoping an unrealistic wish that Melody's Escape would be able to sync with music from Spotify.10/10 would play weaboo music and A$AP Ferg back to back."
,Recommended,270210,30845251,Posted: 30 March,all,High Noon,"A very great rhythm game to play music in, it's really nicely done and works great with all kinds of music. It doesn't matter what kind of genre you like or just soundtracks, they all work great in this game and you can choose whichever you want to play. I also like the design of the character (Melody) you control, it fits the game perfectly. There are also 4 different difficulty levels which go all the way from pretty easy to very hard so there is something for everyone. Another good thing compared to some other rhythm games is that if you fail or miss a button press it won't affect the music, the song will still sound the same whether you miss or hit all the orbs/obstacles. I just wish I could beat something else than the easiest difficulty..."
,Recommended,270210,9274569,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Raiden,"I fully support this game. The devs are not lying when they say this game is stable. It runs very smoothly and has not crashed or even froze up once while i was playing it. The controls are simple and easy to get used to and the visuals are amazing. The only down sides i would say are the game is a real strain on the eyes i have 20/20 vision and after about 2-3 songs i have to stop playing cause my vision gets blurry but i dont think thats the dev's fault its just the art style. And the second thing is Intense Mode, it just seems like i bit too much that you have to press both buttons at once each time you get to an marker. But all and all i highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys music games like this. I cant wait and see how the customization works later on."
,Recommended,270210,23226318,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Daylily,So glad I decided to try this game. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a fun and chill game
76561198010240322,Recommended,270210,24769807,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Someoneman,"Of all the ""Music Player"" games, Melody's Escape is my favorite because it's actually a rhythm game like Dance Dance Revolution or Guitar Hero, rather than just a non-rhythm game that spawns enemies and items in time to the music like Beat Hazard or Audiosurf.The beat detection is not perfect, but is immensely satisfying when it does work. I personally found that songs that had ""Energy Peaks"" instead of a normal BPM matched the music more closely, which is strange since I thought Energy Peaks was meant to be a back-up plan in case the tempo detection didn't work. So if there was a way to always use Energy Peaks, that would be an improvement.For the downsides, as I mentioned the BPM detection-based algorithm is not perfect. To elaborate, the patterns often consist of one arrow and one button, alternating for a while, which makes it feel like you're playing alongside the song's metronome rather than the song itself. Additionally, the sections where Melody is walking are frustrating since she moves so slowly that visually, a note that's too far and a note that's in reach look too similar.However, if you play this game to listen to your favorite music first and to test your skill second, it is great fun. I recommend it if you have a lot of music you like to listen to."
76561198034670185,Recommended,270210,19427050,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Alpharius,"This game has taken away my old headaches and replaced them with fresh ones. Can be relaxing as well as exciting (depends on your music) but failing a perfect chain because your finger slipped is really annoying. I suck so hard at this but its just so satisfying to pull off a hard part, so I keep coming back. Worth it."
76561198009795235,Recommended,270210,28543841,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Deutschi,"Really fun game. I like that you can play your own music, although the obstacles don't fit sometimes to the rhythm. But with the build-in songs everything is super smooth and tight."
76561198020197740,Recommended,270210,15729528,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dhurke,"Amazing rhythm game. Have had a lot of fun with it, and will continue to have a lot of fun with it. If you enjoy games like audiosurf, beat hazard, stepmania, osu, ddr, or anything of the like, this is also a must. Practice makes better in Melody's Escape, so you really feel great when you conquer a song on a difficulty you're just starting to get used to. As a fair warning, the game will seem very difficult at first and can be a bit hard on the eyes until you get used to it. Once your eyes are adjusted, and you've locked yourself into climbing the learning curve, you'll have a great time. For those of you who are picky about a money spent to game hours ratio, you'll get MANY hours out of this game if it's your kind of thing."
,Recommended,270210,31333432,Posted: 23 April,all,GJFord,"This is a fantasticly addicting game. It's a challenging game to get used on any difficulty but every difficulty pays off when you master it. The dynamic changes between intensities are breathtaking and the slow motion drops are brilliant and addicting all in themselves. The only real drawback is that there are no difficulty ratings so often times, you'll go in blind without knowing whether the track is going to throw you for a loop or not. Even so, this game is amazing and worth it."
76561197980670343,Recommended,270210,23147473,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sir Prize,"Despite the efforts I had to go through for putting songs into it from spotify, the game is very relacing when you just want to listen to your favourite song and mindlessly (if you are feeling lazy) push buttons. I dearly wish they could somehow make it spotify compatible so I could more easily add more songs to the playlists.TL;DR: It's cool, get it."
,Recommended,270210,23226615,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,t h i c c b o i,"Five hours in, got a perfect score on Coldplay's Adventure of a Lifetime.This game easily relaxes my mind, and really paints an awesome picture of my state whenever I'm engrossed in music. I guess you can say, I use the melodies to escape :DIf you have a large music base and are imaginative or/and an escapist, this game is for you!UPDATE: Synthesia acheivement acquired! My Perfect chain songs are as follows:1) Adventure of a Lifetime - Coldplay2) Rules of Nature - Metal Gear Rising OST3) Head Full of Dreams - Coldplay4) House of the Rising Sun (Wolfenstein: TNO / German ver.)5) Burn it Down - Linkin Park6) I'm My Own Master Now - Metal Gear Rising OST7) Powerless - Linkin Park8) Every Teardrop is a Waterfall - Coldplay9) War Machine - AC/DC10) Stains of Time - Metal Gear Rising OST"
,Recommended,270210,9287094,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,hatsunator,"As I'm a regular player of rythm games such as ""Project Diva,"" D.D.R., etc... I can honestly say that this is an interesting take on the rythm genre of games. The only issue that I have with the game is the visual blur on environment and notes. As a direct reply to all the people commenting on timing I personaly find the timing just fine. This games 9 / 10 could be a 10 / 10 if it weren't for the speed blur effect as that realy is my only problem and source of difficulty. Also I can't wait for a skin from the Vocaloid crew to pop in the workshop, as I know its going to happen.= Edit =I'm gratefull that you took my suggestion to decrease the blurring effect in the game and it realy did help! As for the replacing of the colour green with the colour lavander, bad choice... I can barely tell the difference between the blue, lavender and pink when I have to act on my reaction time for my develishly fast songs... I'm sorry to say this but 'Melody's Escape' has unfortunately solved one problem and gained another...= Edit =I realy like the IDEA of the Overload difficulty because it feels like a cool twist on DDR. However, it falls short on the afformentioned colour issue. Putting that aside however I love the song difficulty creator in it's entirety. The only thing I could suggest to improve it is mabey a couple more options and a colour selector for the notes and background so users could get some of there favorite colours out on the dance floor (or just put that in the visuals section of the options).Almost there Icetecy, just change lavender back to green and you get my 10/10.= Edit =And with the addition of community custom colours, you have created a perfect music game.Congrats Icetecy.Now if you'll excuse me, I think I saw a Miku skin some where in the workshop..."
,Recommended,270210,23801694,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fox,"I only started up the game and say'd out loud ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Awsome theme song"". After a bit of playing you get the roll with the Controlls.So do I like the Game?    YES!Would I gift it to my friends because it's awsome?   Already did.10/10 would buy again."
76561198152734561,Recommended,270210,29974107,Posted: 16 February,all,proslackergamer,"I really got this game because I enjoyed playing Audiosurf on my Zune back in the day.  I wanted a little game that I could play while listening to some music.I was not disapointed.  This is quite a graphically pleasing game for what it is, and was suprising challenging at first.  I actually skipped the easy mode and went straight to Medium, and promptly realized that I would be insane to play on the ""Insane"" mode.  (Pun not intented.) But once you get your reactions going, Medium is quite fun to play, but I still haven't gone to a higher difficulty.  It creates a new course for each soundtrack (as promised), and only takes about ten seconds for a four minute song - even on my potato laptop.  Some songs are going to be harder than others (*Cough* Nightcore *Cough*), so you have to be on your toes every time you play a new song.  You are able to browse your system for your own music quite easily, which was the main thing I was worried about.  Honestly, it's easier to find a song in the game than it would be to look in your library.The only complaint I would have is if you press a button slightly early, it will say ""Error"" at you and you won't be able to press it again in time to properly hit it.  Kind of annoying, but it also could be considered a feature.  Makes the songs more challenging, to a certian extent.Now, the real question.  Is this game worth it?  Personally, I got this during the Steam winter sale for around $2, and for that amount, I would gladly do it again.  Now that I have played this a while, I would say $5 would be acceptable, but I don't think it's quite worth $10.  But if this is on sale - Get it!"
,Recommended,270210,26398524,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Seena Neku,Run..Metal & Hardcore Music  Recommended!
,Recommended,270210,12080433,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Travis248,A Very awesome rhythm game a must buy!Pro's- Fun- Challenging- Pretty good sync with the songs- Good sound qualty- Very pretty art design- A good workout for you'r fingers- Steam workshop!                                              any more pro's? suggest you'r thoughtsCon's (might be fixed in the furture)- Weird FPS drop rates- Pushing the buttons on time and yet sometimes it does not read it correctly  (i swear i am hiting it on time!)- No menu music  (really?)- when you quit the game it sometimes reset you'r character even thot you saved it- sometimes songs are not synced- you cannot use itunes songs to play on the game (not sure if this is just me)Any more con's that you can think of let me know!THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS! so any con's might be fixed in the the futrue if Dev's see this so don't get mad at me :/I GIVE THIS! *Drumroll*  A ..... (9/10) for a Rhythm game it's pretty awesome!!! thats my OPINION
76561198007143476,Recommended,270210,23236777,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ZatOne [GTribe],"For all you Rhythm Game junkies, I also highly recommend MELODY'S ESCAPE!At first, watching the videos made me feel meh, coz of the seemingly limited number of moves Melody has. Then when my daughter started playing the easiest difficulty, that fear slowly crept in. But when we started MEDIUM difficulty, EVERYTHING changed. The seemingly limited moves helped fuel the struggle to complete the variety of commands being thrown at you. It became HIGHLY entertaining AND addicting. Though I agree with some reviews that certain songs- especially in higher difficulties - do not synch well with the game engine.The controls (using a wireless XBOX360 controller) were great. You can choose to use a combination of the analog sticks, d-pad, or face buttons. You can even choose just one set of controls (like the face buttons, or just the D-pad). I used both analog sticks, and my daughter used the D-pad + face buttons combo.There are already a ton of Workshop mods out there, including Hatsune Miku, or even Black Rock Shooter.Make sure to check SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS and some reviews. The game requires a solid 60FPS for best synchronization. I had no issues running it with v-sync, but some may need to turn on some sort of Adaptive V-sync if frames drop below 60.Let the beat flow! :)"
,Recommended,270210,17527526,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,A Cee Tee,"Melody's Escape, a brilliant rhythm game which can be a nice into into the rhythm game catagory.A fairly simple control scheme involving only 4 inputs on the easier difficulties which increases to eight once you move into the harder of the four (excluding the custom difficulty which you are capable of making even harder). Each input has a distinctive colour on the default theme making you able to correspond the colours to the inputs rather than identifying each note individually making long streams not as fearsome as they initially looked.If you have a large library of music then you are going to have a good time on this game, however for people with mass amounts of songs in a single genre, you might want to be careful about the purchase of this game.I jumped right into this game with my love of rhythm games and enjoyed it very much until the audio detection was incapable of finding stable tempos in my songs. In my library of 166 songs (This is all from a single genre) I am capable of playing around 25% of them due to the beat detection being unable to find a stable 4/4. The result of the game being unable to find a stable tempo causes it to engage a detection mode which is labeled ""Energy Peaks"". This detection would be a great work around, provided that it worked consistently throughout an entire song which I have never found to be the case.When the detection is in ""Energy Peaks"" mode, it will detect any spike in activity on a song and then place a beat there, for songs with a loud singer; all hell breaks loose on the song making you unable to correctly time your inputs unless you use visual ques rather than audatory cues which is not what you should really have to do in a rhythm game.Energy Peaks works wonders for instumental songs though so if you are playing songs without singing then you should be able to play them all and not have to deal with bad sync.The only thing that I feel is missing from this game is a song editor or at least some way you are able to influence how the song is generated. I have found too many songs which will change from sprinting to flying after a chorus rather than during the chorus only to return right back to sprinting after the next verse starts following the bridge from chorus to verse.So if you have a wide variety of songs then buy this game if you are a fan of rhythm games or if you want to get into them. Although if you have a single genre which you love make sure that your songs have a prominent and stable BPM to prevent Energy Peaks from not properally syncing."
,Recommended,270210,10041500,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Elliekitten❤,"Diffenently a game i would recommend, the gameplay is smooth and the animations in the game and it is a early access game, this game is very well made and really fun & addictive to play. Diffenently worth it and so much more. :)"
76561198173597601,Recommended,270210,31668179,Posted: 10 May,all,jsingh56,It's very addicting. It makes you want to get all of the steam achievements! I love this game because I can listen to my own music and play with the speed of the music. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves to listen to their music while playing a game
76561198058329541,Recommended,270210,34753791,Posted: 5 September,all,AsianPenguin,Forgot about this itch since audiosurf 1 and then I discovered this.Some songs feel slightly off-beat or awkward but whatever is generating it does a decent job of it and some songs felt brilliant with it.A minor gripe I have is the jumping animation for the hops and the small gaps.
,Recommended,270210,26124850,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Earth's Retarded Cousin,"Very simplistic game, but cery addictive and fun. Only had to play a couple of songs before getting hooked."
,Recommended,270210,13844278,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Narcissistic Cannibal,"Basically this is what would happen if Guitar hero, Platforming games, and Your music all had a baby. Fun game and has varying difficulty levels for everyone :D. Only drawback is it is slightly laggy so ya know careful about that. 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,13185619,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,HalfMoon95,"Absolutely flawless. Honestly. Very enjoyable gameplay that surprisingly does not get old or tiresome. The character animations are perfect, the appearence is very attractive, and the controls are quite good. Any kind of music works and it uses the music you have on your computer. It's amazing. Well worth the cost. Honestly, I don't see why it is still in early access. The game is perfect as is."
76561198066241436,Not Recommended,270210,23244262,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BaraEnthusiast145,"I actually do recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the likes of StepMania and other rythm games. Melody's Escape's idea is really cool and innovative, I enjoyed the little time I spent playing it.That's it, before the eye strain began to kick. I have astigmatism and am highly photosensitive, and the dark background mixed with the bright colours of the moving objects made it increasingly difficult to stare at for extended periods of time.If you are photosensitive, just back down from this one."
76561198090562529,Recommended,270210,23866624,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,NecroDamer-Hello There Darling,this is the best  Music-Based Procedural Generation video game i have played it so far worth the money and on sale for 5 bucks is a steal (:
,Recommended,270210,27537548,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DocWibbleyWobbley,Perfect for those who always daydreamt of a person running along to a song.
,Recommended,270210,17327479,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Spooky Orgasmo,"This game works rather well, however I hope the rhythm detection starts to add support for other genres. I myself listen to a lot of alternative rock, and they don't go well with this game's rhythm detection.However, this game does work well with my other favorite genre: electronic. So, there's that.Overall, this game is pretty  solid and works alright. There's still room for improvement, however."
,Not Recommended,270210,33254460,Posted: 4 July,all,Zarakc,"I've enjoyed many hours of Audiosurf, Rhythm Zone, and Crypt of the NecroDancer. I have a good time with those.Saw this and decided to give it a shot. I am just not a fan of the way the level breaks down.The tempo changes making the character suddenly slow down/speed up to throw off the timing, the leaps over chasms that leave you wondering when the next set of 'notes' are and what they are going to be only for them to show up every so suddenly. Perhaps some people like that. That's fine, it's just not for me.Overall, it's a mix of me not being fond of the way some of the mechanics work, and the overall style/setup of the whole rhythm game feels lackluster for me. Audiosurf has a lot of visual aspects to it, and it's a lot of fun actively working through your music. Rhythm Zone is Guitar Hero/Rockband, so that's all fine and dandy. And Crypt is a dungeon crawl to your music, so that's all awesome. This was just some running/walking/flying that didn't hit me the right way."
,Recommended,270210,15715272,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Minty,"It's the closest thing I'm going to get as an AMV for my Death Grips library.On a serious note, this is a really fun rhythm game, more akin to a DDR for your fingers then Audiosurf's block system. Pick it up on sale."
76561198078679059,Recommended,270210,28688135,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pb without the j,"Music is probably the best hobby I have after gaming. I have heard several artists that I liked and disliked. Usually, almost all my favorite bands doesn’t come from the radio because most of the time the radio spews forgettable and unbelievably average music and not the kind that is laughably bad like Owl city, it’s just average. The music I usually find is on files from computers or from my mum’s collection and some from New Zealand airlines. I seem to have a fondness of weird music such as Bjork and Ben Howard some of my family members say, and sitting here right now listening to SoundCloud and other forms of casual reggae, hip-hop and Rap with my aunts and uncles on Waihiki island, makes me relax with the help of the islands beauty. It’s just good to get out of Auckland sometimes and in a situation like this reminds me of ""Melody's escape"".""Melody's escape"" is one of the entries of rhythm based music games on steam and just to note right now, this is the only “rhythm based game that plays your music” that I have played. I’m not quite sure what the other rhythm game are like on steam and the only indication is the reviews that make or break them. I’ll say right now that it is a good game, not a heart stopping, game that questions your psychology and tests it like 'spec: ops the line', just a calming, casual game. But that’s just not doing it justice, here’s an in-depth review on the game itself.PresentationYou play as a trim, skinny girl (obviously, melody) that looks like the thin Lizzy makeup girl’s extra details being thrown out. Your job is to get her to the other side of the level with minimal errors and to “escape” the level, hence why it’s called melody’s escape. But enough about talking to you like an idiot, the levels are designed around the music you put into the game and it works very well. The levels scenery can change from a city in the calm parts of the music to her flying her rocket boots in a forest in the intense part of the music.There are even small details that help change the mood of the level depending on what the music does. There’s this one part when I was playing “Blue Jeans” by Lana Del Ray, the music stopped for a few seconds and saw melody falling in slow motion until it got back up to tempo and time went back to normal. I was generally impressed by this feature the developer implemented. The background can be out of sync with the music you’re playing and it only has a certain speed for certain kind of music preferably pop and indie music. The tempo in level design for “Taro”hereby Alt-J was close to the same for “Windsurfing Nation”also hereBy Broken social scene, look up the music and you’ll see what I mean.gameplayThe gameplay works with either a four or eight button control, depending on the difficulty you want. The easiest mode is that each area has one button which could be too easy and the hardest is each note must have two button consecutively pressed and throws  more orbs and lines at you. The middle ground is when you must press a button for each different orb and line which is the preferred play style, or not depending on your personality. If it sounds like it’s a recreation of Stanley's job in 'The Stanley parable', it’s more fun and difficult than it looks.It’s the same as any other rhythm game, nothing special but the scenery and special effects makes it fun. The other mode it has is like a random generated music video, you don’t control Melody but the computer does, and you just watch her go through the level, probably not worth mentioning.ConclusionMelody’s escape is like a relaxing game you go back to once and a while, and as interesting as it looks, the novelty fades away until you find some new music. It works with any file, all you have to do is drag it to the games window and the level is generated, thanks to the developers. I’m not sure what other rhythm games are like compared to this. But it’s a nice game to come back to every few weeks when you find a good song on YouTube or an ost in a game’s file.But not buying it isn’t going to make you miss out on anything, I recommend you get it if you want a time waster for a few minutes every once and a while, if not there are other games out there for people like you, preferably 'Manhunt' you monster."
,Recommended,270210,9303205,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ТВОЯ МАТЬ,:D LIKE! LIKE! LIKE!! LIKE!!!))Avicii - Hey brother) THE BEST!!!)
,Recommended,270210,17789342,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,AfroNinja360,"Spectacular Rhythm game I was very happy to purchase! Melody's Escape is a great example of a music game that tries some new things! The ability to customise your player and load up your own music is a great feature.Something I really like is how the speed of the game, colours, and the eye-catching visuals are based on the tempo and pace of your song, and all the different sections that appear -whether it be flying, floating or diving off a cliff- fits with the mood of the music.Being an early access game, it isn't quite refined yet, but come the future I hope the game gets even better in terms of a whole bunch of improvements that will really pack the game with a whole lot more.Packed with a pretty cool workshop that is slowly but steadily growing, there's a lot of ways to stylize Melody to fit your style of play.I really recommend and can't say anything but good things about it. Great game, hope to see more from it, and it's definitely worth checking out! Get out there and run your troubles away!"
76561198104037134,Recommended,270210,21414503,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,shinigamicooper,"Me and a friend of mine were talking about a game like this and how its a shame something like it didnt exsist... about a week later I found this, and it does what it sets out to do. Making beat maps for any song on your computer. If I had to say anything bad about it, it would be that sometimes the fps goes down the drain, but that could just be a ""me"" problem, and the controls do take a bit of time to really get used to"
,Recommended,270210,32736317,Posted: 24 June,all,yung geezer,"yeah, this is actually not that bad."
76561198152534290,Recommended,270210,22781111,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Badgerborn,"In way this goes above replay value, considering you can play almost any piece of audio this is more like the game that never ends!8,5/10"
,Recommended,270210,19288921,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Great Empedocles,I can say alternative osu! or AudiosurfI cant play good for now :P
,Recommended,270210,11339463,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Xayn,"This is the best rythm game ever created.The algorithm is a beast. Obstacles are near-perfect, so unlike other games which make you think about the gameplay first (no matter how hard they try to do otherwise), you can actually immerge yourself in the music and still play.It's visually stunning, even more so in motion. I absolutely love playing even if I make error after error. By default you need to play at least Intense mode for the full experience, making the course a bit dull otherwise; but another great thing is that you can customize different aspects of every difficulty. So you can for instance keep the obstacles of Intense, but allow yourself Medium-level margins of error. I don't think any other game does this.You can also customize the appearance of the character and level, with different hairstyles/skins/colors, which can be downloaded from the workshop. That's always nice.So yeah, pretty much perfect."
,Recommended,270210,13777367,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ThunderFucc The BamboozledCuck,The name explains the whole game and the game explains the name.
,Recommended,270210,11586893,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,2049,"AudioSurf is better.Still is entertaining in its own way though, but I would definitely reccommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,270210,9299549,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Blue,This game is one of the best games with music. its like audio surf but its an actuall challenge and very fun to play with your own music. I recomend you get this game if you like rythm/music type of games.
,Recommended,270210,10617811,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,starz,This is the one of the best Rhythm Game I ever played!But tbh this game still lack of mode and other things that can keep u playing again and again also this game got a really high price for loop gameplayAnyway I can see potential for this game in the update to be better and betterIf u want want to find some casual rhythm game I recommended this game for u to buy this game but if u don't have much money and looking for game that can play for a long time. Just skip this.
,Recommended,270210,9276427,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ItsYaBoiAb,The 3rd best Early Access game I have ever played.The best Rhythm/Dance game I've played.5th best Indie game I've played.9.2/10 Based on the rhythm genre8/10 overallA must have for people who enjoy rhythm games.
,Recommended,270210,9276290,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Moose,"Despite it's early access status, the core gameplay is present, and very enjoyable. Having tested a wide variety of music, most genres tend to result in an enjoyable experience. Very heavy music, and very high tempo music can sometimes end up coming out simple and stale, but there's 5 great songs for every 1 ""okay"" one. The game looks nice, even in it's current state, though some animations are a bit odd, which you'll notice quickly as there is only one animation per action at this time. For it's 10$ price point, I can already recommend Melody's Escape in it's current form to rhythm game fans, or anyone who enjoys ""use your own music"" titles. In most cases, I would recommend non-fans of the genre to wait for a final release, but I don't foresee much in the way of changes to the core gameplay beyond polish. If you're even remotely interested or curious about rhythm games, Melody's Escape is a great starting point for newcomers, and an excellent addition to the genre for longtime fans."
,Recommended,270210,23844437,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ShinyDark,"A game made for players, who enjoy music a lot!The goal is basically, to hit the keys in the right time, while your character is running in a 2D-world. This is based on the rhythmn of the song you are playing.When you fail to do so, you for example do not manage to jump onto something. But the good thing is, that you will just respawn, without the track being paused or something. So every time you play the same track, it will take the same amount of time, regardless of your performance. This keeps the gameplay very fluid and even more fun.AND in addition to that: the tracks are not established!You can just play every song, you got on your pc!The selected songs will then be analyzed and a level will be built out of the gathered data.It actually surprised me how good it worked.When you hit the keys in the right time, you can really feel the rhythmn.You also do not have to import all your songs into the game, but can just play them directly from your harddrive.It's definitly worth checking out, when you like to listen to music whilst playing videogames.Some good vocaloid songs I have tried:>Tractrix>Fake or Fate>Unravel>Last of Me"
,Recommended,270210,25030570,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,WindySilver,"I really like this game. While it indeed isn't perfect when it comes to the beat detection, personally I am satisfied. Also the variety of difficulties is very nice, ranging from very easy (which I find good for practising timing) to a very difficult one before which you should master the Intense difficulty, which already requires that you can use both your hands quickly (unless you change the controls to make it something that requires only one hand, of course), but the most difficult one, Overload, requires both of the hands at the same time, while Intense requires using your hands one after another.PS. It's rather funny how the game talks about needing 60 FPS. I put the game on full screen, highest settings possible (V-sync off though) and the resolution to 1920x1080. I was always over 200 FPS and without screen tearing (V-Sync caps my FPS to 60 FPS btw). Sure, this game doesn't need much from a graphics card and I have Nvidia GTX 960M. Figures."
,Recommended,270210,25465383,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ᔑᣑߋⴲƙ৳੦៦ၕ२,"This is a really great game if you love music of any type. Watch out if you're playing for an extended period of time, because you can get eyestrain a lot at first. Doesn't need a good computer to run. (my laptop is terrible and I still get 60 frames) Still working on that last achievement, and I don't even know what overload mode is xDDefinitely worth buying, Melody's Escape has given me years of entertainment"
,Recommended,270210,25402139,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TheOrange,"I liked it, despite the fact that most people wouldn't play this more than once or twice I found a good few hours playing it, just for the fact of putting my own music into a runner game. it's a unique experience with some lovely visuals."
,Recommended,270210,18378365,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Forksparty,"Did not expect to have this much fun playing the game. It looks simple, but when you start bumping up the difficulty it gets soooo hard. But, it's your music so you're having fun along the way! Grab it when it's on sale, deff worth it."
,Recommended,270210,18406872,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sucky☆Engy,"I have no idea why I'm putting this much time and love into this game, but I'm not complaining. When your life feels so oversaturated with FPSs everywhere, this is quite the game to get ye outta that cage and even become more of a minor creator than an actual gamer, that's unless you actually play this game how it should've been in which that case I salute you."
,Recommended,270210,9288741,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"This game has great potential. At first I played my music and looked at the speed. I started on a slower note then went to a higher one. However what came odd is the timing which some may have to work with in the options of videos. Other things to note is the fact it is visually entertaining. Melody's Escape entrances one with the commands to sync with songs however those songs you have to have on your own. The game is good but using a game pad isn't fuly customizable so keyboard is pretty much default as before. If you play this don't jam mad on your keyboard, it will mess your tempo. Fun and frustrating. The songs react accordingly to the settings and song with it's own bpm. The game reminds me of certain other rhythm games however as I said adjustment to the video settings might help those getting first up in it. It has great potential and like the colors and skins. I look forward to progress. Basically breakdown:Good so far: Music Sync, Visuals, keyboard ControlsImprovements: Visual Options(Basically because of everyone's so called initial trouble on discussion), Mode setting maybe beginner for those who aren't used to this, Game Pad customization compatibility, and possibly in future editions more buttons pressed with different action of visual element instead of compounding speed.Additions: Skins and colors, backdrops?Over all I'd say the game has met my standards on what to expect. In terms 3-4/5. Not fully done yet. Still great potential and promise. Problems do occur time to time. Although I must admit expecting it to hit her belly is what got some of us confused as for the flying parts. Still overall looking forward if further development."
,Recommended,270210,12019696,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,アイス Daemon 凸(¬‿¬)凸,edit i still recommened it but for me its a bit too easy.. ive been playing about an hour now and i can eaily play on intense on random songs with an avrage of 3 4 stars.. was hoping it would be more challangeing therefore im lowering the rateing too about a 6.. as apposed too the orginal its this in early access but time will tell what happens with this.. also has steam workshop which i was supirsed about theres some new skins.. not much else but minor bonustoo start with its not overly hard if you ever played the guitar hero series if you can play anything on hard or above just start on hard.. the controls are easy and simple.. kinda a fun muck around you can use your own music as a bonus.. which i think is cool..but it does not like metal it dont seem too work well with that style of music.. electroinca dance dub step all good it does a better job with those things.. i guess its the way its coded or something and that may changeas a bonus the girls hair color changes each time you pick up one of the colored notes..only bad thing is that you dont get any music too use when you get the game or from what i found i had too use my own stuff.. and maybe it needs leader boards or something as well.. lets hope early access so it may happenid say if your into rythum games its different.. its not overly hard if your looking for a hardcore expereience like through the fire and flames expert on guitar hero your not gonna find it in this.. but its still fun too muck around with i would say yes and its still in development so for now it seems stable maybe pick up on sale. when you canoverall8.5/10
,Recommended,270210,9282202,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mlady-senpai,I can tell this is going to be my go-to chill out game.  Good fun rythm game.  Obviously still needs some work (as it's early release) but I love it and would recommend
,Recommended,270210,12391330,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,rakiru,"Enjoyable, and one of the better music analysis systems I've seen in a game.The tempo detection is a bit hit-and-miss with anything over 180-200BPM, but still follows the beat, so still playable.Good mix of difficulties, with the custom difficulty settings letting you tailor it to your taste.FLAC support and decent unicode support.It sadly doesn't have the ability to scrobble tracks to LastFM at the time of writing."
,Recommended,270210,14874590,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,OtherACTION,"10/10After playing this for a short time, I realized how many songs I really do have on my computer.If I had the time and patience to play all my songs through, my game time would be over 600 hours."
,Recommended,270210,16491231,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,delixer,I really like this game. I was a little hesitant to purchase it but am so glad that I did. Immediately after installing the game iset out to see if there was a genreof music that the game could not handle. everything I threw at it worked wonderfully. I feel like I am actively participatingin my music when I play it through this game.
76561198069809320,Recommended,270210,9401470,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Watson Velonica,8/10 would bob head again.
,Recommended,270210,14784710,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,A great rhythm game powered by your own music. I kinda prefer the choice this game made with interfacing your music over other rhythm games that are powered by your own music like Audiosurf or Beat Hazard. More like a traditional rhythm game like DDR but still with a style of its own.
,Recommended,270210,13143857,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tygrysek,Okay. This seems pretty much hard xPBut actually it's an AMAZINGLY astonishing game. Worth buying.
,Recommended,270210,13500291,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Luna,"Really a good game,Well designed and the syncronisation with the songs is perfect.Worth the price"
,Recommended,270210,24254541,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,project van,"After playing this game for almost 4 hours (which is not a lot) i think i can make a review.Melody's Escpare is a rhythm game in which you can choose one of your own tracks and the game will automatically make an obstacle map out of it. Melody's escape is simple but still its not an easy game. In the game you can use a keyboard or a controller i prefer a controller for the best experience but playing with keyboard is fun too but harder to get used to. The control schemes are not hard in this game cuz it only requires only 8 buttons.Gameplay: In the map that the game created your job is to get trough the obstacles by pressing the right buttons which will possibly be the arrows for you. There are also ''floating orbs'' that can be collected by pressing the right buttons, but when you are catching floating orbs in instnse difficulty it will require other keys to catch not the arrows. Here the normal setting is w,a,s,d keys so you dont have to sit in an uncomfortable pose to play the best.Overall i think who likes rhythm games should get this cuz its addicting but to get used to it you need to play a little.While i played the game the only problem was that sometimes it doesnt really percieve  some things but other than that its a good game."
76561198043871036,Recommended,270210,29479566,Posted: 25 January,all,Pasmikta,"Its a nice relaxing game, feels well made! Overall a enjoyable experience!"
,Recommended,270210,23238553,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,I escaped from my school because of this game.
,Recommended,270210,28037632,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lttl_Soul_Keeper,"Hey all,I've played this game for nearly 300 hours now, so I thought it would be a good time to write a review.I really love my music and i really love gaming, combine the two and you get Melody's Escape.I am a PC gamer so if I may reccomend something, play it with your keyboard.... a lot of people say it is so easy, ofcourse it is going to be a lot less difficult if you play this with a controller! (a controller should only be used for a game like Blazblue)So yes, i recommend this game to anyone who loves music and gaming, I play this game everyday. For once a game in which you can use your own favorite music!"
,Recommended,270210,23144581,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,csmc⋆,"Really fun game. Like the idea that you can pick the songs that you want to use and change the skins via workshop and don't have to buy them! Getting the hang of it took me a couple of games and then I was finally able to play it without thought. Worth the money I spent it on - definitely not a waste of disc space. It's a little rage inducing for me, though...P.S. This is also a really good reflex warmup prior to playing CS:GO or any shooter game that includes aim and reflex."
76561198363221240,Recommended,270210,31052543,Posted: 9 April,all,Vel Rust,Absolutely love this game. See myself playing it for years. And it makes me all gushy thinking about how perfect it is!
,Recommended,270210,23150409,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,BlinkSh0t,"The controls at some points at a bit unresponsive.Also the Easy difficulty is... well easy. Tapping one button for 30secs+ is quite repetitive. More color alterations would do the trick, over longer spreads.... If possible.But!And I meam BUT!This game is AWESOME!! I love it! Definitely would recommend it to anyone!!Keep up the good work. I would love to see where you take this game."
76561197987523639,Recommended,270210,23146773,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,(∆)FoxDIE(∆)la vie est belle,time eater :D
,Recommended,270210,23129432,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ZoCks,"It´s really wesome, had so much fun trying so much songs.. not all of them match perfectly, but the ""algorythem"" ^^ used its very good, it tells you as well how well it could matched and a lot of them was a blast to listen and coordinating the moves at the same rythm. Overall the matching is much better as I expected.After playing it for hours, the animations start to wear a bit of... but after a shor break I could resist to play again, it´s a blast! And! Workshop support, thats very cool!The tunes it comes with are great for my taste too.Final Veredict: Money well spent"
,Recommended,270210,23879863,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ちびゆきえりっく,"Even though I bought this when it was on Steam sale, this game was really great. It turned my favotie songs into a game. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198009316076,Recommended,270210,26040569,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The Matlock,"I bought Melody's Escape quite some time ago and I'm surprised it took me so long to review it, and to to put it simply, I love it.It takes the rhythm based gameplay made popular by Guitar Hero and turns it into a side scrolling platformer style experience, and allows you to play your own music in the same way games like Audiosurf and Beat Hazard do. When combined together it's a great experience. Whether you're cruising to video game rock, pirate metal, symphonic metal, country, or almost any piece of music, you can have a great time with this one.Plus with the workshop support you can change the basic avatar into a number of different characters, from Goku and Megaman, up to humanized versions of the cast of MLP: Friendship is Magic if you're so inclined. So you could technically change the avatar to look like Link and put him through a heavy metal/EDM mix of the Legend of Zelda theme. Or, well any sort of combination really.That's the beauty of it. A game like this just says ""here I am"" and it's up to you to make the experience through your own choice of song, and avatar. I should also mention there are four basic difficulty settings to switch things up further, OR on top of that you can tweak the settings to make a custom difficulty setting all your own. Again, there is practically limitless freedom with this one and it's worth every penny.So, having just used Princess Luna from MLP through Metallica's cover of Stone Cold Crazy, I give this game the highest possible recommendation. Go buy it and make your own experiences."
,Recommended,270210,31907374,Posted: 22 May,all,HeathRane,"With almost perfect synchronization except for a few songs and customizable character/theme through Workshop, it's a great game to play!It is quite hard to play on keyboard, so controller is recommended."
76561197991602575,Recommended,270210,31365100,Posted: 25 April,all,Crabby_Bastard,"Good game, like most runners not something I'd play for long periods of time but fun in short bursts. Simple to play but entertaining, well-designed, trippy, perfect music for the game type, not too shabby at all. Recommended."
,Recommended,270210,20077029,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Opal,"""Relaxing"" difficulty is anything but. This game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,270210,32956051,Posted: 28 June,all,Zeet,"I've been playing rhythm games all my life, including lots of Dance Dance Revolution, Guitar Hero, Rock Band, Sound Voltex, Beatmania IIDX, Jubeat, etc. Having played audiosurf and Bit. Trip. Runner., I found myself interested in this project back when it was proposed on Steam Greenlight, intrigued by this new idea of a runner/rhythm game with computer generated levels, recognizing a similariity with Vib-Ribbon, which I have never played. When it was succesfully released on Steam, I decided I would try it later. Well now I have and here's the rundown.I have played through these songs in testing it:MAX 300 - Ω (actual BPM 150 (was detected))Saber Wing - TAG (3/4 timing (detected that it wasn't 4/4))Shades of Grey - FracasBlind Justice ～Torn souls, Hurt Faiths～ - Zektbach (contains slowdown at end)CHAOS - DE-SIRE retunesThe Good:beatmatching is on point (even recognizing when I threw it a song in a non 4/4 timing)relatively accurate tempo evaluation (I fed it songs I knew the bpm of and it gave me the correct bpm)nice, clean visualswarns player of potential low frame rate (which can mess with gameplay)The Bad:Cannot account for time signtures outside of 4/4 (resulting in odd levels with s♥♥♥♥♥tic notes)does not account for more gradual bpm changes (granted, that is likely difficult with computer generated levels)locks it's note generation to the beat (1/4, 1/2, and whole notes only) resulting in simple rhythmic patternsThe Different:difficulty comes from the number of inputs (1, 4, 8, and specific combinations of 8)I prefer more rhythmic complexity when it comes to timing, so that's why I enjoy playing DDR, SDVX, IIDX, and the like and with this game locking out anything shorter than a 1/4 note, it really feels less entertaining to me. for those entering the rhythm game sphere, this may be some nice fun zoning out, but for people like me, I cannot reccomend it."
,Recommended,270210,17562076,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Soulless,"probably the only game that I have to use the colours to know which keys to press because sometimes I press left when it's supposed to be right.... despite that being said, this game is awesome, you have no limit to what songs you want to play and if you'd want something challenging you can play on INTENSE mode which requires you to use both WASD keys and the ARROW keys at the same time. (like, who doesn't love using dual keys??)- It accepts all music files (MP4 all the way to WMA and even iTunes)- It's Challenging- It can be relaxing at the same time- YOU GET TO USE YOUR OWN MUSIC RIGHT FROM YOUR FILES ! :Dwell the only bad things about this is if you miss an arrow key and you just hit a wall.. and  you'd respawn after afew keys have been played, and they'd count all that as miss even though you only missed one key :'( ... but that's okay this game is still awesome when i'm stressed etc. (the mods make it more cool too.) ^^Side Note : I honestly believe that this game should be cheaper, I bought it at around $3 due to the sale since it was 75% off, I think they should sell it at $5.50 max. Either that, I encourage people to buy this game if it's 50% off or more."
,Recommended,270210,19398642,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SCLeo,"Great game!An important thing to tell people using a key board instead of game pad:The arrows under the floor are directions which you should press up/down/left/right by default when she walks by.BUT, the colorful circles float in the air (That makes no sense) are color notes which you should press WASD by default instead of arrow keys.YES, THEY DO MIXED UP IN EASY AND NORMAL MODE. (I have no idea why developer mixed them up.... It takes me a very long time (about 5 minutes) to figure it out xD)"
,Recommended,270210,29345951,Posted: 18 January,all,Mickspad,"I know I have little playtime, but I can honestly say I recommend this game to anyone who doesn't suffer from motion sickness, it gets a bit too fast for me at points.This game is basically Vib Ribbon Remastered, and considering Vib Ribbon isn't that popular of a game, this is a cool way of playing something similar.If you want a recommendation of a fun song to play, try ""I Burn"" (Yang's theme from RWBY) or ""Rooftop Run"" from Sonic Unleashed and Generations"
,Recommended,270210,9421484,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,💲 Lord B🅰e-Licious💲,"This is by far the most fun game I've played in a long time. I adore music, so being able to interact with different songs and play courses molded to the music you love is just amazing.Relaxing mode is great for just chilling to music and yet provides a challenge as well. I can't wait to try out all the different modes.11/10 would recommend this game to anyone who loves music, a fun time, a challenge, or pretty visuals."
76561198148760818,Recommended,270210,23195368,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,SSBFreak,"Imagine Bit.Trip Runner, but with the ability to put in your own music, and a lot of fun community mods to keep things entertaining. You've got this game. Want to run to ""Beat It"" as Octodad? Go ahead! How about some U2 or Ke$sha as Undyne? You can do that too!Keep this in mind: You need to make sure your music is the right format. My version will play mp3, but not m4a.It's simple, but real fun. Definitely my favourite rhythm game in a long time."
76561198017521447,Recommended,270210,35307575,Posted: 29 September,all,Towelie,"Melody´s Escape is a rhythm game which combines your music with gaming.Its a great game which in my opinion can very well keep up with the other big games like Audiosurf and Osu!It feels a bit more casual which is in no way a bad thing.+A small but great optimiced Soundtrack+Beautiful Visuals+Steam Workshop Support+Support your own Music Libary-Some imported songs feel a bit off and out of sync.If you are looking for a more casual approach of rhythm games with absolutly beautiful visuals, this might be the game for you!"
,Recommended,270210,33668344,Posted: 20 July,all,Nyarlako,"Very fun and addictive game, and handles all genre of music really well.If you like runner and rythm games you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,270210,32201582,Posted: 5 June,all,C0oky,"TL;DR10/10Performs audio detection magicSerious ReviewIn my opinion Melody's Escape is a very nice rhytm/reaction game with an appealing, minimalistic look.First I really struggled hitting any button at the right time (even on lowest difficulty) but after a bit of practise it gets easier on the lower difficulties and you can try out harder ones. (by now I'm near to a perfect chain on 'Intense' difficulty)So on one side this game can be a relaxing activity while listening to music.On the other side it can get hard enough to become a tough challenge.How fast you could get bored of this game depends on the size of your music library^^PS: I would recommend a controller."
,Recommended,270210,17223833,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Vamare,Very interesting game which is useful to change pace and calm down from other more intense games.
,Recommended,270210,32849533,Posted: 27 June,all,Goo6i,For the love of music please add Youtube support holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,270210,27698600,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SamarraMari,"Great game, im obsessed. Love you can use your own songs"
76561198046702844,Recommended,270210,33094577,Posted: 1 July,all,The Brown Ranger,"I really enjoy this game, the visuals are great, Graphics are great, the built in soundtrack is small yet great. I only see like one problem, and It's probably just me, but the beat detection of my own music is a bit off, and the built in custom sync in the game can only make things go faster, the problem is I need to make it slower for me to be in snyc. If the devs read this, please add that option and my opinion of this game will be higher. But anyone looking for a good rhythm game, I do recomend it, If those are the kind of games you like,  It is really fun, Aside for that. but maybe that's just me."
76561198019014829,Recommended,270210,23174400,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Varileztra,"I love this game.I suck at it... like... the worst parts of songs for me are the slow parts.However... sometimes the game does really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ combinations, but as i said, i just suck.It trains: reflexes, eye-hand coordinationAnd it inspired me to a story.Thank you.(Btw, here is the story in case you are interested >:D It gives the game a little bit of a backstoryhttp://tahrgath.deviantart.com/art/Melody-s-Escape-english-version-611644302)"
,Recommended,270210,13754153,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shinorei,Really fun game to play my music with.Great to just chill out and play.Looking forward to more skinsoverall great game!
,Recommended,270210,18559181,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ssjkenny,It's like Bit Trip Runner but with your own music. Great game.
,Recommended,270210,32897882,Posted: 27 June,all,SpookyPretzel,"Hell yes do I reccomend this. I do hope you see this, Dev, but this game is actually fantastic. Not only does it allow custom music but it syncs them with the level. This game is very well done. All the people that downvote are little kids that think this entire thing will sync 100% to their liking. Come at me. But for real, this game is wonderful. Like my everyday life with music. Running with the beat. (No flying or anything tho XD)Fantastic game, dude. I hope you continue to update this game and make many more like this."
,Recommended,270210,18669663,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mangotank,"A must-have for fans of rhythm games! If you like games such as audiosurf, you'll enjoy Melody's Escape.Fun, challenging gameplay combined with some very cool visuals  make for a unique experience. Audio recognition picks up most songs ""FAIRLY"" well for both faster and slower paced music.Songs that have a very high number of bpm (beats per minute over 120. Ex. Hip Hop or Metal) are a poor experience.However, there does need to be more animations/obstacles and backrounds to keep the game more appealing. Visually its intensive with a blur and does cause a bit of eye strain during extended play sessions. An hour is the most I can take personally.Overall a great game that I could recommend to fans of rhythm games.P.S. Nine Inch Nails' songs are pretty enjoyable, try Came Back Hauntedor run Cream on Chrome by Ratatat. Great fun :)"
,Not Recommended,270210,33562591,Posted: 15 July,all,Connor,"Visually, the game is nice enough and the Steam Workshop option for having custom skins is a nice touch as well.Where the game doesn't excel is as a music game, or worse yet as a rhythm game if you think of it as one. The danger of allowing anyone's music is that you have to cater to a lot of different problems. Even songs with fairly regular beats may not follow the rhythm that's most prominent, or the percussion. This on its own wouldn't be a problem, if the game had better visual language.Unfortunately, tempo shifts are dealt with by a change in the color of background, possibly a change in your avatar (walking, running, flying), and happen pretty abruptly. This makes it very hard to quickly adapt, or in some cases to even tell what your timing should be. Some sort of visual cue to show ""beat lines"" would be immensely helpful in mitigating this situation. It's also a shame because it means often a lot of the space on the screen is wasted - if your runner is walking, there's not really any advantage to looking at the right half of the screen.The algorithm itself isn't bad, but after playing Audiosurf 1 and 2, Beat Hazard, and even Rhythm Zone, I'm pretty familiar with these sorts of automatic detection methods and how the song will interact with the game. Melody's Run is actually surprisingly versatile - if the gameplay engine was better I'd enjoy a variety of styles.There are other visual issues - some of the motions will cause your avatar to be leaning as they slide along slopes, which makes it unclear which part of your runner you should be tracking to figure out timing. Tight pairing of arrow cues are also very tough to figure out since it's a bit of trial and error to figure out where exactly different arrow cues start, and combining them with the guesswork of where your runner's ""hitbox"" really is at the moment can be ugly.Another issue is that some of the up arrow cues have you jump off cliffs. Unfortunately you can't see what's below you until you're almost on top of it if the jumps are long and tall. Sometimes this means you're going to have to react immediately as soon as you land, and that breaks up the feel of following a rhythm.When you miss an arrow cue, you'll trip, bump your head into terrain, etc. and despawn. A bit later you'll spawn again, further on the track since the music keeps playing, and this is also handled poorly. There's no slow phasing in, you'll just pop up out of nowhere meaning you lose your sense of what pace you're running at (especially if you happen to despawn across tempo changes). This often results in extra misses, or even spawning immediately after an arrow and ""missing it"", leading you to despawn again. Not only does it make playing the game futile sometimes, but it's exceedingly punishing and could be easily avoided.Finally, the game has some performance issues. I don't have the best machine out there, but it's more than a ""minimal"" machine by a long shot. I had to turn down the performance settings, and kill a few video settings, otherwise midgame sometimes the game would freeze for a bit, the last few moments of buffered music would loop endlessly in an annoying stutter, my runner would jerk forward and fall into the ground, and then the game would catch up 5-20 seconds later, flinging me further down the track and guaranteeing a miss, not to mention player confusion. In a music game, real-time (or the illusion of real-time) response is paramount - and the audio getting messed up during these portions makes it even worse.tl;dr Game had potential, is a fun casual run, but suffers from some bugs and visual design choices that detract from gameplay. If you're looking for something to do while listening to your music, this game's not a bad way to add some color and keep your hands busy, but that's about it."
,Recommended,270210,21100085,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,LatePacket,This Game Is Simply One Of The Best Timing/Rhythm Games I Have Ever Played... Seamlessly Loads Your Music And Makes A Playable Level Out Of It Is Awesome And Yes I Know There A Quite A Few Games That Do This Now. But It’s The Perfect Type Of Game For People Who Like 2D Side Scrolling Rhythm Games :3Pros:-Works Well-Fun and Relaxing-Loads Fast-Relaxing Art Style-Uses Your Own MusicCons:- Not all songs make interesting levels9/10 ~Always Room For Improvement ;)
76561198042918856,Recommended,270210,21082325,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TwOne,"Great rhythm game. Run, jump and parkour on your favourite music tracks.What I like- Colorful- Nice graphical effects- Character customisation with Steam Workshop support- Supports 4K and is well optimised- Multiple algorithms to build tracks, Tempo and Energy Peaks. Tempo usually works best.- Works well with pretty much any song (be careful with Metal though)What I don't like- Fast speeds cause eye fatigue (max settings)- Audio and visuals are out of sync sometimes- No global scoreboards (nitpick)- Feels a little girly (nitpick)"
,Recommended,270210,20139040,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sushi,I made an anthropomorphized Rainbow Dash run to The Final Countdown. I feel so alive.10/10 would take customization too far again
,Not Recommended,270210,23223948,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,rise,"Wasn't really a decent game to me.Game only really plays half decently with EDM... Only really seemed to turn out decently if you have a big unts unts track, as should have been expected. I threw plenty of Modest Mouse, Radiohead, and Brand New at it and the only track that made a decent chart was a B-side dance remix of Soco Amaretto Lime (Moleman Remix).Anything else I threw at it had pretty pretty pee-awful detection, no matter how prominent a beat was.It's a good game/idea, but the only real challenge (on the hardest difficulty) to it felt like calibrating the lag and not getting a headache from the backwards color symbols.Why not just arrows on the color orbs instead of those headache inducing blobs?I play drums, have a pretty good music background in practice and education, and have played lots of rhythm games, it just didn't really feel enjoyable at all here."
,Recommended,270210,15633175,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,夜烏,"Best. Melodic. Game. Ever.11/10 Because I love the way it is.Also, there's a workshop thingy that's really cool."
,Recommended,270210,9272233,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,UnseatingKDawg,"This game is very good, period.  Loading music into it is a snap - you can either find the file on your drive, or you can just open your music player and drag-and-drop the file right into the game window.  The load times are very quick, even when uploading a song for the first time.  Sound quality is crystal-clear, animation is smooth.  This game did surprise me though - some sections of songs that are normally slow-paced (like the intro to Free Bird by Lynyrd Skynyrd, for example) have Melody running at a higher speed.  Not exactly a bad thing - the game still runs smoothly as the beat changes.  If you happen to flub up, it's not bad either - you get placed back on the course at exactly the right spot every time, without hindering the music.If you like rhythm games, I highly recommend this one.  $10 (or until March, $9) is a fair price for this title."
76561198059676244,Not Recommended,270210,23161953,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Smithybum,"I'll happily admit I'm not very good at rythmn games but I tend to enjoy them regardless. However this game had some issues which rendered it nearly unplayable, despite my greatest efforts to fix them.Firstly, there's the incoming symbols and obstacles. They were nearly a blur and neigh impossible to focus on until I found out that you could zoom out the camera. That helped, but it wasn't quite enough. I also had to turn off the moving background to focus better.Next there was the lag. I'm not entirely sure the reason for this but there was massive lag at the beginning of a song, and usually at the end as well. This may simply be the song sync and saving of my results, but it was a near-standstill until I returned to the menu.I'm not sure if its just me, but I also found the symbols a bit confusing at times. I don't feel that there was enough indication to which direction to press, but as I said, that may just be me.The good thing about this game is the fact that you can put any song or even video audio in and it'll auto generate a level and button prompts. This was something I would've loved in Kickbeat and it was done very well here.I suppose that in summary, if you are a hardcore rythmn game player or just looking to drop £4 on a sale item, grab this. Otherwise, if you're more of a casual player of these games like me, or  sometimes struggle to focus on a screen when there's too much going on, go get something else."
76561198170785126,Recommended,270210,29323902,Posted: 17 January,all,Vyrrh,"Who is Melody?What is she trying to escape?Where did she learn to fly?Why does she fall sometimes despite her ability to fly?Is she really a girl? What if she isn't?Why does the protagonist wear such skimpy, skin-tight outfits?Who let the bronies add mods? Why have they not been purged? HOW DID THEY ESCAPE?!I have so many questions!<Vee's Rating> It's pretty. I would tap the wrong button, break a chain, briefly turn greyscale and wear revealing clothes while jamming to my favourite tunes all over again just to be in Melody's company for just a little bit longer, but this tale has no ending. Melody can never truly escape. Not even death can save her.She can never Regain Control."
76561198022867745,Not Recommended,270210,34763632,Posted: 5 September,all,Apolodog,"The game is a bit iffy once you add your own music. This and many other problems could have been solved by an integrated track editor, allowing us to shape the scene as we see fit. Sadly, such customization is not available at the moment. While it is a neat little thing, there is no reason to play more than a couple of minutes considering the so-so music algorithm"
,Recommended,270210,9281603,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Frank,"No Audiosurf in either gameplay or tempo algorythm, that's for sure. Yet Melody's Escape has its moments. Hopefully the developers will sort it all out before final build."
,Not Recommended,270210,23161632,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ArcticFoxUSA,"If you see the screenshots, that's literally all the game is.  The menu is barebones, the options are nearly non-existant, and the running never changes.That would all be fine, except for one MAJOR problem -- there is no way to create your own custom map, and the music autodetection is imperfect.  It's not *terrible* by any means, but with every song I tested (Mostly Vocaloid -- heck, it's Miku running there!), there were distinct times where the map I was playing did not match with the beat at all.  Most of the time, it feels like it *almost* matches what's going on with the song, but it never feels like a cohesive experience.If this were a free game, I would recommend it.  It's flawed and feels incomplete, but there's some fun to be had when it works.  There are several games online, for free, with already created custom maps for most songs out there.  The bad autogenerated tracks coupled with the inability to customize your own really kills the experience."
,Recommended,270210,23283801,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TheDeadbird,"Started out with Gorillaz, Hypocrisy, and Imagine Dragons.Got overly confident.Put on Headhunterz...Realized I made a terrible mistake...10/10 would have soul crushed again."
76561198083214379,Recommended,270210,9514131,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,TWFTM,"My second review for this game. My first attempt felt terrible, mainly due to frustrate issues and weirdly synced songs.However, after the developer contacted me and offered help I retried the game with his advice.The second play through proved far more enjoyable. With more stable frame rates and using better synced songs I enjoyed the game thoroughly. The Beat detector seems decent, and will work about 80-90% of the time.Keyboard controls are reasonable, but I found it more responsive with an Xbox Controller, (I haven't tried the PS controller).Loading up a level (accompanied to Chicane's Poppiholla), I found the beat syncing to within a reasonable level, there were a few mistakes, but because this in Early Access, plus the uniquely generated levels, I let this slide. The timing was okay, but it seemed difficult to gauge when to accurately press the needed key, but, the game play is functional enough to adapt to, and obviously, as mentioned before, this is, essentially, an almost finished beta, so this may be fixed in later iterations.The game features alternating backgrounds based on the dynamics of the song. Quieter sections feature Melody walking slowly through the rain with a nice cityscape backdrop. The loudest sections can have Melody flying through space.All in all, the game fells and plays well enough to be enjoyable. It could do with a little polishing, but these issues my be resolved in later versions. The graphics options will obviously need to be tweaked for optimisation, but it looks as if it would work in universal PCs.I feel I can recommend this game."
,Recommended,270210,9555806,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,SadowSon,"So it's still in Beta development, but the guy working on this has done a tremendous job.I remember playing Frets on Fire on PC, using my keyboard as a guitar. However that required editing the song and putting in all the notes.Melody's Escape does it all for you - analyses the song and then lets you get straight into it. And to top it off, the analysing bit only takes a few seconds. This guy really has done a tremendous job at working on this and I heavily recommend it for any gaming and music fans out there.If anything, my suggestion for improvement is the timing of the orbs in relation to the tempo of the song. I'll admit, I find medium difficulty flippin hard on this, but I really love being able to listen to my music and play a game that fits with it at the same time.Even if your not a hardcore fan of either music or gaming, $10 for this is most definately worth it."
,Recommended,270210,10501044,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Keybladerift,By far the best music beat game when it comes to the music selection interface and how it works. A game that can be played for hours and hours so long as you have music you want to play it to.
76561198038423868,Recommended,270210,10235214,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Gaylord Stea₥bath,Every music lover should get this game! I have always had fun interacting with music and this game was perfect for that. If I could choose how many stars this game deserves it would be 5/5.
,Recommended,270210,9299658,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,{T.WW} Delarosa Raksha,"This is a very simple game that goes to the rhythm of my music... I LOVE this game and am worth the buy… just a warning if u gets motion sickness this is not 4 u.http://www.melodysescape.com/What is Melody's Escape?Melody's Escape is a runner/rhythm PC game with gameplay synchronized to your own music library! (MP3s, WMAs, iTunes, FLAC, etc.)When you're running outside with a portable music player blasting music through your headphones, have you ever felt a sudden burst of energy when a specific part of a song started playing?In Melody's Escape, advanced audio detection algorithms transcribes the energy that you feel when listening to music and synchronizes that experience with the game.It will adapt in real-time to the intensity of the music and change the movement mode accordingly, from walking during very slow calm parts up to all-out flying when your music explodes!Melody's Escape features 4 different intensity movement modes, each with their own obstacles:WalkingJoggingRunningFlyingYour goal is the help Melody avoid obstacles and collect floating orbs (all of which are in sync with the beats of the music, thanks to powerful BPM/tempo detection) by pressing buttons in rhythm. Depending on your own personnal preferences, you can choose to have a relaxing experience or a very intense one thanks to 3 difficulty settings:Relaxing - Each intensity movement mode requires the same button/key press for all obstacles; a relaxing way to enjoy your music.Normal - The type of obstacles (and associated color input) depends on the musical key of each specific beat.Intense - The complete gameplay experience, keeping you on your toes! :)Melody's Escape also has a strong focus on voices and long held notes (wether it's violin or dubstep wub-wubs), giving you the opportunity to slide alongside the voice while it is held in the song. This makes playing on beautiful songs even more enthralling!"
,Recommended,270210,9363600,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,FookedonHonix,"I am a big fan of music rhythm games, especially ones that are dynamically shaped by music from your own music library. Having played many games in this genre, I can say with confidence and pleasure that the audio detection engine in this game is excellent. The gameplay is fun and offers a good variety of obstacles. The colors and effects are very nice. I love how on long notes or long vocals your action is to press and hold. Good variety of difficulty options as well. Based on the gameplay videos and screenshots I was skeptical this would be any good. But I took a chance because I love the genre, and I was pleasantly surprised by just how good this is. The dev is still tweaking the levels, but even as-is I find it excellent. I havn't ran into a time where a note was misplaced relative to the music. There is a lot of potential with this engine. I would love to see even more enhancements as well as an Ipad\iphone version."
,Recommended,270210,10174420,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,SaturdayXIII,"If I didn't suck at rhythm games this would be more fun.  It's still plenty of fun.Scale:1=despised 2=negative 3=could go either way 4=acceptable 5=lovedGame design: 4/5Plays and looks great, and it's still getting better.Tone: 4/5Simple but effective.Personal skew: 4/5I do love a rhythm runner that plays my music."
,Recommended,270210,10257514,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ludmila Lourie,"It's more interactive and united to the music.Even there is many difficulties when i was playing, it went well when i synchronize it along with the music.Follow the music and don't keep confused about the pattern when it plays. Even you like the music you will get more fun if you play this game."
76561198077244518,Recommended,270210,18431695,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ｃｒ４ｗＬ１ｎ９,Challenging  and fun.Perfect for rainy days.I rate this 10 spooks of 10
,Recommended,270210,9274991,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dirax,"I have been following Melody's Escape for a while and looking forward to its release thinking it would be a fun but fairly simple rhythm game.  After playing it for a while, I can honestly say it is fun but nowhere near simple.  This game is brutal in the best way. Playing on Normal difficulty is a real challenge for almost all of my songs (though I do have a lot of metal, so maybe its that).  Running and dodging all the obstacle is fun, the aesthetic is great, and it gets almost surreal when you start flying.  If you like rhythm games and want something that will give you a real challenge, look no further."
,Recommended,270210,9276055,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[Sky] Zanano,"I played several songs of varying speeds, and enjoyed them somewhat, but I found the background/ground makes a distracting blur, and I feel the obstacles could be further distinguished from the landscape with a color difference. The orb hit boxes seemed off most of the time, the result being that I would repeatedly hit the orbs a split second too soon, enough to make it frustrating. It feels more like I am playing DDR or guitar hero, when I would rather be playing something closer to audiosurf.Overall, difficulty seems to be the main issue.On the other hand, I quite the like the interface, and the music selection menu is very easy, seperating folders and individual files by seperate boxes. Very handy."
,Recommended,270210,9277034,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Herz,"I started up a nice high tempo track in my library on Normal to get started.  I smacked into walls, fell into holes, and tripped over the ground while experiencing the best acid trip of my life.8.5/10"
,Recommended,270210,9276598,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Beowolf8379,"THIS GAME IS SO FLIPPIN HARD OMG but its so fun, so simple and with an EASIER SETTING THAN EASY this game could be for kids to increase thier reaction time...MINE IS SLOWER THAN A CHILDS THO"
76561198074876825,Recommended,270210,9274276,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Maximo254,"Solid game, the only real gripe i have right now is the controls are kinda sluggish. Notes are the most acturate i've seen in put your own music rhtyem game. I wish it had its own sound track so i could actually see how I rank against other players. I listen to alot of underground music so alot of the music I have no one else even knows about. Also if you could give the ability to change the controls for the controller would be great too. I understand where you were going with the color scheme thing, but I would rather have my controls how they are on the controller. Y being UP, A being Down ect"
76561198003081069,Recommended,270210,9276841,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,TheSpy0,"I'm not terribly good at these types of games. Normal seems very difficult. I enjoy this game, though. I hope to see the improvements thate will be made to it down the road.It reminds me a little bit of Bit.Runner. I love being able to play your own music."
76561198059218822,Recommended,270210,9277430,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,JaegerBombastic,"Oh man where to begin. This game is absolutely great, fun, challenging, but not to the point where it is frustrating. In fact it just keeps you coming back for more. Gameplay is pretty straightforward, colors and directions are mapped to WASD keys, but arrows can also be used, but only with other arrows. This can all be configured though if want to. The amount of replayability on this game is practically limitless provided that you have that many songs on file."
,Recommended,270210,9277298,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[Gent] Killerpanda,"Definitely a little trippy and simple, but the difficulty makes finishing a song an accomplishment. A great rhythm game to say the least."
,Recommended,270210,9277462,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Momoyo is Best Girl,This game is absolutely BEAUTIFUL. The system analyzes your music well and provides a great experience. The game makes you feel like a part of the song and is absolutely a great way to wind down. 10/10 would definitely reccomend.
,Recommended,270210,9277754,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,[KCT] Aven Soraster,"Though still in Early Access and quite difficult to get to pace (Melody loves to go fast), it already shows great potential of being a game ALL types of audiences would appeal to, except those who, unfortunately, do not show interest in music that much, understandable at times.We've all played games like this before, tapping buttons while accompanying the rhythm while having your eyes fed by simple (some) yet pleasing visuals. But we never... ever... (imo) had the option of using our own music, the possibilities that open up become ENDLESS. You could even record yourself singing (nails on a chalkboard if I'm the one doing it) and play it there! This game, serves to feed your appetite for music, the way YOU want it. Putting your money into buying this game, promising to become even better in the future, will totally be worth it."
,Recommended,270210,9278564,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,4tissimo,"Found it on steam, and the visuals and concept immediately caught my attention.After playing it for a few hours with different songs, It has its fair share of pros and cons but im not going to make judgments about the price.The game's music reading feature is awesome but far from perfect.The biggest problem is some times when the music is supposed to go slow, Melody's in flying mode and sometimes when i expect it to go faster, she's just jogging. Honestly, it's weird.Notes are pretty exact, but they don't quite give a feel of rhythm other than the long notes. Now this may be a jarring flaw but i'll give it a benefit of doubt. As to why, it's because the visuals really hamper the player's ability to notice and react to oncoming notes (relying on sound is good but there's different buttons).The speed of the game ( mostly when melody's sprinting ) really drives it to become more reaction-based though, and the visuals just add fuel to the fire and makes it almost impossible for anyone starting out to get used to the game easily.For the visuals, it's really smooth, it's so smooth i could just watch it for hours. Unfortunately, sometimes when it lags (due to weaker PCs) it becomes rather painful to see.I also expect weaker eyes to break easily, as I would rate myself rather durable when it comes to tolerating disorienting effects on the computer screen. It was close to bringing me to pain.The music loading is fast and informational, it even warns me if my the game isn't quite compatible with the song I am loading in.Ultimately, I would recommend this game, it's fun to play, it's fun to watch, and it lets you load your own music. I'm looking forward to future updates to improve the experience.It's in Early Access and should be given some breathing space for its flaws.So I'll throw out some things i noticed and think should be fixed here:Audio feedback from hitting notes ( i really hope this comes in, preferably customizable)On non-intense mode, the directional keys don't seem to function properly... it shocked me that when i tried to play using directional when starting for the obstacles... and nothing seemed to be working... and almost thought i wasted moneyLarger notes for when you're not flying, probably sprinting... it's really hard to see with every thing rushing by at the moment.End."
,Recommended,270210,9278944,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Protos Ω,"The question isn't ""Should I buy this"", it is ""Why haven't I bought this yet?""Seriously the best Early Access Greenlight game I have ever played. Looking forward to the updates!"
76561198061668831,Recommended,270210,9279008,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mike Rowe,I feel like I'm having a seizure while I'm playing this game. I'd play it if I didn't have internet connection though. Fun game for interacting with your music.
,Recommended,270210,9276452,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,SoulMystique,I loved it! Took me a while to get used to and I didn't really get it till my recording software fixed a little response bug or something. But after that I fell in love. The game is amazing and colorful and overall just really fun to play :) OH! and I've already recorded a video... PLENTY more on the way!http://youtu.be/6rDwHctuN5g
,Recommended,270210,9274399,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[CCH] Roscoe,Very good game. I have been waiting for this game for sometime now and it is now here!  Get this game now!
,Recommended,270210,9276166,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Deydath,"This is an amazing game! It's especially good for people who feel likr they're missing something when they listen to music. But, unless you have a fairly mellow song to listen to so you can get use to the controlls. It's pretty hard."
,Recommended,270210,9276649,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,2M.MoonDoggy,Welcome my new favoritre rhythm game of since Audiosurf. The game does a great job and finding the perfect place to put down notes.  I love it to death
,Recommended,270210,9276896,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Hunk Cosmos,Put your own music and play with the rhythem! The best relaxing game ever!
76561198078396872,Recommended,270210,18482045,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,disruptedExplorer,"Easily one of my favourite games. I may  not always be in the mood for it, but when I actually play Melody's Escape, I absolutely love it."
,Recommended,270210,9324996,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,steven+,"Melody's Escape is really really fun. When you first try it out it may seem super hard and overwhelming  to keep up with, but with a little practice it is a breeze and it is very enjoyable. Even if you mess up it is still fun to get entranced into the music. Cannot wait to see what is in store for the rest of development. Definitely recommend."
76561198011404770,Recommended,270210,23181461,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Shomaruki,"I'm proud of all the work that was done to this game, mind you still more tweeks has to be in placed into this game but never the least go ahead and stream your own music into the game. Though SOME songs won't be 100% sync into the game but it's still trail and ever."
76561198078682670,Recommended,270210,26114540,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,의사양반,better than dota 2.
,Recommended,270210,20244306,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tenryuu,"What I Like- i like this game because I can play it with my own music and the workshop addons. (Shinoa Model)What i dont like is the timing of when you need to press.- When the head is over the circle or light beam i press the button when I think I need to, but it says too early so im like ""wtf"" in my head so i strated to wait untill it got to the chest and it satarted working. But I play other rythem based games that throw me off on this one. (I Dont Know if thats a Personal Problem Or Not / Probably is)"
,Recommended,270210,9297635,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Charon,This is probably the coolest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,270210,25983571,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,KingRex,This game is so much fun expecially because you can use your own music. You wanna talk about sadiscally hard try playing any Japanese speedcore/hardcore electronic song then we can talk about hard. Still so much fun challenging myself.11/10 would punish myself again listening to awsome music.
76561198014431067,Recommended,270210,12105255,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Pippya,"I can't compare this to another rhythm game since this is the first like it I've played, but it's really addictive and fun; does an excellent job of getting you into the beat of each song. I found myself knodding my head as I played and did the button presses. Faster paced songs are quite a challenge even on Medium difficulty setting, but it makes you feel pretty B.A. when you get the timing down right and Melody doesn't end up face planting. Two thumbs up, would give more if I had more thumbs."
,Recommended,270210,9273332,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Nivvi,"Amazing game. Just remember to rest your eyes after every song or every other song, you can get yourself nasty eye strain. Also I found that metal and hard rock doesn't work to well :D. Again game is awesome."
,Recommended,270210,9272801,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Taec,"I don't usually play many rhythm games, but holy crap, this game is amazing. I've always been a huge fan of the DJ MAX series, but those games have a very finite replayability, in the sense of new songs and content, but Melody's Escape is infinte, new songs will always come out, you can always squeeze one more perfect into an existing song.Heck even the Character can be changed, if mods are allowed for this game, or reskins think of all the characters you could create? Batman's escape anyone? I highly recommend Melody's Escape."
,Recommended,270210,9274264,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Rhael,"If you ever liked Guitar Hero, Dance Dance Revolution, Beat Mania or any other of this kind YOU NEED TO PLAY THIS< YOU'LL REGRET FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IF YOU DON'T!Ahem.. sorry, this got me a bit emotive. The game is smooth, the running is great and if you need a bigger challenge, well just get a faster music! It's Canabalt on steroids, It's amazing, it's the best Music Beats game ever!"
,Recommended,270210,25492354,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,「name」,I suck at this game T.TA very fun and entertaining game for it's price.
,Recommended,270210,25419503,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,[CLRPG] Zerotoxins,I am a huge fan of rythm games like audio surf and when I saw this I just had to have it. It is really difficult to play at the hardest difficulty because you have to use the WASD keys and the arrow keys. however it is a ton of fun. I do think the music detection for level making could be better. other than that I give it an 8/10
76561198167221766,Recommended,270210,25395432,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ghostlykat,"This game has an amazing musical level generator, that allows for hours upon hours of entertainment. And with its easy to access and use mod tools, you can give the game pretty much any aesthetic you want. Defintely worth the money if you're really into music."
,Recommended,270210,25446207,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,|RQN| BaconUzume,Good game get pretty hard tho but i injoy it the controllers are confusing at first but then u realise that u need to use wasd and the arrow key at the same time for the movements and the coloured circles. the game gets a bit easier with the use of an controller but still the game is hard but enjoyable.I also love the fact i can use my own songs on this game witch was like the greats thing that ever happended to me (aside from the neptunia game thoese come first).Overall this is one of my favourite games on steam and i usally play this when u look at all of my steam games and im like what should i play then im like screw it lets play melody's Escape and then i do for an hour or 2.I recomend to all people and also the modding community is good too so check out the mods if u pick up this game(warnning lots of weeaboos post anime mods u have been warnned)
76561198055651066,Recommended,270210,23643461,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Thundertiki,"Beautiful graphics, very relaxing, great for passing the time, and the level generator works very well:)10/10"
76561198098387639,Recommended,270210,13047497,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Judge_IronStein,"Great fun!To begin, this is not a game about adventure, nor does it have any story. Instead what we get here is a masterpeice. One spectacular achievement in gaming. This game utilizes your music to mould the game in which you play and allows you to play the game you want.The game revolves around music, your music, every last bit of it. Not only do you get to listen to your awsome music, but you also get to follow the runner on your screen and guide them through obstacles that you face in the way. Yes, it is a simple idea, but wow is it a complex system. Each song creates a different path, as the game creates an algorithm to work out how the song works, piece by piece and it mould the buttons and obstacles around them. Not only is this cool, but it does this all in a fraction of a second. There are no glitches i have come accross and i have had a lot of fun playing it.With its simple, but stunning visuals it allows for hours of enjoyment and hours of listening to your favorite music. I would rate this game 9/10 and what makes this even more impressive is that it is still only early access. Great value and an overall great game!"
,Recommended,270210,13131380,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Freddie Hedgehog,"This game is fun to play, you might not think it, but it's a real challenge.Playing this game on the easiest difficulty is pretty hard, well for me at least.Though I'm fairly good at Audiosurf, I'll have to practice some more (a lot) on this game.It took me 2 hours to get the hang of the basics, when to jump, where to focus on the screen ect.At the start I felt as if the game was glitchy or something. After playing different songs for 2, I found out, my timing was just horribly bad. Traing, traing and more trainging. I'm not giving up, and neither should you if you feel as if the games hates you!I can see myself playing this game a lot in the future. Can't wait to reach a point where I stop sucking at it though :D"
,Recommended,270210,9285011,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Momentanius,"Epic game, it's very addictive, the graphics are amazing and the replay value is high. I recommend, it's freaking brilliant.10/10"
,Recommended,270210,14772837,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Soul of Jacobeh,"A great Rhythm game. Take the music you've got, and play a game to it. Many ways to customize the difficulty. Very very rarely do I ever come across a song that doesn't feel like it's mapped correctly, and the system usually knows when it's done a poor job, so you can at least steel yourself for that possibility when it arises.Great visuals."
76561198100529839,Recommended,270210,12006963,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Zee,"Personally I enjoyed this game, it was a nice change from audiosurf.  The fact that when the tempo increases the avatar runs faster.  It's kinda lika a fusion between Dance Dance Revelution for your fingers and Rainbow Unicorn Attack."
,Recommended,270210,12518175,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Red Ocean,"Great game, it has come along way since it was released on steam. It has 4 different difficulties from relaxed mode which lets you use only 1 button to extreme which makes you use the arrow keys along with the regular keys. The game syncs up fairly well with whatever song you're playing. Must buy if you're a music game fan."
76561198065446847,Recommended,270210,15114031,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DaryDragneel,Pretty entertaining but... My eyes hurt...
76561198063559123,Recommended,270210,23151114,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,アート狐 Zhirov,"Very, very fun. I love the art style, the way the music is processed in-game, the control system is pretty tight too.The only things I can think of that this game is missing that it'd benefit from is a playlist system, to advance from one song to the other seamlessly. How that is approached can be handled in many ways, from a kind of progress bar that gives you your rating for the last song above the current song's ratings to a short intermission screen between.This isn't 100% necessary for the game, but, streamlining the experience for less menu-navigation between songs could push enjoyment up even more.Great game, fully recommended."
76561198170119190,Recommended,270210,18922369,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Surplus,"This is seriously the best game I have ever bought. I play Team Fortress 2, but this is absolutly amazing, it is really fun and if you want to listen to music but still play a game then this is the game for you! I love this game and I hope it goes places!"
,Recommended,270210,16451842,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ree,This game is just INCREDIBLEI just bought it some days ago and i've already over 5 hours of playcount. (keep in mind that most of the tracks are about three minutes long)I recommend this game for everyone who likes to run parkour stuff and likes to listen to his own music.Thumbs up for this awesome but simple game!EDIT: A great rhythm based game for playing obstacles to his own music. Every songs course is individual and this fact makes the game unbeatable for its price. still loving it :3
,Recommended,270210,10707370,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Marrell,Fun. Fast paced rhythm game that is great to play as it lets you play your own music as a running track which i wish more games of this type would have. Its has solid control's. You can start of on relaxing if you dont want to have it be challenging but the game can be made harder by changing the difficulty. It also has a very nice art style.
76561198255608425,Recommended,270210,23145812,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ABloodyCanadian,"I've enjoyed Rhythm Games on the go, and this is fun to play with if you got time to kill. I certainly did. Though I will say it does have some shortcomings.Visuals look clean for what it is. Minimalistic and with vibrant colors. Melody's design certainly has that anime aesthetic which clearly isn't much of a problem for me. An added plus is the fact that you could mod Melody's appearance, and I plan to mess with that later on. While I do like the visuals, some representations of some hold arrow notes took me a while to figure out how long they should be held. While some are clearly distinguishable, others (slightly impressed grounds) aren't so clearly visible. I think a white motion path (or white outline along the slightly impressed ground) that changes color as you go along with it would help first time players.As far as gameplay goes, I really liked how it played. Easier difficulties from Relaxing to Medium is easy understand. It's when you start having to use Both WASD and the Arrow Keys where things start to get confusing and difficult. And I think that's fine, since all I say to that is practice! Now one of the main draws to this game is the ability to use your own music. And does it work...? Well, I think it's hit or miss. The game tries to detect a 4/4 measure. And if it doesn't, it relies on the waveforms audio peaks. While the few songs I had worked for the former, it went well, but with the later, that's where we start hitting the miss territory. Granted it still works for what it is, but sometimes I wish it did detect notes I would expect it to detect. I feel like this game would benefit from a map editor because generated maps aren't perfect, and I'd personally like to go into it and improve what the game generated for me. That personally would have sold it for me.Overall, I like this game. Definitely would recommend for Casuals, but Hardcores might wanna wait till this game is discounted (which was the case for me) before one considers this game. And if the game is still worked on for improvements, even better! I honestly do hope that's the case because I wanna see more coming from this."
76561198053070059,Recommended,270210,23147078,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Keln,"The game is simple yet fun. Every player can get what he wants from the multiple levels of difficulty.Importing your own tracks is ofc an awesome feature, though sometimes, the games level generator feels a bit off............This game gets quite addicting."
76561198040530605,Recommended,270210,23153224,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Archangel Deltius,"This is a great game. with a single problem that could maby be fixed. the problem is simply because of the way the game seems to generate the levels to match the music is programed to generate levels based on 4:4 timing  (i dont know how to type that the correct way) so if you have something that is in a different time like 3:4 then your may not get a good level, the game does inform you if its not comfident in the timing. granted this may not seem like a major problem but i think if it was fixed it would allow more songs to be played well, and possibly making more people happy with the product. but i give the game 7/10 and if this could be fixed/coded into the game then it would get a 10/10 from me np.PS i know my Grammer is something terribal."
,Recommended,270210,23240273,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mopzilla,"Interesting however if you are not into games similar to this you likely won't have fun for long. I have never really played games like this and I am not a fan of music however I will not influence my review from that.Pros:- Good music algorithms- Workshop Support- Listen to music while playing to the beat of itCons:- Not for everyone- Gets pretty boring after a while, mostly just a short time waster (maybe thats just me)Overall I strongly recommend this game and if you are unsure just get it anyway! I did that and I didn't like it so I just claimed a refund. As long as you dont play it for over 2 hours and you dont own the game for over 14 days you can claim a refund. Go to Store, scroll all the way to the bottom and click refunds, then scroll all the way to the bottom on that page and clickhelp.steampowered.organd click the game, request refund etc"
,Recommended,270210,33251840,Posted: 4 July,all,I eat hackers for breakfast,Pretty fun for a while. If you can get it on sale I'd say its worth it.
,Recommended,270210,33136620,Posted: 2 July,all,The Terlian Thief,"I was looking for a fun, fast-paced game that can pull in my own music library for game play. This is exactly what I needed! The visuals are very satisfying when the character's color matches the last correct button hit and I love how accurate the music sync is! I have never played a music game that was able to sync in not only the tempo, but when the music has silent breaks and gets more intense. Love it!"
,Recommended,270210,32961887,Posted: 28 June,all,Mayery,"Perfect to pass time, no flaws in my opinion... <3"
,Recommended,270210,32648019,Posted: 22 June,all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,"I played this game just few haurs. And this game is AMAZING , but hard.so here is my reviewpros:+Music perfectly synch with game+cool animations+this game sup[ports many different audio types. [also can play iTunes music. some of games can't play music from itune library like : symphoney; 1..2..3.. Kick it!(drop that beat like ugly baby) and rhythm zone;]+This game also have workshop many different mods.cons:-can't play this game for long time. because of runing background. if you look away from screen when you finish song run. you got that feeling that world turing around.p.s.i was playing with controller it is better way to play this game, for me at least.i tried relax mode and medium. Love this game i will keep playing.Here is my 2nd run video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzJLRwMeVRM"
,Recommended,270210,15710591,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Primo Victoria,"It really does turn every song imaginable into a beat game: I've tried rock, rap, dubstep, nightcore, drum n bass and quite a few pop songs and the game has turned out some really good beat maps. I initially thought that the beats were out of time, but they are dead on.Overall, this game is amazing. If you want an alternative to Osu or even the Guitar Hero games, this is it. The only issue I have is that the game does strain your eyes rather quickly, but this can be combated by playing the game in short doses.10/10 would run to music in the confines of my house again"
,Recommended,270210,24614619,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,kill all koth engineers,its fun. try it
,Recommended,270210,21308988,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,angeloopah,"Melody's escape is a really fun way to pass the time. It uses your own music to simulate a run to the beat of your favorite songs! The game is challengeing but not frustrating and because of that, I find that it helps me when I'm feeling anxious. I would definately recommend this to anyone who's looking for a simple game they can play at anytime (especially because it can be played offline)."
,Recommended,270210,23240190,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Kashomaru,"The game of my dreams. When I first saw it, my expectations weren't high actually. But the game proved to be a lot better than I expected. You dont feel like playing the insturments of the song of course, but you usually get the feeling of the song. First I tried some soundtracks. Surprisingly for me, the program was able to detect music with vocals a whole lot better than those without vocals. The energy peaks tempo arrangement is the final choice of the game when it cant find the tempo and its definetly not what the game has to offer. I mean it sometimes gets the rhyme right but thats it. However each time it finds a stable tempo, you get to experience your music in a brand new way. And I say it does a pretty good job with it. Not perfect, but worth your time if you are interested in the context."
,Recommended,270210,25637295,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,FromtheWordsofBR,I love the artstyle and atmosphere in this game. A must-have if you love Dance Dance Revolution and Audiosurf.
76561198071889677,Recommended,270210,31989103,Posted: 26 May,all,Kokuei,"*Sigh*  Well what can I say, I saw it and no more than that I just had to have it.A game where YOUR music intertwines with gameplay mechanics and effects how you play & experience the game just can't be beat.I loved it for the reason I can use my music in it and My spouse can't stop playing it once they start a session!Quiet honestly, there really should be more games out there like this and this developer was generous with the price they asked for this because even I, with all the kinds of music i like, was able to get a great deal of variety of all my music to play on it.Sure you may need some difficulty settings tweaked for more hardcore songs and some songs may need to have the difficulty settings boosted higher, but that's just it you're still able to change those settings to make the game work for the songs you truly love.That is why I spent my time tonight to write this review, great job developer!(WOULD LOVE TO SEE ""MELODY'S ESCAPE: ADVENTURE OF MUTE WORLD"")^^^^^The suggestion above should be an adventure version of melody's escape where you actually take a 3D perspective of Melody (or customize her of course) (3rd person game) and she is suddenly thrown into a world where her sound, music, and life beats have vanished.You yourself must take Melody on an adventure through this soundless ABYSS, this void like realm, fight your way through static sounding creatures, horrific puzzles of sound that change back into the melodies of music you're looking for and find every part of YOUR music, your enjoyment you've once cherished and hopefully obtain all the musical beats before you too lose your love for Melody forever.   (could have some bosses here there too of course.)If you love music, if you love using your sound/music collection to play games, and to test yourself to how well you can play to the beat than this game is the ONE you've been looking for.I highly recommend Melody's escape to all music lovers out there looking for a game of their own to play and EXTREMELY recommend the DEVELOPER to encourage themself to make a SEQUEL to this game!I bought this one, I'LL PRE-ORDER THE NEXT ONE MYSELF!"
,Recommended,270210,23157764,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Malfael,"This is a great game! You can have it really give you a challenge or you can just sit back, relax, hit a few buttons, and listen to some awesome music! Gameplay is smooth and very responsive and the colors are really nice! Also the fact that you can literally slide a music file onto the game window and have it design a level based on that song in just second is absolutly incredible!!!!!melody = new waifu.100/10"
,Recommended,270210,23226272,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mr. Kitsune,"Beautiful,  just drop dead gorgeous"
,Recommended,270210,23337884,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,PolarisFyre™,"I can't really handle pressure well. It can get really hectic when notes start spewing at you and you will panic.However after playing this game multiple times, I am starting to get better at handling pressure.I believe that one day I would be able to live in the pressure cooker. One day..."
76561198000478183,Recommended,270210,23252864,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Taril,"Melody's Escape is a side scrolling rhythm game. Melody herself will continuously run to the right as orbs and obstacles come towards her which requires corresponding buttons to be pressed in order to pass them.The game itself comes with a handful of tracks itself, but the main feature of the game is that it can create levels based on your own music, which can be accessed by directly finding the files via the in-game file explorer, or alternatively you can drag files onto the game window itself to play them.As the game relies on the algorithms to create levels, your experience with the game will be based on the genres of music you listen to, where clearer melodies will create much smoother levels. However, the algorithms are quite good, I've been able to play a variety of genres without much issues, such as Pop, EDM, Power Metal, Stoner Metal and Rock. The game will also often tell you how confident it is in the level creation.The difficulty of the game, is very dependent on the setting you choose. There are 4 premade difficulty settings available, ""Relaxing"" is the easiest and it only uses one button at a time, Medium is the standard 4 button control scheme (W, A, S, D on a keyboard or Y, X, B, A / Triangle, Square, Circle, X for controller), ""Intense"" is mentioned as the full experience where you use the standard buttons for orbs but directional buttons for obstacles and finally there is ""Overload"" which is the standard buttons for orbs but requires both directional and standard buttons for obstacles in the same direction.As you increase the difficulty, the tempo of the levels increase as does the variety in buttons required among other things. Luckily, there's a custom difficulty option that allows you to tailor your experience with options such as tempo, control schemes (Including a more difficult option where obstacles require differing directions for the obstacles and more varied buttons for orbs are used), grace periods and error margins. This both allows you to play a harder game if you desire but also lets you learn the more challenging controls at an easier tempo (I used it to progress from Intense difficulty up to Overload difficulty by using the Overload control scheme but at Intense tempo. I will also likely use it to progress into the most challenging control scheme once I'm confident enough)All in all, the game is quite fun, it has a lot of customisation over difficulty to make a good place to learn rhythm games (Though, it doesn't appear to get to the mashy levels that many other rhythm games such as Guitar Hero or Project Diva get to) and due to it using your own music files, gaining new content is a simple as downloading (Or importing from a CD if you're old fashioned like me) new songs to play.My only nit picks with the game are that the in-game file explorer can be a bit clunky at times (It also doesn't detect everything. I have some albums that it doesn't seem to find at all, but at least there's the option to drag them into the game manually) and that the favourite list doesn't seem to have a ""Shuffle"" function when using the ""Play All"" option, meaning that playing songs in a different order would require refavouriting everything each time."
,Recommended,270210,23159450,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,majorchainpain,"Well i love these kind of games, from guitar hero to rock band 4. This takes me back to the fun days of music and rhythm games. It it definitely a hard game to get going and i am sure even harder to master, but, I am sure it will be fun ride to play with your own music to do it. For the price that is offered this game is a good buy and even a good gift purchase for people who won't get to play rock band 4 on PC."
,Recommended,270210,23162978,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,millenniumpanda,"I gotta say. I didn't know what to expect when I bought this game. Reading the reviews, most were yays. But it was the comments on it being off beat on certain songs that really made me question if it was going to be good. Now having played it. I would definitly recomend this game. The styalized coloring, the on beat cues for the sustained notes for dashing, and the shifts in difficulty based on the speed of the song in intervals is amazing. I've never played a game so uniquely challanging in a way that allows you to keep your cool, take a breath, and begin again. It's definitly a must have for all you music lovers out there."
76561198112394941,Recommended,270210,29344302,Posted: 18 January,all,andy,"If you buy this amazing game ,try it with Marilyn Manson - This Is The New *hit,you will tnk me later ;)"
,Recommended,270210,9309542,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,konow,This game is fun when you have nothing else to do or your waiting for something. This game can get hard if your songs dont sync well. The best songs to play to are about 60+% compatible. I'm playing this on a controller and i love it would recommend can't wait for new stuff to be added like multiplayer racing.
,Recommended,270210,26695493,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ShiwaTheDrink,"The game is ptetty good, it has 4 different difficulties + the option of create your own. Also you do not need a powerful pc to play. It's a good game If you are into rythim games and you have as much gametime as music in your computer. And in the other hand, you have a lot of custom options thanks to workshop.I recommend it 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,270210,16279626,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Vladimir Lenin,11/10 IGN. Very lupe much bass.
,Recommended,270210,29517580,Posted: 27 January,all,Anxiety,"Hell yes, I love this game!Graphics aren't important, because it actually helped me with my chronical tinnitus, which I had since 10 years!Bought it in a sale, but I'd spend more! Damn I can hear everything clearly again! <3"
,Recommended,270210,30118182,Posted: 23 February,all,Rafaellich,"Excelent Game since its early release, using the Guitar Hero game type not only you can play your own musics and have fun you also train your reaction time, and you can also costume melody with cloth or hair from the workshop was money well spend its realy a fun game"
,Recommended,270210,29453648,Posted: 23 January,all,KKitten,This game is amasingi love that you can play your on music and it turns them in to maps
76561198059164884,Recommended,270210,29608964,Posted: 31 January,all,Ghost,"I don't think I've ever played a game like this one where I have  a smile on my face all the time.It feels and plays really smooth, the audio detection is amazing (lol @ the ""performing audio detection magic"" while loading a song)I only played geometry dash before, and wasn't really into rhythm games. I just didn't gave it much thought.It works really well with like, 99% of my songs, and because of the 4 difficulties, you can always play at your own pace.I played it for 50 hours and I can play almost any song on intense diffculty (the third out of the four difficulties) with relative ease. I could've tried the last difficulty, but the point of the game is not to get good at it, although it's a lot of fun.  Higher difficulties raise the enjoyment if done right, so I would advice advancing slowly.I can't even start to explain the feeling when you're actually making the character move to the beat of the music.All genres work well, each having their own charm in this game.I absolutely love the game, it's usually hard to keep up because I'm swinging along~ xPThe customization of the colors/the character is good, but I prefer the original colors because I'd get confused if I use any other ones.Only thing I would note is that when having to hold down the (^) button (when she flies down), the camera doesn't move down with her fast enough, which means it's usually the only combobreaker for me.I came across the game during a sale, and because of the smoothness and interesting colors (her hair changing colors is so cool! :P )and music from the trailer I decided I had nothing to lose and bought it. Thinking about it now, I would've also bought the game for the full price if I knew about it, and it even deserves more. I'm screaming at all my friends to try it and would encourage you to do the same!"
76561198151860280,Recommended,270210,29419374,Posted: 22 January,all,☆☞| Penguin |☜☆,The best runner and music game ever!!!10/10
76561198090458573,Recommended,270210,29453223,Posted: 23 January,all,Jimmy,Super fun game where you choose the music! Really fun but some songs don't register correctly so you can't count on using the beat of the song to help you with the buttons.
,Recommended,270210,29346594,Posted: 18 January,all,Nick.,"I purchased this product for a seriously cheap price of £2.37 at a discount from £7. I expected it to be a game that just would not get used but once i collaborated my equipment to the application I seriously enjoyed playing the game. As far as pro's and con's are concerned I believe that for it's genre and the niche market it lies in, it's an amazing product and I struggle to think of any critizisms of the application itself. This game is the first game I've done a somewhat serious review on simply because of how glad I am that I purchased and I would strongly recommend to people who have a passion for music. My advice to people who purchase this game would be to download your music into MP3's on your computer or other available files so that you can play the game with that song linked to the course's obstacles. That last sentence sounded very vague but I really cba to continue trying to write this review.Overall: 10/10 would highly recommend"
,Recommended,270210,23919846,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Amagasaki,I was kinda worried how it will work with my fav music... but well i would get dry eyes running on 10 minutes metal song again
,Recommended,270210,28014111,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Quefmno,"I love these sorts of music games that creat levels based on your music. I can heartily recommend this game with a couple caveats. The game works really well with music that it can find the beat/tempo to. This works great for electronic music, or rock music that doesn't have much going on. Once you start using music that has a lot going on like metal or orchestral music, the algorithms start having some trouble find the beat as well. While still playable, songs where no beat/tempo is detected are not as fun to play. Another issue I have had is when I play on a controller, if the vibration setting is on, the game lags anytime there is vibration. With the vibration off, i have no frame dips or lag spikes at all. It's just a little weird. The vibration isn't necessary, so it is an easy fix.Overall, though, if you like games like Audiosurf or Beat Hazard, you should give this game a go. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,270210,29314724,Posted: 17 January,all,Grek,Audio Surf meets Geometry Dash.
,Recommended,270210,29325861,Posted: 17 January,all,WolfRam,"Good game,really nice to be able to customize your character.some songs work better than others, but that is expected, and i wish the top speed felt faster. Maybe some more animations and  effects to make the game feel fasterbut all of this is nitpicking.Good game, worth the money!PS: linkin park works very very well on this game!"
,Recommended,270210,20138013,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,goobyrodger,"This game is absolutely amazing. It doesn't always necessarily get the notes right on the beat, but it's great in the sense that you can play a rhythm game to any song you want. If you love music as much as I do, I would recommend this game wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,270210,20873201,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,lone★,"it consumed my day to day lifei would still however, recommend this if you dont mind throwing your laptop every time you miss a note on a perfect run.9/10, night of nights cause me permanent mental damage"
,Recommended,270210,21009596,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ninjayツ,"Great game m8 would r8 8/8 no hesitate! easy to chose music, trying out all my 99 lives, and monstercat music :)"
76561198191875071,Recommended,270210,15709561,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,mojo,I sprained my hand trying to play this on overload mode
,Recommended,270210,15626704,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sapaieo,"I played a few rounds so far, and its a really skilly but also relaxing gameBeautiful graphics, I love the characterGreat work, keep it up!"
,Recommended,270210,16343632,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,unclekrusty,"I can definitely recommend this game to either fans or first-timers of the music game genre. Guiding the internal musical journey of a faceless girl just feels so right.You can choose Melody's appearance and the colour scheme, and even make your own Workshop submissions without the hassle of programming. The graphics are quite good, and you should be able to have them at maximum settings with no hardware issues. The audio-to-level conversion algorithm is nigh perfect, save perhaps for the occasional minor hiccup with rhythm.The sounds of Weird Al Yankovic have never been so entrancing."
,Recommended,270210,12200575,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sabo,Good Game Ever! :D
76561198099537408,Recommended,270210,14112963,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,(｡◕‿◕｡),Nice graphics and smoth transiations all while enjoy your favorite beats.So relaxing and enjoyable
,Recommended,270210,16383607,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Naruedyoh,"Simply great, works fine and is entertaining"
,Recommended,270210,17387577,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,TKOdarkshadow,GOTTA GO FAST SIMULATOR 2015
,Recommended,270210,23144728,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,caffeine.tv/citflux ??,This game only costs $6 right now. I guarentee you will spend over 6hrs on it. You can relax to your favorite music while having fun playing a game. Some songs are way too hard. Others are way too easy. Some are perfect. Slow motion moments in the songs will get you so pumped and this is a perfect way to mellow in or out of a long gaming session. Would totally recommend.One thing I wish they would add:Spotifiy Capabilities.
,Recommended,270210,23894057,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[GOTR] Gargletea体験版,"Melody's Escape is a good game.It is a different game from Beat Hazard or Audiosurf.--Millions of mods.--Small gripes with the menu/file explorer side of things for sorting through all of your own music, but you don't spend very much time in menus anyway so its not a deal breaker."
,Recommended,270210,15549969,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Glanni Gaypur (´・ω・`),"I love rhythm games, and that's why I picked up Melody's Escape. Being able to play songs I like in a game with little to no effort on my part was enticing, and I don't regret the purchase at all.Its pretty, and with the right amount of mods you can have some pretty good customization options.I cant wait to see what will happen when the games complete (and I'm also looking forward to it having its own music in game, because while I like playing my music I think it'd be pretty nice for the game to introduce me to some new tunes as well)"
,Recommended,270210,23205406,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sad,She's probably running from infinite warfare
76561197960979524,Recommended,270210,9568393,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,(GDI)NEO29UK,Great game for a music lover keep the updates coming.
76561198028391995,Recommended,270210,10340592,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Lt Doc,"I gotta say i wasn't sure about this game at first, but now i find myself playing song after song. this game is really addicting and it captures the rhythm for any song that has 25% confidence or better"
,Recommended,270210,11339475,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Gryzzle,For an early access game this one is good. Just remember it's rhythm. And if you want to just chill and listen to music watch the bot play a song you like. Just be careful cause if you have epilepsy the flashing lights might trigger your seizure.
,Recommended,270210,32834893,Posted: 26 June,all,☯Shanghai☯,"What is she trying to escape from? Probably my♥♥♥♥♥♥taste in music.Also, there's something really funny about playing Falling in Reverse-Game Over in this game."
76561198070629790,Recommended,270210,28675634,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shigo420 <3,"I've only been playing for an hour and already I can not recommend the game enough. It's not too hard on medium but challenging enough to make your heart race and depending on the song it can really make you feel like your running. It's weird but for some reason the game is really immersive. Perhaps it's because of the concentration required but when you're playing it really feels like your in your own world. I have yet to try the other difficulties (intense and overload) but I look forward to it. Also, the sync with the music and the actions are near perfect. Only reason it doesn't get a 10 is because of it's lack of explanation (although it is incredibly simple)Overall, I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,270210,33062614,Posted: 30 June,all,DJ Reese's Puffs,"I bought this game out of interest when it was on sale, and up until this point i had never played any kind of music or rythym game before. It boasts stylized visuals and an amazing soundtrack already bundled with the game, plus it allows you to use any kind of music to play on! The game was released a while back, so some performance issues do occur sometimes, but if you have a good computer it should not be a problem. I rate Melody's Escape 8/10. Workshop content is great too."
76561197976737377,Recommended,270210,29310356,Posted: 16 January,all,Eckoes,Amazing algorithms...very impressive
76561198199414115,Recommended,270210,27840738,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BlazeMaster02,I highly enjoy playing this game. I get to play/ listen to my own music and not just music that is chosen for this game.
,Recommended,270210,27877787,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[NNR] the heartless boy,best rythm game i ever played and is highly recommended for those who seek skin in combinating keys and following the beat.
76561198038173128,Recommended,270210,27917335,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chaos Laicosin,My favorite music rhythm game. Its just the best way to enjoy your music.
,Recommended,270210,26305192,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Blue Mongoose,"I use this game to RELAX before bed, runs out the last of my mental energy so i can actually sleep."
76561198212926616,Recommended,270210,23841277,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fading Rose,"First thought: Hey, this game is pretty catchy!2 hours later: Well, I'M really getting into it!50 years later: I dedicate my life to this game.10/10 would dedicate life again(the controls are not explained and therefore bit difficult though...)"
,Recommended,270210,9282348,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,G4M5T3R,"I really enjoy these kind of games. Melody's Escape is no exception.I found myself enjoying the system far more than either Audiosurf, or similar titles, within the first 10minutes. There are a few quirks with timing but nothing that won't / shouldn't be an easily polished in the near future. Motion blur can be a little heavy at times depending on the tempo, but with a little practice you get used to de-focusing your eyes and reflex takes over.All-in-all a very decent game for the price. Will (and have) recommened this title.*I could ask for additional customization options to Melody, the current selection is really limited, but I'm sure that will come in time as well."
,Recommended,270210,29327757,Posted: 17 January,all,Payliz,Thank you video game gods for this masterpiece!
76561198042556046,Recommended,270210,29330732,Posted: 17 January,all,Deathbrother.,"Probably one of my favourite of the Rhyme Genre/ Music-Based Procedural Generation types of games.The procedural generation is pretty spot on, much like other titles in this genre. But like most in this genre some songs work better than others, yet it's still generally fun nevertheless.The reason why I feel this is more entertaining then other similar titles is related to the difficulty. This game is hard, while on normal you only have 4 keys to press, the pace of the game and the aesthetics make it one of the more difficult to perfect.Though with this praise there are some negative aspects , the most noticable is the aesthetics; While I love the art style and colour schemes, the strobe effects and other constantly changing themes can make your eyes hurt somewhat (though alot of these effects can be changed in the options)."
,Recommended,270210,32261237,Posted: 7 June,all,Nowa,"8/10 (I would put 9, but sometimes I can't tell whether I suck or just can't figure out the ""hitbox"".You'll most likely need a controller to play.Out of the few music games that I've played I have a feeling this is one of the best one's out there.  Not only do you get a community customized waifu, the game's obstacle course, at times, generate some insanely fun and fitting challenges for the songs I've used. (Mostly anime openings.  Incredibly enough, the few english songs I have are the most challenging ones.)  Melody's Escape is great in which, like most similar music games, never runs out of fun until you run out of music, and let's face it, music isn't ending anytime soon.In short, incredibly fun and satisfying to play.  A good challenge (and sometimes too over-the-top) if you play on the highest difficulty.  Easy to come back to and never gets old, unless you hate the songs you're playing in which case, why do you do this to yourself?"
,Recommended,270210,20298460,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Savage Walrus,"Apparently I like rhythm genre games. I really had no idea until I played this. This is very enjoyable! I am especially impressed how well my music translates into the game, and I like a fairly large variety of music genres. I recommend anyone to give it a try."
,Recommended,270210,11186757,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Champion Skye,"I adore this game! In my opinion, it's a lot more fun than Audiosurf. Not only is it really pretty, Controlls really well. I usually just keep it on relaxed mode because it gets insane on the other difficulties, lol, I'm not quite at that level yet. xDBut yes, pick it up if you need a good game to play while you jam to your musicz!"
,Recommended,270210,21950351,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Willy The Fearful Pancake,"Awesome game, whatever algorithm it uses works amazingly well. 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,26097184,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Yureina,"It be a music game. Pretty neat one too, but it seems to melt my brain a bit due to how intense it can get. But that's probably my own fault in deciding to pick music tracks that are constantly needing me to do stuff without even a second to pause. o_oAnyway, if ye like this sort of thing, then this is something to look at. :D"
76561198002191120,Recommended,270210,23234294,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pai,First impressions: Beat detection is a little bit screwy.  But it's still heaps of fun nonetheless.Also one of the few rhythm games which is more fun with rock/metal than with EDM/dance.
,Recommended,270210,23234276,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Cabo_Loso,"Everyone should try Black Midis on this game....Seriously, go ahead, download.... i dunno, My Time is Now midi. Totally worth it."
76561198038624759,Recommended,270210,29371173,Posted: 20 January,all,Anthares,Its a nice little game with reaaly good rhythmic gameplay. I had a lot of fun playing it!- The mixedThe animations are not perfect but the fast pace compensates for it. The song selection is not really fluid and intuitive. Spotify support would've been great. Also the game really puts a strain on your eyes.
76561198044932818,Recommended,270210,30530560,Posted: 15 March,all,Devoladraco GTX,cute. lovely and challenging! the more you play the more you love Melody.
76561198092573192,Recommended,270210,23107571,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,koinzell,its worth the moneyits takes time to get used to at firstand its relaxing and a has a large amount of replay valueand it allows custom musics.
,Recommended,270210,24905826,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Bob,"To explain why I love this game I must compare it to a game that really annoyed me: BIT.TRIP.RUNNER. That game like this one requires you you press buttons in time with music but it was just so unforgiving it was tortuous to play. I was so frustrated by it as the concept was brilliant but the execution was terrible. So when I saw Melody’s Escape on Steam I was extremely excited as it looked like it was the game BIT.TRIP.RUNNER could have been. However at that point it was still in early access and I’m not interested in playing a half finished game so I waited until it was finished.When I finally bought the game I was not disappointed, it was everything I expected. The gameplay is rather reminiscent of Guitar Hero. It is immensely fun with varying difficulties to fit exactly how casual or challenging experience you want. It has the perfect sound track i.e. whatever music you want. The graphics are simple but appealing. Being able to create your own custom character was an unexpected bonus too."
76561198296481318,Recommended,270210,29413947,Posted: 21 January,all,Hatchet_Master,and people say geometry dash is hard.
,Recommended,270210,15662751,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Mega Poppyloid,"Early Access Review:This game is fantastic. I bought it because listen music constantly. My spotify hours are maxed everyday. The fact it uses music files is what supports this game. It requires rhythm gameplay so do not expect it to be easy. (Programs such as Spotify is not supported)Pro-Listens to music of choiceCons-The only con is the price you are willing pay forMe - ""10/10 Would tap again""IGN - ""7.8/10 Too much beats"""
,Recommended,270210,21212714,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,RyRy,"As a singer/guitarist, I give this game a firm11.5/10for making me hate every song I've ever loved and/or performed.Note:If your keyboard/controller is theslightestbit sticky on the keys/buttons....you'll know about it.And youwillsuffer the consequences.Seriously though, this game is great, I really do recommend it to anyone.I don't normally go anywhere near this type of game, but this has gotta be one hell of an exception!I even got a badge for the damn game, I just love it so much! XD"
,Recommended,270210,9273005,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,BendikZation,"super cool! need some fixing, but what can you expect from a Early Access :p Epic!"
,Recommended,270210,9275681,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Cobaltlantern,"It is a fun game. It utilized the best choice of music possible (mine).On the other hand, the controls feel wildly inconsistent with timing. I have yet to make it more than two obstacles in a row in ""high intensity"" portions without tripping. It feels like once you hit something, the game goes out of sync. You have to start hitting targets early, and then the next one feels too close.Normal is difficult, and the easier difficulty leaves the game monochromatic, while not much easier.Also I missed a tutorial on how the stuff worked so it took me several tries to figure everything out."
76561198079733029,Recommended,270210,9271751,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Arie Flameheart,I love this game for it's colours. Something about watching Melody run is soothing. It is my favorite game of it's type. The only issue I do have is that it is fairly difficult to nail the keys right even on the easiest difficulty.Beside that though I would play this game all day and never get bored because I can chose the songs.I give it a 7.5 out of 10.My only wish is that it had an even eaiser difficulty. Like a beginers difficulty sort of thing.
,Recommended,270210,30796671,Posted: 28 March,all,Guardy,"TL;DR: Neat! Probably worth the full price if you like rhythm games, *absolutely* worth it on sale.-Technical Stuffses-Had some problems getting it to run, likely due to a .NET framework issue (which also impacted Terraria, though to a smaller extent, so it wasn't the game's fault), but it works perfectly fine now. I'm not entirely sure *why*, but... it works.Apart from that it runs perfectly fine; no lag, no framerate drops, no nothing, no crashes or bugs so far. Yay!-Visuals-Exactly my kind of game - sleek and stylish and pretty. The game itself looks very polished, the menus aren't quite as aesthetically pleasing... but now I'm really just nitpicking.-Audio-The main theme is So. Good. Seriously.The rest of the bundled music seems fairly impressive as well, though I haven't listened to / played all of it yet.Apart from that, the audio is obviously up to you, which is kind of the point.-Gameplay-Left, right, up and down can be surprisingly difficult concepts.Apart from that - well, I mean it's a rhythm game. Some aspects kind of remind me of the field stages from Final Fantasy Theatrythm for the 3DS, so if that's your thing, you'll probably like this game as well.On a slightly different note, using the right mouse button as 'cancel' button in menus is an awesome concept on one hand, but mightily confusing on the other hand. Still, I kind of wish more games did that - the only other ones I can recall are the Ezio-focused AssCreed games, which was ages ago.-Additional Comments: Algorythms and Synching-The game usually does a decent enough job analyzing songs, but it *is* occasionally less than perfect.I've deliberately played some extremely different songs - from acoustic folksy stuff to classical music to the Portal 2 and AC:B soundtracks - and things usually worked out reasonably okay... but I really wish we had an option to synch up songs manually.-Additional Comments: Just for Fun-The faster parts of the various AssCreed soundtracks and this game are a match made in heaven.I'd also like to mention how much I love how easy it is to customize things - it took me roughly 15 minutes to put together a custom hairstyle and color scheme, and I spent 12 minutes of that being indecisive*.Generally speaking, I'm having a ton of fun so far; if that ever changes, I'll go back and edit this review.*edit: modding the entire thing isn't much harder; making a new skin would've taken me half an hour, max, if I hadn't wasted another half-hour on getting the hair juuuust right."
,Recommended,270210,10667508,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,K3W3L,"One of my rare Early Access game recommendations that is still impressive following full release.After having 100%-edAudiosurf(which I still take out for a ride from time to time), I needed a new music game that allowed me to stuff one of the thousands of MP3s I had into the game and generate levels out of it. AndTHISfit the bill perfectly.Back when it was still in Early Access, I do feel that it is amongst one of the more complete Early Access titles on the Steam store nowadays. The basics of the gameplay are already well-versed: you control this rather cute* girl, perhaps the titular Melody, as she walks, runs, jumps over or ducks under obstacles, kicks apart other obstacles, even flies, while you mash the keys on your keyboard in a game not too dissimilar to Dance Dance Revolution or Guitar Hero.It's a rather refreshing take on the genre as a 2D sidescroller rhythm game. The only downside I've seen is that since you're focusing more on the buttons you need to hit, you'll get eye strain and observe motion blur after a while, so don't play this for too long at a time.The game also has Steam Workshop support, so you can customise your playing field anyway you like. You can customise Melody's attire, hair, and even the colour background/scheme. It's a cool way to personalise the game to however you want it to be.Here's an example of what you are capable of.Finally, the game engine is one of the best I've seen, and can certainly rival Audiosurf. Beat detection and vocal detection is superb, with well-placed sliding segments where you have to hold down the key during a vocal section.I'll end off with the following statement from theirpresskit: ""Icetesy is an indie game company from Belgium, with a passion for music generated gameplay."" I hope this means more of this kind of game from them. I'm stoked.*It should be pointed out that she's but a silhouette. But still, a rather sexy and cute silhouette at that.When to buyHighest discount was 50% off.9/10"
,Recommended,270210,30864246,Posted: 31 March,all,Hazel 土 Bonfield,"It is a game revolving around a colorful world with the sky literally moving or pulsating with your music.  Most will find it awesome that, instead of using a pre-existing soundtrack, you get to play with your own.  The workshop helps make the scenery and Melody look even more beautiful.  Only concern is that it occasionally lags is when the speed picks up, but maybe that's only on older PCs.  4.9/5"
76561198098756704,Recommended,270210,26279031,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Heavy_boy,If you love music games buy it and feel the beat
,Recommended,270210,9277575,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MasterLuigi452,"Despite being an Early Access game, Melody's Escape has a solid game mechanic.If you enjoyed Audiosurf 1/2, Beat Hazard, and Symphony, then you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,270210,32807984,Posted: 26 June,all,LodgeViking,Absolutely love this game. It could probably use some updating on the algorithms and some tuning here and there. But it works mostly with all songs! I think a great next step would be spotify integration. 6.5/10
76561198139585952,Recommended,270210,23260898,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Zexton™,"i've always wished a world like this ,with electronics music (deadmau5 is my favorite) dominating the chart.thank you so much for this incredible game.10/10"
,Recommended,270210,21050951,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,canadιan мooѕe,"This game is stunning. I love how you can use your own Music in the game. But this game IS pretty hard, especially when you first start. I think this game is worth checking out."
,Recommended,270210,12080329,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,iBhop4fun,"Me: ""I don't need drugs, I'm high on Melody's Escape""Jim: ''Well f*** you i'm drunk on alchohol (WHAM*)...now drive me home"""
,Recommended,270210,10400912,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,skeletonboi,"This game never get's old because the songs don't repeat, you can make it run off whatever music or sounds you have, it is absolutely great, get it now!!!!! You will not regret it :)"
,Recommended,270210,27624324,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krissy,Reminds me of guitar hero but with the added benefit of my own music. Fantastic game. Recommend it
,Recommended,270210,12282596,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,㉨✪TiffanyBlewz㉨✪,"One word to describe this game? Addictive.The day I bought this game, I could not stop. I don't know what got into me, but I knew I wanted to continue to play. Hours passed, and my enjoyment increased. I continued to play all the Sountracks in my Itune's Library 'til I got tired and could not keep my eyes opened. My brother always loved watching me play. He literally watched me. He told me my eyes went crazy while in the middle of a soundtrack. He liked calling me ""Lizard Eyes"" from time to time while I played.I would tote's recommend this game to my friends!"
,Recommended,270210,33956812,Posted: 1 August,all,FarKrits,"This game is a lot of fun.The fact you can use your own music and can customize your character with options from the base game or with community made stuff definetly makes this game one you should have in your Steam Library.The game is based around music but the gameplay is also fun and challenging at times.Although you can use your own music the soundtrack that comes with the base game isn't bad, it's actually pretty good.9.4/10A very relaxing game that you should absolutely play, trust me, you'll have a blast playing this."
,Recommended,270210,29155185,Posted: 9 January,all,WarmPotato,"FUN! Works with any song, compliments the music, react quick and kill time, casual! ^_^"
,Recommended,270210,18369562,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mrs. Blue,Chalenging + Fun : PerfectGotta Love this gameOnly the Background is little bit Monotonbut you can change it (sadly only view item in workshop)8.5/10
,Recommended,270210,17413542,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,no turning back,Heaven for music lover.
76561198037207650,Recommended,270210,23860887,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Not Anna,"This was actually way better than I thought it was going to be. Been playing nothing but Overwatch recently, and I bought this.I didn't doubt the game or anything, but I didn't think I'd play it for two hours straight and not even notice the time go by so quickly. I just got back on my computer after trying to go to sleep just to play the game again. So yeah, would reccomend, 8/10 Jackie Chan Stunt Master."
,Recommended,270210,31959947,Posted: 25 May,all,Kevyson,12/10 This game is great I sat down at about6:30 PMand played till about10:00 PMI would have played more but I had places to be the next day. It may say I have not played that much of it and that is because I played it in offline mode.
,Recommended,270210,23987047,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,『Kuronekorin』,"Do you love listening to music?Do you love playing rhythm games?Do you love simple yet beautiful sceneries?Do you love colors?If you answered yes to all of those, you'll fall in love with this game.Melody's Escape is a must buy game if you're into rhythm games. But it doesn't offer the ""Button Mashing"" feeling that Osu! (Also another great rhythm game) gives me, instead it throws me into a fast pace quick reaction time platforming gameplay that goes perfectly well with the music playing at the background whether it's electro, dubstep, japanese songs, you name it. The game perfectly detects the tempo and beat of my music and does a nice job of staying on beat in-game.The gameplay is relatively simple, you press your directional buttons to jump, slide over obstacles and you hold it to fly across platforms and you also have to tap buttons to clear the beat that you encounter. It's simple but takes time to get used to especially if you're playing songs with fast beats.The background is simple yet elegant, it matches with the mood of your music. Sometimes it's on fire, sometimes it's a beautiful aurora and the colors of the buttons that you have to press is nice to the eye and easy to see even though the game is moving fast. It also matches the colors of the face buttons of my controller! (Currently using a Logitech gamepad with an Xbox style facebuttons.)Overall, Melody's Escape is a must buy for any rhythm game fans out there and a must try for others too."
,Recommended,270210,12930721,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lady$wan,i always wanted to have something to do !! but guess what  !! Loving this game is what i am going to do xD!!!so damn awesome !!!
,Recommended,270210,23406892,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jabbawockeeツ,Very impressive music synch.Smooth gameplay and i have found no song this game can't run.Some songs are mopre difficult so you can make your own challenges with hight tempo music. A true master piece.
,Recommended,270210,9271831,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Zii'lyeh,"What can I say? Melody's Escape has the potential to be the best rhythm game of this generation; The concept is simple, like any game of this genre - press the right buttons with the right timing, with the hardest difficulty adding an additional directional button press in songs. It works well, my only problem is that it's EXTREMELY easy to get confused at first - you'll be pressing B instead of X instead of A instead of Y for a good long time, worsened by the exactness of the timing. This can be mitigated with practice though, and that's the name of the game for this genre.The music detection is as spot on as I've ever seen, especially nice is that it changes the algorithm used depending on what kind of music you're playing. It handles almost every song I throw at with aplomb - from metal to electronic even to more downtempo, ambient stuff.The aesthetic is minimal - the screenspace is mostly black, with a soft, dark background to add a little contrast - a good choice as you want minimal distractions from the demanding gameplay. Melody herself is generally very fluid in her animations, flowing from one maneuvre to the next easily, while her hair adds a welcome splash of colour as it changes through the song. As of right now there isn't much in the way of personalisation but that has been declared as one of the things to be added shortly.My main beef on the graphical side is that it starts to hurt the eyes after a while because of the motion blur - if you have a 120Hz monitor the game will shine but for 60Hz plebs like me it can get a bit painful over extended periods.On the audio front, it's quiet. Aside from the menu music and effects you don't hear much in the way of ingame effects, with your music being the absolute focus of the game.Overall, Melody's Escape is a very good rhythm game and well worth trying out for fans of the genre. It's feature set is a bit minimal but that's to the plus - it's focused on what it does and it does it well."
,Recommended,270210,23530833,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,AIAthefirst,"This game is amazing, the idea of it is pure genius, not only will you never get bored of playing it but it never ends, literally every new song that comes your way makes a new sequence in the game, the more complex the the song the more challenging the game. it is my dream game combining  two things i love, games and music. listening  to a song just got a whole more interseting."
,Recommended,270210,15339951,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TCG,It's fun yet extremely challenging. Fantastic rhythm game!Just load your song files and start playing!Better than Audiosurf? Yes.Better than osu! and DanceDanceRevolution? We'll have to see. ;)
,Recommended,270210,9270500,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Headline™,"I can tell the time and patience was put into this. The synchronization is SO AWESOME!!! I seriously can not compare the synchronization to any other music game except Audiosurf. Now know that if you do get the game, it will be a bit tricky to get the hang of, but once you continue playing it gets easier.*EDIT*I have played a wide range of tunes at different BPM and all of them seem so synchronized it's like Magic. That includes Rock, Classic, Pop, Electronic, Dubstep, Country, I mean I seriously tried a lot of different things and they are all awesome to play. (Yes, even listening to Classical music was awesome!)The whole concept is incredible with Melody doing a lot of awesome things while at the same time you need to keep your eye on what button to press next because they can fly by really fast. While at the same time, you have to keep the rhythm in mind or else you will fall and not get a good score. So this music game definitely will put your skills to the test.At the moment though there seems to be issues with ghosting, or motion blurs, to be precise. Notes almost are shown double as you come up to them. This is the only major issue with the game however it is still possible to play. You just have to hope to get use to it until the updates come in.Why am I still typing out this review?! I'm going to play more and look forward to future Alpha updates! :)"
76561198188397106,Recommended,270210,25767748,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Leonidas,"9$ for this game. Just No, i would rather give 5$ instead of 9$ i like the game but the price is too high. (Yes and No)"
,Recommended,270210,20742046,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Slurk,"Overload difficulty, good arm workout."
,Recommended,270210,22562578,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Marie♥,"Melody's Escape is a rhythm style runner game ... I really do enjoy this type of game and there is not a whole lot of rhythm games on steam. so I decided to buy this game a while back and I had loads of fun with it this game really surprised me for just a random purchase out of the blue. There is a few problems that I do have with the game though... well 2 problems really it has no library of its own songs, I think this game would do great if it had some of its own songs in the game so you don’t have to go off finding music in files and such it gets kind of annoying though if Your desktop isn't messy like mine is and u can actually find stuff, it’s as simple as dragging the mp3 file into the game. Another little problem I have with the game is that if you play it for long periods of time it can tend to be a bit stressful on the eyes, sometimes I feel like when you hit a button to a corresponding beat the shine you get from hitting it is a bit too bright and I haven’t really found a way to change that. Other than that the game is great and if u have a few bucks to spend and some songs on your computer this would be a great pickup. The game also has workshop support so if you don’t like the runner character you can change it to whatever you want. This game is great for those people who want a good rhythm game on steam and I would highly recommend it."
76561198091284749,Recommended,270210,23177516,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Dodonino,Tried Rashid Theme From SFV in overload difficulty.E-sport is real.
76561198128271576,Recommended,270210,23108873,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Comrade Freeze,"I only played this for just over half an hour, and I can already say that this is an amazing game!-Pros-Any soundtrack-multiple difficulties-A ""time waster""-Cons-Not enough potatoes.Recogmended ""Tracks-Megalovania-Bonetrousle-Carol of the Bells (Trans Syberian Orchestra)-Glory to Arstotzka (v3)"
76561198038396058,Recommended,270210,23306283,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kráca,Always thoughtAudioSurfwill be the first.Loses virginity withMelodyinstead.Still no complains.
,Recommended,270210,9783584,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,MrSaturdayNight™,"Works well, good game."
76561198031859700,Not Recommended,270210,9288792,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Starbane,"WIsh I could say I played this game a good bit to get a really good impression, but I get motion sickness really badly and there seems to be some wicked motion blur going on that I haven't experienced in other rhythm games. From what I have seen though, the game is wickedly spot on with its beat detection.However, the motion blur is too much for me and renders it unplayable to those who get motion sick easily. I can't recommend this game since its just not playable for me at this time. If the motion blur issues get all resolved, I will gladly recommend this game."
,Recommended,270210,9274535,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Choxie,"Just a short and sweet review.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21Ccu6Hxt8gPros:-Music algorithm to assess your music is great, not PERFECT, but definitely better than most out there.-Graphics are pretty and smooth.-Gameplay is somewhat challenging, if you're using a controller and are used to the 'colors' on your XABY buttons on an Xbox controller, then you'll be somewhat comfortable since the inputs in game are colored the same way.-You can drag music files to the game window to play that song, so using a music player like FOOBAR would be beneficial.Cons:*BIG CON* - The strain it puts on your eyes is pretty hefty. Even though I play games like Stepmania where things are frantic enough, Melody's escape just has this visual effect that really wears on the eyes on incoming inputs...-No leaderboards-No search/organize function in music selection-Menu's are abit buggy when you change your resolution-Small gripe, any chance for Japanese character support? :DOverall, I do recommend this game, highly. It just needs a couple features to be a great game. Then again, it's still in Early Access and I can't wait to see what the devs can come up with! Definitely worth the money!"
,Recommended,270210,9272728,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Grey knight,Nice way to lissen to your music
76561198054135931,Recommended,270210,9272702,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,AlliTrap(GeneTome),"Great game so far, it's a little hard for me to keep track of the notes at times, but that's just user error. I love games that let you use your own music!"
,Recommended,270210,9286386,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Crispian Black,"10 out of kin 10. This game is awesome... Seriously awesome if you like your music and games like vector, bit trip runner and audiosurf. The song generator for the game map is unrivaled in it's ability to map out any song. Obviously dance songs work best, but all do work thus far. It is more stable than some official releases and provides thrilling entertainment. The best beat game around? If it is not, then kickbeat must be your top as they both show audiosurf how it can be done. Love music, know your beats.... then why have you not pressed the cart button yet. Do so now and forever thank me. If I am wrong, it's just not your song and play aqua kitty instead. Why? Who cares... Buy and enjoy for many hrs to come. 10/10 and still in alpha."
76561198095345433,Recommended,270210,23145837,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jye Jye,"I have one word that describes this game. One word. Awesome. I personally love the movement of Melody how she flys though the track on Auto-play mode while playing your favourite songs, all synced into the track. So if theres a large drop coming the game then changes speed to Normal, fast and Super fast. Making you have a siezure from the colors. If you're wondering, 'can i change these colors?' yes. Yes you can.I love the amount of creativity when it comes to a game that simulates music beats into a obsticle track with favourite colors and characters. The community of Melody's Escape is fresh, so more will come, and new things will be implemented. So far not many songs or in-game characters are in the game but eventually they will update it. Hopefully.If you scrolled down to see my rating, in pure lazyness, I Salute you!I rate this 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,9274604,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Robotx2300,Just imagine Bit-Trip Runner with a vocaloid running to the beat of you music. It's quite amazing.
,Recommended,270210,23129152,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Clem,"Think of it like audiosurf, but with a workshop full of weeaboo looks for the main character."
76561198060039117,Recommended,270210,25473258,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,(Eyeris)Toxicvirus1230,"It doesn't matter on what kind of music genre you listen to, this game's tempo detecting system will know every beat from it. Whether you listen to Rock, Pop, Hip Hop, or even Baby Metal, this game just knows every beat. I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a good challenge (if played on Intense or Overdrive) and enjoys playing to their own music.My rating: 10/10"
76561198013720540,Recommended,270210,23158570,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Supreme  Lord Commissar,Musiczzzzzz
,Recommended,270210,25296344,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Gedise,"I really like this game, you can say I am a bit of a fan."
,Recommended,270210,14211497,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tsunday.Phantasmagoria,"This is how I feel when wearing headphones while listening to music while in town. Especially when she activates the rocketboots.Jokes aside, fun little game to just boot up and play a couple of songs with. A little wonky with the rythm part but acceptable considering it's automated. Definately worth the price. 8/10"
76561198001737357,Recommended,270210,25878494,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Stormtalons,"This is the first game I've ever felt inclined to write a review for... I hope that says something. It's simple, polished, beautiful, and correctly priced; its become my preferred game whenever I want to relax or just kill some time.It's surprisingly difficult at first, until your brain masters the translation from color/symbol to button press. After that point. however, the game is pure bliss. It produces flow very easily, and my mind often wanders as I'm playing... only snapping back to attention when I miss one. It's incredibly cathartic.I will say that enjoyment of the game depends a lot on what kind of music you like listening to. When the game parses a song, it'll tell you how well it was able to track the music, either giving you the tempo (along with the game's confidence in that tempo) or simply reporting ""energy peaks"". I've found this rating to be fairly accurate in predicting the song's playability, and songs with high irregularity or ""noise"" (lots of background instruments, lots of different harmonies at once, etc) don't tend to be well suited for the game's algorithm (in my opinion).Examples of music that works very well:the entire Shatter OSTPendulum - The Island Pt. 1Pet Shop Boys - AxisThe Glitch Mob - Head Full of ShadowsI can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,270210,24337028,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Daria,its aight
76561198066205221,Recommended,270210,12159929,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,FrankieOnPcIn1080Pbhopscript.exe,"All i have to say is,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game, love everything about it. The game flows so well, and is pleasing to look at. If you enjoy games such as stepmania, or audiosurf then you will love this game. It helps to improve your hand-eye co-ordination and reflexes.All i hope is that they might add a multiplayer function, so you have have fun with your friends to see who is the best at what songs ;3.11/10 - IGN"
76561198039980691,Recommended,270210,11393893,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kaneki Ken,have u ever loved your music so much that u wish u could play it? well this is for you than! check it out!
,Recommended,270210,23800882,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,catfgrg,"I love being able to listen to my music and be able to play games at the same time with this i can actually do both and never get bored of my music. Also Melody's escape allows me to listen to music from my other games and then come back to this game if i want to listen to my music instead, because im usually turning off all the sounds in my other games in order to listen to my own music when I want to but now I dont have too."
,Recommended,270210,32634303,Posted: 21 June,all,Zintix,"Nae bad for the price. I keep coming back to this game every now and then, solid music/video game if you can grab it on sale"
,Recommended,270210,18536736,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Holo The Wolf,"Best Rythem Game I have played besides Osu!. The song calibration was above what I expected, great job!"
,Recommended,270210,18579142,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Cooty,"Melody's Escape is a very addictive game,it can either be really easy,or really challanging.Either way Melody's Escape brings your music into a game,and gives it even more reason to be awesome.Plus adding the workshop so people can make awesome skins makes the gameplay experience even better.I enjoyed every second of this video game,and i really wish to see more awesome games like this."
,Recommended,270210,13587787,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dante,Very fun.
,Recommended,270210,27099139,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,unidentified,I can now run to my music.
,Recommended,270210,23149449,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,<COBRA> 5oClock,A good game to pass time with for sure.
76561198049260692,Recommended,270210,17526255,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kez,I tried playing Dragonforce's Through the Fire and Flames on overload. I no longer have any thumbs.
76561198252161278,Not Recommended,270210,28953393,Posted: 2 January,all,SlightlySpookySheep,"It's basically what I would expect from a flash game or a mobile game. Even Vector, a FREE mobile game (of the same theme) is better than this.If you really want to get it, get it on sale"
,Recommended,270210,10693637,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blumenkranz,"Really fun game for the music buff. Love that it plays my own music. Sometimes, the faster speeds can give headaches, but otherwise, it's great."
,Recommended,270210,25961747,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Blak Cake,"I've been playing this game for a long time now but wanted to wait until it was out of Early Acces before giving my opinion.The game itself is very simple but funPros:-Fun-Infinite replayability-Play your own songs-Gamepad support-A lot of customization-Steam Workshop to share skins-Great learning curve and satisfaction once you've mastered a songCons:-It doesn't always recognize your song correctly, some songs feel more like you're just pressing random buttons while listening to music-No map/level editor for perfect timing-No integration with any music streaming service (Spotify, Soundcloud, etc)-No Steam CloudYour scores are reseted EVERYTIME you reinstall the gameApart from the Steam Cloud problem, I don't see any reason to not recommend this game unless you're crazy about scores (Tip: Always screenshot your best score just in case anyway).If you love rythm games and always wanted you play with your own music this is the perfect game for you!"
,Recommended,270210,31338183,Posted: 24 April,all,FunKy,GLHF with Russia Techno xD
,Recommended,270210,10500069,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Bechamel Zukowskaia,Sexy lady.
,Recommended,270210,29198619,Posted: 11 January,all,MaahHeim,"Best game to play when you don't want to think about anything. It's really pretty too. Puuuf, and you just escape from reality.Seriously now, I still haven't got the hang of it, or maybe I'm just terrible with rhythm games, who knows (Although I DO pretty well in osu). But it's good either way. I believe I would do better with a console."
,Not Recommended,270210,24415447,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DDRJake,"This game offers nothing to a fan of other rhythm games.The notes you have to hit feel off beat, the animations&effects lack any weight to them and the colouring of bright commands on a dark background are hell on the eyes.If you want to play a game which is generated by your music, Beat Hazard would be my recommendation, but not this game."
,Recommended,270210,9274981,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Yukki Nomizu,"ok lets start with most people, i do think this is one of the games that come cheaply for what it is, i mean it's awsome worth the buy. Now for others, i've play diff. songs launges and generas. for detection it's good at what it does, for english and others. but when not playing english songs the detection is still good but may take some vocal as notes, may making a slow song fast. For the animation it fre flowing and feels great. i can't wait to see mods for this game because the effects might be small in size to some games but shown in a matter makeing even the hair color changes a big effect, especaly with his beat detection. when you start out in the game you'll most likly not hit many notes at all but give it a half an hour to an hour you'll likly be hitting them, don't get me wrong, becoming a master at the game will take a while it's easy to learn hard to master type of a game. for the rest it's up to you."
,Recommended,270210,30157909,Posted: 24 February,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,Just listen 2 meme tracks until the gimmick runz out lmao
76561198200682485,Recommended,270210,23391085,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,WilyTheDr & Knuckles,This is the only game I own where I can fly through obstacles as Ruby Rose while jamming out to P!ATD10/10
,Recommended,270210,23407301,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,phpony,"I don't think it's possible to create an arcade game which will let you to run through your favorite audio tracks with no glitches at all and with perfect bit detection and audio2video conversion. Many years ago we had Winamp with it's visualisations of any kind. There are plenty of Japanese ""clicking"" and ""stomping"" games. The are A+ arcades like Rayman series with rich audiovisual content. And here is this game - a simple 2D-platformer. Not as hard, as traditional Japanese games of it's kind. Not as rich and A+ games. But it's charming simple. The best way to spend a couple of minutes without any thoughts and ideas. Easy enough to relax and enjoy, hard enough to keep you focused on action. And, of course, your favourite music is here. Not all tracks are converted to obstacles in a perfect way - sometimes they seems like completely unrelated to music, but that's ok - just choose the track with more obvious beat. Still nice game to play from time to time!"
76561197993514098,Recommended,270210,23321893,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Diezmar,This game really doesn\'t offer much.. i mean every level is pretty much the same and it only has 8 diffent button prompts..Oh wait.. i\'ve put a dozen hours into this already?!
,Recommended,270210,23318232,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ama-nee,"Played 4 or 5 tracks and I already want to strangle Yuki Kajiura, is it normal?"
,Recommended,270210,23383212,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Lightman,"Nice music rhytm game, main thoughts from 8h of gameplay:-Simple mechanics but very addicting.-Good custom music conversion to game-levels, those converted with tempo method are accurate, though energy peaks is not, as it's not consistent to music rhytm => harder to play.-Good learning curve with 4 difficulties, they seems hard at first but when you adapt, you can move on,-Increasing BPM rate 2x at low tempo @intense difficulty is probably not good way to fix difficulty of slow songs, as it makes them even harder than fast ones,-It would be nice to have 4/5-heart completition achievements for higher difficulties.Never played similar games before, and this one is only one that caught my attention from previews. With this small problem, i can definitely recommend this game, 9/10"
,Recommended,270210,29323448,Posted: 17 January,all,Ivmens,If you want real challenge then try with metal.
76561198025564471,Recommended,270210,23800614,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Glory of Dawn,"Visually stunning, good track detection. If running was this fun in real life, I don't think I'd stop."
76561198047629888,Not Recommended,270210,32791875,Posted: 25 June,all,Moon Moon,"While the game isn't necessarily bad I already own Audiosurf 2 and very much prefer that over this game.This game is a pretty nifty concept but I really don't ""FEEL"" my music in the same way as in AS2, at all times you are very aware you are playing this, focusing on the colors and directions rather than the beat/vocals of the song. Speaking of beat/vocals, the color/directions do not sync with the parts of the song that you'll likely be focusing your attention on - the lead vocals / main beat. It seems like it syncs more with the backround ""noise"" of a song which is rather disappointing.Overall several tracks I've played seem somewhat barren and the colors/directions are not in time with how one would be say bobbing their head to their music. I've tried a few genres and I feel that the more subtle/less energy your song has the more you might enjoy the game. Definitely seems like something that should be played listing to like Kpop or something but anything in the realm of rock or heavier leaves much to be desired.TLDRNot bad if you don't own Audiosurf2 but if you enjoy this game I'd urge you to try out AS2 who seems to do the audio algorithm much better - the difference in the FEEL is astronomical."
,Recommended,270210,23119168,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Stardust Breaker,your waifu is running away from other weebs who are trying to take her away
76561198005906069,Recommended,270210,23831694,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Power Of Syndra,"Hey, this is a sweet little game. If you like music and if you like reaction-time based games, this is something for you.Also the main theme ""Regaining control"" is a chill song I put on my mobile-phone now.It´s just awesome you can create levels based on your own songs you import into the game.♫♪ ♫♪ ♫♪"
,Recommended,270210,23127993,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NOWAVE,I like the game.Slow music is more appropriate.Fast music does harm to your eyes.
,Recommended,270210,23175975,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,KakaRea,Relieve your stressMusic is what makes your heart be free and your mind fly
,Recommended,270210,29318201,Posted: 17 January,all,Silent Rob ϟϟ ✠,"Relaxing, And let's your play any of your own music while playing as Jotaro or Shantae.Love it."
,Not Recommended,270210,29313319,Posted: 17 January,all,〠 ＬＩＭＵＮＡＤＥ,"This game is extremely bad in many ways. Let me explain why.Firstly it's blurry background. How can I press right combination buttons if I can't proper see what expect me further?!This game hurts your eyes. Really, that’s issue connected with the previous one or maybe that’s the reason (I played “Beat Hazard Ultra” and didn’t feel such pain than in this game…)Two types of barriers. There is bubble and an arrow. You have two types of “movement”: WASD and ARROWS and the funny thing that you have to use them both in different combinations.Music is just a background. It’s not a part of the game! Bubbles and arrows just randomly placed.A little chit-chat about difficulty. There is 4 types: Relaxing is when you just press same buttons of the same direction (it’s make it boring, not relaxing); Medium is when you can use WASD for the arrows; Intense when you have to use arrows for arrows, WASD for bubbles; Hardcore is when you have to use WASD and ARROWS for any barriers.I thought this game has unique mechanic but I was wrong because I didn’t expect that this will be “guitar hero game type” with your music playing at the background. In “Audiosurf 2” there is a game type that way better than this game overall. I didn’t feel eye sickness while playing it and really can relax (not bored like here). Not worth it to buy even with 66% discount!"
,Not Recommended,270210,23273683,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gaw,"FeatureDetailsScoreGameplayVERY repetitive. Watch a gameplay video WYSIWYG.2/5GraphicsXNA game, basic and boring. Obviously no FPS problems.3/5Music SyncRates each track as adequate/good/excellent. Sometimes it uses Energy Peaks. It's only playable when Excellent, which is rare.2/5SettingsGreatly improved since Early Access. There are problems though.4/5VibrationAdjustable, by default VERY strong. Sadly it is continual, and will quickly drain controller batteries.?/5Steam WorkshopCan change characters and bad forced colour tint.3/5Online ConnectivityNone. In all respects.0/5Songs tested:Foreign Beggars - ApexChemical Brothers - Battle ScarsKanye West - Barry BondsDavid Bowie - Magic DanceSafri Duo - Bongo SongSuperSweep - NO GAME NO LIFEThe Verve - Bittersweet SymphonyNorazo - Andromeda (노라조)CFO$ - SAWFT Is a Sin (Enzo Amore)"
,Not Recommended,270210,24024203,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BreBizarre,"I really wanted to play this game, but it doesn't work with music from Apple Music which is in an M4A format.I tried converting it to MP3 and it still doesn't work, it says ""unsupported file format"".If you use apple music or iTunes as the main source of your music, this game won't work. :["
,Recommended,270210,23111442,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Eins,LOVE THIS GAME!can either be an intense indie rhythm game or a relaxing music player.and it can even use your own music so10/10
,Recommended,270210,9274093,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Schu,"I saw this game while I was listening to ""And we Run"" from Within Temptation. And I must say I'd never had something so apt... Instant buy and no regrets after a bunch of these on that song- especially the chorus:""And we run, with a lonely heartAnd we run, for this killing loveAnd we run, 'till the heavens aboveYeah we run, running in the darkAnd we run, 'till we fall apartAnd we run, 'till the heavens above""Very worth it.Probably better to start with less beats per minute though- I started at 126, which is a fast paced song. I found 90 to be nice and smooth. The whole reason I only have 1 hour (at current writing) on it is because I needed sleep and have homework to do for uni, I need breaks and games like these are the best for it."
76561197987168548,Not Recommended,270210,23853352,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,thermite187,This game was cool for a few minutes. I like these types of games but it became repetitive and near impossible in normal mode. If you really want a challenging game this would be it. Unfortunately because of how repetitive it is I can't really recommend it. Plus I had to download a special DLL just to play the MP3 tracks.
,Recommended,270210,23125899,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,DavidLeon,"Its a best music game, because you can use your download songs and your concentretion. Only i have one suggestion: i can spotify account and i want play with my spotify music and i dont can. Thanks and its a perfect game"
76561197974705565,Recommended,270210,15631501,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,hippo,10/10 would seizure again
,Not Recommended,270210,32109390,Posted: 1 June,all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Its okay, but which directional button needs to be more clearly displayed on the orbs, otherwise you'll need to known which colours are denoted by which button on the XBox controller.Graphics are nice, but it did hang Windows 10 when changing to full-screen mode."
,Recommended,270210,13872414,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MCSMünster,"So I'm actually kind of on the verge of recommending and not recommending Melody's Escape. I'll explain, of course, but in the end I do recommend this - just to a certain crowd of gamers.Now, I have previously reviewed Audiosurf, and after finishing everything I wanted to do in Melody's Escape I moved on to Beat Hazard. All three of these games are similar in the whole ""play your own music"" motif, but each game has vastly different gameplay mechanics. And I have to admit, out of these three ""play your own music"" games, Melody's Escape did the least for me. Don't get me wrong, it's not a terrible game, just not a fantastic one in my eyes.In short, Melody's Escape is a running game set to your music. You control a female protagonist named Melody and tap certain directional keys to correspond with obstacles, such as sliding, jumping, and kicking through blocks. There are sections for each type of intensity, as well. The background changes to a slightly hotter color and the scenery moves faster as the intensity of a song builds up. On top of this, there are also slow-motion sections of long jumps for cooldown segments of songs, which I think is quite a nice touch despite being rare, as I've only encountered such sections maybe 3 or 4 times out of the hundred-ish songs I played. Finally, there are multiple difficulties you can choose from. The easiest has you press only one directional key for each section of a song, and the hardest has you usebothWASD and arrow controls for certain types of obstacles, which poses a substantial challenge.However, besides the decent gameplay, this game has a few issues for me. First off, the visuals in this game are very basic and bland, and the game isn't nearly as visually appealing as Audiosurf or Beat Hazard. Even the menu looks rather boring. Unlike other rhythm games I've played, Melody's Escape features no music on the menu, and I think that's a nice facet that rhythm games ought to have. In Melody's Escape, the menu is just silence, save for the minimal ""beep"" sounds that you hear when selecting options on the menu.There is also very little to do in this game and minimal incentives. There isn't a sort of leveling up system or anything to unlock, nor leaderboards for songs, rendering your high score on songs to not have much purpose. The only real incentive in this game is the 8 achievements, which are all relatively easy to get if you're going for them. It only took me around 8 hours to get them all. After that, it comes down to merely playing for fun. And I'm not a huge fan of games that are solely made to pass time unless there's actual incentives or things you can do afterwards.Anyways, if you want more of a ""for-fun"" rhythm game customized to your music to pass the time with, Melody's Escape would be a good purchase for you. If you're into games with more of an incentive and contain more for you to do, consider Audiosurf or Beat Hazard instead. However, keep in mind this game is still in Early Access as I write this and is probably awaiting a few changes, so I can hope that some of its issues will get fixed in forthcoming updates."
,Recommended,270210,14441789,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Arttie,"First off let me say#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI LOVE THIS GAME!Now I will elaborate why and even state some of the cons for others that are interested.Pro's:Gameplay:I actually feel the difference between the difficulty levels, though I will note I have not tried nor do I know how to play on the most difficult setting. The game makes figureing it out for yourself possible.Graphics:It's fully customizable mind you, even your runner is easily customized using mods or making them! yourself.Sound/Music:It's your own music, Let the game suit your tast, the rest of the sounds are so unobtrusive I don't notice them.Con'sGameplay:I really can't nit pick anything besides the score bored being to high, If it were lower down checking how you were doing would be less likely to mess you up, but honestly It's fine as is.Graphics:This game will RIP your eyes out of their sockets and REM them from reality. (Unless I don't know you change the video settings?)Sound/Music:If you're music library doesn't exist I admit you should probably get on that because you need music to play."
,Recommended,270210,9346499,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Pudding Please,"Oh my god, I think I'm blind! 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,23134107,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,xxxstefxxx,"New concept   ,  sonic stile , but with music  , well  youneed to push on the rithm of the music  ,  you can import your own music  and the stage will addapt to  your music   ,   it is hard to explain  but  this is simple  and relaxing  ,  it feels  good   ,  its a joyfull game    never seen before  with this concept   ,  one of a kind   .   VERY GOODps:  if you dont like pop or electronic music   , then it will be less   , becose the game  addapts to the key and ritme  of the music."
,Recommended,270210,18370446,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Melody Cloud,I love this game as its rhythm based game as iv got really good timing and such its is a must have in my terms it kinda reminds me of osu in a way. but the only thing that stops me is the bs latency i still cant get it proper even when i calibrate it im thinking it might be a animation thing that the dev should fix or somthing but still this game is great and also some of the workshop mods are good and workshop should be put in more games.
76561198093558548,Recommended,270210,15474118,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,poisionkitty,I first wasn't sure about Melody's Escape but I was sure it was good! So I gave it a shot!AND NOW IT'S ONE OF MY FAVOURITE GAMES!!!! The beat points are very well synced intothe music which makes it even more jumpy and exciting! In many songs I was tapping my foot andknodding my head to the music! I loved it!*Good syncing in with the music* Awesome effects*Makes the music more jumpy*IT'S JUST AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,270210,19489349,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Stairs,Good game. Causes eye strain.
,Recommended,270210,16632898,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,emotional cheri,"indie, early access"
,Recommended,270210,9300372,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ASMKDWOAQIUN,"Cant even play the game, Whenever i drop in music, the game crashes, if this happens to Anyone else, PM me or just comment here, cause if it is this is bull crap and a waste of money for me at the moment"
,Recommended,270210,14251552,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Scientist,I originally found this game by seeing a friend on steam playing it and i checked it out. Great game. Rythym base game and you can choose a song from your computer and it will generate a level that matches the music. Choose a difficulty to match your skills!
,Not Recommended,270210,23293650,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MoPhaux,"I love rythem games.  But this game is too simple.  Im used to things like DDR with super fast reaction times.  Or guitar hero on expert.  Even on the hardest setting this game is easy.ProsNone in my opinion.ConsPredictableCant perform complex actionsSlow even on 160+BPM SongsDoes not catch solos or individual notes wellSame pattern of note laying.  It puts notes on the down beat of 4x4 patterns, and thats about it."
,Recommended,270210,25016855,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Shaymin,"Ok im not very good at writeing reviews but ill give it a go.Melody's escape is amazeing rhythm based game with stunning visuals and unique level designs. You play as the character melody but thanks to brilliant moding community you can customise how your player looks everything from there outfit to hair style.each level is diffrent from each other due to its based of what music you play, it uses a music recognition softwear so you can play along to your favourite songs and music and each note is in time with the music so you really feel immersed in the game. Melody's escape now has its own songs for you to play so you don't need to have any music of your own to play the game.Over all i find Melody's escape one of the best games out there i can't recommend this game enough."
,Not Recommended,270210,14991130,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jellobin,Whilst Playing a song myCPUspiked to 100%CPUusage on aDuel Xeon Systemand stops and lags the game.
76561198048880307,Not Recommended,270210,23254912,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,x3al,"Pros: cheap, can be fun with some music genres.Cons: beat-matching fails on a lot of genres and there is no way to make all difficulties to look consistent. It really hurts gameplay. Also, the 'overload' difficulty feels cheap."
,Recommended,270210,23119324,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TheBlueLotus,"Fun game, highly recomend"
76561198072150085,Recommended,270210,20534843,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BillybobJoe,"I love this game, but the art style and presentation are highly misleading. I couldn't get the game to work terribly well with what little japanese music I had, but it worked absolutely wonderfully with metal."
76561198133142848,Recommended,270210,23246465,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Xterminator☻,Hours of musical enjoyment!  10/10
76561198032641493,Recommended,270210,10631436,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Maddie Fayence,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,270210,23316848,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,White,"- The love child of Mirror's Edge and Audiosurf.- Song syncing feels smoother than Audiosurf.- Didn't give me a seizure.Give it a go, you won't be disappointed. Does take a bit getting used to though."
,Recommended,270210,23220632,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,VΣXZ,"Rythmn games have had a huge part in my gaming experience because i have always love how music flows and following beats. This game allowed me to continue that ""fad""I love how this game runs and flows yet the stuttering of objects as they pass can cause eye strain if playing for long amounts of time. Taking short breaks can solve this.I feel that the animations could be a bit smoother and the ""hold"" objects maybe more detailed instead of two black bars, but for a new game everything works great and im loving it!Some songs I enjoyedFeint-ShatterNetsky-Iron heartFatboy Slim- Let the bass kick in miamiOverall rating? 8/10"
76561197981480750,Recommended,270210,34490175,Posted: 25 August,all,Nemesis,"You can play all sorts of music in this game, and I mean all sorts (that's including your own). Not many games do that, and there's more than likely a reason why."
,Recommended,270210,19248348,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,A.Babu.Milkshake,Omg I love this game ima do you tube videos with this it's awsome
,Recommended,270210,23127956,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zeno,Great Game! i rate it 8.5/10
,Recommended,270210,23122583,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LittleMedic,"Holy crap. I thought to myself, damn, relaxing is too easy.Better boost this up to medium.HOLY BEJEEZUS.See, I'm a fan of electro swing. I love fast tunes. That was a mistake. Caravan Palace's Rock it For Me on Medium? I thought I could handle that.I realise that unless I was having a seizure, I'm going to be here for the rest of my life trying to get 100% on fast tunes.But aside from that, great fun. Would recommend. I'm going to go rub my face on the keyboard now and hopefully get 100%."
,Recommended,270210,24003106,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Glommes,"I'm surprised how much fun this is!  This is great if you like rhythm based games.  You can use your own library of music, and it does a good job of generating levels from your music.This is also something that can be picked up and played for a few minutes at a time, for people who have a short attention span like myself.   The easier difficulties are more relaxing, an easy way to interact with your favorite music.  The hardest difficulty is freaking tough.The concept is simple, and it is well done.  Recommend."
76561198069067108,Recommended,270210,9765175,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,IM THE INVISIBLE MAN,LOOOOOOOOOOVE IT
76561198018361440,Not Recommended,270210,29323027,Posted: 17 January,all,Lightningblade,"Optics:Some animations are not smooth. With some animations the character nearly teleports into another stance or atleast goes into the needed stance with an insane speed while other animations look really smooth and nice by using realistic speeds.The background is meh. Some animations going on but nothing changing over time or anything.Gameplay:The controls should be straight forward (WASD or Arrow keys). But somehow they aren't. Atleast for me. Pressing 'A' / left arrow key while your character is moving right feels wrong. That might be a personal problem since I played a lot of platformers, but I think a better control would be QWER / 1234 since wasd is normally used for movement. In this game you can not control the movement at all. All you have to do is time the 4 buttons. The movement is done by the game. If you need to jump a cliff the game will not use only W for jumping, you can encounter any of the four keys, in every situation (Crawling/sliding/flying/jumping etc.) so any key can be any direction of movement.The algorythm does seem a lot worse than the one from Audiosurf where the blocks you have to hit match the song really well and the speed of your ""ship"" is corresponding to the current BPM of the chosen song. You don't have that here. It's somewhat in sync to the song where you have to press buttons but there isn't anything speed related other than walking when the song gets quiet. Id say the key presses are ~60%  in sync with the few songs I tried.Performance:I have a RX 480 + R9 280X and a fx 8350 (8x4,5 GHz) and still it tells me that I have FPS problems (Getting below 40). Sometimes I achive my 144 fps for my freesync but how can the game be so badly optimized that such simple graphics use so much resource. (I get more FPS in Crysis 3 on High than in this game) To be fair, Crysis runs in fullscreen while this ran in windowed mode but still this should make my point clear."
,Recommended,270210,9374541,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[Ratchet Miles],"It's a decent game, but it's really hard for beginners like me, you have to have a really good refreshrate and reactiong timing for anything beyond relaxing mode."
76561198145204479,Recommended,270210,23153136,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SEMOOZ,just awesome
,Recommended,270210,15635963,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Zombie.Owl.777,can make you feel dizzy so dont play for a long time. i love the customisation of the background and character also the slow-mo is epic
,Recommended,270210,21103967,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GabeNewell1337,Pretty cool. Though I wish you could have an ingame store to purchase more music to play in the game.
,Not Recommended,270210,30789746,Posted: 28 March,all,comrade_cylon,"I found it to be boring pretty quick, regardless of what music I chose. It just wasn't for me."
76561198049089657,Recommended,270210,9436129,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Venim85,Melody got a nice rack. 10/10!Would definitely motorboat again!
76561198279671839,Recommended,270210,23286263,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Apocalyptic92,fun
,Recommended,270210,29476837,Posted: 24 January,all,WildPants,I like it.
,Recommended,270210,29489099,Posted: 25 January,all,Oscar James,"That's a very good game, i like it!"
76561198127933301,Recommended,270210,23208503,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Wing Kalas,"Really fun game,it's like Osu! but for North Americans"
,Not Recommended,270210,23212007,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,NPCMook,Pro-ChallengingUse your own musicCons-Calibration starts once you hit the buttonGave me motion sickness from running a 30 FPS game at 60 FPS
,Recommended,270210,23495873,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,MarsksMan,It's Not Melody's EscapeIt's Rythm Escape
76561198172144946,Recommended,270210,23119264,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pter Parker,"If you remember Dance Dance Revolution, your childhood was awesome.This is kind of like DDR, but this time, you control the character instead of arrows."
,Recommended,270210,23190664,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,DerDude1138,"Its a fun Game to play your music with, i recommend it!"
76561198132859429,Recommended,270210,21120091,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PuppeteerFox,"Would ABSOLUTELY reccomend this game. I feel it syncs very well to my music, and it doesn't  take too long to load!I love this game, it's so beautiful and fun!"
76561198066438693,Recommended,270210,17689335,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,BW,"A very nice rhythm based game, I like its idea. And it will surely worth its price, IF some improvements can be made.1. The move sometime don't match up with the rhythm, maybe it's due to the music I choose , but I do hope that developers can improve the system of analyzing music.2. Movement/Action of the character isn't smooth enough at some point. (Sorry I'm obsessives.)3. I hope players will be allow to make their own levels and share them on the workshop. (Another way to solve the problem of music analyzing system)For now, I give it 9/10 for its current state, and I don't regret for paying $9.99 for it. (If it's on discount--DANG!!!)Since it's still in early access, I'm sure it will get better and better. (Dear developers, please don't slap me in the face)"
,Recommended,270210,17703818,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Lightspeed_1992,"I was interested in a game similar to Guitar Hero, in the sense you have to tap the right buttons in time to the beat, and had trouble finding anything, I tried Audiosurf and similar games and just couldn't get into them, despite them being music and rythm based, they weren't really what I was looking for, then I happened to stumble across this.It's a brilliant little game, simple but also is highly addictive and fun. You basically have to use buttons to hit a certain direction or orb in time with the beat in the song you choose. It can be relaxing on the lower difficulty if you just want a game ot chill with, or if you're looking for a challenge it certainly gives it to you on the harder settings. The animation style is very smooth, and the colours and graphics are very appealling to the eye. It manifests a level/obstacles based on whatever track you wish to use, and it does it very accurately, I was even surprised that even drawn out/slowmo parts of my song were also demonstrated as such in the gameplay.So if you're looking for a fun addictive time filler, and love your music as I do, this would be a great game for you !"
,Recommended,270210,9294574,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ღSonoda Umiღ,"Super fun game that will get you sucked into it for hours until the eye strain hits you. There have been few music/beat hit games that are enjoyable, such as Osu! and Stepmania. This is one to add to that list if you're a big fan of rhythm games.Overall a great game even in early access in my opinion.Pros:-Colorful and vibrant to look at.-Your own music can be played.-You technically can't fail a song and be forced to restart.-Accurate rhythm transcription.-Female protagonists are awesome.Cons:-Somewhat difficult.-Eye strain!-Limited customization on protagonist.Suggestions:-Work on the eye strain problem.-Sometimes notes are delayed and make the game difficult, but not much.-Variety is the spice of life: add more colors, protagonist customization, background, etc.-Online leaderboard for songs?-Utilize the workshop to create custom maps with songs.-Online mode to compete with others for highest score or best accuracy."
76561198063245829,Not Recommended,270210,9650932,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Kyon,"Alright, I played many different genre of music from my folder and it took a long time and many many tries to even adjust to the scrolling. The hitpoints aren't on time with the music and you're rather trying to get the mechanics of the hitpoints into your system than listen to the beat of your song. With every of the four colors, it's another speed of sidescrolling and another rhythm of when to hit the button to get the hitpoint. So, at the end of the day, if you do it a lot, you get the mechanics of the game, but you don't use sense of rhythm at all."
,Recommended,270210,33213654,Posted: 3 July,all,Infamous Hobolord,Can play as Yang Xiao Long wearing D.Va's outfit doing the Running Man Challenge.12/10 would buy again
,Recommended,270210,23277505,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ToxicTiger,"amazing game! music lovers will love this and the synced gameplay is good. and all for the price of £6.99, could be cheaper but this is a amazing game.i wish i you could have a accuracy system and multiplay where u can race against your opponent on songs.<get osu u ♥♥♥♥>"
01100111011010010,Recommended,270210,13855517,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,√λgaβoηđ,"Im giving this a thumbs up for the creative and original idea, and dispite the flaws of it being Early Access. However, I do not recomend it if you will have issues with the following cons.The first one is the motion blur. Yes, the motion blur from the ""markers"" and obstacles is really irritating. Because of it my eyes hurt and therfore I am distracted from enjoying the music and game. And this is due to the fact my eyes perceive the objects blurry, and have issues with tracking. This is worsen by the running and faster speeds, as the obstacles are seen only as colored blurry ""things"". A partial fix to this is to use your peripheral vision and focus on the runner.Second is the Sync and Track Speed. And I will compare this part to Audiosurf.Well, the game(Melody Escape) does scan the music quite accurately, but, the obstacles are place only on the bass or beat parts of the music. Whilist the speed, intended to be in the music is quite off.I used the soundtrack from UT2004 - Level 8, which has a more calm, jogging like nature, which smoothly transfers to a bit faster pace.First I tested it on Audiosurf(Ninja Mono). It went just as I expected, it started of slowly in the purple tone(slow pace), then the beats came up, making the road bounce a little, then the speed again smoothly changed to a blue tone, and this perfect sync with the temp went to the end, AND most importantly, the pace was changing in this way (purple-blue-blue/green-green/greenish yellow-blue-purple).Now if we take Melody Escape on Relaxing! difficulty. The beginning starts off with me ramming one button, then jogging, then running, then jogging again and these two speeds accompanied me almost the whole part with a very unsync transfer between each other, but I didn't finish, and this is where the 3rd con comes up.Obstacles are either too close, or too fast, even on slow speed option. Yep, in addition to the 1st con this makes the game unplayable. No matter what, you WILL miss.So, in the end I wish the devs could find out how Audiosurf was made, or rather how it syncs the music, and add more speed temps in addition to fixing the 1st and 3rd con.But still, I think the game is great, and it does have potential."
,Not Recommended,270210,29370562,Posted: 19 January,all,Horned Lizard,So much motion blur I go cross-eyed and get a headache.The game/program is good though.Motion blur... Not so much.
,Not Recommended,270210,26105673,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Floran Thorns,"Couldn't even start it, it doesnt launch.on forums says it needs to reset the whole .Net framework, but tried it many times over and it will simply not launch.0/100"
76561197998172729,Not Recommended,270210,26095090,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"At first I thought the motion of each action was random and had no relationship to the button press called for.I was wrong. Each motion is always called by the same button. It's just they're completely inane.On one tempo, the press and hold buttons map accordingly:Soaring upwards: leftLeaning back: downLeaning forwards: rightDiving down: upThere's no way to remap these animations.The player is pressed with conflicting and illogical signals constantly, training him to pay attention to nothing other than the colored arrow symbols. I'm sorry, I'd rather be able to turn those off and react to the terrain."
,Recommended,270210,28196360,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kyle Eleison,"Melody's Escape worth to buy if u looking for rhythm game, simple to play, nice music pack. U also can add ur own music, and there's workshop too if u got bored with default skin"
,Not Recommended,270210,29367265,Posted: 19 January,all,Morsealworth,"Bought it. Tried to open Papi Dance and Kaze no Tadoritsuku Basho. The game failed to detect the rhytm in those songs. Uninstalled, got a refund.What else there is to say?"
,Not Recommended,270210,29358116,Posted: 19 January,all,Aidan (forced meme),it's fun butIt crashes every 3 minutesthat was short lived
76561198356782575,Recommended,270210,29128546,Posted: 8 January,all,RepairedSpace06,"It's OK, but it only worked good with one or two of all the songs I tried (other than the six built-in songs, because they all worked perfectly). Even dubstep which you'd think would be a perfect fit for this game generated random notes and beats. I guess the best kind of song would be one with a strong, constant pulsating beat, yet mellow or calmer in tone. If you like the ""Radio Mirror Park"" station in GTA V, check this game out. Otherwise, either don't bother or be prepared to get your money back."
76561198068533429,Recommended,270210,23198680,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Private_Dad,"God this gets addicting fast. If you are a fan of rock bank games and stuff like that you will enjoy this, as it is that but with music you actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about. The reason? It's YOUR music. Awesome idea that has already cost me sleep, so A+ and time to ♥♥♥♥ing pass out."
,Recommended,270210,20977075,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gamer,It's like Dark Souls only with music
,Recommended,270210,21029730,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TylerCU,"As a lover of both games and music, this game is amazing. 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,15606328,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jet Edge (✿ ♥‿♥),"This game is basically like Audisurf but as a sidescroller (Audiosurf being the only thing ive played I can compare it to)I enjoyed my few hours playing it, but be forewarned, the game's artstyle makes it feel like you have a very fast character, with that means that the obstacles and button prompts and stuff come very fast as the camera is zoomed so close to Melody and you dont have much reaction time as a result. It is definitely possible to go crosseyed playing this game, so play in small doses. It technically works with every song, but in my few hours it only works with a few, as it varies the tracks depending on the song, like audiosurf, but some songs are sadistic even on the easiest difficulty which only requires 1 button push thought at a time.I do recommend this, but only to people who love very fast paced games and who also have very quick reactions, as for casual players the sense of speed is too great, or at least it is for me."
,Recommended,270210,11369049,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,"A fanastic game. If you like the idea of Guitar Hero or Rock Band, but wished it had your own music instead then this is the game for you. The game sometimes gets the songs a little wrong, but it is still impressive nonetheless."
,Recommended,270210,23122962,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,D.J.Rim,"It still need to work on gameplay. The motion from the background and the object kinda blurry. It almost burn my eyes, if that resolve it will be nice.Other than that, I did enjoyed."
76561198039548285,Recommended,270210,23228376,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Allie,Comfiest game 2016. Even better if you smoke or drink. Good sober too. Don't do drugs kids.
76561197979150637,Recommended,270210,13918869,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,𝓩𝓣𝓡𝓐𝓣𝓞𝓩 - twitch.tv/ztratoz,"Ganske awesome spill, men pass på Motion sickness bareblei litt snurrat i hode etter noen sanger ^^"
,Recommended,270210,9283447,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MassiveAssMan,"This is a very fast-paced game I only played a few songs and I love Melody's Escape, would recommend to music lovers everywhere."
,Recommended,270210,29376490,Posted: 20 January,all,𝓢𝓪𝓴𝓾𝓻𝓪,Very good game.
76561198028317383,Recommended,270210,21886821,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Tree Baron,Is good.
,Recommended,270210,23776655,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,C23,I love this game!
,Recommended,270210,32671165,Posted: 23 June,all,Creamy~ [BD: 6 days left],Gawrshhh i love this game so much...It's reminds me ...im in love <3
,Recommended,270210,23194427,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Darkstar,"Tried playing Bangarang on overload, overloaded my keyboard"
,Recommended,270210,28536518,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,level94836,"A really good game. my only problem, and this has never happened to me before, but this is the only games that when i play, i get dizzy. I've played video games so many times for years and this has never happened to me. I think it's a combination of a fast pace, cluttered visuals, and blurryness that confuse my brain. This only happens with fast songs, examples i've done are Styx's roboto, which i couldn't finish without passing out somehow. Slow songs are fine, but i can't find any that go slow enough for me to not feel strange.I don't have any medical conditions (at least i haven't been diagnosed any that are insanely alarming that prevent me from normal life) that makes me not able to play video games.If something could be fixed to make it look clear at faster speeds, i would 1000% reccomend it. but for now, i'd only do a 100% and tell you to get audiosurf if you have the same problem as i do. I have a machine that can smash any game, including this, and i get a constant 60 FPS. is that my problem? or is it something else? i'm not sure. ill just try to alternate between slow and fast so i don't get too sick until there is a fix, or i get something solved with me. I still highly reccomend the game, and i can't do so enough."
,Recommended,270210,15670013,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Reivax,Oh what is this? I think i'm high. why am i seeing 4 colors?! And oh yea the Synchronize is so perfect that my♥♥♥♥♥♥move up and down with it :D
76561198061410322,Not Recommended,270210,34212681,Posted: 13 August,all,Atari,"This game has magic in it.I don't understand what it does to detect the beat of poorly compressed songs but this game somehow does it, even when it's not certain of the bpm itself (energy peaks, it calls it). The randomly generated note tracks can be fun to play, but since they are randomly generated they aren't at all that engaging on their own. The fact that you can play to your own music that you love is what will keep you playing.The visuals are passable and the workshop integration adds a whole lot of content to the game. Being able to use any colour configuration you want is cool but also helps with colourblindness. The animations of Melody (the main character) herself are very stiff due to the way she's drawn in the game. Since her body parts are all non-stretchable static images that are simply moved and rotated, she cannot be very flexible. This does allow easy creation of alternate characters for her, though. Some people have reported getting motion sickness from playing this game due to the continuous scrolling from right to left, but I find that I can solve it by simply playing on a smaller screen.Due to a mix of no updates, poorly implemented controller configuration and lack of polish, I wouldn't suggest this over other play-your-own rhythm games. This opinion may change with future updates, however."
76561198057787572,Recommended,270210,9441436,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,VERY COOL,"The game's music-algorithim thing is built around electronic music. While that doesn't mean that it can't work without electronic music, you shouldn't expect it to.So, you know. Buyer beware.But it's nice. Really nice. Not difficult enough to really frustrate you, but not simple enough to be boring. It rides that line, and that's really what I wanted. It's great!"
,Recommended,270210,13502984,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Arcaynia,Great game! I would highly recommend this game to anyone that likes rythm games that could also play any song that you want!
,Recommended,270210,23338201,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,OsoMako,"To all my Audiosurf brothers, get this game. It makes tracks like Audiosurf, except you navigate them with directional keys/arrows. Or a controller if you're a peasant.It's awesome. Getting perfect scores is more straightforward like Audiosurf 1 mono. Just hit everything and don't mess up. However, it's just as hard to do on the higher difficulties.GET IT."
,Recommended,270210,12261031,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Aginor2,Flat out i would rate this game a 3/5. That being said I LOVE THIS GAME. It does do a very good job with your music and putting it to a beat to press with the keys.That being said the reason why i give it 3/5 is because there are a few issues.1. I the sencitivity from key press to responce is very weird and for the highh level WASD doesnt seem to work well which im a WASD man so even if i am at the skill level of the upper 2 dificulties i cant realy do them because i suck with the ariow keys XD.2. I wish there was a little bit more dynamic key pushing instead of up down left right...honestly all i want is a feture where you have to hold down those keys...i have seen this in the game but only on 2 songs and ony while walking/moving very slowly and even if it just happens to be my songs i do wish they could diversify some of the beats....just as long as it does not compromize the rythm set up they have because it is AMAZING atm.3. i have had some issues with syncing MP3 but that is probibly just my problem and not the gameMelodys escape is a fantastic game well worth the 10$ it costs quire frankly i think its well worth a little more.side note i wish they would allow you to make your custome...set...track where you play ur song do your beats free style and then able to replay your free styled game mode....if that makes any snce at all lol
,Recommended,270210,28723791,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blackstar1990,"An Absoultly beautiful, fun, crazy, moddable game. I( enjoyed it so much and my favorite part is how well it sync's your personal music to the game. Really pulls you in!10/10"
,Recommended,270210,23181109,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WellVeron,"9/10For now, it only got 100% excellent sync with pop/techno/dubstep genre. I would say 10/10 if it got 100% excellent sync with Rock genre!"
,Recommended,270210,23060541,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,☕ Aragorn 🐧,Very nice and addictive music game.
76561198050346255,Recommended,270210,17506068,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Mayushii,a very simple gameeeeee
,Recommended,270210,17503021,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,WeatherBox,"It's like LIMBO meets Audiosurf.Although, you don't control a dead boy in this game."
,Recommended,270210,17482348,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,profligate,yes
,Recommended,270210,23184480,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,☆ Ihic ☆,You put your favorite music in this game.You will not focus.Nah.... Just Kidding :V
,Recommended,270210,21324500,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Chemical Taint,"A fun take on the rhythm game genre. I've aways enjoyed games that let you load your own music, and Melody's Escape also gives you some great customization options - plus the addition of Steam Workshop items. This is the first game that has ever caused me eye strain but there are enough customization options that I was able to tweak it enough to make it playable. When it comes to the game play, the timing is very unforgiving and on the harder settings it can seem impossible.  There are calibration options which help but aren't perfect. The game was definitely enjoyable for me in short bursts but after I unlocked all of the achievements I felt like there was no reason to keep playing. There is no incentive to continue unless you like button mashing to different music. Maybe some unlockable content will come when the game is out of Early Access."
,Recommended,270210,29436214,Posted: 22 January,all,EliseBear,Fun game to waste time in when bored9/10 will highly recommendalso If you can get this on sale it's a buy.
,Recommended,270210,29423485,Posted: 22 January,all,Feral,good/10
76561198012910116,Recommended,270210,28773404,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zymeth,"Yes - this game is fun.Game info :You can pick your own tracks to be played.There are 4 difficulty levels which are :Relaxing (you use only 1 arrow)Medium (you use only arrows)Intense (when an obstacle appear, you use arrows, but when an orb appear, you use W/S/A/D)Overload (same as intense, but when you use arrows, you must use WSAD at the same time [same direction])Note to all difficulties : Higher difficulty=more orbs (not sure about obstacles) ; it also seem like relaxing and medium use same amout of orbs. If you fail passing an obstacle , your character dissapear for a short moment.Game overall is obviously simple and didnt fail me - its fun and worth the money spent on it while in -66% promition."
,Recommended,270210,23361735,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,EliteCrusader2,Awesome game that goes well with any music.
76561198272455966,Recommended,270210,23345083,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Master_of_Chaos,"this is a fantasic game, best type of music to be played with this game is electronic and techno, or whatever monstercat uploads onto youtube"
,Recommended,270210,23353825,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Evil Walrus,"I'm really impressed honestly. I tried the songs AWOLNATION - Fat Face, MGK - Chip Off the Block, and Adventure Club - Retro City, and EVERY SONG WORKED! Even though they were all completely different.It is also a nice gmae to throw on when you just want to relax (or you can put on a super fast song and not relax)"
,Recommended,270210,23375634,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Albatross,"It is very good, but it makes me dizzy to play it."
,Not Recommended,270210,25678075,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Seagull-78 (Not Smurfing Lel XD),I swear this thing (keywork: THING) is gonna make me feel anger everytime I listen to my favorite music.
,Recommended,270210,26105511,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,8GiG,"Melody's Escape just left Early Access and I luckily got it at the sale price. I played it before with someone else at an internet cafe when it was in early access. It was quite buggy then BUT its an amazing game. Its one I would HIGHLY recommend. I will not hate you for not believeing reviews. I actually was like many people. I saw the trailer but didn't seem all too convinced it was good. I was really wrong. Its a game that may always be easier or difficult-er. I do think that you should play the relaxing difficutly for your first time. I tried all other difficulties and it just goes to hell from Medium.My Current PC w/ Melody's Escape:GeForce 210Core 2 Duo160GB HDDPlaying at: Custom Settings (DISABLED, DISABLED, ENABLED)Resolution: 1280x760 - Windowed FPS 40-150I think there should be a fully customizable advanced settings area like how games have Texture Quality, Details. All that glitz and glamour. But I think there should be a certain few settings for lights.I also think that there should be a feature where the game tracks your preformance with the bundled songs and recommends difficulties. It'd really be nice to have the game track statistics.EDIT V2: I GOT MY FIRST PERFECT RUN (on relaxing difficulty, I'm a noob)!UNDERTALE OST Track 34 - MemoryScore: 15449Max Chain 61Timing:Perfect x61Good x0OK x0Missed x0Difficulty: Relaxing"
,Recommended,270210,23653113,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Naps n Tea,"This girl's runnning routine is healthier than mine , game's great though"
76561198247112704,Recommended,270210,32023588,Posted: 28 May,all,carbot0420,We need more update.
76561197999423205,Recommended,270210,31990520,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,This was pretty cool
76561198159187629,Recommended,270210,32055828,Posted: 29 May,all,♥ A L I C E ♥,Really fun game :)
,Recommended,270210,29704661,Posted: 4 February,all,King Slimload,"It has a few technical problems, but the massive amount of customizability, and the fact that the game's amount of content is limited, only by the amount of songs you have on your PC makes this game worth the price."
,Recommended,270210,21087276,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Spartan 058,Played this to Ruff Ryder's Anthem. There was an explosion when she kicked a wall and she burst into a sprint for the first time when there was gunfire. 10/10
,Not Recommended,270210,31137132,Posted: 14 April,all,ＰＹＲＯＦＯＸ,"Really cool game, and the bundled music is awesome, but holly hell does it need for optimization. I'm running this thing on a gtx 1080 and a 4.5Ghz OC 6600k and it is fluctuating nearly 100fps during levels. Supper jittery and hard to play like that and was starting to hurt my eyes even trying to figure out what to focus on when it moves like that at high speeds. I put on vsync first try (because of course i'm not gonna run this game unlokced on a 1080), kept dropping from 144 to 44. Turned of vsync, drops from even higher fps to 44. Also minor anoyance: 1080p isn't native 1080p. Looks more streched. This is a play-in windowed mode kind of game. If you guys improve the game performance so that hitting the rythem is more of a possibility let me know and i will change it to yes."
76561198025321433,Recommended,270210,23137991,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,American Currency,"I bought this game in Early Access two years ago and it already played quite well. Glad to see it got released and it works even better than before. A nice developer, a well-working music detection engine and addictive gameplay - totally recommended."
76561198031654644,Recommended,270210,29309319,Posted: 16 January,all,Moldy Bones,I thought this game was perfect for escaping snow halation and its idol trash. But you can''t run from the todoeke.9/10
76561198012586229,Recommended,270210,12891235,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ether7ex,Its an amazing game! Works with console controller :D
76561198005861397,Not Recommended,270210,29432377,Posted: 22 January,all,Saphirro,"Well, fun little game but terrible ghosting problem until(if ever) solved i can't recommend this."
76561198060176436,Not Recommended,270210,34988056,Posted: 15 September,all,FrozenRavine,"This is really cool, and does songs amazing, but all the motion blur and♥♥♥♥♥♥makes me really motion sick.I never get motion sickness, but this game induces it.Again, it's really cool and works, but you can't disable motion blur... which makes me sick."
76561197971887513,Recommended,270210,34917310,Posted: 13 September,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/dax32rNrz38
,Recommended,270210,19897602,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Leaf,"It's BIT.TRIP RUNNER mixed with Audiosurf, and it's ♥♥♥♥ing great.Why is this still in Early Access? It's pretty much perfect as is, so don't let that deter you if you're interested in playing it.I think I've got a new favorite ""builds levels out of your music library"" game. It's a rythmn game on par with Audiosurf, but instead of changing lanes and dodging obstacles you've got specific button prompts which on the higher difficulties use your controller's face buttons in addition to the D-Pad. It's DDR/Guitar Hero as an Infinite Runner. It's awesome. It's really ♥♥♥♥ing difficult with high BPM music.I'm gonna throw EnV, Chipzel, and Anamanaguchi out there as a few artists that really mesh well with the gameplay."
,Recommended,270210,23137904,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Budget Bender,I added porn music in the background.10/10
,Recommended,270210,9344065,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,DKA,"Melody's Escape is one of the best things that happened on Steam, it is a beautiful and solid game, it's all i can tell, i love it.Obviously this game does not work with ""all"" music genres, Trash Metal and Heavy Metal are my favourite music genres, but hey, on this game I'm willing to play anything (not everything of course =P) to take 100% of advantage on this awesome game.10/10"
76561198043773267,Not Recommended,270210,10857110,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,m9(^o^)プギャー,"I thought I'd like Melody's Escape but it didn't give me the type of music feedback (?) I am looking for. While the scenes change along with the speed/parts of the music, for some reason I wasn't able to immerse myself?I find that how Audiosurf has the track bounce up and down in tune to the beats of the song really immerses me more than the changing scenes in Melody's Escape.I do hear that if you are able to have vibration on your controller, it makes the experience better and that might be the type of feedback that I need in order to get in to this game."
,Not Recommended,270210,31835590,Posted: 19 May,all,2B or not 2B,"I enjoyed the concept, but I think the audio engine needs some work. Almost every song I tried was disappointing and off beat. The only other thing to note is that the sliding gameplay can cause headaches for some after a few minutes. I love the concept and hope updates further improve this game."
,Not Recommended,270210,28802670,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Roggan29,Music detection does not work so well with rock/metal songs.Besides that the game is basically a mix of DDR and Bit Trip Runner. Which sounds very promising did not work for me at all. Will stay with Audiosurf 2 for the time being.
,Recommended,270210,23215302,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Rekt One,Trust me:USEPORNAUDOWorks everytime
76561198035296591,Not Recommended,270210,10166170,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,seismicGASBAG,"This game... Has potential I suppose. But if you want to play this on a keyboard, think twice before buying this. The clikcing of your keys up and down make the beats a bit hard to hit and make it really confusing and frustrating. Now this might be alot of fun on a controler, but it's certanly not on a keyboard. The modes of play are frustrating as well, I find that a lot of my music for relaxing mode just plays in one cycle of gameply ( theres like 5 different modes of running) and it just gets repettive after a while. Also on relaxing it dosent seem that there is much varience in the music, like you're bacily just hitting one key for the beat the whole song. And you may be saying ""Just play it on normal mode then."" There is no ""normal"" it bumps right up to medium and hardcore and then insaine. Its just too difficult to play it on medium with the keyboard as well. If you want this, wait for a sale is all I can say."
76561198000722567,Not Recommended,270210,28898344,Posted: 1 January,all,wesker,"It's a nightmare if playing with your own song,otherwise,beautiful"
,Not Recommended,270210,29406519,Posted: 21 January,all,Karen Kujō,"The game is pretty good, but the art style gave me a headache after playing it for only 15 minutes. That and they need to allow you to change the colors of the orbs, as I sometimes had trouble telling the green and yellow apart from eachother.Overall it's okay, but I can't recommend it because it gives me a massive headache.6.5/10 (If it didn't give me a headache then it would get and 8/10)"
76561198214404868,Not Recommended,270210,28084366,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Seran,"On paper this game sounds great. But-1. I think the button presses are random (this might be me or it might be because of the next issue) but imagine trying to score a chorus the first time and you smack green orbs, but the next time it comes around it's blue and pink. You can't really develop memory to your inputs. Which you should for a rhythym game. It's all reactionary.2. generating new tracks for music can only work so well. I believe it works through peaks in the music's waveforms, which is probably the only reliable way to do this without handcrafting them, but it doesn't produce anything rhythmic. The beats you expect to follow change because sometimes a peak comes with a different instrument than the one you were just following.I played around with settings alot, trying to find a difficulty that worked well with different music. The ones I liked most were [intense speed/one-color/overload/doubletempo] and [relaxing with higher speeds] but I still didn't like them much.I bought the game for like. 50 cents or something. Maybe it was more, but the sale is over and I see it's $10. Way too much for what is essentially a running man flash game with an only decent track element."
76561198064211410,Not Recommended,270210,32995255,Posted: 29 June,all,Nahemii,"Not for me.I hoped Id be like geometry dash but its more like guitar hero.You just click the right buttons to the music while the girl is running. You cant jump, cant duck except right before the obstacle. And then its just plain clicking.I am also not that convinced  about the animation. Could be more flowy and have more weight.The music is cool though.But nah. Probably not going to play this again."
,Recommended,270210,23110399,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,CringyGull,11/10 would rate again
,Recommended,270210,24004372,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,paraide,EARS HURT
76561198041072900,Recommended,270210,13408878,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,undefinedyuuki,Some games try implementing motion blur. Some games have it naturally.
,Not Recommended,270210,15593160,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Azsyren Vice,"Never again. After 10 min I wanted my money back. I love music games, but this was done poorly. the color/diectional cues have Nothing to do with the music. It just wallows around trying to find a beat. no tutorial. You, just wallow around trying to find a beat. For a music game, this was horribly executed."
,Recommended,270210,22330640,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,puddin,waifu runner 20158.54/10
76561197997773188,Not Recommended,270210,21140731,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Redpossum,"I just can't play this. I checked to see that I'm getting 60 fps and that's fine, but I just can't make it work. I fail at everything and wind up just getting all frustrating and quitting to go play something else.Given that the reviews are 90% positive, it's more likely something with me, rather than something with the game, but I just can't make it work.I don't know what more to say, sorry."
,Not Recommended,270210,23203505,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Parado Proxia,"This game feels fantastic, the beats generated are generally on point, however there is a tiny graphical and sound glitch which stops the frames for about 1/5th of a second, this generally happens about 10 seconds or so.  This have only occured to me in my personal experience, so it may or may not apply to you. My specs are gtx 970 and i7 6700 cpu"
76561198109763809,Recommended,270210,33299840,Posted: 5 July,all,John(T)N,good
,Recommended,270210,33301784,Posted: 5 July,all,Eggsalad Surpreme,I want to punch someone in the throat right now
,Recommended,270210,14267563,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Piña-tan,My eyes hurt10/10
,Not Recommended,270210,14973145,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,gablelarson333,"Honestly, be very weary when getting this game. These are my reasons.1. The motion blur is as bad as everyone is saying. Playing by sight is very hard because you can't watch everything. its almost easier to just play with your eyes closed and guess what to do.2. The beat and rhythm detection  is honestly not that great. Now this may just be me, because everyone else seems to be fine. But for me, trying to press a button when you think it would be on the song is wrong. And even doing it when the screen tells you seems to be wrong. Which admittedly could be a lag issue. still though, it seems to have issues.The game is in early access so maybe these problems will be fixed. But if i were you, wait for the games full release. I would not say it is worth it in the current state. Lots of potential though.5/10"
76561198088808101,Not Recommended,270210,14798713,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Tweedlebean,"A beautiful game that most people seem to enjoy, but it just doesn't work for me.I love rhythm and music games, and this one seems to generate really good tracks to go with the music. But I cannot for the life of me hit half of the points. What works best is holding down the keys long before you actually get to them and that only works half of the time. I'm pretty good with rhythms, but most of the time the visuals are behind the song and you need to hit the keys in the time between both. I'm not sure if it's just my computer (though I haven't had an issue like this before) or what, but this poor girl just keeps falling down no matter what I try on the easiest setting."
,Not Recommended,270210,16483710,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kysgrinn / No GB/s for games,"It's like a usual music game with 4 (or 8) buttons to tap.Even if I do like the gameplay, it can really be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for your eyes (Yup,♥♥♥♥♥eyes guys !), and it'll become really fastly repetitive.That's unfortunate, I really discovered a new way of riding music with this game.And no, I won't be kind because Melody is sexy.4/10"
,Recommended,270210,17731417,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Steviemon,"This game is great! Really enjoyable, often challenging and a great excuse to listen through some of my albums again. It must be good, or I wouldn't have earned every achievement available to date (not so subtle brag there lol). I definitely recommend picking this one up."
,Recommended,270210,16773409,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Chubby Corgi,"This is the game that I have been waiting for my whole gaming career. An absolutely epic game, a true masterpiece. If you love music, you have to have this game, simple as that. And I know my reviews are normally much longer than this, but this game has left me literally speechless. I will never listen to music the same way again..."
,Recommended,270210,29552142,Posted: 28 January,all,TempoBack,Cool
,Recommended,270210,13635518,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lady Mint,"Intense and up is highly disorientating if you are not used to using both hands for a rhythm game, aside from that it is very fun to play"
,Not Recommended,270210,29365299,Posted: 19 January,all,Kel-moroy,"I can't play it because it has no support for other joysticks, which is a shame because the game looked good."
,Recommended,270210,29346752,Posted: 18 January,all,zomb | cs.money,This game is an awesome game great music its fun and addicting so buy it!!! im not that good but its still fun...lel
,Not Recommended,270210,14893932,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kasa,"Idk if I have no sense of rythm or the fact I'm R/G color blind OR the fact that my music library hates me, but this game is fricking HARD.It need some timing caliberations and a colorblind mode."
76561198055616279,Recommended,270210,23007781,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,lizzy,Loved it once I got the hang of it
,Recommended,270210,21076453,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Alessondria,"I'm not really into these types of games. I am not really good at timing with buttons either but I decided to try this one as it looked intresting and you use your own music tracks for the game.I tried this track on ""relaxing setting"" once I did a test track and figured out how to play.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK4h7hWdX4MAt one point Melody dove off a cliff and went into slow motion as the music hung. That gave me chills! Melody's Escape makes listening to my music sooo much better! I would recomend this to anyone who likes trance /dance/ eletro/ dubstep/ ect @ 120 bmpMy score is a wonderful 4/5EDIT: This works awesome with progressive volcal trance club edits"
,Recommended,270210,20736173,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,sg indy | gamekit.com,It's basically a reboot of Vib Ribbon but with Mettaton and skeletonsNow all we need is a Daft Punk skin and we're set
,Not Recommended,270210,19383196,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nikk,"This game is a very good and bad game it has pro's and con's the con's really affect the game a lot because the point of a game is to just jump into the game and play it very nice and easy but this game is you have to find the songs you want and it has no songs at all the modes are really hard when i play my song even on relaxed at also i didn't really know what to do at the start of the game with the bubbles thing i so i missed a lot there is not much other things you can do to this game the creative things are pretty neat that would be one of the pro's and another pro is that its effects and keys are really good, Great even i love this game but i bought it for $5 and its nowhere close to that price for the actual game it should be at least just like 1 dollar if not 2 because its really not worth more than 5 to be honest because of the pricing and all the con's i'm going to say no until they drop the price to 1 dollar if this game was 1 dollar it would be worth it.But! it is early acess but i would think a game would make music before putting it public.So its a ""No"" for now.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,270210,16821282,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ёGigglёs,"I Love This Game.I love how you can edit your own person, to your liking,I love how theres bright colors,I love how I can play my music and it match the game itself.8/8 I Love This Game."
,Recommended,270210,23990817,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Axeliira,"This game is like DDR for your fingertips. What I love about this game is that you can actually use the music you already have in your music library, and the game will automatically use the rhythm detected to create a challenge for yourself. This is a great game if you want customization and control of how you want to play this game."
76561198008498110,Recommended,270210,23127107,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Giles Number 1,Shpongle is NOT a marathon you want to run.
76561197974105367,Recommended,270210,23117020,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,METAL,"pretty fun casual game to listen to your music wile pressing the buttons to the beat. but not with all music the button mapping are aligning with the beat. had some moments were it did not react what i have pressed.never the less, a nice little game worth playing. you may be like me, sucking at it but at least i can hear my music wile i fail pressing the assigned buttons."
,Recommended,270210,23125229,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,DivineMoment,"Fun game, good syncing on most electronic songs. It also works with surprisingly many non-electronic songs as well. I would recommend trying out any song from Daft Punk's Discovery, the very all 'excellent' synced."
,Not Recommended,270210,9274823,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ShogunTaira,"I'll keep this review simple:Pros:- Excellent fluid animations- Timing algorithm seems to work like a charm in terms of the buttons syncing upCons:- The fast movement of the camera when the song gets more intense can distort the screen and make it hard to see incoming buttons- Difficulty ramps up a lot when you move from relaxing to normal. I assume this is because there is a random assortment of the WASD keys instead of a believable rythym like W-A-W-A.- The actual timing itself is a bit weird; the perfect rating is at the edge of the character's model, not the middle where I assumed it to be. This gets hard to control when the game moves much faster.- Having to hit a series of keys at X BPM for given amount of time can absolutely destroy your fingers. A 6 minute song will require about 3 minutes of relaxation to get your fingers ready for the next song.I like the concept but the fast camera and the difficulty in normal seems like it should be Intense. Other than these two points, I'd say this is game has potential."
76561198041039813,Not Recommended,270210,28541331,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Living Dead Punker,"Don't play this game if you have sensitive eyes, played for 10 minutes and now my eyes hurt like crazy.Love the concept of the game, but i just can't play it."
,Not Recommended,270210,15589847,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,=AJSA= Kransu,"THE GAME IS STILL IN EARLY ACCESS, SOME OF THESE MIGHT BE FIXED OR DIFFERENTPROS-Music sync is good or really bad depending on the genre-Character model looks amazing-Running is smooth-Steam workshop-Nice slow motion on ""drops""CONS-You have to disable all of the background scrolling to even play the game without puking-Motion blur?!-Focus should be on the right, but I seem to always watch the character/feet-You most likely want to zoom out more-Not steady 60fps-Running platform looks horrible-Looks too simple-Button inputs are not clear enoughI've always been a fan of flashy rhythm games like Beat Hazard and Audiosurf and I believed this could be another favorite rhythm game for me. The character and its visuals look really cool, but the motion blur and the background scrolling makes you want to literally puke.You cannot focus on the notes at all since everything comes at you with a blur. Games like Beat Hazard with huge flashy visuals doesn't do this to you, most likely because the screen doesn't move with a huge blurriness. I couldn't play the game more than 5 minutes with default settings so I had to alter the zoom to minimum with no background scrolling, which made the game a bit more bearable. The gameplay is very minimal and gets very repetitive after awhile (a common issue with these types of games), different modes and unlocks would be good. Custom settings for the course should be used.The game needs to get rid of the blur. Better input system and better looking ""platforms"".I recommend buying/playing the game when you get no more headaches after couple minutes or in a sale if you really want to try it out by yourself. I will keep my eye on the game and hopefully it will get better over time, for now I can't recommend this game.(Game was reviewed on Version 0.8.0.0)New update with minor changes, nothing that would change my opinion yet. The game has been out as an ""early access"" for quite a while, I'm hoping for bigger changes or just leave it to modders.(0.8.2.0)"
,Not Recommended,270210,23400523,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Black Dahlia,"Okay this game is not finishedCause the beat verdict is fxxkin axxhole.I just click button at the same time, but the decise is error. Wow so funny about it."
,Not Recommended,270210,9593472,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Akimbo g18s,"It shows a lot of potential but for my at its current state needs a lot more polish. Also it would be nice if there was an option to change the circle arrows to proper arrows and make the current arrows larger. One last thing it gave me eyesores, might be my video settings so yeah. If this game gets better in the future I may recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,270210,13937215,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Jubbins,if you hate games that make your eyes bleed then is isnt the game for you.  the colors are okay but the speed of the character is too fast to handle.  after playing just one song it made me wish i had advil. the concept is good just i wouldnt recommend it if you like games are hard on the eyes.
,Not Recommended,270210,29314008,Posted: 17 January,all,Patsonical,"I bought this on 66% sale, and had to return it. I mostly listen to House music and the audio recognition just does not work (at least for this music). I've tried playing ""Cloud 9"" by 7obu and Itro and ""Damn Son"" by 7obu, and the algorithm seems to just guess, and it guesses horribly wrongly for this type of music. I have not tried it with anyy other type of music, but this is the main kind of music I would like to play this game to. The visuals look really cool, I like the customisation aspect, but it just does not work for my genre of music. It isn't just this game though; I've tried the demos of both Audiosurf and Audiosurf 2 and they had the exact same problem."
,Not Recommended,270210,13130917,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Deviationer,This game would be great if the color combos wouldn't be so random. The color combos are too close together. It feels like I'm trying to play DDR with my fingers on the normal/medium setting. The easy setting with one color is just too easy.
,Recommended,270210,15277499,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Fumika,Great game..awesome!! now i have 3 Impossible game :v
,Not Recommended,270210,23374609,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,flame4839,"i love the premise and style of this game, but the timing has to be PERFECT or you will have made a mistake. while this doesnt sound like a problem, the amount of stuff on screen at any given moment makes it a problem."
76561198034316854,Not Recommended,270210,18397847,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,120 BPM,"I don't recommend this game and here is why :- You are not actually in ""sync"" with the music for most of the time, many notes are simply skipped which feels awkward.- Some of the animations like running and jumping are really clunky and look like the character is having severe back problems- Visual markers on the level get very blurry as you play which is very annoying, especially on higher difficulty levels. I cannot play this game for more than 15 minutes at a time, it just causes a headache. It's supposed to be better with higher refresh rate displays. Also the fact that the dark orb outlines were removed in one of the updates doesn't make things any better, now they re even more blurry.- bugs : game says you failed a move even though you timed it perfectly and the animation played, this happens quite often after respawning- the trailer on the store page is outdated, the in game orbs now look different and no longer have defined edges which is a problem, considering the blurrines of the screen. Flying was also removed and is unlikely to come back, according to the developer.For the reasons above - I don't recommend it. I bought this game hoping for a relaxing experience that plays well with the music and ironically - it does not. What's even the point if the game doesn't follow the rhythm correctly? If you re looking for a good music game get audiosurf."
76561198000457125,Recommended,270210,23153767,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Storn,Now I can listen Hitler speeches and have fun.
,Recommended,270210,22816242,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The Fufu,Great game to play all my My Little Pony songs :P
76561198096113146,Not Recommended,270210,12469227,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,just a theory,This is not a game that will keep you interested for hours at a time nor will it last long over all. if you have played for an hour you have basically seen everything there is to see. the mechanics are simple and the difficulty spike from relaxing to normal is large but after that it just gets dull. you can use any song you like but this just makes me want to listen to them normally or play audio surf. over all there’s nothing wrong with it there’s just not a lot there
,Not Recommended,270210,18351412,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bong Druid,"no, no, no more early acess, good try, but no more early acess"
,Recommended,270210,14998673,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,garthol,"EDIT: I originally wrote a review of this game when I first purchased and played it for a couple of hours, but now I have played it much more and can more properly state my opinion.TL;DR: This is a personal music-based runner game that really works. It's BIT.TRIP RUNNER without the pixel graphics and with your own music. It's procedurally generated and with a good amount of difficulties to keep replayability high.Despite being, as of the time I write this review, in Early Access, it does not feel at all unfinished or unpolished. It's incredibly smooth, beautiful, and well-designed. I have found no bugs or errors in all of my playtime.The only catch I really encountered that first set me away from this game was the difficulty. At the Medium difficulty, you must use a single set of controls to keep Melody away from danger and on the beat. However, on Intense difficulty, with which 2 achievements are associated, you must use two seperate control schemes (default WASD and arrow keys) for color orbs and obstacles respectively.Intense difficulty, at first, was far too difficult for me to even get 50% completion on a song, let alone the 100% required for the achievements. However, I struggled through and ""got gud"" enough to get these hard-earned feats.So clearly this is a difficult game for completionists such as myself, but it provides some very fun replayability that I don't see much in rhythm and music games anymore. Beat Hazard and Symphony never had me hooked like this game has, even through the ""100 songs played"" achievement."
,Recommended,270210,23229782,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Robert Boss,"Amazing Game! I really enjoy just zoning into the game while listening to the music, but I do wish there could be some support for spotify because that is where all my music is, but apart from that, amazing"
76561198029055622,Not Recommended,270210,21801949,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Midnight Chaser,Alright first off I'm gonna say that I can't recommend this with the interaction at all. Sure the game is good yes and I agree.But when you hit the buttons at the correct time and it doesn't do anything? I'm sorry I can't recommend the game unless the creators takes a look at it.
,Recommended,270210,29233784,Posted: 13 January,all,Hidden Trash Can,its ight
76561198119480633,Recommended,270210,15525623,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Nunya Bezwacks,"When I got this game I was mostly looking for a low....quality (I guess you could say) game because My computer is rather bad and I was looking for something to do while I waited to have one built. I noticed instantly that this game looks beautiful The colors are nice and clear,the particles are awsome,and the 4 stages for the music are for the most part unique. The most beautiful part is on medium or higher where the colors change rapidly and it looks realy coolI can't say anything about the music in game because it goes off what you have on your computer and I am not you. that is a really nice thing to see in this kind of game since in games like guitar hero I usually had to shift through all these song that I feel were garbage. Thanks to this game using the music I have bought I dont have to look for music I like (or hope there even are songs I like)... obviously all there is is music I like.There are a few problems I found farly annoying however,one was the flying section which was somewhat fixed in an update. Its use to be just so boring to look at since you just flew up and down, now its the same as the running but with rather cool ironman type boots that have jets in them which then then flies through over or under obstacles. the unfortunate thing about it is that I still feel this could have been done better i give them credit because they either listened to me,they listened to many people, or they themselves had realised the flying section was boring however turning it into a rework of the running sections except bearly off the ground does give the impact that the old section gave if they managed to make it a little more interesting (and possibly even if they didn't) and/or found a way to get the same feeling the old one gave the flying sections would be the best part. Honestly the old way wasn't terrible it was the way the map was made because of how the game sees the song.Which leads to another problem that effected me more then it might you is this game seems talor made for artists like Katy Parry because of how the game sees the tracks and the way it makes the level, I put a few songs of hers on my computer from the CD my sister bought and Roar was the funnest song I had played since I got the game. Alot of jogging and running sections evenly distributed and one flying section that lasted for about 30 seconds at the end when it ""Explodes"". Thats a problem for me because im not a big pop music fan. To the game those songs dont pass the...lets call it the ""breaking point"" until it gets to the chorus, however, for the bands I do like which are mostly between any kind of rock and metal, the game sees them as almost ALWAYS past that ""breaking point"" and puts almost exclusivly flying sections which makes them get boring in time because its litterally three animations (not that I blame them you try to make more with this games style still in tact).I do recommend this game if you dont listen mostly to bands like Linkin Park,Rise Against,Avenged Sevenfold etc. Even if you do,you may enjoy the flying sections more then me. Over all you should look into getting this game if you have the money to spare."
76561198010571085,Recommended,270210,23125406,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Maxihzb,Good game
,Recommended,270210,23126557,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hvidyo,its a really fun and hard rythm game in which you get to use your own music bautifully mapped...nuff said. get it.
,Recommended,270210,9270798,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,TCLF,more challanging then I expected
76561198014096843,Not Recommended,270210,23811205,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hippy Treehugger,"ok, so i did a stream for my youtube channel with out the video monetized to be under fair use, and this ♥♥♥♥ing developer with its copy right bull♥♥♥♥♥♥auto Monetized it. i all so used Ozzy's ""let me hear you scream"" to show off that you can use you own music, and their copy right bull♥♥♥♥♥♥muted the who ♥♥♥♥ing video. i couldn't even dispute any of the claims. so as a warrning to any one thinking of making a unmonetized video, for get it. play the game and enjoy it. but for the love of god, do not put it on youtube. so keep in mind of any copyright music.....i deleted the video"
,Not Recommended,270210,9369449,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Ren Hana,"The description is missleading, this game isn't even near finished, while the core aspects are there the button presses for almost all songs are off, even at a 80% quality where the beat is obvious it'll always be off at least a second or two."
76561198044699957,Not Recommended,270210,23153348,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Remove kebab?,"This game presents itself as ""decent"" and in many ways the game is good. However I feel this game isn't worth the money (Even if its cheap) for what seems to me a pretty terrible system of playing ""To the beat"" of your songs.I already want to start with a simple fact. You are buying a game that generates the levels for you. Thats all the work that they need to put into making this. The rest is you using songs other people have made and being pleased with the outcome that in my opinion masks how terrible this generator can be.The songs I used ranged a lot in quality and I played on all the difficulties to test whether or not the reason I felt the songs I was playing felt horrible was not based on how many notes they shoved in. I played Kanye, The 1975, Deadmau5 and countless others I can't be bothered to name. I feel like this game appeals to and pleases the people who mindlessly play in full belief that they are playing ""To the beat"" The truth is you are not most of the time. Sure if you want to just click away pretending you are playing ""To the beat"" because every so often you hear a beat as you click a note then be my guest. Many of the reviews are positive saying ""Feels good"" or the reviews are the usual joke reviews that actually offer no real information... I don't understand these people. All you have to do is actually pay attention to the song and you will notice that half the notes are just shoved in as filler and when the song has a part with a decent beat for some reason the generator ignores this and sends the character into a long note instead of several small ones ""To the beat"" This sytem of the level changing as the pace gets faster (or slower) is also pretty terrible. Several songs will go into full swing and the generator keeps my character in the same speed (yellow) The yellow speed is basically Melody (The character) at full running speed. This is a decent speed however when the song is at full swing with so much going on your adrenaline should be pumping for some reason the generator doesn't boost you into the pink speed in which Melody is flying at the fastest speed she can go. Every time this happened I would actually get angry because it feels so out of place and when I get angry at the game I start to loose focus and miss notes. Something to add is several times while at full speed the song might quickly drop to a slow speed for no more than 1-2 seconds I mean this in the sense that the creator of the song may have a quick drop in speed as part of the song or in something like Kanye when he takes a breath mid way through a verse. The generator sadly ruins the whole pace and suddenely my character is walking along at the slowest speed for literally 2 seconds then boosts to full again. It feels so horrible and looks terrible.The difficulties are another issue. I don't think they are ""Hard"" instead the harder you go on the list the more notes they shove in your face. Not to mention when I played the highest difficulty the notes where still out of place. They placed more notes but most of them were still not ""To the beat"" You might think me quoting ""To the beat"" is getting repetative? Well that's because this game strives of it being a rythm game. If your main selling point is playing ""To the beat"" then I'd hope that I didn't sit there getting mad everytime the song just does not work. Some songs work well, the best song I played so far was ""Endless fantasy"" by Anamanaguchi. The song picked up in the right areas and I noticed a lot of notes hitting in time. However when I put this song into the highest difficulty it was terrible again. Parts of the song where one single note was in the song the game decides because this is the highest difficulty it will shove several notes one after another at different colours etc etc. That isn't good or even decent in my eyes. It's pointless.......Basically buy this game in a sale and you can play it if have nothing else to play or maybe your internet is down and you are unable to log into Counter strike or some other game that needs internet. This game is good if you are happy with feeling like you are playing ""To the beat"" until you really take notice. Maybe I am just too picky but if a game is going to make me pay to use songs others made with the promise it will feel fluent and good then I am going to be very picky about this. I paid £3.99 for this and at the moment I have played less then 2 hours and don't intend to play much more unless I really am scraping the bottom of the barrel for something to do."
,Not Recommended,270210,9394046,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,gorlak.darkcast,"Good idea but might give some headaches and eye strain. Its like a fast paced Mario runner with your own sound track. If it was more like guitar hero where you could see the buttons a bit more instead of flat then that might have helped. As is I couldnt recommend.--Edit Developer was kind enough to explain some things, and while the adustments to the settings did make the game playable and the eye strain is gone. Its alright and developer did a good job. I still can't recommend this game perhaps because audiosurf genre put a very high bar to meet. But developer was quick to answer, and has put alot of effort into this game.Thanks Loic! keep up the good work."
76561198168412248,Not Recommended,270210,23135860,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jessabella,It was fun at first but after a while you just get bored because it's so predictable.It's like driving behind a grandma on a Sunday.
,Not Recommended,270210,23125796,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,MoosterFish,Wouldn't load over half of my 50GB of ripped FLACs and MP3s that I ripped from CDs years ago. The songs that did load had syncronization issues where the beat the game tried to get me to follow did not match any beats in the songs.The blurry graphics also made my eyes hurt and I felt like I was going blind and now I have a headache after just 10 minutes of gameplay.
,Not Recommended,270210,23129667,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,FelliniBaka,"If u want to play some ""music synchronize press the buttons game"" u should better prefer Audiosurf or OSU!.This game has very bad music analyzer, so you will not feel the rhythm and won't have logical sequence of buttons to press."
76561198044599873,Not Recommended,270210,9296685,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Epsilon246,"The timing needed here is odd and far too unforgiving, and I'm playing on ""relaxing"", the game has a nasty tendency to go way too fast at times as well. This really needs more difficulty settings and a wider window of error."
,Not Recommended,270210,9896092,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Vinegaroon,"I have a number of problems with with this game. Here are just a few:First: The audio detection is nowhere near as clear as the trailer shows. It seems to be random for all I can tell (I played a  fairly slow song, but the notes were coming a mile a minute!)Second: The timing is extremely exact to the point where can't keep up (I was playing on the second easiest difficulty).Third: For what you get, the gameplay gets old fast, and customizing your apperance is boring and a poor draw."
,Recommended,270210,18507612,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Blü,"this game is great.Osu! was the only rythm game I've played before this and it felt hard at first, but I got used to the speed pretty quickly and it's easily one of my favorite game to pick up and play from time to time.for instance, I'll just play 4/5 musics and then I'll try to find a ""standard"" song (AKA not a video or random noises) the level generator can't process properly, which I have yet to find.why? because the level generator is really well done.how does this game keep nailing the BPM of my musics perfectly?!?I've played 32 maps as I'm writting this and it nailed it everytime! how can I break something flawless? :(however, this all of that, there's one thing that annoys me right now...it's the lack of a level editor.as I've said, the level generator does a great job on it's own but nothing beats a well made user level, and because this game only has a few different mechanics, the level editor wouldn't be cluttered with tons of menus and options, which would make it really easy to get ahold of.and I feel like the main reason why there's no sign of one is the fact that you wouldn't be able to use the workshop with it (because of copyrighted musics), but a thread could be made in the steam forums for it to go around this issueother than that, this game is definitely worth it for people who like rythm games or reaction based games and music.Final Rating: 8/10P.S:if you want some cool levels: try the woods by wolgun and nightdrive by trans A.M.(both on bandcamp, and the woods is free)"
76561198079573739,Not Recommended,270210,31391848,Posted: 27 April,all,Kathrine,"Ah man, I don't really know what to say. And I think it's sad that Steam only had the ""Black and White"" rating system for reviews.The game itself is nice in terms of the visual style and the music that comes with it (really a fan of those tracks!) but the other things don't impress me so much.The rythm seems to be off at times and does not seem to fit some songs (this is not the case with the songs that come with the game, just with other songs) and the faster the game gets, the blurrier it seems to become (or I just have bad eyes, who knows).The game does not work with a PS4 gamepad, no matter what I do and I personally don't like the keyboard controls, but it's alright not horrible.In conclusion: Melody's Escape is a solid game in itself but it's not worth the money, as you can get better Rythm Games for free (I recommend ""Cytus"" or ""Deemo"" for Android and iOS, it is in itself free, but if you want the ""Full Expericence"" you have to pay a little bit). The only thing that is really good about this game is that the artstyle looks nicely futuristic with the black and white plus neon colours and the music is really nice and good to listen to but that's about it.Sorry, for my ramble. Needed this to get it off my chest."
,Recommended,270210,21919389,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,D YellowMadness,The only major flaw for me with this game WAS that the color pallet was confusing because I have trouble distinguishing certain colors but I downloaded a mod for that from the workshop so now I can't think of any major flaws. About the worst thing I can say is that the gap between the last 2 difficulties is incredibly excessive so you might eventually reach a point where the next to last difficulty becomes too easy for you while the last is too hard/unfair for you but I played the game for almost 150 obsessive hours before I ran into that problem so I can't be very upset about it.
,Not Recommended,270210,27824986,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rip ms Paint,"Sorry, not worth the money"
,Recommended,270210,23139243,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ruby (ルビー),good game
,Not Recommended,270210,21412761,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,GunDamAge,关于音乐类游戏，视力不错的推荐Beat Hazard，喜欢搓键的有DJMAX，看中节奏感的可以去试试太鼓达人，妹控左转歌姬计划。OSU和audiosurf玩的不多不做评价。至于Melody's Escape，作为一个半成品目前我个人仍然不推荐购买，缺点如下：就算没有音乐的时候也会莫名其妙的出节拍[*这游戏分析节奏的能力还是拙计，Deadmau5不谈了，就连X3 BGM Kingdom's End都各种找不到调。唯一整体好一点的还是MH系列的BGM[spoiler]毕竟简单[/spoiler]慢镜头的存在就是故意不让你好好刷max combo的摇滚和金属乐玩起来完全没感觉，流行歌倒是一个比一个考反应（比如John Cougar John Deere John 3:15）按键预判偶尔会出问题，这个最要命说回来毕竟是个Early Access，等正式版有改观了再重新评价。如果正式版也这尿性的话我推荐的购买时机是开了HH的IG包
,Recommended,270210,14069515,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Rinkatink,Made me fail collage 11/10
,Not Recommended,270210,11350322,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,AmusableBman,"Don't think about getting this game if your computer is sub-par.The framerate fluctuates horribly between 120 and sub-30 fps, things get really choppy at high speeds, and this combines with the utter and absolute lack of graphics options to make a game that feels choppy and sluggish at high speeds, which is half of the gameNeeds much more optimization work done. It's a freaking rhythm game, not Crysis."
,Not Recommended,270210,15692084,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ben,"FOREWORD: I ACTUALLY REALLY ENJOY THIS GAME, BUT THERE ARE TWO NAGGING FLAWS I CAN'T GET PAST AT THE MOMENTFlaw the first: Dev, dude, fix the motion blur. It's making me feel sick. Seriously, it's not my monitor so stop trying to say it's down to an LCD/LED/whatever it is. None of us get this on any other games, it's the game, not us. Do something about it.Flaw the second: The music analysis isn't *great* - Don't get me wrong, it's pretty good, but it's nowhere near on par with Audiosurf's - The track doesn't get any harder in more chaotic parts of songs, and it doesn't always sync up brilliantly.Early access, so I'm sure both of these will be fixed, but for now I just can't recommend it as much as I enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,270210,15604483,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,"Dawnbather, Cum Wizard","this is the worst game ive ever payed money for. just plain awful, honestly. maybe im just SO BAD that when i press the appropriate directional key my overwhelming lack of skill at this game negates the keyboard input so that melody just falls flat on her face but i dont think thats really the problem here. i think i might start to enjoy this game if the controls worked or if it wasnt such♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy this game"
76561198047862672,Not Recommended,270210,17762079,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,This game made me turn to the dark side.
,Not Recommended,270210,9827690,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,mikegemme5404,"I Would certianly not recommend this game, while i understand it is early access ,i quote ""Melody's Escape is almost feature-complete and is in a very stable state."" but i find it unplayable even after the handful of updates made to the game the difficulty is still too steep and its very hard to correctly time the buttons. sadly i believe i will be deleting this one."
,Not Recommended,270210,9311836,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,-CTD- Ferkah'han,"Not as easy as it looks.Not as relaxing as it looks.Even on the 'relaxing' setting, with some of my slowest songs, it still moves incredibly fast and is VERY unforgiving.More infuriating than relaxing - Don't buy this. Get Audiosurf instead."
76561198106426030,Not Recommended,270210,29825626,Posted: 10 February,all,ForemostCrab7,"It got some good songs already in it, and its nice that you get to add in your own songs and all, But where this game fails misserbly is that you're suppose to hit the keys Slightly before Melody gets to it, if you try to hit them spot on when her body is on it, it will count as a fail and it will constantly throw you off and fk up your chain, also the lines that comes after some of the arrows that indicates when to and not to hold down the key, is constantly throwing you off, when it tells you to press Left and hold down, your brain will register it as press Right because of that line, had it been those bumps that isnt at any obstacles it would've been fine it would've been easy to tell and not getting confused, but it is constantly throwing your eyes off in that♥♥♥♥♥♥ some might argue ""that's why they got the colors idiot!"" well colors be damned when your brain registers the line as the arrows, it could be the lights from a rainbow rave party for all i care it would still throw you off because of it, anyone who has played Guitar Hero or any of their other games would instantly be thrown off by it, sometimes spot on is allowed, but the majority of it it makes you fail, and instead of saying Too Early it says ERROR, and yet for some reason it still says Too Late, which is just weird."
,Recommended,270210,14001195,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,Like a collection of dragon ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,270210,24016792,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Moon music,good game!
,Recommended,270210,20419344,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Vidservent,Just giving a thumbs up.I'm no master at rhythm games as much as I like them and can barely press any key on time on relaxing mode when I started but it's always fun to run on the rhythm of YOUR songs XD
76561198088381842,Not Recommended,270210,29388783,Posted: 20 January,all,higglyjuff,"Booooooring. There's no threat of losing, the score isn't satisfying as the combo multiplier only goes up to 3, the gameplay is simple, and rather slow, and I seriously couldn't imagine even trying to get good at this. It has appealing visuals, and the way the game picks up on the beat timing for your songs is a nice addition, but there are far better music related games out there. For example: Osu!. Seriously, if you want somethin with more depth, a more satisfying scoring system, an easy way to compare yourself to the rest of the world, and a high skill ceiling, with no cost, Osu! is the choice to make. Melody's Escape is more for chilling out to put yourself to sleep. I'd give it a 3.5/10"
76561198043220284,Not Recommended,270210,9287783,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Celine Dion Voice of a Nation,"In this game you play as a hipster chick instead of as a middle-aged female power ballad singer. A risky design decision to say the least.You have the option of listening to any Celine Dion song you want from any of her many albums, so long as you already purchased the albums. If you don't have them on your hard drive yet, though, you will first have to spend several hundred dollars to buy all the Celine Dion albums.  I highly recommend running to  ""I Drove all Night"" if you really want to get a feel for the way the game is meant to be played.It is one of those rare gems of a game that allows you to keep feeling like you are playing long after you quit for the night. The massive migrane and pain from the eye strain you get from tracking blurry orbs back and forth can last for hours. The background is also blurry, which helps amplify the effect and make sure you are always starring at blurred images or bright, neon colors - a great combination for eye strain."
,Not Recommended,270210,20994884,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MotS,This desperately needs a Playstation colour scheme. Maybe the dev should play some Project Diva to see how it's done.
,Not Recommended,270210,9321805,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Rave_AndDive,"u know what? first look i really love this game, but when i played , it's make me feel dizzy because of the visual mostly when tempo of the music increase, maybe this game not suitable for a person who has epylepsi"
76561198053552710,Recommended,270210,23133154,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,A better audiosurf !
76561198151330276,Not Recommended,270210,13570776,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jareth,"i loved the game but it is too hard.It really ♥♥♥♥ed up my eyes and it feels like game is made for those asian people who play osu and other games like this to fully enjoy. Some music i love is too fast and then impossible to play on normal difficulty. So imo game needs to be adjusted for people with eye  problems, keys are too sensetive, and it needs some polish. Sooo if you are not asian or no-lifer,,,or you don't have best reflexes, this game is not worth destroying your eyes.i am amazed i have even wtitten this after 15 minutes of playing this."
,Not Recommended,270210,22056697,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Soul,"This Game Really Sucked For 2 Reasons- The Game Can Make You Have Issues With You're Eyes- (Opinion) For Some Of The Songs I Used The Game It Self Couldn't Use  The Correct Pace Of The Song, Whereas Games Like Audiosurf Use The Pace Of The Song To Its Maximum.Yes I Know This Game Is In Early Access But There Are MANY Improvments That Should Be Made To This Game.Good Day."
,Not Recommended,270210,12745125,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kenny,well it's great game to pass the timebut it's boring after a few hoursand it's not worth 10$
,Not Recommended,270210,31361173,Posted: 25 April,all,WTBHTL?,"Rythm is off. (16 year classically trained violinist) The pattern is random, the visuals are so blurry it'll almost make your eyes bleed. Claims to be ""fun and relaxing"" but ""relaxing mode"" is one button so you feel more like a loser and less like someone flying to music. Big idea, big promises. Actual gameplay leaves much to be desired."
76561198062525824,Recommended,270210,9275787,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,empty.psychosis,"I am changing my past review to reflect the current updates. Prior to the 3 Mar 14 update I had a MASSIVE problem with arrows ghosting causing me to get very motion sick and throw up. I am please to see that there is a HUGE change in this version for me. There is still some mild ghosting, but no where near the level I had. The game is now playable for me, It just needs a little more tweaking to remove the ghosting. Then it will be a perfect game for me.The settings I used to fix the issue where to disable background motion, and set the zoom to .75"
76561198195339741,Not Recommended,270210,30823070,Posted: 29 March,all,titsnicker,"""Alright hold this note while you fall, by the way there's another note at the bottom you'll have to hit before you can even see what it is because ♥♥♥♥ you, this isn't really a rhythm game anyway AHAHAHAHA."""
76561198070123902,Not Recommended,270210,9295667,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Fitne Por,"My only problem is that this game is too unforgiving, but I'd like to see where this is going..."
76561198065433586,Not Recommended,270210,29312214,Posted: 17 January,all,TheRealNorr,"Thid game is good, and there is very very few of its kind, you could compare this to the flash game SCGMD4 but with much less content and a price tag, and the major problem and WHY i refunded the game is that it has 6 songs, and thata it! but you can play songs on youre computer ad well, which is inconsistent, what i cant understand is why we cant use songs from spotify,soundcloud or even youtube.Id say this, if you have alot of songs on youre computer and have played scgmd4, then buy this game, if not then dont bother since you will get 20 minutes of content.""Quality and Quantity over Infinite Quantity and♥♥♥♥♥♥quality."""
,Not Recommended,270210,23148427,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,seer,Buy Audiosurf instead
,Not Recommended,270210,32710188,Posted: 23 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,Hopefully melody can escape from this terrible game
,Not Recommended,270210,27655350,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,M⌬rtius,"The game gives me really bad motion sickness, to the point where I get headaches after just 5-10 minutes.I'd write a positive review but unfortunatly I just can't as I obviously cannot recommend a game that can make people feel sick, that's not an enjoyable experience. Sorry devs, really love your work and the soundtrack is spot on. :("
76561198094803808,Not Recommended,270210,29348801,Posted: 18 January,all,VahidSlayerOfAll,waited to play the game and now i cant refund it :(try OSU-freeaudiosurforsymphony
76561198085558453,Not Recommended,270210,9276430,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Grey Gh0ul XIII,"I don't know why i had high hopes for this game but i was totally let down. Now, mind me, i only played a few minutes but i've experienced irresponsive controls. Other than that, it's a nice looking game but it's not worth $9.99. It's early access so i can't really complain."
,Not Recommended,270210,9274102,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,OztinCloud,"Very fun, but not worth $9 yet. a more fair price would be the 2 - 5 range. its a quick-fix game. Hopefully they will fix some of the all to common bugs too and maybe it will be a definite thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,270210,30986132,Posted: 6 April,all,DuckJuzz,"Terrible game.Its art style is very girly, it doesn't suit any type of music except dubstep, which is the sh.ittiest type of music out there, it's not even music it's just just noise, there are no male characters...f-uck you feminists imma go all male-ist on you now, c-unts.Hit detection feels absolutely horrible, you don't know if you're too early or too late...terrible.The bundled music is trashits full price is ridiculous, I paid a small price for this and I feel ripped off...completely.There are many great music games on steam, I do own a few like Riff Racer, AudioSurf and they're both great...this one is terrible...seriously do not buy this game unless you're a depressed young tumblr girl who loves dubstep and does the ""xdd :3 rawr"" type sh.it.1/10. Terrible."
,Not Recommended,270210,23124766,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Konkey Dong,how do i refund
,Not Recommended,270210,9275100,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Takashi,"Started game. played one song. bored.If I had to describe the game, its pretty much a QTE with the arrow keys, with your music in the background. THe main focus of the game was to have a set of obsitcals to dodge and where they were placed was whatever song you picked in your folders. But... theres no point."
,Not Recommended,270210,12454444,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,CaptButtbeard,"Well, I'd rather play Audiosurf or Beat Hazard."
76561198060240291,Not Recommended,270210,9272960,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,blooman6203,"the feel for this game is horrid. waste of my money. dont buy, especially if your music has more than one beat per minute. terrible game."
,Not Recommended,270210,23163138,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
76561198038268562,Recommended,270210,30392353,Posted: 8 March,all,Terminated,"Absolutely love the gameThe graphic's beautiful. Gameplay is enjoyable. The rythm and pacing is almost always spot on.And I really like how the game's music player engine seems to makes my musics sound even better.All in all. It's my new favourite way to enjoy music.P.S. I noticed that if the music analyzer says ""rhythm analysis confidence level : excellent"", the timing for the game will be very easy to follow using your ears rather than your eyes. But if the rhythm analysis is at ""acceptable"" or ""no stable rhythm"", You're gonna need to watch for it."
76561198006354619,Recommended,270210,10499302,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Noraedori,"Melody's Escape is a fairly straigthforward game. It may not be for everyone, but anyone who enjoy music has a potential to like this game.One of the main aspect that drew me to this game was the ability to chose any songs that I wanted. The obstables may not always follow the rythm however, but I've seen great improvements since the time I purchased it. The flying was completely re-done and things keep being worked on and improved.Graphics are nice and not too distracting. However, the motion blur can become a little annoying when playing while tired. Skins can also be changed and uploaded to the community workshop, which is a nice touch.The difficulty can be changed at will and completely customized. It can be relaxing or pretty challenging. Even someone with bad timing like me can enjoy the game. Though, since it's on computer, sometimes lag spikes can occur and mess up a perfect combo.On a side note, playing with a controller may help make the game easier and more enjoyable."
76561198038469318,Recommended,270210,9375505,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,blitzwing,"either i plain suck, my musis too intense, or this game is very hard. 10/10 i kept dying to german rock"
,Recommended,270210,9379375,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Classic Apoosh,"Absolutely love this game! It helps me relax and unwind, unlike the insane difficulty where my brain can't comprehend the constant changes... and I rage a little bit... still a great game!5/5 stars!"
,Recommended,270210,9386539,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,siobhan,"Melody's Escape a rhythm based game that is fun and beautiful.Pros:-Beautiful aesthetics-3 difficulties for beginners, average and professional players-Simple controls-Colour coded obstacles to make it easier to detect-Use your own library of music-Mod supportThe developer is also open to feedback and suggestions on how to improve the game.Cons:-Some music may not sync well-Can cause motion sickness to some players-Can be an eye strainMake sure you have a wide variety of music incase some music does sync well.Also make sure you take breaks inbetween if you're affected by motion sickness or get eye strains.I highly recommend this game to all people that enjoy rhythm games."
76561198082241152,Recommended,270210,9388034,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Golden Sheep,love this game even if i can't get the movement at the right time. 10/10
,Recommended,270210,9398494,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,reputation,Even in this early stage it is probably the best music/rhythm game I have ever played.
,Recommended,270210,9398663,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Yung Dio,Unresponsive for the most part in terms of what key to press.Graphics were very pleasing and an overall nice game.Hopefully better when finished.
76561198042570599,Recommended,270210,9412413,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,RiceCube,"Pretty good game. It works surprisingly well and I had a lot of fun experimenting with different songs. Worth a look, especially if you have some interesting music in your playlist."
,Recommended,270210,9443766,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,🎮 CE 🎵,I played my first song and it instantly made me smile. I love the fact its so beautifuly made the motions right.It actualy works with the melody of your music and each part fits.I would give this game a 10/10 and its only in Early Access (Probably the first Early Access Game that I actually enjoyed)
,Recommended,270210,9449260,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,CARL,"FUN to play, listen to your own beats while trying to perfect scores, bit like audiosurf or guitar hero only keyboard style :D"
76561198052581227,Recommended,270210,10122565,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,the_djoker,"Nice, relaxing game to keep you occupied while listening to your favorite songs. Perfect for anyone who has a little free time between activities and doesn't want to get absorbed into a game. Quick, easy, relaxing."
76561198064527406,Recommended,270210,10154705,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TeeLight,"This game is fun. It's simple, and lovely to just pick up and play. It's as difficult or as easy as you might want it to be. The game can be extra difficult if you're like me and want to play things like Jazz. The game is pretty clearly built for consistent beats like from techno, house music, or dubstep. It's plenty fun with other genres though (my personal favorite song to try is Amanda Palmer's Ukulele Anthem). It's tough to play this game longer than 10 minutes at a time, but I'm pretty sure that's right around where the play time is supposed to sit. If you used to play a lot of Frequency or Amplitude this is right up your alley."
,Recommended,270210,10265729,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Alextooth,Absolutely amazing!!! A must buy10 for 10 on gameplayamazing visualsLOVE IT!
76561198011672471,Recommended,270210,9288165,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Predator,"I was surprised how good this game was. I got it after reading all those positive reviews. While there are a few things that seem to be a little broken (like the fact when you are on a slow intro and Melody is running at a break-neck speed), it still manages to be enjoyable. Couple that with the fact that this game isn't finished being developed, you got a fun rhythm game with a lot of promise. The only thing I can think of right now that would make it better is making it so you can choose how the level is generated by the music analysis (like choosing intensity level over tempo when creating the levels).7/10"
76561198090523626,Recommended,270210,10385608,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DragonslayerJSA,Great game. It is awesome how you can pick your own music to run to
76561198038071858,Recommended,270210,10428741,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Pikachu,if you love rhythm games than you should definately check this one out!
,Recommended,270210,10477027,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Andrew rt,"this one of my Steam favorites, but the controls are a bit hard for me. I think is awesome that I get to play my music while the game."
,Recommended,270210,10167529,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/LoliVape,"Worth every Penny, I play it when i just want to listen to some music and chill back, its synces with music on your computer and creates a course based on the bpm. Highly Recommend"
,Recommended,270210,10171352,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Nomadic,This game is good.
,Recommended,270210,10178792,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,VERY snabb saab,I went fast10/10
,Recommended,270210,9279813,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MrMizer,"It gets a bit tricky and sometimes a bit hard on your eyes but damn its definately an experience, very fun game."
,Recommended,270210,9281414,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Brad the Hand,"FANTASTIC, I bought the game based off of the trailer and i was not disappointed. Even though this game is still early access, it's pretty much solid with no bugs i've encountered. Beautiful character, beautiful gameplay and amazing difficulty.Buy this game if you're a fan of the Rhythm genre."
,Recommended,270210,9282188,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Applelight,"A fun rythm game. Once you choose a song to play, the game lets you know how good of a job it's done in converting the song into a stage. If a song scores a 70% or above, it will be really fun to play and you'll totally get the sense of rhythm that the game is going for. At 40-50%, it'll still be fun to play. But if a song receives a score of 30% or below, then it will feel chaotic and messy to play.At its best, Melody's Escape feels a lot more rhythmic than Audiosurf does. But it does have some drawbacks. The visual cues are confusing at first because they're based on the Xbox controller's button layout (a yellow symbol means press your ""up"" button, for instance, while a green symbol means press ""down""), and I was using a PS3 controller so it didn't really connect with me. There aren't many options in the game yet, and hopefully they will offer more color palettes as the game is developed. The ""rosy"" color palette, I noticed, was far too fuzzy-looking and it hurt my eyes to play.Ultimately though, it's a fun rhythm game with a cute graphical style."
76561198037361321,Recommended,270210,9283255,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,g-mecha,"don't let the early access fool you, this is a near finished gameas you might guess from the pictures it's like a combination between audiosurf and bit trip runnerthis game is very fun to play and appealing to the eye (but be sure to take a break to avoid eye strain)the controls feels accarate and it has the right combination between gameplay and rythimthere are almost nobloading times so you can easlly pick a song and play itthis is a good game for everybody who likes to listing to music and play rythim gamesso play your favorite song and got going"
76561198045116840,Recommended,270210,9283613,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mangaka Wolf,"I am going to be honest here, I really suck at this game. This is the first time playing like this, only thing close to it being guitar hero, but besides the fact I suck at it and it being my first time I love this game. It takes a while to get use to it and if your like me and have not played this game before then you will propably mess up a lot during the first play. This though has barely anything to do with gameplay, in fact in guitar hero you would usually start out on easy and play slow moving songs to get started. But not in this game, if your playing this game I highly recommend still using a lower difficulty but play a fast pass song though with high tempo. The reason being the more you play faster songs the more you're eyes will get used to it and you'll start to get into the rythem of the butten inputs. The only thing I would complain about is that the hit detection is a bit weird where it suddenly changes during the faster tempo's, my suggestion to the creators would be maybe use a auro like sphere around melody when the tempo changes. But that is still my only complaint, other than that this is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,270210,9284416,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,VoX` Liberation,"its a bit difficult at first, but as soon as you find your music that you love and you learn the controls, you will be able to interact with the game a lot better. It takes the music you love to a whole new level, and in my opinion, makes you feel so in touch with the game, and your music."
,Recommended,270210,9284440,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Things I don't need,"If you enjoyed Audio Surf then you will most certainly enjoy this. It's simple, addictive, and really worth it. Buy now or I'll send the walrus after you."
76561198043993563,Recommended,270210,9284930,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ultralisk,"Absolute amazing, totally worth it even in it's current state. After playing so many other early access craps that charge people $50+, this is an absolute amazing experience, It's not easy at all by all means. Btw, i own almost every popular game that's playable on pc, from blizzard series, cod series, darksiders, dota, poe, you name it, there's 80% chance that i have it. Sometimes it's really nice to have a relaxing, quick, simple game on your pc that you can actually enjoy without worrying about purchasing cards, compete with hackers... etc. Just some personal opnions, hope it helps."
76561198044461505,Recommended,270210,9285315,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ledgendt,"This game has a VERY high difficulty jump from easy mode to normal mode, and I don't even want to THINK about hard mode. I've ""mastered"" Dance Dance Revolution (Can play 97% of all songs on hardest difficulty) and 'normal' in this game is beyond my grasp.That being said, this game is VERY well developed and rendered. The conversion of songs to levels is better than most ""Play your own music"" rhythm games I've played, and the visuals are delicious!Recommendations for Development Team:Define off-beat and on-beat notes seperately, to make it more a reaction-rhythm than a music-based guessing game.You're likely working on something like this, but a level editor would be sublime.Lastly, I reccomend working out some color patterns when generating a level of normal difficulty and above. It will allow people to immerse themselves in the flow of the game while still giving them the musical challenge they want, as opposed to random button-pressing. I've noticed some patterns already, but they're few and far between from what I've seen.Overall: 6/10 simply for the difficulty jump from easy to normal. Easy is so easy it's boring after 10 songs, and normal is so much more difficult that there's no acceptable challenge for everybody. You either can do it or can't."
,Recommended,270210,9285609,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,♥RedDove♥ (IlymtA),"First off its a amazing buy it, its Pretty, Simple, Fun, and my grandmas toaster can run this"
,Recommended,270210,9286245,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Urufukatta,"This game makes listening to music (which is my favourite hobby) even more so, I just start playing and I just can't stop. When you get in tune or match the song it makes you feel sort of like your flying, it makes me feel happy and especially near the end when the score just says I did amazingly, as a music collector I have tons of music to try on it, but I do not recommend using Nightcore music as a beginner, especially not on Insane difficulty because normal is the best to start at and insane difficulty is as overwhelming as playing your first sonic game of the newer (supersonic speed) generation. I'd give this game a good 10/10 overall due to its enjoyability and variation on the approach as it differs from most games in that respect."
,Recommended,270210,9287637,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,897,Simple idea and masterpiece perfomance.
,Recommended,270210,9288137,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Konachibi,"Where to start with this one?Seeing it on the Steam Greenlight I was immediately interested.  It had a nice visual style, and from what the gameplay appeared to be from screenshots and videos it was like a modern take on the game Vib-Ribbon from back in the ps1 era, so seeing it get greenlight and actually put onto Steam was really good.So gameplay, it's a unique feel, you only really need 4 keys for 2 of the difficulties, your direction keys, and you press them as they appear on the screen to follow the path and build chains, similar to other rhythm games like Hatsune Miku's Project Diva series.  Where this differs is how the entire game operates using your own music library.  you can put literally any track you have into this and it'll compile a track for you that follows the tune's beat, rythm and lyrics pretty much spot-on at all times.  It's quite addictive and the visual effects will have you staring wide-eyed as your fingers fumble trying to keep up with some of the speedier tracks.One thing I will say is I certainly wasn't prepared for the intensity of many of the brony dubsteps out there, and guitar solos can really screw up your chain combos, and most anime themes are so fast you barely get time to react, so best advice is to start with something nice and slow till you get used to it, 'cos dubstep and rock will have you smashing your keyboard trying to hit the right buttons at the right moment, and anime music will kick your♥♥♥♥♥Highly recommended! :D"
76561198031360417,Recommended,270210,9288927,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,merlin.mdnguyen,"Wow. Picked this game up on a whim and no regrets. The concept is simple, you pick a song and similar to games like Guitar Hero or Rock Band you have to press the correct button when it comes up. The faster the song the faster Melody moves and the less time you have to think about which button to press. Very simple concept and easy controls. The game uses your existing media library, so you can play to any song you have. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,270210,9289765,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Rek,"Like Audiosurf, Melody's Escape uses music to create an obstacle course made from certain aspects of the music that you choose. Usually it generates the obstacle course via Tempo or Energy Peaks.The Art-style of this game is simple but beautiful, using a very small colour palette.The obstacle course and the colours help to make you feel the energy in your song.Overall, this game is very enjoyable, provided that you have a decent music library."
76561198104120145,Recommended,270210,9290820,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,jd5team,"A really interesting game/concept. It seems to accept every type of music file, it also accepts video files but it only uses the audio. It can be really fun, it depends on the file you use, as some more fast paced songs will be freakishly hard and some slower songs may seem really boring. It does have a difficulty system as well as an auto play feature that is seen in the trailer. As I am a person who appreciates music and has musical ability I find this game to be outstanding. It gives a new way to appreciate music without really taking away from the musical experience when other similar games might."
76561198072106109,Recommended,270210,9291475,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,One Fish,Its like Limbo had a baby with Mirrors Edge and Guitar Hero raised it! This is my game of the year! I totally recomend it. 9/10
,Recommended,270210,9291591,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Axeia,"Quite an amusing game, I think it could do with some more different modes however. 'Relaxing' is a good way to get started but the gap between 'Relaxing' and 'Normal' is huge. I find relaxing to be quite the challenge already, a mode (maybe 'Taking it easy') positioned between normal and relaxing would be greatly appreciated.This is still on early access though so I hope this will be added before the game is finalised.Tip for those that aren't doing to well, set it to windowed and have the window relatively small. Full screen on my 27"" 2560x1440 monitor makes the game look really really fast and I can't keep up with it at all."
,Recommended,270210,9291937,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Shank,"Melody's Escape is an amazing rhythm game with some of the best course generation procedures I've ever seen. While the current version is extremely difficult, even on slower songs, the game still maintains a very relaxing attitude. Even though things get extremely fast paced, and I find myself making many mistakes, I just can't get frustrated. I highly recommend this game to be purchased and the developer supported."
,Recommended,270210,9292463,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Pink Kryptonite,"This is a very creative version of the music runner. The only complaint I have is the graphics actually have a bit of a blur, that you can't adjust and it's infront of Melody. So, unless your eyes are focused on her and you have enough intuition to predict the colors to hit and when to hit them you're going to get dizzy and possibly motion sick. I'm not someone who has a weak stomach nor do I get dizzy on occasion but after 50 minutes of playing this one, my left eye has developed a twitch and I can actually feel the strain in my eyes. Very creative game, but I'm not so sure the blur is nessasary. I'm sure it was out of an attempt to make the game more difficult, but all it did for me in the end is give me a headache. 3 out of 5 stars.Check out my playthrough at:http://youtu.be/PxnkNYv_NpABe sure to Like, Comment, and Subscribe!"
,Recommended,270210,9589609,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Zachiri the Blaq,"Very simple but extremely mesmerizing of course that's all up to the music you choose to play. Don't get me wrong I love Symphony, Audiosurf and Beat Hazard but I feel like Melody's Escape adds something new that was missing from the previous equation. Easy to learn hard to master. I spent a very small time with Melody's Escape but feel I'll have some time well wasted on it in the coming weeks."
,Recommended,270210,9370136,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,UndertakersUrn,"This game takes a lot of practice & the timing is important to getting good scores. This game gets better with each update! If you love music and games similar to Guitar Hero or Parappa the Rapper, this game is for you! :D"
76561197970797163,Recommended,270210,9279724,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,DyeStar,Well i can be honest about this game if your looking for a quick something to do when ur bored id say Melody's Escape is it i mean its fast fun and quick and easy i picked this up for round £6.50 and its pretty good for the price its easy to import your own music weather it is from Itunes or media files its so simple and simple to play the only gripe i have about it is that sometimes the bars u have to hit can be unresponsive sometimes and they come up way way way too fast even if your the best of players ud struggle. But in all fairness to it its fun and a diffrent way to listen to your music think of it as playing rock band while freerunning its the same concept.All in all if you can pick this up cheap do so i would recomend this to any of my friends just becouse it is quite fun if u got some spare time.
,Recommended,270210,9741763,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Yoko Yuzaki,"As a person who loves rhythm games I generally go into them with a very skeptical mind. Of course when I first started the game I found it very difficult and seemed to find myself getting frustrated quickly. Of course that quicky fades as it's a game that you can pick up on very quickly, but is still challenging enough to keep things interesting.Even in this early stage this game is fun as all hell and enjoyable to anyone who loves a good rhythm game that isn't going to make you smash your monitor but is going to keep challenging you. Plus, on another good note, you can instantly play your favorite songs and the notes actually make sense. It's always fun to watch her pick up speed and have notes come flying at you, and the vivid visuals and Melody herself are fun to watch. Also due to the simple visual style it's not hard to see the notes which is another big plus for me.As far as I'm concerned this is one of the best rhythm games out there. Anyone who loves these types of games will love this game. Also with it still being an early title you're likely to see even more added on. It pleasing to the eyes as well as the ears, definitely not a rhythm game that should be passed up."
76561198065765519,Recommended,270210,9802179,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Where's Dad ?,"wow this game is just..... i have never seen a rhythm game that has this much potential, start with slow music melody walks, speeds up a bit she jogs or runs, intence rhythm she flys. The music effects you and melody its the best10/10get it nao"
76561198027411366,Recommended,270210,10209419,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Avatar Wan,I've only played for 1.6 hours and WOW!!!! You don't have this game already? You don't even deserve to live!!!
,Recommended,270210,9482188,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,AngelOfRevelation,"Melody's Escape is a, you guess it, a parkour game based on the rhythm of your music. And the game is best played with your controller and not with your keyboard. Due to the fact that the game is still in early access, it still has a few bugs here and there. And Icetasy (developer[s] of the game) is still adding stuff to the game. However, I don't exactly recommend it at 9.99 USD just yet. Its an awesome game I have no problem. Heck look at my recent video of it. I enjoy the game. And those of you who enjoy rhythm games like Audiosurf, Guitar Hero, Rock Band, and any other rhythm game out there, I would pick it up."
,Recommended,270210,9506350,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,LordNikonX,"This game is for the lovers of DDR (especially if you played it w/ a gamepad) or the Beat.Trip franchise.  It's epic-sauce.  Followed the development from the Greenlight phase and it turned out to be well worth the purchase.  Hard, challenging, but definitely does its job of making you feel like you're really running w/ headphones on.  You MUST focus on the music."
76561198053743688,Recommended,270210,9543020,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Juicestand,Quick Review...Audiosurf...MOVE on over!
,Recommended,270210,9588742,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,fuji-masaki,"I have played many audio games so far but nothing hit the note than this game.+ The art style is beautiful. It doesn't flash bright lights in your line of sight nor distracts you with various nonesense+ Instant loading of your music and it remembers what you have played for next time+ No distracting noises if you make an mistake, letting you enjoy the music as you play+ Many difficulties to fit your gamestyle from casual to extreme+ Controller friendly, easy gaming with buttons or the analog pad/D-Pad+ Easy config on keyboard to fit your styleYou might have sone issues with hitting the bubbles/colors on your first game, if thats the case you can easily go to settings and turn off the visual options. that should easily sort the timing.I highly recommend this game to all music fans out there. its still on early access but the group is quickly working on the game and updating regualry. well done guys! A+"
,Recommended,270210,10074218,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Deep-Sea Squeeze Trees,Audio Syncing is one of the better ones I've seen in a game. Support the Early Developers.
76561198049993879,Recommended,270210,9830747,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,LazyKitten,"Good game similar to audiosurf, However this is slightly more difficult to play. Being that your both using the wasd key's and your a character model."
,Recommended,270210,9991974,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,SnooznSusan,A very cool and colorful game!
76561198044907583,Recommended,270210,10018694,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Phallo,"I play a lot of game with this style... and the only problem that I find is that it does not work that good if you have low framerate... other than that, it is an amazing game and has a feel that is way different than most games like it. I would give it 2 thumbs up and would totally reccommend it"
76561198146161760,Recommended,270210,17089478,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,† ℓυиαβεℓℓα™,Cool Game ^-^
76561198091428221,Recommended,270210,17092942,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Hantonir,After Playing a few songs on this i must say im pretty impressed with the game itself. it has struggled with some of the songs i tried however others have been perfectly matched when i have played them.Although I did find using a gampad for the colours alot easier than using the keyboard but that could just have been me.still for a cheap game on steam in early access it is quite impressive
,Recommended,270210,16924104,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Nekrodex,"Melody's Escape is one of the best rhythm based games that i know. In the game you have 4  difficulties and each difficulty more harder than the last one and you can also create your own difficulte that suit you best. Melody's Escpae has fully workshop and with this you can change your look, background color and buttons color. In the game you walk, run and fly and most one the action is sync with your song(but sime time it dosn't) with that it's gets very intense beacuse sometime you have only like 3 seconds to react.If you like music you must try this game, it's never gets old and it's also early access so the game can always improve itself.i give to this game 9.5/10,"
76561197982337244,Recommended,270210,16950928,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Conic11,"This being my first ever rhythm game, I wasn't sure what I was getting into.  But it was shortly after owning it, that this game deeply impressed me! Here's a few reasons why- It gives listening to music a whole new definition- The song created tracks are extraordinary- Sliding and grinding over obstacles by holding notes down caused by held vocals or notes.- Slow-mo jumping off a cliff when the song dramatically changes its rhythm- It gives me a beautiful neon colored visualization of my music (other then those wacky Media Player ones)- No failure stateThis game almost reminds me of my days when I played Guitar Hero. I personally must recommend this game. I've had zero issues with it at all and it runs perfectly. I could compare this to Besiege by how well optimized and good quality this early access build is. It's worth the 10$s or your regional equivalent for sure! Keep up the good work Icetesy!P.S. Some of the mods are really worth looking into for this game. I currently have my Melody as Red from Transistor."
,Recommended,270210,17404471,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ferretlivvie,"This is an amazing game! I honestly thought that the game wouldnt be able to track the songs BPM right, but boy was I wrong! It tracks it wonderfully!  And of course, because it gets the songs from your computer, you will never have to play a song you dont like! It's a great concept for a parkour rhythm game, and the graphics are really astounding. I highly recommend this game! ^-^"
,Recommended,270210,17238157,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Samishiisung,Well. This game is good apart from Gone Beyond by Kevin Macleod is too easy... I would go intense mode but that is too hard... Meh... It's a good game I guess...
,Recommended,270210,17240004,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Tunloink,This game is easily one of the best rhythm style games out there.Nothing much else to say.
,Recommended,270210,17986837,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,"Sorry, i'm reckless.","Really wanted this game for a long time.. And when i finally ended up buying it, i was blown away how good it really is.. Really funny, relaxing, enjoyable game!!"
76561198079517769,Recommended,270210,18035981,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,addevil,"so many games will come and go but ill always come back to this one, i would like to see more games with this kind of freedom"
76561198134535918,Recommended,270210,17855951,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Desparoto,"This is my Chilax game. Normally i dont like rhythm games becaues i suck at them. but for some reason i love this one.Pros: varying difficulties where the easiest is really good if your new to rhythm games, and the hardest will make a Rockban veteran cry. also has a custom difficulty where you can fine tune the diffrent things to make it as hard or as easy as you want. does not come with any music but instead uses the song (any sond file really even podcast or sound effects) you have on you PC. comes with a Mod making program so you can reskin Melody to anything you want, and has workshop support. controller support.Cons: sometimes the track generation is a bit weird. it will have melody running in a area where she really should be jogging. tends to happen with songs that change tempo the most. Jpop was notoriously bad at this. It pushes my PC way harder than it really should. my GPU was running at 80C! With the fans sounding like it was about to takeoff. this game really should not be pushing it that hard. GTA5 dosent even come close.overall this game is fantastic 8/10. recommended for you if your new to the rhythm gams or are Phille Collins himself."
,Recommended,270210,13512809,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MeTT,"Not much to say, you choose the song and you follow it in a very well made Obastacle-run that folloow your song!!"
76561198093450191,Recommended,270210,9873255,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Bone Zone,Just amazing. It's like if guitar hero had sex with Gabe Newel and made an amazing PC rythm game.
,Recommended,270210,17937228,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Neems,"This game was not designed with people like me in mind. I'm bad at rhythm games. I'm not musically minded enough to fully appreciate what they've done with converting the music in to the input prompts.I'm having a great time playing this, though. I'm not doing well at all, sitting mostly either right on or right below four hearts on ""Intense"" which I actually found more natural than ""Medium"".Very much recommended."
76561198082945442,Recommended,270210,16393519,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Christina,"Melody's Escape - one of the best rhythm games in Steam. If there is a huge amount of music, you can play forever.Melody's Escape game with early access. I very much want to see what is the most it will be the end. With each update the game is getting better. Let's wait for its final version, which will probably be excellent.❤❤❤❤❤"
,Recommended,270210,18068984,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,TellJoolz,"Get this if you like games that use your music library as the basis of the levels. eg Audiosurf.Infact, I think it's better than Audiosurf."
,Recommended,270210,16622721,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SayumizZ,FAKIN GOOD GAME
,Recommended,270210,18270286,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,xobybr,this is a really awesome rhythmn game with a really unique concept and ive only played a little bit of it but its really a great gamethat said it isnt a perfect gameafter playing for more than 10-15 minutes my vision gets really messed up because in the game all the things that tell you what to hit are super blurry because of the motion so it causes my eyes to focus really weirdly and it is not an enjoyable feeling afterwardsalso like every so often it wont register my keyboard click when i hit a note. like i know im not the best at this so it might just be me but i am super sure i was on the spot4/5 will definitely be plaiyng a lot more
76561198022268751,Recommended,270210,18213452,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Tellah,"Rhythm games are what brought me to Steam in the first place, so I'm not surprised to find out that Melody's Escape is one of my favorite games at the moment. Even though it is an early-access game, I've found it very fun to play amd have had no real issues with it- and every update seems to add just a little more polish. There's also a great community of modders, so it feels like it will take a long time to run out of new things to see, especially since you provide the music tracks. It's an especially great game if you have a large library of music- and to the best of my experience, the game's algorithm for generating levels works rather well as I always felt like I was playing something connected to the music I chose to play instead of something merely randomly generated.I'm not the greatest with my reflexes, so I like that even if you do poorly you can still complete a level and you're not just booted out because you mess up a few times. Once you get used to the controls and the timing, it really becomes a rather relaxing game to play on the easiest difficulty- so it's a great game to drop a couple of minutes on here and there. Those minutes certainly add up, though!I'm very happy that I decided to randomly give this game a try, and I think anyone who enjoys this genre of game would likely fall in love with it too."
,Recommended,270210,17886308,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,The Gaming Gambit,This is truly the pinnacle of my game playing ever since I got Steam. Absolutely stunning effects. most notes don't fit the song quite right. It would be absolutely amazing if they featured a starter song kit including the song on the trailer of the game. This game is totally worth the money and time I spent wishing for it!!!
76561198055567827,Recommended,270210,17869017,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Tohabath,"Remarkably fun! Sometimes feels less epic than it should (an option to somehow rectify this would be excellent), yet what the game accomplishes thus far is beyond what I was expecting!This game is about as good as your music, so if you have enough tunes you owe it to yourself to give this a go. Its style is unique to other games, and the potential it has reached (not to mention the potential it still possesses) is worth the investment."
,Recommended,270210,17197048,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Maple,"I love rhythm games. This one excels at everything. Flow, simple but engaging visuals, and good dificulty scaling. Having only spent a couple minutes with it at this point, It has already shot to the top of my list, along with Audiosurf. Well done Icetesy! I love it so much! 10/10"
76561198066145810,Recommended,270210,17199227,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Erma,"This game is quite the atmospherical music game.I love the simple visual here. Simple yet so beautiful.The only downsides that I sometimes have is that the beats are a bit off tempo (I'm used to pressing buttons when I actually hear each beat). Though here, that isn't always the case. You'd need quite the beaty type of music for it to process the beats properly (Try industrial or hardstyle..).I know it's still in development and i'm sure there'll be a more optimal gameplay sooner or later!Other than that. It's a must have!"
,Recommended,270210,17422151,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Freelancer Texas,"Great game. It has a very good track record with me for detecting rhythms and beats, there's only a couple songs out of fifty or so that didn't get a good detection. I'd highly recommend this."
,Recommended,270210,17424733,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Masked Little Shit,"It's like when you listen to music on the bus ride home, only with a little more concentration.Sometimes the game doesn't take my imput for the color orbs or solid objects but other than that it's great"
,Recommended,270210,9284654,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Maxetto,"Definitely one of the best rhythm games out there. Even if it's an Early Access, it detectes the tempo really well. Not a single note out of position. Very good job for Epsicode!"
76561198146434472,Recommended,270210,17390218,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Icyndragon,"Incredibly simple, incredibly addicting. 10/10 would run to Van Halen's Eruption again."
76561198032912458,Recommended,270210,17479074,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ariadneborealis,"Okay so... what I was expecting is NOT what I got. I was expecting something along the lines of Beat Hazard, Symphony or Audiosurf, minus the fighting and flying about. What I got was a whole new look at my own music. I figured ""Meh, I know the song, this will be cake."" Not. Even. Close.   Depending on the song, you'll want quick fingers/reflexes or ....  *SMACK!* right into an obstacle or off a ledge.There is a quick ""how to"" in the menu and you can customize the controls, always good. Her appearance is also customizable, and with Workshop capability, I foresee many unique looks for Ms, Melody.Overall, I am quite pleased with this and look forward to what Icetesy SPRL has in store. For those who like to interact with their music beyond headphones or the usual shoot 'em up, absolutely add this to your library."
,Recommended,270210,16561793,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NeroBron,Rocked out to Embody The Invisible by In Flames while playing as Kneesocks from Panty And Stocking then got motion sick.10/10 would throw up violently again.
,Recommended,270210,16521524,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RockTobias,"This is without a doubt the best rhythm game I have ever played, upload you're own music and match the button commands then blast of! 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,16335653,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"While this is a lot of fun, playing to my own music (I've tried all different genres and it is incredible)The difficulty level between Relaxing and medium is... for lack of a better word, testy.In relaxing mode, you have two notes that do not mix, i.e. pressing one button for a short time, than another.In medium mode, you are thrust into all four buttons without preparation.I hope the developers can span out the difficultly like choosing to have three notes with directions, or just direction keys, because this truly is a lot of fun and it's really good for reflexes."
,Recommended,270210,16403333,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nezz,pretty fun lol... just get it :D
,Recommended,270210,18401704,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dunathon,"Nice game, giving another type of experience for music. I love how fast the game goes, with the obstacles depending on how the music changes. The only real flaw is that difficulty rises rapidly from relaxing to medium, going from one key per area to all four. Another difficulty inbetween using two arrow keys per area would be great."
76561198045546699,Recommended,270210,18403849,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Reisen535,i love this game theonly thing a can find wrong right now is there isn't much fail animations funny to be said but there is some play error it cilps and forth but this is early access so it would be fixed sooner or later
,Recommended,270210,18420781,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dusk Raider,The game blew my mind completely. Hot and stylish.
,Recommended,270210,18423252,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ehren,"+It can handle .flacs and other file formats fine.+It can handle over 3 hours of audio no problem with potentially no limit to that number (will update if I experiment further) and has had very impressive results for me on said 3 hour long music podcast.+Look beautiful and you're able to mod the game if you want custom visuals + comes with a mod editor+Challenging; uses 8 different keys, has hold notes and rates your accuracy on every hit+Did I mention how amazing the levels it creates for each track are? seriously the beat and energy detection are on point, especially for electronic music, also worked p good with indie rock.-Has no global leaderboards to try and top-For most songs you don't really get to hit the notes to anything but the beatThis is easily my favourite best auto-generating rhythm game to date, and its still in early access."
,Recommended,270210,18407008,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,iBeDorkin,"Definately not what I was expecting, But in a good way!"
,Recommended,270210,18394733,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Robin,"Fantastic game, if settings are adjusted to fit your computer's specs, it plays flawlessly and has absolutely no problem.I've personally have been having a quite tiresome and somewhat disheartening few weeks, so I was completely worn out. I've come across this game by random chance, and I saw the game's description and thought to myself,""hey, this might be able to cheer me up, it's a rhythm game that DOESN'T force some kind of extra payment to your face in order to play songs in the game, and even better, it lets you play your own songs and generates obstacles based on the song you've chosen? This might be pretty good.""-And oh boy was I right. This game was worth every single cent I've spent on it. Highly recommended for absolutely everyone!"
,Recommended,270210,18350977,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zilby,This game is so satisfying to play. Playing some songs feels legitimately therapeutic in nature... just awesome. 10/10
,Recommended,270210,18439570,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mr. Bear Zero,"i would recommend this game if you love all of bit trip runner, Audio surf, And audio surf 2 game's, including games you can surf this game is extremely fun and you can for god sake's surf to your music! it's so amazing and it's also a bit challenging at time's but that's what make's it fun!"
76561198036605045,Recommended,270210,18363487,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,FearTurkey,"I like this game, but I do want the developer to add in some kind of new, like, game look. Not just for the character or the backgrounds, but the obstacle course itself. Like, instead of just jumping over walls, gaps, ect. you're punching dudes in the face, knees, backs, ect. Like Kickbeat, but more stylized."
,Recommended,270210,18346657,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,[FSQ]Joule400,works with fallout 4 main theme. pleased godd howard by getting new high score above all other songs.now with more serious. it does work relatively well. specially if song is little slower paced. too fast or electronic music might make it little break but then again that kind of music is really hard for machine to just try to make up how pacing works. in general well worth 5€ it costs right now on sale and even outside of sale could recommend
,Recommended,270210,18354202,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Darkage Toaster,"This game was pretty much made for Durude's Sandstorm, but pretty much any kind of sing works with this game, it's simple in design and that is this game's major strength. In the end the enjoyment of this game really comes down to your choice in music.My advise look at the song you are listening to and change difficulty to mach it"
76561198205758193,Recommended,270210,18649980,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kamelyan,"This game is amazing.It's like DDR for your fingers, but with music from your own library. I enjoy just playing the game, even though my eyes lose focus and I just hit the buttons based on fuzzy colors.The workshop is great, but I'm a failure. I tried unsuccessfully to create a David Tennant as The Doctor mod. ""Love the Running""."
,Recommended,270210,18635745,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Shadow Stalker,"Good game, you can use your own music and the game can snyc to it well too."
76561198342640810,Recommended,270210,30580369,Posted: 17 March,all,ルナ-人形,i love itits good for passing timeor finding the rythum of the musicnever gets borng at allbut does lag with some back ground scenes  thoughit may also lag when recording to  just  a side note ive did before
,Recommended,270210,18340316,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sindræ,"Good game, although it feels a bit slow paced even at the harder difficulties. The songs I've played are quite well rendered into good maps, though they sometimes go weird since it sometimes picks up vocals, and the next second instruments. Works nigh perfectly with instrumental only songs. I can also recommend using an Xbox 360 controller, since WASD and arrow keys feels a bit weird.Overall the game is very entertaining, and for anyone who liked games like Audiosurf, Beat Hazard or Guitar Hero, it's definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,270210,30600493,Posted: 18 March,all,WOOMY,I love this game and i even love that you can add your own music. 10/10 would buy again if it was in another platfrom
76561198007275731,Recommended,270210,19007988,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,exottoyuhr,"Ponies brought me here. I don't care much for the default character, whose design feels like the animators are leering; but there's a really neat, really natural-feeling Vinyl Scratch skin.As for the gameplay proper? A lot of fun. It obviously owes a lot to Audiosurf, perhaps too much; but it doesn't leave you wondering if you're about to have a seizure."
,Recommended,270210,19009815,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Syko,Feels like a harder (or easier depending on your difficulty setting) version of audiosurf mixed with guitar hero. Recommend to anyone who likes this sort of game
,Recommended,270210,18978740,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Konatyrano,"Great rythm game, GFX and custom workshop things are great.-Pros-Workshop Access-MP3 Files Supported-Custom Colors-Custom Match-Making-Good Achivements-Cons-Need Music Files to play game-Almost impossible to get Synthesia achivement unless your a super pro.-No Multiplayer [correct me if i'm wrong, haven't played game in a while.]Otherwise, I give this game a 9.5/10."
76561198104010928,Recommended,270210,17327098,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Bowser Fucker 3000,"a game that i haven't heard much about, i'm ashamed that it's not showcased more often. melody's escape is an infinitely replayable rhythm game with beautiful minimalist visuals, fun and sometimes relaxing gameplay, and a highly moddable interface and player character with a dedicated community. if you like music, this is a game for you; although i don't really like the screen shake and how fast songs get sometimes, you WILL get dizzy if you play too long for a certain time. do NOT play this if you have epilepsy, just a fair warning. all in all, a beautiful, fun rhythm game with almost infinite replayability at an affordable price tag."
,Recommended,270210,21056430,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Cool Robbit,"I like Melody's Escape. It's cute and unassuming. The game's reminiscent of Audiosurf in concept: you plug in your music and the game generates a track for you to try and score the best you can on. You have four buttons and four directions you can press to respond to events on the track. There are four difficulties. Easy only requires one command pressed in rhythm with the song. Medium requires you to press only the buttons. Intense uses the full control scheme. Overload goes more into hard DDR song territory, heavily increasing the number of notes. There's also a custom difficulty that you can adjust the individual elements of to your liking. In other words, there's something for everyone.If you're coming in expecting a story or anything, go find something else to play. If you want an arcadey rhythm game though, casual or difficult, check this game out. I enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,270210,21044579,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TTanT,"I've learned a lot from this game. For example, I learned that my left hand likes to try to do what my right hand should be doing sometimes. And my right hand is happy to let it do that.I also learned that I like to hit crouch instead of jump, and jump instead of crouch. I've learned that I'm terrible at rhythm games.I'm so sorry, Melody."
76561198082875216,Recommended,270210,21161556,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Just | Exceed,"(Tl;dr at the bottom) Hi folks!This is my first real serious review here on steam, and I must say, I'm glad I can review this game in all seriousness. Because darn, it deserves good reviews.To the people that don't want to read the description of it and just skim the reviews, it's a ""platformer"" where you go about it on the rythm of your own music. Now for the actual review. Why do I like this game so much?/ Why do I recommend it? It's a unique style of quicktime event-platformer-like (phew) game with a nicely colored backdrop and calming atmosphere. But what really got me, was it's ability to almost perfectly nail the rythm of your music. There are some delays here and there, but those are so insignificant compared to the great job the level generator does. I didn't have any complaints so far, and I don't think I will ever have any.Tl;dr: Even though it's ""early-acces"", I really like the current state of it. No reason not to try it. It's a very well-made game with which deserves good ratings/reviews. I really recommend it to all of you who enjoy playing to and with the rythm of your music!"
,Recommended,270210,21193044,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DarkStar*,Most fun rhythm game i've played in a long time.10/10
76561198073219003,Recommended,270210,21196027,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Raggedy Princess,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game. Found it through the lunar new year sale this weekend and wow. This game is very simple when it comes to visuals and gameplay, but perfectly simple. Playing to your own music is amazing and the algorithm for finding the bpm or the ""energy peaks"" when a bpm can't be detected has so far been spot on. You have  to get used to when to hit the keys at first, but as soon as you start overcoming the learning curve it feels natural and completely on beat, even for songs that dont have the bpm detected.I do have to say I love rhythm games and music comes easy to me. The overload mode is what I've needed to play on to not be bored. It is not easy though, I think it will take a lot of time to master. For anyone who isn't an avid rhythm game player, the easier modes are perfect.I love this game, it's just such a great way to enhance listening to your music and to chill and get your mind off of things. Definitely recommend this to any music lovers of any genres."
,Recommended,270210,21144028,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Alucard86,Fun game especially if you like rhythm games that lets you use your own song
76561198192893105,Not Recommended,270210,21124988,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Super Mano,The game has a great potential but currently the gameplay is really basic. It seems unfinished.I hope the developer will polish it up...
,Recommended,270210,19776279,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,our house,"This game has become my stress reliever.However, you have to have music downloaded onto your computer in order to play.If you already are a person who downloads a lot of audio, you're set. Otherwise, don't get it. Song diversity is the sole reason this game has held my attention. Worth it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,270210,19867992,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,High-Priest Master Magdy,"I swear I've heard this games soundtrack before...No but seriously, this is pretty damn awesome for such a simple game. Although it can hurt your eyes when you first start playing, so just be careful."
,Recommended,270210,19900421,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Heavy Cruiser Takao,10/10 Fan Tucking Fastic
,Recommended,270210,11911761,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,LynetteGarr,awesome game great fun and great for streamers cause you can use any music u want
,Recommended,270210,19881248,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,skreyola,"This looks like a great idea for a game, but I couldn't get the controls. So, if you don't have awesome reflexes, this game might not be for you.The game appears to be very solidly made, but be careful which songs you play, because it can make a huge difference in how difficult the gameplay is.Not that there is no penalty for missing the orbs, unlike, for example, DDR, where missing too many notes will stop the song. Only the obstacles cause you to lose the ability to keep going seamlessly, and those only drop you out for a second or two.In the end, I didn't enjoy this game, because my reflexes weren't up to the challenge, but I'd still recommend it to people who like rhythm games and have better skill than mine."
,Recommended,270210,19932002,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ashee,SO NOICE
76561198116816132,Recommended,270210,19984109,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sm-9208,"cheap, fun, CUSTOM TRACKS!!!!Yeah early access whatever F**king great love play it now"
,Recommended,270210,19947588,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nishikino Maki,"I played this game for 6 hours straight and now my right eye wants to stop working.The way the game scrolls really screws with your brain but other than that it plays really great.9/10, almost perfect but needs more of the slow-mo drops."
76561198065316409,Recommended,270210,19940632,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,GrandOwlGaming,"This game is very nice. You can be able to play songs that you enjoy and use them in the game, the only porblem is that you ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO run the game at 60FPS if you want ANY chance of getting a perfect score. I can recall multiple times where the game has gypped me out of a perfect score just because of some FPS lag. I tried doing the Birthday Song, the BIRTHDAY SONG! Still recommend it though."
,Recommended,270210,20010885,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ClaireCast,"Bought as the reviews seemed generally good and I am not disappointed. Sometimes you just need a game to relax with that doesn't require too much of you. Brilliantly simple but visually fun rhythm game. Thoroughly enjoying this, hope it'll end up on the PS Vita too as I'd buy it for that too!"
,Recommended,270210,16032516,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Malsey,"This is a very fun and very interesting game, lots of fun if you like rhythm and music games. One thing about this game is it is insanely unforgiving.  If you make one mistake, you can expect to miss the next few notes as well, and it requires serious precision and can take some time to memorize the colors to the buttons if you play the way I do.  I would recommend this to anyone who considered themselves ""really good"" at rhythm games, like I did, because even with my experience it took me a long time to get used to this one."
,Recommended,270210,20018978,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,*ShadowStar*,"This game is quite fun. It a nice rythm game. The courses are always changing with every diffrent song. The control are easy to learn, and the steamwork shop have really intresting skins to use for the game's avartar."
,Recommended,270210,20268985,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Parasight,"Basically Bit Trip Runner and Guitar Hero combined. You will enjoy it if you like those two games. Also, infinite levels, because all the levels are based on your music."
76561198113788355,Recommended,270210,13857518,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Luna,Carpal tunnel on my fingersShort term seizuresDizzinessAnd unusual visual blurriness11/10would buy again. best play ever!
76561198144485762,Recommended,270210,13842668,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Yukio Gold,very fun.
,Recommended,270210,15936632,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,IZAZI,I must say this game is actually really really fun... played many many songs on it... 10/10
76561198004711546,Recommended,270210,15957372,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Squiggles,"Definitely say it's worth it, but I have some issues with it as well.Pros:Good simple graphics layoutA lot of custom characters from workshop (if you're into that)Color and running speed changes when music variesCons:Looks blurry as you're playing (Setting my zoom as far out as the game would let me helped a bit but the motion just blurs things as you move)Sometimes the game just doesn't match the pace of a song.The pacing can be great or kind of lame depending on the song, some songs the music will change to be super energetic but melody will simply keep her jogging pace, other times nothing will change but she'll start flying. Also there are times it seems like the slow-mo would've been awesome but it rarely activates in most songs I use. Still can be really addictive especially when you first get it and want to play through a decent sized song library."
76561198147829937,Recommended,270210,15600902,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,タイガーマン,Best game I love relaxing to my music and playing at the same time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,270210,15602236,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Two,"The game is pretty good actually, some songs it will have trouble getting a decent tempo or something like that, but most of mine are usually ""good"" or ""acceptable"" the colour change effect is nice and the art style is pretty cool too. Definatly worth a shot for rythym game lovers."
,Recommended,270210,15602632,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,blimmo,"The graphics are beautiful.The gameplay is addictive.The analysis is almost always very accurate.If your track slows before the chorus and the game identifies it, the action goes slow-mo and if you hit that jump that feels so awesome.The only thing I feel is lacking is maybe spotify support cause most of my music is on there, but if you've got mp3s or can get them easily (*cough* torrent *cough*) then this is perfectI love this game. Tis awesome"
76561198150072381,Recommended,270210,15602738,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,KAKA CARMEN ELECTRA,great game i love the option to use my music lybrary and i hope when its done there is co-op and vs.i would recomend the songsgardians gate(aduo cat)nightshade spray remix(radio gosha)
,Recommended,270210,15603394,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,A Cunt,I like this game. It makes me very sad at how bad i am. I am still better than my friends though so i like it.
,Recommended,270210,15591812,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,deforestation,This game is a must have for any music lover with a diverse library. I have tons of fun trying completely different songs and discovering which songs and beat make for the coolest patters. I've only had it for a day but I've already got 2.5 hours and I plan to play it a lot in the future. Great casual game to play if you have a few minutes or a few hours. With a 1000+ song library I can't see myself getting bored anytime soon.
,Recommended,270210,15847154,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ChubbyPetCow,"What's better than playing a game with your favorite music?It's good for casual play and if you want challenge in your gameplay, it surely gets difficult.I think I may already be addicted to this game.Note to self: Don't play this game when you are tired."
,Recommended,270210,15678103,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,horse Tranquilizer,"I've set out on a quest to play every game that boasts rhythm based procedural generationsThis is one of the best ones.Along with audiosurf and beat hazard ultra, this game is super fun, and introduces a unique challenge on harder difficulties.  It's not a game that you can pick up and instantly be crushing high scores, it has an actual learning curve that's missing in most games of the genre.This is a game you should play if you're interested."
,Recommended,270210,15679300,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Uveryahi,"PSA: This game causes time dilation! You might think that only 1 song and about 4 minutes have gone by when actually you've jumped a couple of hours in the future!12/10 -Would time travel again.joke aside that game is really amazing and soothing. Best purchase in a really long while now. I even spent some time simply watch the computer play the songs just to enjoy the eerie scenery.Of all the purchases I've made this year gamewise, this would be the only I truely recommand!"
,Recommended,270210,15746495,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,KotL,"Really cool game, the devs actually dev. As an added bonus, the devs dev well. :)"
,Recommended,270210,15807505,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Noire,"Best way to listen to your music while playing, but not easy at all"
,Recommended,270210,15923840,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Meester Feesh,This game has a little ways to go. There are some songs it works well with then there are songs it doesn't work well with. Then there are songs like Tank! from Cowboy Bebop that make me wonder if the game was made especially for that song. Overall a great game that in my opinion can only get better.
,Recommended,270210,15912598,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Elvira,"Kinda like Vib-Ribbon...anyone know that game? No? I don't care.Still, a lot of fun if you like rhythm games."
,Recommended,270210,15621994,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dat Blitz,This game has an excellent taste in music
76561198037569234,Recommended,270210,15607274,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,NoTM,I find this game harder than any other kind of game like it. Harder than Dark Souls maybe. Only play if you are extremely resistant to raging.
,Recommended,270210,15644455,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nikki Silyer Aurion,Jesus approved
,Recommended,270210,10396339,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Cleomemnes,"I love this game. Im a huge fan of ddr type games. I never noticed how much fast paced music I own. So my first song was a complete face roll, and even after failing so hard I became addicted. I get to listen to my music and play a nice game. I recommed Evan's Blue."
76561198039456947,Recommended,270210,10391009,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,A Pole you know,"This game runs on a really progressive engine, and I'm certain  that it has a bright future.Don't expect another lame clone of Stepmania or something. This is much better.The technichs are great.The game can stand ANY music you put into it. Even soundtrack for DBZ video games.The game reads whatever music file you enter in it. Even files for OSU!.It suffers however, for being monotoonous. The STeam workshop users are doing their best to prevent it, and they know what to do hopefully.Ultimately: It's worth your money, if you have the music.The game will make you love your old crap songs again!"
76561198055603209,Recommended,270210,10316013,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Elis Shaimall,"A really good game.I enjoy more this game than Audiosurf. The idea of a ""runner"" whose pace depend on the music is a really good one and the graphics are superb.But (there's always a ""but"") with some of my songs it seems off-beat (maybe because I listen to strange songs).Also I recommend tobeginners like meto play in the ""Relaxing"" difficulty for several hours or to make a custom difficulty (which is anEXCELLENTidea) between ""Relaxing"" and ""Medium"" or ""Normal"", I don't remember --'.At this time, I can't play in another difficulty than""Relaxing"" or my custom difficulty which is an in-between (mainly due to some reflexes from some japanese fast-paced rythm games with only2 buttonsmaximum)Edit note :About the difficulty, I find out why it was hard... It's just my songs that are too ""speedy"" for me. I tried some ""calm"" music and it was much easier. So the difficulty dependsHIGHLYon the music (Quite normal for this kind of games, it's just me who is stupid... --' )But don't be fooled, the ""Hard"" and ""Overload"" difficulty are really ...er... tough... likeREALLYtough. I have to get a new pair of hands and eyes... and maybe a new brain in the meantime."
,Recommended,270210,10245345,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Dr Seb Wilkes,"After the updates, this game has got even smoother / more re-fined.A must buy when on sale."
,Recommended,270210,10330690,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Emily H,Fun game and really pretty. It generates the movements that your need to do really accuratly. It generates beat drops on dubstep in the coolest way sending your character flying down in are for the entire doruation. The colors are fantastic and bright even on my 4 year old dark monitor. I can only imagine what it looks like on a new brighter monitor. Creating new skins for it is very easy especially if your decent at photoshop or illustrator like I am. It's enjoyable to spend a hour or less on a skin and have it work right away in game. I wish there were some instructions on how to edit the XML files however.  The downside to this game is that it's very difficult and hard on the  eyes sometimes.. If you play it a while you can get the hang of it a bit. I can't get passed one color/direction mode myself but I am a player of low skill in general and I know that. The hardest part is going to be the fact that your moving so fast it's blinding and sometimes painful to the eyes.
76561198087435307,Recommended,270210,15858559,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,NintendoPlayerSega,"While the game is very good at creating tracks based on songs, the game seems to run at a very low frame rate of 15 and occasionally shifts up to a high number. Maybe it's because the game is still in the beta stages, but I hope that the issue gets resolved when the game is finished..."
76561198094679295,Recommended,270210,16271240,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Didi,It's a pretty good game. needs some improvement but its pretty  a pretty chill game to sit and play after a hard days work or just to relax. it can get addicting.
,Recommended,270210,15646929,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Chowman 211T,very nice simple music player very good visuals
76561198010186637,Recommended,270210,15637941,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kino,"Wow! I am a little dizy, but I had sooo much fun. Didnt know I get to use my own music! :D"
76561198097657854,Recommended,270210,15639364,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kovalski Mulder,"WRITTEN IN TIME OF EARLY ACCESSThe game has a lot of potential to be great, and I think it is worth buying it.I just hope there will be some mapped levels that won't be just generated, even thought the music analysis works very well.. Human touch is definitely needed. I'd like to see dosens of integrated songs."
76561198096596277,Recommended,270210,15514518,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lim,"Had this game since I first saw it released on steam, figured, hey why not? It looks promising, and lets me use my own music to play. Perfect!Just today decided to play this again for the first time in months, and have to say it still holds true to a perfect way to play/listen to my music.I'd recommend this to anyone that wants a laidback but still very entertaining way to play and listen to the music they own.Also the search for your own music is WAY better than other games such as Audiosurf, beat hazard, etc. as it doesn't have to take a long period of time to analyze the track and build to it like audiosurf, or take time to load all possible outcomes like beathazard, it simply looks at the track, makes a pattern, and lets you immediately start playing, which is awesome.My only downsides to this were when it didnt have the modding for character looks and it just had 3 characters, but since that time, the steam modding community was added to it, as well as more character skins and hair styles, which all still work flawlessly in game. (so far to my knowledge.)The company that made this game, definately knows what they are doing."
,Recommended,270210,16053505,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,花と太陽と雨と,Running waifu simulator. 10/10
,Recommended,270210,16023118,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,call me nigga YUK CHUEN,I escaped from my mother to play Melody's Escape.11/10 would escape again.
76561198129488799,Recommended,270210,16072337,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Rowdayo,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Bee's Knee's. Fun as hell. 10/10
,Recommended,270210,16072952,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,AlphaKretin,"The game doesn't have a particularly large amount of content, but it's not intended to and doesn't need to; what's there is incredibly polished and the game does what it sets out to do very well. I only have two complaints, one of them really minor. The minor one is that when the game uses tempo to analyse the song it seems really reluctant to go into the highest-intensity, coolest-looking flying mode, I've only seen it happen in songs for which the engine can't determine the tempo, which isn't many. The other, major, issue is the insane amounts of eye strain the game can cause. You can prevent it by focusing on the character, but then you can't see oncoming notes. Hopefully this will be fixed in a future update, and until then the actual game is fun enough to be worth putting up with the strain in short bursts.EDIT: Ok, wow, I had forgotten the game is early access. Assuming, then, that more content will be added and the eye strain issue fixed, this game is practically perfect."
,Recommended,270210,23108181,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,OwO What's This?,"My favourite rhythm and music game to ever grace steam. Without overwhelming the player, the dev has created an amazing and colourful game that allows the player to use their own music and for the most part enjoy the scenery. With every song is a new environment, and every level is different."
76561198081090929,Recommended,270210,23108352,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Noah,"Pretty good, it can be repetitive but like for most music based games it is just a rhyme game. It has different modes where the buttons can be easy or intesify. Good game looking for dlc or updates for this one."
76561198146068002,Recommended,270210,23106671,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jarn Argence,"Now, I don't play a whole lot of rhythm games, but this one caught my interest. In all honesty, I'd say that this was worth my time and money. Granted, it took me a little while to figure out some of the harder levels, but if you're looking for something you can just pick up real quick, and have a blast for a little while, this is your game.Honestly, I'd say that one of the best features is the fact that it's your own music that you're playing with. Granted, there are still a couple bugs to work out, but as it stands, it's a fantastic game, and I don't say that lightly."
,Recommended,270210,23106792,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Letax CZ,"I saw this at the Store and got curious, because I haven't seen it there. It got me interested when I read I can play with my music files, and it looks good. It was a fun 1,5 hours I've had with it so far.Also, my thumb hurts."
,Recommended,270210,23107274,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[BKNE] Dustik,Amazing Rythm Runner Game <3 Maybe the best on Steam <3
76561198057444407,Recommended,270210,23110130,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bubble Fish,"Hold on to your hats because your music is about to start playing with you!!Taking guitar hero-esque notes and using them as direction keys; this game converts your favorite songs (or any song for that matter) and converts them into a parkour boot camp. Relax and unwind on a casual adventure through the songs you love but though you couldn't stand any more as suddenly there's a new reason to listen to them, with the 'Relaxing' difficulty setting! Really grind that song into your brain with the 'Overload' setting and give your fingers a reason to really learn those guitar riffs or tap those MIDI pads!! Use the 'Automatic' setting to watch a 2-d girl (which couldn't come in a male option... really. [Make him handsome!!]) dance parkour-ly through a setting of distinctly familiar obstacles and glowing bat-arangs! Gaze in awe as your character flawlessly glides through whatever environment YOU DECIDE with YOUR MUSIC TASTE!!Fantastic. Have bought, have bought for friend, have in inventory to gift to friend. GOOD GAME"
76561198255817769,Recommended,270210,23110429,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DamTheDestructor,"An entertaining game if you plan on playing  (And I don´t mean playback) your music. The songs included in the game are also quite good, so...enjoy."
,Recommended,270210,23110431,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Aethereal,"I LOVE this game. Took playing several songs to get used to such a fast-paced sidescrolling while having to still register everything you're seeing. Even the Medium difficulty is too much for me if I pick any of my favorite faster paced songs (they aren't really a genre so I'm not sure what to call them).I'll probably never be able to play anything above Medium on a keyboard, using 6 keys that do the same things is overwhelming (was never good at DDR on max either, but it didn't feel as overwhelming, maybe because it wasn't also a sidescroller xD) but Relaxing and Medium both feel satisfactory enough. for me It's very fun and keeps your mind sharp! And I love that we can use any song we want to."
,Recommended,270210,14069772,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Lurch,"I love rhythm games. This has to be one of my favorite genres next to point and click and strategy comedies. I have played many rhythm games. Audio Surf, Beat Hazard, Symphony, Dance Dance Revolution and now this one. This game is fueled by your music. Not like that add thing that says that as a buying point, like Rush Brothers (which is a good game, but isn't really fueled by music that much). This game is 100% fueled by your music like Audio Surf, Beat Hazard, and Symphony. Even though it is in early access, it looks like it's coming along marvelously. This is a game that operates similar to DDR, but is a little more creative with it, but along with the arrows, in intense mode, you use w, a, s, d to hit the record notes to make a rythm. If you have played Audio Surf on double vision mode, those controls are sort of similar to that. This game can be used with any MP3 in your computer. This game, being in early access, doesn't have music that comes with it, so if you don't have your own music library, then there is no need to purchase this game. It works with all mediums of music. I have played it with movie soundtracks, rock music, dubstep, broadway music, video game music, etc. If it was really easy on audiosurf, though, then you might be pleasently surprised. I have played the soundtrack theme to the film ""BeetleJuice"" on both games and in this one it is fast and lively. I think it depends on the game. I give this game 8.5 out of 10.After Early Access:Now that this game is out of early access, it definitely had some small things added that are little surprises. It has its own music, more alternate costumes, and has gotten much smoother-running. I still recommend this game, as it is very fun and interesting for your music, to see what goes into it. You can tell that the game actually works off of structure, by using different methods to identify bass, drum taps, etc."
76561198094059026,Recommended,270210,30543991,Posted: 16 March,all,GlobalRyot,"I'm a simple man.  If I hear Shirobon, I'll buy your game."
76561198111286397,Recommended,270210,23403281,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Rowdy Fella,"I bought this, thought I made a mistake.Then I kept on playing and realized it was 3 hours later.10/10"
,Recommended,270210,23505422,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The_Galloping_Gazelle,"Melody's Escape is a really creative idea for a game. If you haven't seen gameplay or the trailer the game has an engine that creates a level to your very own music. The game comes with about 8 songs of it's own from Shiroban, a really great artist. AS you read other reviews you will see coments on the inaccuracy of the level creator to the beat of the music. I personally have only faced that with songs that don't have a (very) audiable beat/ bass. Otherwise when I played songs by Zedd, Mystery Skulls, Daft Punk, etc. they were all 100% on beat with the ""wisps"" you hit in-game. The fact that you can mess up and continue (unlike the impossible game or geometry dash) allows you to relax to your very own music librarey while playing a game which is an amazing combo to have.P.S. If you're a fan of classical or anything of the sort you probably shouldn't get this game since the game won't pick up on it as well as other songs.P.P.S. Most Rock is read accurately by the game."
,Recommended,270210,23495391,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SubrosianChainsawMassacre_|BC|,"I got Melody's Escape around 3 months after it went into early access, and I ended up writing a rather haphazard and not very serious review. So, now that it's out of early access, how does the complete product fare, and is it worth $10?The answer: Yes!This is probably one of the most addictive music games I've played, helped by its simple gameplay, charming graphical style, and high quality music detection. I have no idea how the devs did it, but this accuracy is really damn good. There are hiccups on a few songs, but it was never the entire song in my experience.The control accuracy is really good too, something vital to a game that requires precision. It felt like my fault when I missed an orb or an obstacle, as opposed to bad control accuracy.There are also a lot of cool skins and visual mods on the workshop, and the game even gives you the template to make your own skins. Lots of fun ones to add to your list, lots of RWBY and MLP:EqG.However, the game does have its flaws. The orbs can be a bit blurry depending on how fast they go by, though the devs have taken steps to fix that since well before the full release by redoing the orbs a bit so they're easier to see. You also need to have a large music library to get full enjoyment out of this game, though that's a given for a game like this.My personal main problem with this game is that there are no leaderboards for individual songs. Hopefully this will be rectified in a later patch, because I really want to see how others fare on the songs that I play.So, if you have ten bucks lying around, a lot of music on your computer, and like simple, easy to grasp gameplay, then this game is for you. I highly recommend it to any rhythm game fan."
,Recommended,270210,23480024,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Kagamine Len,i love playing this game with my own song
76561198028418514,Recommended,270210,23045777,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Qwertystop,"Very good game, reads the music smoothly, transitions between sections smoothly. If you find the right tunes it'll even do a momentary slow-motion and it EXACTLY fits the song."
,Recommended,270210,18555443,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Gaioa,Why is this in Early Access???
76561198256946680,Recommended,270210,23314897,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TheAcidicAuba,Amazing game.
76561198201823919,Recommended,270210,23311666,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kaiser,"The parkour stuff she does is starting to get boring, to the game maker people: pls continue to make this game cooler... go update stuff or somethingand to those making cool skins in the workshop.. lets go ake more cool stuff im sure there are tons of other anime waifus melody hasnt cosplayed into yet  :)"
,Recommended,270210,23282284,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ThiccCheck,how do people keep up with this JESUS
76561198036296155,Recommended,270210,23284457,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,qwertycrackers,"If you love electronic music, this game is simply a must-buy. I don't normally enjoy rhythm games, but the advertisment of being able to feed in any sound file and have it turned into a rhythm level hooked me. So for a nominal fee, I bought the game and downloaded this little thing expecting ~30 min of fun. But what I got was an addictive and engaging expirience that let me appreciate the music I love and listen to on a whole new level. This is the game that broke my Dark Souls III streak and took me back to the rest of gaming. This is the game that has distracting me from playing the brand new Hitman levels.Some recommendations:Probably more fun if you already have a good set of music to play it with. A good place to start would be withF777's Ultimate Dance Machineor withWaterflameI use a controller and I think the game would be playable but less ergonomic on a keyboard.The level-generation algorithm is superb, and works for a lot of music, but I did manage to make it do some wonky stuff with music such as Idina Menzel's ""Let it Go.""Overall, a truly excellent game at a very low cost. Easy 9/10, maybe even 9.5/10."
,Recommended,270210,11471572,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Juso Magna,This is exactly the rhythm game I've been waiting for. A game that adapts to your own music. I wanted this since Guitar Hero 2.
,Recommended,270210,11922326,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,[SSgt] M.Wolf [PTF],Fun if you like pressing keys to the beasts of songs
,Recommended,270210,12017269,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,uwu,"Very fun, very challenging, very pretty.  Lots of colors and unlike a lot of rhythm games, you can use your own music so there's little chance you'll ever be bored with the options.One downside is the analyzer does not seem to be as great or accurate as it claims to be, but it is still a very fun game and, in my opion, well worth the 10 dollars."
76561198027181105,Recommended,270210,12013166,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,SilverHawk,Awesome game^^ loads of fun if you have some time over and want something to do while you listen to the music you have on your computer.
76561198078832922,Recommended,270210,11973975,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Captain America,"If you enjoy playing bit.trip Runner 2, you will enjoy MELODY'S ESCAPE. Note that this game is in Alpha and it is working phenomenaly well, I have had no crashes thus far. Some people have complained that the games rhythm detection is not working on all the music. I say in response: give the Devs some time and I bet they will work out all of the kinks in there Rhythm detection method."
,Recommended,270210,10696615,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ManicMaiku,This game...is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,270210,10507759,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,LeppyV,"This is a pretty decent game that tests your reactions by sending different arrow keys at you depending on the song you pick. And that is another thing, you get to imput your own songs into the game. This really does test your hand and eye corordination as on some difficulties has you use two sets of arrow keys. I do recommend this game, it is a good way to increase your reactions and to listen to your favorite songs. 10/10"
,Recommended,270210,10972224,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jaeger Bombastic,Melody's Escape is a rhythm game that is designed to work with your own music. Because of this each action you perform is directly synced to the tempo of your chosen song. This game is good at determining how the coloured orbs synch with music with different genres. The background also changes its intensity depending how intense your songs are and speeds up or slows down depending on those factors. At times the orbs felt out of place and not synched up with the song that I was playing making the game feel a little dis-jointed at times. Overall this game is a blast to play and I would recommend it to anyone who loves music or rhythm games.
76561198000425991,Recommended,270210,10057470,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Jono,"Awesome game, beautiful visuals and great difficulty settings.  Would love to help improve the game in anyway I can.Edit:I just wanted to make a suggestion to the developers as something that should be changed.The game takes up a bit too much CPU. My game experience is not effected all too much, I have an expensive desktop but maybe others experience problems?60 fps, position checking every frame and dynamic or flowing animations may be be the cause.Other than that, pretty damn happy with this game, it is worth the money. What would be nice is a bit of point-candy lol like seeing large rewards pop up on the screen to stroke our egos. That'd be great."
76561198025754126,Recommended,270210,10844685,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mivzy,"When I first saw this game I knew I had to give it a try. Melody's Escape is a visually stunning game that immerses you in the music of your choosing.That being said, my first few attempts were a disaster. I hit almost every obstacle I was supposed to avoid. The timing of the arrow keys requires incredibly careful precision, but I urge you not to give up so easily. After many more tries and many more failures, I can now get 4/5 or 5/5 hearts on just about any song (on easiest difficulty). Combine the visuals with instrumental/orchestral music such as Two Steps From Hell, and you won't be able to stop playing this.Also, the fact that the landscape changes based on the speed of the song segment is really cool. In the slow parts, Melody walks lightly through the rain, and when things speed up she is jumping off cliffs and doing barrel rolls. I can't wait to find more good music to use!"
76561198002875637,Recommended,270210,10846640,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sariel,"Elite Beat Agents meets the style of Beat Hazard in the format of an Endless runner? Add in the ability to customize running tracks, and this is golden."
76561198077266928,Recommended,270210,11553637,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Zero_Nexus09,This game is very fun. It reminds me of audiosurf a lot in a good way. It makes listening to my music even more fun and challenging. I recommend this game.
76561198078161110,Recommended,270210,11478538,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,lunie,I love this game its fun has nice controller support. only downside i wish there was sound effects when you hit the symbols. i just feel it's got lack of response back.
76561198078387587,Recommended,270210,11574232,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Had Better Days,This game is visually stunning and the animations are very smooth. You can import and play your own music tracks on your hdd so the more music you own the more there is to play. Lots of difficulties to pick from and you can even customise Melody which was not necessery but is a very appreciated feature regardless. Not much else to say but it is a very fun game and can be as challanging as you want it to be. If you love music rhythm games like Audiosurf or OSU this might just scratch the good spot too.
76561198053332282,Recommended,270210,11576066,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,I_aM_n0t_A_sAinT,Great time killer while listening to your favourite music :)Definitely worth getting! :)
76561197968144781,Recommended,270210,11629322,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Kitsune,This is a very enjoyable rhythm game.
,Recommended,270210,11746147,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mirrana,"The game is well polished for an early access game, though I find the beat detection a little off at times. I can't play at any difficulty other than the single color, though I can crank up the tempo to max. I find with high tempo music I""m just mashing the button, not at the actual beat of the song I'm playing.The game would probably benefit greatly from a customization mode where the user can make their own levels tuned specifically to a given song... at least insofar as they can place the location of the orbs and obsticals, then the game can choose which colors and directions to make the user push for randomnes."
,Recommended,270210,12502553,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Byzantium,"Interesting rhythm game based on a program meant for analysing beats of a song.It's far from perfect, but does a good job from the songs in my library.Melody herself is customizable as well, be it from making your own skin, or downloading one from the workshop."
,Recommended,270210,12534008,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,CattoShark,"this game looks great and honestly I was super excited when I first opened it, but if truth be told I wasn't able to play one song. This could be a problem with me keyboard, but the game didn't got any of my cammands, it just doesn't responds... also it would be neat that you could sinc it with spotify... idk.leaving that aside this game is a dream come true and probably you wont have the same problems that I had, so I just can't not recommen this game, and if you have the same problems that I have, please tell me how to fix it."
,Recommended,270210,15145353,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Appulo,"Highly recommend this game to fans of music/rhythm games.  The mapping of songs is very accurate, and the gameplay is very colorful and addicting, it would be very hard to get bored of it!  Also, has a very large workshop!Adding a story mode to this would be really awesome, can't wait to see what is added next!Review written on 3/31/2015."
76561198066091518,Recommended,270210,16317120,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,EpidemicPain,"Extremely fun and immersiveHow immersive you ask?I got the card fly away,while playing the song fly away while being in the flying part of the song that was actually while the singer was saying fly awayIt blew my mind"
,Recommended,270210,15027581,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,FHicx,nice gameExpect more original soundtracks
,Recommended,270210,14267035,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lucatema,"The obstacles and button presses in this game actually sync up with the song pretty damn well. I can play metal, rock, trance and epic instrumentals by Yuki Kaijura perfectly. The obstacles and button presses work together with the music to make a very immersive experience.That being said, do not play this game for long periods of time and do not play this on a cruddy computer. The speed and vivid colors of this game will hurt your eyes after a while and will make your old desktop chug and stutter as it tries to keep up with the framerate.Overall, I find this even more fun than Audiosurf. Buy it now if you love rhythm games with adjustable difficulties."
76561198144671335,Recommended,270210,14333789,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kaykayiscrazy,"I am a big fan of music games, and when I saw that this one allowed you to use the music in your library in the game I just had to try it out.This game is different from anything else I have seen, and I find myself playing it all the time. It syncs up with your music to create a unique experience so that no two songs have the same exact obstacle layout. Syncing tends to work better with songs that have a dance/eletronic sound to them but the game still works well with all genres. I've even tried it with classical music just to see what would happen and it's surprisingly quite relaxing!For those just starting out, it can be quite challenging at first. If Melody were an actual person I think she would have died just from my first time playing this game due to me missing the keys and making her crash into walls, fall on her face, and even dive off of cliffs. I'm much better at this than I used to be and I still unintentionally put her through physical abuse whenever I mess up.I would definitely recommend this to music lovers like myself, or to anyone in general really. It's an easy game to get hooked onto and very fun. If you're still unsure, watch some gameplays of it on YouTube. That should be enough to convince you into getting this game or not."
76561198007994237,Recommended,270210,14110293,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,lordjas2101,"Great game,i love how the game uses your songs and analysis it and create a track for you to play your own songs and it was a lot of fun.But it would be nice if you could improve the background with various types of things,like for example maybe rainbow fireworks mixed with colours and also with colour particles floating in the background. Something like those will help make the game even more beautiful,kinda like Audiosurf 2.Oh and also the analysis is not all that accurate as said,i noticed that when i play some japanese songs, when the vocal is shouting long,the track wasn't really in the long holding moment. So it felt weird and it would be very nice if you could improve the analysis system better. But other than that it's a nice analysis system"
,Recommended,270210,14506898,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,vytah,"If you have scrolled down this far, you probably already know that Melody's Escape is a casual rhythm game that uses your own music.I just wanted to say that while it does only one thing, it does it well. It has only one game mode, it doesn't have multiplayer or online leaderboards, but it does the casual single player game thing almost flawlessly.The generated track matches the music very well, the art style is practical and convenient, loading times are really short. There are multiple difficulty levels, and if you don't like them, you can create your own difficulty level. A failure doesn't interrupt the flow of the game, music keeps playing and you're back on track where you are expected to be within a second. Both keyboard and controller work fine, I prefer the controller, but it doesn't make much difference.All you need is a collection of music on your disk. Music videos are fine too.The only minor annoyance is that the game doesn't render all characters in Asian or Central European languages correctly, so if you have a collection of K-pop labelled in Korean, you're gonna have a bad time. But apart from that, everything works fine.A simple, well-done game. If all you want is a simple rhythm game and increasing your scores for your own satisfaction, this is it."
76561198046561093,Recommended,270210,13640277,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,CannableCheese,"Guys this is a great game and can be alot of fun but please, REMOVE THE MOTION BLUR! It kills my eyes only after a few minutes and is really hard to look at. Also... dont know if its just me but all of my songs seems like they have a delay for when the button should be pushed, it's always on the off-beat instead. keep going though"
76561198153354955,Recommended,270210,13310117,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Saiyan007,"There's not much to say other than this game is very entertaining. If you are a music lover, like I am, then this is a very fun game to play with. You play as a girl named Melody, a free runner who loves to jam while she runs through obstacle courses...but the cool thing is that the obstacle courses she runs through depend totally on the song that she is listening to. The game is entertaining with almost ANY genre. I should know. I played through levels with everything from ""Through Fire and the Flames"" by Dragonforce and even ""O Holy Night"" by Josh Groban!If you love music, Vocaloid, and running...then this is a very fun and entertaining game for you. But if you don't like music...well...you probably won't like this game."
,Recommended,270210,13312156,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,GalesLastBreath,"Neat lil' do-it-yourself rhythm game. The strength of this indie title lies in it's presentation; the colors are dreamy and surprisingly immersive.  While there are some issue with tempo and beat detection, most songs you input into the conversion system function rather well. Melody's doesn't offer anything out of the ordinary in terms of design, but for the price tag it is a fun distraction."
,Recommended,270210,13314335,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Iron Cross,"Very fun game, alot funner if you have a vast music library."
76561198030043640,Recommended,270210,13303123,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Faecal Fjôrd Fisters Fraternity,"The most accurate custom music rythym game I've played.  Simply choose any song you like and the game will create a stage for it.  Infinite replay value for a game like this... great for motor skills / the brain, too!  9/10"
,Recommended,270210,13583728,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tummy Mummy,"I enjoy this game dearly. The only complaint about the game that I have is that it could use a tutorial for beginning players. Also, every once and a while there is minor input lag but the game is very addicting and has great, vibrant colors."
76561198036191764,Recommended,270210,13587275,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Isaac Newton,"This game is really good, those who like guitar hero like games would love this one, it scans YOUR musics and build the level, it is a great game to play when you want listen musica"
,Recommended,270210,13724987,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,hiccupheadphone,"I'll preface this by saying I play a ton of rhythm games across a ton of different platforms. I like them.Melody's Escape is something I've been looking for for a while - a game that gives you a great way to play through your own music collection. I've not had a single song generate a level that was simply unplayable and this is the first program to be able to map for songs with energy peaks, bpm changes etc. I listen to electronic and rock music and haven't had a problem. While I'd like to see a bit more variety in the animations for melody, the mods for characters and button mapping keeps things fresh. And yes, there are several themes to match Playstation colors in the Steam Workshop.Can't wait to see how this develops further."
,Recommended,270210,13727166,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pizzacheetah,The soundtrack is really good.
,Recommended,270210,13135632,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,cityle,"Usually, I don't do review, but this game is so fun.If you love your music, you will love this game. Need a little learning curve at the beginning in order to get use to it but it's normal. The Xbox controller works very well and the rumble feedback is great. I enjoy a lot playing this game with my J-Pop library and the tracks really represent well your songs and it's really fun. And for audiophile like me, it's great that the game support FLAC. Also, the slow-mo effect is really fun when your song allows it. Up to this date, I've encountered it on 3 songs, one of them being Oblivious - Kalafina. Very sweet, good looking, pleasant game in the overall.Note to the develoers:- Can you add support for Kanjis (Kanas are all right) and Korean symbols?"
,Recommended,270210,13151290,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tym17Aero,Perfect to take a little break at work
,Recommended,270210,23141655,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,BIBORAN,amazing game
,Recommended,270210,23151444,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jak,Pretty chill
76561198101628447,Recommended,270210,23151621,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,knowbody07,Bought this specifically to see if it could handle progressive power metal.  Was not disappointed.
76561198067147611,Recommended,270210,23121829,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cenato,"This game is something new and great. The way this game works is that you download a music file and the game picks it and analysis it to pick out the beats. It then adds obstacles to the beats and depending on how long or short the beat is depends on the length of the obstacle. One it maps out the level it then adds orbs that go to the beats. All of the orbs and obstacles are activated by a key press on the keyboard(W, A, S or D). Each orb and obstacle need to be pressed with a different directional key. When there is a high BPM (Beats per Minute) there a more obstacles with less time in between them so a higher BPM it is a lot harder. Also do not forget to calibrate the game before you play to make everything sync up.Overall this game is very good but some work could still be done analyzing the music to create more accurate obstacles."
,Recommended,270210,23138688,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,dMb12FwA,"Very Decent Rhythm GameAnother Rythym game that's sure to become popular and addicting. I like how the Avatar is customizable with the mod workshop. As with 99% of ""Use your own Music"" Rythym games, the game can't create rythym maps with 100% accuracy to the song's beat, which of course, is almost expected. One thing that gets to me is that the bluriness and the transitions with the directional presses because it disorients me a little bit and a tad too fast. Still none the less a great game and I'm sure more content will be added.9/10"
76561198134993277,Recommended,270210,23146326,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mr. Mumus,"Fine. This is a very nice game. I totaly love it.Take Rednex, or Aqua, Sabaton, Van Canto to the playlist... and run.I dont need my brain, what is so fine after a hard day.Its truly addictive. I love it. :)"
76561198092785865,Recommended,270210,23149279,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,CassidyRose,"I actually find this game pretty fun. Aside of RPGs I do love certain music games. This one is actually really fun especially that you get to use your own music on there. I have used a few songs from a couple of my favorite animes, to play this game to and it worked out pretty well."
,Recommended,270210,23149412,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rosenator,"If Audiosurf was Bit.Trip.Runner's child, it would have come out something like this."
,Recommended,270210,23148074,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Chamomile,"A new stylish wasy to listen to music. But really, it's great."
76561198066302076,Recommended,270210,23150686,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,gamerk89,"I really enjoy this game, it is a quality rhythm game and i can sync it to my own music library? That is a win win!!"
76561198001504671,Recommended,270210,23150735,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,mgummelt,"A pretty cool idea: an infinite runner that procedurally generates a level based on your own music library.  Actually works pretty well - I find myself doing much better on levels generated from songs I know well.  Nice that it has many different difficulty settings (as well as a customizable one or a ""the game plays itself"" visualization mode).  Lots of visual mods for it as well as being easy to mod, itself (includes a mod tool to make it very easy to make your own characters and color themes).  Very full-featured, slick and relaxing.  And the game has as many levels as you have music in your library!  Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,270210,23145427,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rinera,"The game overall is a great way to do something while listening to your music, but it does require a bit of practise like any similar game.See the trailer? That's pretty much it with different difficulty levels that you can even mix up into your own Custom setting. Might need to play a bit with the calibration to get it to work for you but that doesn't take long.The overall presentation of the songs that I played was very enjoyable and I had a great time messing around with my music to see what they will generate. Things like jumps, slides, falls, SLOW falls (was awesome the first time I saw it honestly).Though the elephant in the room is whether the game can properly translate your music into gameplay. To that I say... yes and no. What I mean by that is that I found the game to be exactly what I expected it to be using various songs, which is either a mess that you need a lot of practise at higher difficulties to conquer, or a beat-by-beat stroll through colours that you get to enjoy for a bit and move on.However, I didn't think that was the game's fault. Even in games that try to be as accurate as possible like Guitar Hero, you need a lot of practise to truly appreciate it. You need to learn the exact timing that each button has to be pressed and need to play a track over and over again to memorise and master it. I am talking hours upon hours, not just a few songs and call it a day. Or just play at a lower difficulty that gets boring after a while.So yeah, it's a fun game overall, just don't expect to go in it and be able to master it in minutes."
76561198193983838,Recommended,270210,23145806,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Upla,extremely fun and cant get old!
,Recommended,270210,23161454,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DadeKuma,Really nice rithmic game. Must buy if you like the genre. Best played with a controller
,Recommended,270210,23146102,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,PSioN @sick,"In my opinion, Melody's Escape is a great game. It is kind of like audio surf but it feels more interactive and fun. It syncs up songs pretty well and the visuals are beautiful. The only issues in my opinion is how during playtime the stages feel a bit unfocused and blurry. It hurts my eyes and it would be great if the devs can fix it. Everything else about the game is great, and it is definitely worth the 10.99 to buy."
76561198061327106,Recommended,270210,23146385,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,SkinnierSteve,"Really good, well made game! I love it! It plays really well with your own music as well. Better than I expected. Also, if you feel like the game is not synced up to your music, you can calibrate the game in the options menu to make it sync up better, but so far I'm fine with the default synching. I'd say if you love music or guitar hero or both, then this game is a must have for you! This game is worthabuy! Sorry, been watching a lot of worthabuy videos on youtube, but yeah, it really is great and worth a buy if you are into music."
76561198203927112,Recommended,270210,23146619,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,geordie boy sam,This game is alot of fun to play and to add your own music is awesome i can tell i will be spending alot of my time on this game and it's at a really good price if you enjoy music rythem games then this is one for you
,Recommended,270210,23201742,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,OnlyThirtyTwoCharacters,"As long as there is music,This game will exist.9/10 ~Would like an update to change the color of the headphones."
,Recommended,270210,23180648,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,EmberSH,"Really good~ really enjoy it. Sometimes the buttons feel a bit unresponsive if there are too many symbols close together, but it only really causes a problem once you're playing intense.Very enjoyable to play and nice to have my music in the background. It's fun trying to guess which songs will be hardest, because it doesn't quite follow logic. My hardest song fo far was a slow one, whereas my more metal songs have a better flow.It may sound odd, considering the genre, but I really wish there were a story mode."
,Recommended,270210,23160434,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DanganBullet,"So Melody's Escape is a musical escape runner rythm game. Let me give you my personal list of pros and cons:Pros:-  Select your own musicThis is a great option since I love music. Music greatly determines a game's atmosphere, and if music is the main part of the game, I think it's even better. I think it's also great that the obstacle course of the level is determined by the beat of the song.- Customize your own character (in the ModStudio)The option to create your own character is always a good thing. I recommend to do this if you don't like the default black and white costumes in the game. Also, customizing your character is relatively easy.Cons:- Gameplay is repetitiveThe game is constantly mashing random buttons on your controller/keyboard, and if you play for too long, it can get boring. So it's recommended not to play the game for too long in order to prevent you from starting to hate the game- FPS problemTill now I'v had the warning that my FPS count has been too low. Now I haven't experienced any trouble, but I appreciate it if I could somehow fix this"
,Recommended,270210,9639044,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Gixxy,This is a guitar hero-like game that uses the music from your music library. It is a really fun game and very easy to use.
,Recommended,270210,9649184,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,igorkislyuk,"Guys its perfect game, when you need spend time, but don't want go in 'try harded' games, on the other hand, the customized dificulty appears here. U can refiel and enjoy. Also i recomended this game, because think its price can grows up soon. Good luck, dont waste money on other games, buy this..."
,Recommended,270210,9708389,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,JOYRIDE,"This rhythm game can get really fun. My only problem is that sometimes the buttons don't properly respond, but hey, it IS early access, so I can see past that."
76561198094868399,Recommended,270210,9729960,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Canadian Immigrant,"Very fun game, although when the blue notes come up I notice that I have to hit the key much early than the rest, but gameplay is fun, and it is interesteing to see what course your song makes. It is a fun game to play when you lose connection or whenever you feel. Very challangeing and difficult to get a perfect score. So with a its few gameplay bugs (blue notes) it is a fun ame but it can become very annoying with some of its timming for notes. I would rate this an 8/10, and would recommend this if you have freetime or if you lose connection."
,Recommended,270210,9735411,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ChineseCowBaby,"This is a very god game. I play it whenever I'm bored and want to listen to some music. It's like guitar hero, but it isn't. I enjoy how I can play any music on my computer. The new custom difficulty system really help when you want to learn how to improve your skills in this game. I suggest all new players to start on relazing difficulty and move on from there. Don't expect to be playing at hard difficulty on the first try."
,Recommended,270210,9737222,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,B1G 57UPH,this game is amazing. my only problem is that there is no practice mode so either i suck or my computer does but i cant figure out which
76561198033658958,Recommended,270210,9737741,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,DORWIN,"Fast paced, casual rhythm game. It's like a cross between DDR and DJMAX. At this point in development level creation is pretty seemless, even when the level generator hiccups. You use your own music which is a plus, but sometimes using your own music lends itself to problems. The best songs to use tend to be 1-2 minutes in length with a heavy beat or presence of beat. Heed this warning or you'll be constantly looking at the countdown clock or playing this game with musical ADD."
,Recommended,270210,9741410,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Loli King Kenji Setou,Listen to your music and hit floating dots.....BEST GAME: 10/10
,Recommended,270210,13275318,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,godof_moon34,"Just finished playing a 30 min soundtrack of some Runescape songs, would highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,270210,27362532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Whoisit1999,"A very great game. I must say, although most of the songs that are in the library are good it does get my attention sometimes. Now using your OWN music is mission impossible since some songs are more crazier in beat than the lyrics. I'm already seeing that after playing this game about a year or so. So a tip to others that are reading this: DON'T USE A CRAZY SONG THAT'LL BREAK YOUR FINGERS!"
76561198203833497,Not Recommended,270210,27358046,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Königin der Flammen,"It's okay. Kind of blurry on the eyes, and a few songs turn out interesting."
,Recommended,270210,27346177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zoone,Really love the visuals on this game.
,Recommended,270210,30928283,Posted: 3 April,all,🎃 Kiyoshiii 🎃,"So beautiful, it's not accurate on every song but when you hit that right song with the right sync, it's heaven! Total fun and amazing game!"
,Recommended,270210,30934537,Posted: 3 April,all,Frisky Paws™,Cute music game to pass the time.  A little buggy but still fun.
,Recommended,270210,27193773,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Arcade Heretic,"With Melody's Escape, I'm guaranteed a great time. Sure, it can be difficult to look at, but that's what makes it so cool."
76561198113852838,Recommended,270210,27414622,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gretel,"If you love Music,Running,Little bit action...I think you should buy this game."
,Recommended,270210,26817981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aiky,So i started playing Melody's Escape some time after it was put on early access and it is one of the few games that keeps me drawing back.+ Catchy Artstyle+ Melody+ Customization- Nothing i could think of this game does what is advertised
,Recommended,270210,27879729,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blind Angel,"Melody's Escape is a game that I can play for ages. I was really bad at first, and kept messing up but as soon as I had a rhythm down, it became miles easier. The game allows you to customize your appearance (the basic ones are very simple but you can get more in the steam workshop or make your own) which makes the experience nicer as you can decide the skin, hair and theme.The original songs that come with the game all have good beats, but the selection is very small so you will definitely want to find some more songs with good beats to play to! Although I find the audio detection software is a bit iffy when a song has an odd beat, it's over all pretty good!I don't know if this is just my laptop or not, but I find it lags a lot when it gets to moving very fast. That is my biggest issue with the game and there's not much in the way of graphics to help the frame rate."
,Recommended,270210,27603196,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Moukaba le Cruel,Best music game ever made. 10/10 Would buy it again
,Recommended,270210,27561844,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jacqueline Aerkhart,Great game after long day
,Recommended,270210,20141553,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,OniMau,I really love this game but it can hurt your eyes if you play it for to long. Also had trouble playing intense mode till I reverse the controls for the direction and colors. Wonder if being a lefty had anything to do with it...?
76561198073879987,Recommended,270210,18703009,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Erek,"Challenging and visually impressing rhythm game.If you are looking for a way to experience your music library in a new way, give this game a try!"
76561198192408483,Recommended,270210,27646089,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nevermore,Best rhythm game I've ever played.
,Recommended,270210,23148928,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MajorQ12,"Update:Now that the Steam Workshop for this game is in full bloom, the game is even more fun.  Now I can run across rooftops to music as Goku, Sonic the Hedgehog, Yang Shiao-Long, or three different versions of Faith from Mirror's Edge.  These are the kinds of mods the Steam Workshop was made for.  It may not seem like much, but there is something about running across rooftops to the RWBY soundtrack as Ruby Rose that makes the experience feel a bit more complete.Original Review:After playing for an hour, I can say this: it's incredibly simple, painfully difficult, and addictively fun.  Think of this game as a cross between DDR/Guitar Hero and any Runner game.  The levels are generated based on music from your PC, which is really cool, but it does work better with some songs than others.  Be warned: there is a massive spike in difficulty between the Relaxed and Medium settings, and some songs will be easier than others.  The level-generating algorithm is nothing too revolutionary, but it gets the job done, and on higher difficulties you'll be too preoccupied to care.  All-in-all, this is a lovely little game and a thoroughly enjoyable time-killer."
76561198136325906,Recommended,270210,28079101,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,shockdead_delirious,"Well, I've only been playing this for about an hour and I am already enjoying the game very much, though the motion blur my eyes are creating is a bit disorienting, XD.  The way the game is designed and the way it scans the audio is even better than one of the rhythm games on my mobile device, and I, like many others that have said this, recommend this to anyone that is a fan of these types of games, and even just someone looking for a game to interact with their favorite songs and bands.  Now, if only Mogwai didn't try to kill my eyes, haha!"
,Recommended,270210,30951270,Posted: 4 April,all,The Alcoholic Knight,"nice game!i love it, its nice and relexing.its much better than i expected.easy to costumize you character.and if you want your own music just select play and select the song you want, you can just select a mp3 or mp4 video from your pc (easy brows system  and it wil turn it in to a music game for you.i realy racomand to have this game in your collection.its money wel spend."
76561198097585422,Recommended,270210,28091531,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dyscordia,"Game runs well (ba dum tss), simple concept yet challenging at higher difficulties.Loving it, esp. for short play sessions, perfect for lunch breaks :D"
76561198098574979,Recommended,270210,28111112,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Thannap,Fun relaxing game to play if you love rythm games. Yet can be chalendging if you want it to be.
76561197972319820,Recommended,270210,28099884,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dorkish The Dork,"it's basically if Adiousurf and Undertale's Undyne fight had a baby, and the baby was really beautiful. 10 outta 10"
76561198103651459,Recommended,270210,24194621,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,GamerRedNeck,"When I first ""reviewed"" this game, I merely questioned its early access.  Now it's out as a finished product and somehow it got better.  Granted it still feels about the same, but the little changes, tweaks, and pre-packaged music show the love the devs had for this game.  And yeah, it's worth that love.  Go get it."
,Recommended,270210,24178315,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Joey the Spook Master,good♥♥♥♥♥♥good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,270210,24130227,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AKG,"Really sweet game. Gives a possibility to feel your favorite music deeper. Pretty challenging too, but doesn't take much of your time (unless you're hardcore achievement hunter). The game that can add even more action to your music listening sessions. :)"
76561198000775648,Recommended,270210,24110718,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Token Female [TSO],"I fell in love with this game pretty much instantly. I love rhythm games, and Melody's Escape is a really good one. It's a lot of fun, and it's absolutely gorgeous. The visuals aren't distracting, but I do spend a lot of time thinking ""wow this game is SO PRETTY"" while I'm playing."
76561198015326763,Recommended,270210,24124645,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AlienMushroom,"This is a really fun rhythm game.  I haven't tried with my own music yet, but the music that comes with it is good to play with."
76561198060002433,Recommended,270210,24097117,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Alictron,"Being a dancer this can be frustrating at times due to parts of the song you feel a slightly different grooveHowever it is highly addictive all the same.Colours a bright and contrasted well against the background, making it easy to readThe engine picks up on the rhythm/beat pretty well in most songs, and places the patterns in reasonable proximity to it.Would love to see this integrate with Spotify or Google Play Music, to give players a wider option of songsFor those looking for a challenge, I recommend trying some Zouk/Kizomba remixes (notable artists Calado, DJ Kakah, Nelson Freitas)"
01100100011000010,Recommended,270210,24461519,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Len Kagamine,"The game promises to be in sync with your music, Oh boy, It does that and more. The beats are perfectly in tune to the most odd of songs. Dont even get me started on the graphics and special effects either! This game is well worth the money to be able to be put into a trance of musical bliss.TL;DRGood."
76561198170850611,Recommended,270210,24361551,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Stardust,"This is a really awesome game, very addictive! I've tried playing many different songs from different genres and some fit the game more than others (this might be about personal taste in music rather than what suit the game). If you're thinking about buying this game: Do it! :)"
,Recommended,270210,30821029,Posted: 29 March,all,EthanAndLiamHD,simply addicting and fun to play. I love music and runner games :)
76561198138663044,Recommended,270210,24267380,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Varusa Shadowflame,This is a great game is you have some music downloaded to your computer and you need something to pass the time!
,Recommended,270210,24265080,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,XeroOl,Just got this game and it looks great! Love the provided songs!
,Recommended,270210,15642938,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,FutaNari,"[SEE BELOW FOR POST EARLY ACCESS UPDATE]A fun concept ruined by poor execution.PROS:-Simple attractive art style-Custom music choice-Steam Workshop allows extra visual customization-Simple gameplayCONS:-Horribly inconsistent framerate-Rhythm detection program not nearly as amazing as advertised-Button inputs can mess up-Button prompts are blurry in motionIt's another great rhythm game concept, in the same vein as Audiosurf, Beat Hazard, and Kick Beat (PS3/Vita), but it falls short. Granted, it is still Early Access, so it still has a chance to improve.The biggest issue is the framerate. Any song longer than about 2:30 min. will start to dip. Once the frames start dropping to below 50, things get jittery and the purpose of the rhythm game is rendered impossible due to mismatched timing between input and visuals. The input prompts also look blurry in motion, making the in-air prompts (circles with non-arrow directional graphics), very hard to read. Same goes for the obstacle prompts: They are arrows, but they're so small that the blurriness also makes them hard to read. If it weren't for the color coding, they'd be impossible to read in fast segments. In fact, some workshop items changes all the colors to a single one, making the game almost unplayable. My suggestion here would be to replace ALL the prompts with arrows large enough that they are clear even during fast segments.And the other huge issue -and really the biggest failure- is the rhythm detection program itself. Unless you're playing a very crisp clear dance number with strong steady beats, you're in for disappointment. Unlike Audiosurf, which was more of a obstacle-avoidance racing game that had difficulty based on music intensity, Melody's Escape tries to actually map out prompts to beats and rhythms. Sometimes it works (like dance music), other times it just looks like the game put a bunch of randomized prompts all over the place with little regard to the song. It's the same problem with any rhythm game that tries to read your music. When you see DDR or other AAA rhythm titles, their gameplay is always superior because each track is specially engineered; not just run through an algorithm.So until at least the graphical issues are addressed, I can't recommend this game to anyone.Post Early-Access Update:MUCH better! The frame rate plummeting that seemed to consistently happen in songs longer than 2:30-3 minutes is non existent now! The game now runs and responds much smoother.I still feel a bit disappointed by the rhythm detection software behind everything; still getting that odd feeling of just a bunch of random prompts regardless of how powerful the beat is on some songs, but it's still a fun experience!"
,Recommended,270210,23286394,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,AlabamaAngyl,"If you're looking for a game to bide your time with until the Steam Summer Sale, try out Melody's Escape. Part rhythm game, part side-scroller, and lots of fun. The great thing about it is that while the included music is great, you can use your own and it will make levels based on the music you use. It's what the new Amplitude should have been."
,Recommended,270210,19896440,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Misuzi,"Osu!Mania V2Strangely enough, playing this game improved blurry vision slightly."
,Recommended,270210,23287155,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Cloud Seifer,"When I first got this game, I wasn't expecting much and I thought it was overpriced to be honest. However, as soon as I loaded up the game and heard the epic menu music, I knew I was in for a treat. I found out how to play and gave the game a go on Medium with one of the included songs, and I was having the most fun I've had in a while trying to sync my keystokes with every beat. The included music in this game is great. It works seamlessly with the beat tracker, while also matching the overall theme of the game. I quickly became a believer in Melody's Escape, and I hope everyone will give it a chance before writing it off like I did, it's worth the price tag."
76561198096575879,Recommended,270210,25256586,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Gungnir,"These are some songs I found that work well with the game.  If you can find songs with similar sound to these you will get a lot more songs that sync very well.(Sorry for the lack of songs 80% of my personal libary is Swedish Death Metal witch doesn't work well with this game :(  )Ed Sheeran* The A Team (Koan Sound Remix)* Don'tNujabes* BattlecryHucci* LamboAlison Wonderland* RunAwolnation* Kill Your Heros* SailMinako ""mooki"" Obata* The World of MidnightBassnectar* Maximum (Bassnectar & ill.Gates remix)(feat. La Methode)Amon Amarth* Raise Your HornsPink Guy* FF And The CREW (doesn't sync well but its for kicks and giggles)Gorillaz* Clint Eastwood"
76561198278736429,Recommended,270210,25116455,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ehlouw22,Great fun!! reslly enjoyed game!
,Recommended,270210,25222335,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Doom101dan,"This game is The Best if not One of the best musical games i have ever played, so soothing with the splash of colors and re-playability! I vote game of the year :P"
,Recommended,270210,26174144,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sea-Bass,I can play Rap God in this game enough said
76561198273140506,Recommended,270210,26218886,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Elycia Kreiger,"A rather nice rythym game on the vein of DDR or Crypt of the Necrodancer.  Varying difficulty levels for those with better reflexes than I, or those that just wish to be a completionist.One good mark about it is that you can even play your own personal MP3s and MP4s for it, just as long as it's not a video.And it does a very good job of detecting the rhythm of the song you're playing."
76561198027996739,Recommended,270210,26132839,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,HellVein,"Great game great colors deversety (if you change songs) but only 1 minus (DON'T PLAY PANTERA SONGS BREAKS THE GAME) the game is made for songs with mostly the same Tempo in them so most Metal songs with too mutch deversety can't be played by the Rythm that is in the song . Still a great game played it for hours at a time , if there are some updates to the Rythm and tempo engines that'l be great ."
,Recommended,270210,26120055,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,[HUN] Mr. ZZ,Amazing gameplay and fun for any music style.
76561197980186686,Recommended,270210,26114195,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,TrueChicken,"That's a very fine piece of software!Sometimes the music interpreter get a bit lost, but I guess its very hard on some musics.The best music outcome I had was with: Cherry Lips by Garbage.Edit:Another fine music: Sobakasu, from Rurouni Kenshin"
,Recommended,270210,26125333,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,InachiSasuke,This game. I like it. ANOTHER
,Recommended,270210,26128474,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,newcworld001,"This is the best music game I've played so far. The rythme detection algorithm doesn't work perfectly with every song, but those that do are fantastic."
,Recommended,270210,25940797,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kenji,"It's a game I play when I want to take a break from other games as it is, for me, relaxing. Though the audio detection should be improved."
,Recommended,270210,26019690,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Pinkiceygirl,This is a truly amazing and fun way to play with your own music library. The audio detection works great with almost any songs to give you the best in sync obstacles to the music. It is also fun to simply watch it autoplay and visualize the music. A must buy for any music/rhythm game lover.
,Recommended,270210,26095200,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,♂Жизньнеимеетсм♂,>deathgrips10/10
76561197995784176,Recommended,270210,26096403,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nirvanus the Receiver,"I don't usually jump right out and review a game.If you don't own ""2112"", buy ""2112"" (seriously, great album, just do it.)Then play ""2112"" with this game.That was enough for me."
76561198141160142,Recommended,270210,26098725,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Akaito Shion,"My only complaint is that it makes me dizzy. But it's well worth it. A very enjoyable game tenouttaten. Very challenging but not too much so. I only have one question, what is Melody escaping from?"
,Recommended,270210,30937300,Posted: 4 April,all,Kevin,"It was £2, I had 9, i wanted a good rhythm game, i tried this, i dont regret it, absolutely amazing. I'd just like to suggest adding the key bit of the song u just played into the ending sequence where u get the score, then it'll feel like a modern mario dance dance revolution type game, DOPE GAME"
,Recommended,270210,27302363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jacky ♡,｡°  🎀  𝐵𝑒𝓈𝓉 𝒢𝒶𝓂𝑒 𝐵𝓎 𝐹𝒶𝓇 𝐼 𝒫𝓁𝒶𝓎𝑒𝒹 𝐼𝓃 𝒜 𝒲𝒽𝒾𝓁𝑒.   🎀  °｡
,Recommended,270210,27319864,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,L0m1s_,Great game
,Recommended,270210,27060743,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZaCuDa3,Melody's Escape = best own Music Game with Keyboard
76561198150196318,Recommended,270210,23193012,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,dthrenn,I played this game with YV's theme.It really emphasized the point that YV doesn't need (no) bread.10/10 Would emphasize agian.
,Recommended,270210,23192351,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"I've tried it for a bit and it is quite good. The synchronisation and automatic level generation is decent, although it is sometimes not perfectly timed. However, it is good enough most of the time and the game is what you would expect a game for this price to be. You probably won't play it for hundreds of hours but it's one of those games that are fun to play from time to time when bored and for that price, it's definitley worth it.The closest game that I've played that this can be compared to would be audiosurf. The gameplay itself is very different but it works on a similar concept that it uses your music library to generate levels. As I said previously, it is not perfect, but it is good enough. It gets more fun when playing with faster music, such as the Payday 2 OST."
,Recommended,270210,23296644,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Faze Booce,"7/10, however, I would recommend to buy this at any price under 10$.Melody's Escape is pretty basic in terms of game content. What it doesn't lack is creativity. The game can take any song on your computer, and basically uses different atributes (tempo, energy peaks, rhythm) to create a procedurally generated obstacle course. Like I said, thats about all it does, but it certainly preforms well.Personally, I admire the software that must have been written by the devs to create such a nice generating system.The game also runs very smoothly, even if I play on my laptop."
,Recommended,270210,23302754,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,nichii,"I saw this game recently and it reminded me of Audiosurf. I'm a big fan of games that incorporate your music into the gameplay. This is my favorite game at the moment and I can easily spend hours playing it. It has multiple difficulties and the intense difficulty isn't impossible, but isn't easy either. It offers a good challenge and is quite fun.My only complaints are that it doesn't have Last FM integration and there are no online scoreboards. This game is still new though and I hope they'll be added in a future update. Overall, this is an excellent game and I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of music."
76561198083353689,Recommended,270210,23143105,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[       ],If this can't be called Goof Game i know nothing and there is no good games at all. This game makes your music time shine by new way - load your favorite tracks and enjoy not only the sound but action. By the way music that comes with the game are perfect too.
,Recommended,270210,23144350,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tacos,"I've had an awesome time with this game. I have an extremely extensive music library of electronic music and it's been really fun trying out different genres and styles with this game. The BPM detection system is surprisingly quite accurate. Even when it can't detect the BPM it reads the audio peaks and places the notes accordingly, which is often times still very effective. The customization options are limited, but it's not a big deal at all.It's only fair I list a few complaints to balance out the review, so I'll say that if you don't know anything about BPM and various genres' BPM standards, then your play experience isn't going to be as enjoyable. A song's difficulty is more often than not linked directly to the BPM of the song you're playing, so it's no fun imputting random songs without knowing that all your nightcore music is going to be very difficult. This also means that if the game incorrectly reads the BPM in thirds, which it sometimes does, then the track is basically unplayable. I've also had an unusual glitch with the game stuttering every once in a while, disorienting me and causing me to miss a few notes, but this happens pretty rarely.The game also determines difficulty based on ""overall intensity,"" meaning that genres like trap music tend to have rather lack-luster levels designed for them as the game doesn't read the drops as anything important. If your song has vocals then the game prioritizes the vocals assuming they're the most intense part of the song and focuses on building the pattern around the singer rather than the song, which isn't necessarily a bad thing depending on the kind of music you listen to. It helps to have a lot of music to experiment with, otherwise you might find yourself disappointed with how the game reads the few songs you have.I wish I'd found out about this game sooner, as the beta's been playable for over 2 years. It's lightweight so it shouldn't strain anyone's PC too bad, but even if you can't run it in 60 frames there are graphical adjustments in the menus. It's got great controller support so I've been straining my thumb mashing buttons to all my drum & bass music.10 dollars can seem a little pricey to anyone who might only enjoy the game for a few days before the novelty wears off, but if this looks like something you'll frequently come back to then I would definitely recommend it. This is honestly the best rhythm game I've found on steam, as far as audio detection and overall involvement goes. If you're still unsure about the purchase, then look up some gameplay on youtube. There's a ton of different songs that people have recorded themselves playing so you can get a feel for how the game's audio detection works."
,Recommended,270210,23277796,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Deathrose47,"Pretty fun game and works well with my Xbox One controller, the concept alone to me makes this worth checking out but I picked it up on sale so you might want to do the same if your unsure."
,Recommended,270210,23200615,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bliddy Mcdiddy Binny,-Played a bunch of House and 80's Synth Pop on Intense.-This is too easy-Load up some Death Metal-I can handle Overload no problemo.-Hit 10 notes out of 347 obstacles.-Quit out and switch to Medium and vow to never try anything above 150 bpm again.10/10
,Recommended,270210,23243906,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,not streaming rn,"BUY THIS GAMENow i'm gonna tell you whyThis is a musical game that you can play with a Xbox/ps4 controller , it automatically matches the music you put in and makes a map sync with the notes ! (also have a competent workshop)It's also challenging and you feel that you get betterHours of fun going on her.      Here a closer look on what looks like a map made by the system !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILg2z2zZs8I"
,Recommended,270210,23186644,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Wind=D.C.S=Mallard,"A good game for wasting your time.You can play as long as you have your favourite music in your computer,But don't expect too much from audio detector it's kinda random sometimes."
76561198186688537,Recommended,270210,23186833,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,RoadkillDove,"Catchy, fun, nice graphics. The big + is for being able to choose your own music.Would buy again~"
76561197968836514,Recommended,270210,23253389,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DeanVollo,"This game is a lot of fun to play with the songs it offers alone, and the fact that you can play with your own songs makes it even better. It does mess up every once and a while with timing, but since it's computer generated, you can't blame them.By the way, if you want a challenge, play Weird Al Yankovic - Polka Power."
,Recommended,270210,30784657,Posted: 27 March,all,AngryAlexShow,Such a nice and relaxing game. It takes awhile to get good. Anyone have good music that I can use in this game?
76561198117122422,Recommended,270210,23118469,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BlackCrow,"I bought this game while it was in early access, and it was good then. For those who  enjoy guitar hero and rockband, you may like this. One good thing is that instead of having a set cache of songs, it delves into your music library and you can play any song you have.9/10"
,Recommended,270210,23303669,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Cruel Phoenix,This is the best rythimic music game i have came across so far. Splendid graphics and gameplay ...the ingame music are just awesome just playing this game makes me feel like i am out of this world . Must try for those who loves music . Also u can play any other music of your choice with it. I just love this game .Buy this guys you wont be dissapointed !!!
76561198060371125,Recommended,270210,23342753,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mystic,"If you are a music lover like myself or love audiosurf but want something less intense definetly add this to your librarya very nice endless runner that goes with your musicit has workshop so its very customizablespeaking of workshop, there is a program in the local files called ModStudio so its much easier to make mods (i made a couple myself)a modern version of the ps1 game 'Vib-Ribbon""sweet free music (with pre-made maps)NOTE: i bought this game when it was early access and since then they have made a lot of improvments, but the audio detection is still a bit off but nothing game breaking in my eyesas far as i know there is no way to make song maps so maybe this could be a feature in the future by using a program like ModStudio or osu's bitmap maker that will be more amazing (i know i would spend hours on it like osu)wow i spent over a day on this game ._."
,Recommended,270210,24429066,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,TheAquilaSamurai,"Really good rhythm game that wonderful animation and colours as well as adapting rather well to your own music. With a mod studio aand instructions included in the game's folder it's easy to see how the steam workshop for this game is filled with amazing skins that allow you to run as some of your favourite characters hopefully.Got rather good at the game on intense difficulty, so thought I'd try overload......seems I forgot my ladder to  over the huge difficulty step there :P Luckily I'm currently using the custom difficulty tool to make the difficulty increase a bit more manageable."
,Recommended,270210,24721030,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rubeye,This is the best music game ever played.10/10
,Recommended,270210,24715801,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,nunbskull,This game is one of the best games I have ever played.  The art style is beautiful and captivating you can really just lose yourself in the game.
,Recommended,270210,24690587,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ChickenDairy,fantastic game10/10 would tell friends and family to play gamealso if you dont have any music it comes withs some good songs already loaded!
,Recommended,270210,24687305,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,maxy.b,"Melody's Escape is basically my ideal sort of rhythm game. It's extraordinarily good at identifying beats in songs uploaded to it, it's rarely unfair at as high as intense difficulty, and its achievements encourage you to try to achieve perfection not by playing the same songs over and over, but rather by trying to have blind runs on as few as a hundred tracks to carve you into the twitchy music-loving behemoth that this game desires.Also it's real pretty and has some great character designs available in the steam workshop."
,Recommended,270210,24700882,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"If you have bad reaction, don't get this game LOL. It's really fun though."
,Recommended,270210,24473299,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DelKatey,"The music detection algorithm used is pretty accurate most of the time, far more than most other music rhythm games that also allows you to play your own songs, on other platforms, like Android, PSP, etc.Melody's Escape also supports FLAC as well, which is somewhat uncommon currently, which is a plus, if you like to store lossless music files."
,Recommended,270210,24550318,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kleedrac,Do you like Bit Trip Runner?  Wanna play it to far better music than the bundled-in techno?  GET THIS GAME!  Seriously it's far better than AudioSurf in a few ways (not that AudioSurf was a bad game) and it's just a ton of fun!
,Recommended,270210,24637762,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Picks 'n' Kicks (Terrum),"https://youtu.be/DQ9TwHom_vcAfter Melody's Escape leaving Early Access, I decided to give the game a second try - seeing as during the first months of its release it gave me eye sores worse than any other game predictable. As of now it does look like there's been a lot of improvement made as well as community suggestions to the visuals that cause eye strain to lots of players including myself. It definitely helps to have a 120+hz monitor or to enable/disable any sort of vsync features possible. Other features such as slow-mo and other eyecandy visuals have also been added since!Anyway onto the real part of my review - Melody's Escape is a fantastic DDR alternative for your computer with the incredible ability to use your own songs! There are a few different difficulties you can choose when opening the game so you can play a super relaxing game to just enjoy the visuals and hit one button, or go full intense mode and hit more than one key at the same time! (A controller is heavily recommended for the much higher difficulties - past medium, perhaps)Overall for the price you're paying, Melody's Escape is a fantastic game if you're into DDR-related games, and has incredible modability, to the extent of being able to use a whole different mascot if you wanted! Worth a buy - highly recommended!"
,Recommended,270210,24604615,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Dylan,The best music-based game I've ever played especially with all of the songs I have downloaded. Highly recommend buying it.
,Recommended,270210,24531709,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ekura123,it was great listening to my favourite music while playing thissuper addictive9/10 because i think i didnt get a tutorial
,Recommended,270210,23108999,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Blabbercat,This game is amazing and a lot of fun ^-^ one of my favorite ways to listen to music.
76561198029753741,Recommended,270210,23109016,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,darth_hob,"This game is very good, as it gives you a way to interact with your music. Some may see having to use your own music to make levels as a negative, but No soundtrack will make everyone happy and at least using your own tracks means you will always be able to find a few good songs to play though or for some of us a lot of songs, unless you hate your own taste in music?"
,Recommended,270210,23109335,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Anema86,"Melody's Escape is great, but it has two enormous problems.The only things really hindering it are that there is no reason the controls should be split between being displayed in the air and being displayed on the ground. It violates every instinct to be required to press up even though the icon telling you to press up is BELOW the last one you had to press. Similarly, when the icon is to the left of the slide indicator, every instinct in the body screams ""Anything but right,"" but the placing of the arrow on the slide has absolutely no relation to what button is actually required. It's really hard to describe how jarring that is. But these two problems MUST be fixed. A streamlined approach is needed--such as having all the button inputs being in the air or on the ground, and having the ""Hold Right"" indicator being redesigned so that the right arrow is actually on the right side... How these flaws made it through testing, I don't know. The game is great, but these two things are huge hindrances and will be responsible for 80% of the missed notes.A smaller problem (which may be mentioned somewhere on the store page, I don't know) is that playing any song that isn't 4/4 is really hit-and-miss. It handled Tool's ""Right in Two"" (11/8 timing) very well, but practically fell apart under A Perfect Circle's ""Judith"" (6/8 timing). It also had issues with some 4/4, like with Korn's ""No Way,"" but handled Pink Floyd's ""Have a Cigar"" beautifully.The main problem is with the interface, though... Every human instinct is to press down when the next button is actually positioned lower horizontally than the last button you pressed, and every human instinct is to press left when the indicator is on the left side of the bar that indicates the button needs to be held."
,Recommended,270210,23109512,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,DJ Khaled,"You can chose your own music. My ♥♥♥♥ing fingers are literally aching. I suggest you use a gamepad, but that's just my personal opinion"
,Recommended,270210,23110704,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mem,10/10
,Recommended,270210,23152015,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,JHod,"As some other people have mentioned, this game's algorithms only detect 4/4 time signature songs with fairly steady tempos.  So any song that has changing tempos or odd time signitures (and I'm a prog rock fan... *sigh*) tends to get rather loose and screwy.  However, even with that said, this game has a style and a groove that keeps you playing.  Even on some of my experimental music pieces, the 'course designer' has functioned well enough, producing something that was vagely like the 'shape' of the song, although the fact that I knew the music meant I anticipated some of the beats as the game quantized the locations to another time.  However, it was still a fun ride.  I'm still having quite a bit of difficulty handling a well known 4/4 piece on hardcore, so the difficulty can be there, but just cruising on medium feels very relaxing and almost medatative.I intend to keep playing, and heartily recommend it to any fan of AudioSurf 1 or 2."
,Recommended,270210,23152281,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Demetory,"I have so much experience working like a charter on Osu, Rock Band Network and ERDTV.This game have potential, but we need the right tools to enjoy with a more synced songs."
,Recommended,270210,32826702,Posted: 26 June,all,Mouse,A really fantastic and relaxing game. I love loading it up for a few songs in between a bunch of thought intensive tasks. The visuals are really beautiful and mesh well together.Bought this game on a whim and have absolutely zero regrets.
76561198129433641,Recommended,270210,32790588,Posted: 25 June,all,bruceavenged,Good game for wasting time and great you can upload any song to for a nice challenge...Dragonforce!
76561198144940394,Recommended,270210,32746114,Posted: 24 June,all,✴Arutairu✴,Best indie game of the year for me with Wallpaper Engine also best low cost unlimited fun!!!
76561198009559597,Recommended,270210,32875394,Posted: 27 June,all,Cazzu,i always wanted to be a rythmic space lady 10/10 would buy again!
,Recommended,270210,32909754,Posted: 27 June,all,Etharomea,Fun and challenging. It may not work well with some music.
76561198212407900,Recommended,270210,32888272,Posted: 27 June,all,peytongarrett75,"This game is really fun, especially if you have an experience with rhythm games. It also places you in an environment where you have to guide Melody, which I think is pretty cool."
,Recommended,270210,32900317,Posted: 27 June,all,Yellow Scuut,"This music based game is very good and i never get bored in this.The Workshop submissions makes it better, customizing Melody to a complete different character or appearance."
,Recommended,270210,32939611,Posted: 28 June,all,Swappy,Simply an amaaazing concept came to life..where were you all this time <3This shows how some simple games can be soooo enjoyable if done right!
76561198191108955,Recommended,270210,32663900,Posted: 22 June,all,H.Quinn,nice game
,Recommended,270210,32672114,Posted: 23 June,all,Whoppah!,Gets a bit repetitive and some of the custom songs are a bit out of rythm. 8/10
,Not Recommended,270210,32782300,Posted: 25 June,all,Casual Banana,"No matter what song, what artist, or even what genre i try, the ""rhythm"" part of this rhythm game fails from start to finish, making it unplayable for me.That or my music tastes are just that orthodox."
,Recommended,270210,32800365,Posted: 25 June,all,y000y,"I picked this up on the Summer Sale after having had my eye on it for awhile, thought I might play it a little instantly played an hour.  I stink at it, but that is not the games fault, just my bad rythem.  In any case I would recomend this game as a fun little rythem game."
,Recommended,270210,32776421,Posted: 25 June,all,Thias Light,"I don't even know how I got this game or where it came from. I found it in my steam library last night and was intrigued by the name. No regrets! I'm terrible at rhythm games, but relaxed mode is amazing. The bundled music sucks me in and I find myself easily losing track of time. I even managed to calibrate it to work on my laptop (even if the keys are a bit worn). Thanks for designing this!"
76561198178309739,Recommended,270210,32959072,Posted: 28 June,all,Az'ri,"Okay, I got this game becasue one of my friends has it! It was super worth it too! I love that you can add your own songs!"
,Recommended,270210,33100198,Posted: 1 July,all,duranblue,"Simple yet challenging and very stylish rythm game.I ended up buying a handful of my favorite vocal trance songs off google play as extra levels right after my first 10 minutes of playing, and I never ever buy music a la cart :P. I'd highly recomend this game to anyone who enjoys music, and if you have a giant file of music lying around, even better.On a personal note, I picked this up in the Steam Summer Sale after I came home from work feeling anxious and worked up for no particular reason, and playing on relaxing with some mellow trance helped tremdously in getting calmed down and off to bed."
,Recommended,270210,33080751,Posted: 1 July,all,IAmNotALemon,love it
76561198017333702,Recommended,270210,33078665,Posted: 1 July,all,GATOR,"PROIt's amazingly simple, fun and addictive! It's your average rhythm type with plenty of colors. It's a great game to play when you don't feel like playing something hardcore or looking to unwind. The bundled music is great and there's steamworkshop mods that change the character model and the game's color schemeCONI don't think It's worth the 10$ however, pick it up on sale or sell some sticker packs or something. Get it on discount :D"
76561198160495524,Recommended,270210,33117937,Posted: 1 July,all,DARK RABBIT,so funny
,Recommended,270210,33039954,Posted: 30 June,all,Victorique de Blois,The best game to play and listen your music!
,Recommended,270210,33023782,Posted: 29 June,all,FOOS™,"There's nothing more satisfying than nailing a tough chain during the climax of a song and watching Melody fly :DI have been playing rhythm games for years, specializing in Rock Band and Guitar Hero, and this game immediately took a spot on my favorites list.  You can essentially play an infinite amount of tracks, limited only to your ability to acquire music.  The track generator is usually solid, but some songs do provide better experiences than others.  I have a list of well-generated content that I will (hopefully) update as I play more :D  It seems this game is geared towards EDM, and I have yet to try other genres (looking forward to trying metal, lol).If you are a fan of rhythm games and EDM, this is a no brainer.  Also, use a controller with rumble if possible, it makes the experience much more satisfying :)List of Well-Generated TracksSpag Heddy - Gypsy ThugZedd Ft. Foxes -  Clarity (Brills Remix)Skrillex & Diplo - Holla Out feat Snails & Taranchyla (except for the ending, edit it out if you can lol)Yellow Claw - Shotgun ft. RochellePegboard Nerds - Pink Cloud (feat Max Collins)Blasterjaxx & DBSTF feat Ryder - Beautiful World (D-Block & S-Te-Fan Remix)Allison Wonderland - Take it to Reality ft. Safia"
76561198002332031,Recommended,270210,24062992,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Billy the Kid [DG],I love it. Got it for 50% off. Would pay full price. It even accepts my music videos as well as my mp3.Highly recomended for a time killer or just for fun.9.5/10
,Recommended,270210,24067636,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ahzanti,"Love it, if you like games like Guitar Hero, or other beat games, you will love this.  It is very pritty visualy, and harder then you may think it is."
76561198075939220,Recommended,270210,24067765,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,red pandaren,"Hopefully there's an option to slow down the speed of the visual animations in the future (how fast obstacles moved while she is running etc.).  Really loved the game but my eyes hurt like hell and teared up after a few minutes, and I have played similar games in the past without a problem.  Maybe I'm just getting old now but everything is passing by a bit too fast and too much continuous fast motion like this is definitely not good for the eye."
76561198107035253,Recommended,270210,23957059,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,"""iNViNCiblezX",THIS game is really cool music game.Make listening to music way more interesting.Need some extra stuff like objective and maybe some story though.amazing game anyway.I recommend buy it on sale.
,Recommended,270210,23940244,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SilentDistractions,"This game is really fun! I got it to relax to...something to do while enjoying music or just to zone out for a bit. And it got better after I realized I could change the colors via the workshop (there is an executable that makes this super easy) since as a colorblind person, I can't distinguish the default colors easily, making it much harder to react."
,Recommended,270210,23943618,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ashlaid,"So this game is really awesome. I love that it uses the music you have on your computer so you can have a very diverse music selection. I also love the colors, it's a very visually pleasing game."
,Recommended,270210,23884220,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,richip,Easy to learn. Extremely engaging. Can be as easy or as difficult to play as you want it to be. Nice that you can play to your own song. Supports SteamOS/Linux (nuff said). Highly recommended.
76561198025505568,Recommended,270210,23766392,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ZeroKing,fun to play and add your own music to it!
,Recommended,270210,23796705,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,namowrepus,"I'm hooked.  I found it in the discovery queue and I knew immediately I had to have it.  If you make more of these, I will be buying them."
,Recommended,270210,23848847,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LongBoneGrunter,"Absolutely brilliant.What can I say, this game caught my eye and I thought it was more of a gimick.After figuring out where my I tunes library was located, this game has me hooked.  Many hours will be lost listening to my favorite songs and playing this game.  I hesitate to compare it to rockband, but yeah a little.  However if you compare it to rockband, its rockband with YOUR music.Easy to learn, hard to master, all in all my favorite game this summer sale!"
,Recommended,270210,23849298,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lautmann,"I like music. I enjoy playing instruments and tapping on desks to a beat pounding in my head. I like the few rhythm games I've played in the past, such asAudioSurfandits sequel.If you like music in many ways, this is a pretty good game.Also, the music bundled with it is pretty good."
,Recommended,270210,23851777,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kya,"I really love this game!Its very addicting and fun to play! The beats are also very accurate. Its challenging as well, which is always a welcome trait to a game! I highly recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of rhythm games. Its definitely a worthwhile purchase. Plus the creator is very helpful should you have any problems with the game. They're quick to reply and eager to assist.Definitely a great game. :)"
,Recommended,270210,23846306,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hope,"Very relaxing game and a surpising good tempo beat sensing. This game also offers many diffrent ways to change the layout and how your character ""melody"" looks along with lots of other mods in the workshop. I would recommend this game to those who aren't hardcore OSU palyers unless you want relaxing gameplay. Great game 10/10 would buy again."
76561198044910177,Recommended,270210,23823772,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lethal.Hamster,so i got this game today and tbh its a fantastic game very plaseing to the eye fantastic sound and fun to play but also has a decent difficulty to challing you.must buy if you love this type of game 10/10
76561198021837454,Recommended,270210,23835829,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,You there! Do you like rythm games that run on your music?Do you like side scrollers?Do you like sexy monochrome girls with no face and color changing hair?Do you wish you could have all three of those rolled into one?Then I have two words for you: Melody's Escape.The good:-Nice visuals-lots of action-Steam workshopCons:-What the hell is a purple color button!?-Sometimes doesn't pick up on colors-Beware steam workshop color schemes!
,Recommended,270210,23837739,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MissSimone,OMG. This Game is soooo AWESOME! You can play the music from the Game OR FROM YOUR COMPUTER! AND THE STEAM WORKSHOP IS SO PERFECT! THIS IS MY GAME <3
76561198135411016,Recommended,270210,23812239,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Winter,"This game is amazing for a rhythm gamer like myself. It lets you choose a lot of customization with Melody from the workshop. Without it, it still has some good customization options.I would reccomend this game to anyone that enjoys music oriented games. A controller is a easier way to go but I personally prefer the keyboard.This game has never failed to sync with my music correctly.Overall this game is amazing to a rhythm gamer.I have 10 hours on this game and it's the second day i've had it."
76561198029067401,Recommended,270210,23122150,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Prifddinas,"Very simple game, very relaxing. If you have a few monies to spend and like rhythm games, I'd recommend this game to you. Also, if you're really feeling like you hate your hands, you can play an hour long mix of your own and the game will make a map out of it. But honestly, It's fun, soothing, and you only need some music and some hand-eye coordination to play this game. Also, steam workshop."
76561198005740239,Recommended,270210,23176801,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,GreenHorns,Best Beat action by far!!Try Baki's OST got best beat detection in it and awesome training skills await u!Red alert 2 same effect ! great beats to run and duck!
,Recommended,270210,23176832,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Slovv_Motion,"Played Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins.""you gotta take it up as HIGH AS YOU CAN GOOOOOOOOOO"" was a really long left key resulting in a flight sequence upwards.10/10 will play this a lot."
76561198071319685,Recommended,270210,23183651,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,vinx.909,"This was a big an impulse buy as you can get, it was on sale, it was cheap, and it looked cool with some good music, so I bought it.Didn’t regret it for a second. This game is amazing, a whole new meaning to playing music (yes, this is my first rhythm game so take what I say with a grain of salt). for the longest time my problem with listing music what that I grew bored when I did nothing else, and it was an annoyance when doing something else (most of the time) so this helps amazingly with listening music.It is also a perfect case of easy to learn, hard to master. I am playing on normal. Just 4 buttons, up, left, right and down. . If you get songs that has to obstacles a second it becomes freaking hard. I am currently doing ok with around 100 per minute and that covers most songs I have, and I don't listen to slow songs. I have seen that harder difficulties throw even more at you.I also really like the idea behind it. It really operates on listing to music logic. Or the kind of logic of imagining running on the terrain next to a car while driving one. Really the feeling of diving into the music.I also really love how you don't run faster if the music goes faster. Your character might be running, but obstacles approach at the same speed no matter what how big the music is or how fast the music is. It is just that obstacles are closer to each other. This might not sound big unless you have played some stupid phone games where you can't have a feel for how fast things approach because it constantly changes.And the obstacles are also amazing. They feel ""right"", if you know the music you can almost predict them.The game can only detect 4/4 rhythm. I am surprised how good it is at that. I don't listen to normal music a lot but it doesn't have a lot of problems finding the rhythm in it. and when I doesn't it goes for ""energy peeks"" while not as good it is still great, and this also means there won't be any music it can't play.Loading a song will just take a couple seconds. I really have a hard time finding any flaws with it. The biggest problem I have is with the file structure, but that has nothing to do with the game and only with how my my music folder is set up.In the end, a great rhythm game with the best music in the world, the music you like. now go buy it!"
76561198126028228,Recommended,270210,23177407,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,khotasanchez,"I would just like to take some time off of playing this game to write a review on how amazing I consider it to be.Now, don't get me wrong, the game is not perfect but it is VERY entertaining and VERY adictive. (Especially if you have a large music library.)I love how endless the possibilities are. Not only with the music, but with the custom skins and color schemes (visit the workshop, I recommend it to make your experience even better.)No, the game does not get every song perfectly synced bu to be honest, I don't care.I love music and before this game I would kill time simply listening to music and scroling through some meme page. Now I can keep myself entertained with something more immersive and based on my passion.The visuals are AMAZING. Simple, but good. (Especially with downloaded color packs)Character models are endless if you browse the workshop.I could talk all day about this game because I truly love it, I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys music and runner games. It combines those 2 things flawlessly.10/10 Would buy again."
76561198113419854,Recommended,270210,23177731,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[ZSU] Zisty,"Amazing game, mad rep for who ever plays this on the hardest difficulty..."
,Recommended,270210,23207348,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,My Kneecaps Are Fire Intolerant,Really beautiful game!Getting your first perfect chain on intense is probably the most exhilarating moment ever.I simply can't get enough of this gameI definitely recommend it to any and all who enjoy this genre of gaming:o)
76561198141181043,Recommended,270210,23373837,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,imthemango,"Sometimes the obstacle placement seems a little sketchy, but overall it's a really nice and simple game. I'm not too fond of the default color preset, but the game makes everything fairly easy to customize."
76561198067182404,Recommended,270210,23543068,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Juggz,"Play any music you want in a almost guitar hero esc game that involves running into stuff if you suck, sign me up!"
,Recommended,270210,9983159,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Moonhera,"Beautiful game, wonderful things. Some music, has such a challenging tempo! Its so fun and addicating"
,Recommended,270210,23802933,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,X_Pilot,"It works with No♥♥♥♥♥♥like Horse♥♥♥♥♥♥and all songs from the Pepper Coyote album, Blast Radius.10/10 would play No♥♥♥♥♥♥like Horse♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,270210,23801741,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cyberpink,"Coming from somebody who is really bad at rhythm games, this game was a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun going through my library and experimenting. Now, my taste in music is pretty varied, I like a little bit of everything, but I do tend to lean towards electronic and pop music which I do think this game works best with. BUT I did try some music by Tool, A Perfect Circle, and Fall Out Boy (Last one was for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles) and it seemed to do it's level-generating business well with those too. I bring this up because other reviews said that this game only works with pop music and... well, I haven't played any black metal or anything, but I didn't notice any failings with a harsher music selection either? You're just gonna have to experiment a little to find what works I guess.For those of you like me who are pretty bad at rhythm games but still want to play this lovely little gem, here are a few songs that was able to play on medium without wanting to scream:1. Loves Me Not - T.a.T.u2. The Gun Song - Aryia3. When I'm With You - Mystery Skulls4. Cut Your Teeth - Kyla la Grange5. REALiTi - Grimes"
,Recommended,270210,23608596,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jeteye,"A fun little game with a good bit of heart. You can tell the developer but a lot of love into this one and while it won't set the world on fire, its a fun game to relax with. If you want a fun little game that's well polished, this is a good one."
76561198195102297,Recommended,270210,23115576,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Maxisagay,"Just the fact that I can now play a rythem based game with my own music, beautiful design and lots of great workshop content earns Melody's Escape a solid place as one of my favorite casual games. I love it!"
,Recommended,270210,17077729,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,풍선껌 Serenity,"One of the best music synchronisation games on steam, what more is there to say"
76561197971724038,Recommended,270210,23117494,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Soulbane,10/10But now I have really bad vision...
,Recommended,270210,23090411,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DarkShadow,"tl;dr: Fantastic and fun music platformer, great visuals, responsive controls, various difficulties to suit all players, and great alternative to Audiosurf. 10/10Having played the early access versions as early as version 0.8.2, had found the game to be a bit laggy from the earlier versions, but have found this game to get better and better with every new version, and now at the time of writing this, it's at version 1.0.0, and there's no problems to report so far.This is a great rhythmic music platformer game suitable for anyone to play to either challenge themselves or just chill out while playing. Serves as a great alternative to anyone who has played these types of games before (e.g. Audiosurf).Visualsare smooth and colourful without being too intense so that you can barely see what to press (based on using the default colour scheme, your experience may vary depending on the colour scheme chosen), and the game allows you to customize what visual styles to use including Melody's appearance and the colour scheme, which custom ones can be downloaded from the Steam Workshop.Controlsare very responsive, not much else to say other than there is very little lag. This game includes a calibration option which can adjust audio and video latency which can help reduce input lag, have found this very useful as I had noticed some latency issues and calibrated it, now it works and feels much better.Soundis great as you'd expect, obviously this depends on the music formats, bitrates, etc. you use when playing them, but regardless have had no issues with it.Difficultyis highly adjustable to suit your needs, you can choose either from the presets (relaxing, medium, intense and overload) or make a custom one where you can choose like what buttons are used, the input timing window, the tempo adjustments and more.Gameplayis easy to get to grips of, simply press the buttons shown in rhythm to the music, and you progress through the obstacles. Depending on the music intensity and difficulty, there will be slow and very fast movement moments. If you don't make an error such as pressing the wrong button at the wrong time, go into an obstacle or miss a button, you'll earn a higher score multiplyer and higher chain, obviously making an error will reset these. Score rating is measured by the 5 heart symbols, the better you do, the more hearts you'll earn, and if you finish without making any errors, you'll earn 5 gold hearts.Insummary, this is a great music platformer with wonderfully looking visuals, high customizability, good controls, great gameplay, and well balanced difficulties. Would recommend to anyone looking to play a game with their music for fun or to challenge themselves to the rhythms.10/10"
76561198213811593,Recommended,270210,23007989,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,✧ŋąơɱąƙı✧,"I really like it how I can play any of the songs i downloaded on my pc on the game and i get to use a controller for it. Its a really fun game when you get use to it. On every different song you put on the song list, it renders a different course for the song."
,Recommended,270210,23059094,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,modegeek,"It is a nice change of pace to play this inbetween games or if you want something calming to distract you. You get to use your own music on your computer to play the game through, which is great. Good Distraction."
76561198243029078,Recommended,270210,23121321,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Octodonorian,"This game is a great way to listen to your favorite music, while doing some sort of thing to make yourself believe you are being productive. My wife and I bought it unknowingly, and now we are going to die playing this stupid game.The fact that I can change the main character to anyone I want, and I can decide what music goes into the game, means that I will never tire of this game. My tombstone will read ""up up up down left right right up down down right"", and for some reason, I am okay with that.Well, I'm off to procrastinate homework, lose my job and friends, and mutually get ignored/ignore my wife while we play this numbing vocoloidish escape from reality, fueled by mountain due, sausages, and tylanol from turning it up to 11.Goodbye free time.Goodbye grades.Buy it."
76561198094456888,Recommended,270210,23152694,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,AngelsTwilight,"I really like what this game represents.Its like, the music you put in, makes you escape reality where you enter the song itself.You have to navigate the song to truely escape reality.Once the song is over, the song's environment is aswell, so you return to reality.The reason you play again is because you feel as though maybe there is another song, in the 200+ you have, that will truely allow yourself to escape reality.Freaking love these Developers."
76561197992866982,Recommended,270210,21670190,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,El Jefe,"When I read that this game let you use your own music files, I was intrigued. After playing it, I really like this game. It's fairly simple on the Relaxed level, which is where I am at the moment. I've played a lot of Guitar Hero and Rock Band, mostly on Expert, so this is right up my alley. Once I'm used to the controls, I figure I'll step up the difficulty. Or when I just want to mellow out, I'll load this up on Relaxed and play some slow, pretty songs with sustained vocals. Either way, if you like rythym games and love the idea of playing to your own music, this game is for you.It's also a very pretty game. The overall aesthetic is lovely. I found myself wondering who Melody was and what she was escaping from.I did feel a little eyestrain after playing for an hour or so. There's helpful info on the community forum for this, but for me it mostly involved changing from fullscreen back to the default smaller window mode."
,Not Recommended,270210,30720450,Posted: 24 March,all,vacri,"Not for me. The patterns in the run didn't really match the patterns in the music, though it did follow the beat reasonably well (but sometimes suprisingly not). The artwork is nice. A nice idea but the execution isn't quite there. This one is going to gather dust for me."
76561197998944060,Recommended,270210,21630265,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Vyse,"It's a rhythm game. Not the best one out there but definitely worth checking out.In regards to the difficulty, it's adjustable. When they say intense, it is intense in regards that you will just be like messing up because of pressing the wrong keys.Upside, you get to choose which music you want to play in your library and I have to say, that is pretty cool."
,Recommended,270210,21550987,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,chiqui_chai,Great game...took me a bit to figure out that its a rythm gamixed in with a platformer...pretty fun you can use your own music to play the games. each song generates a new level for you to go through. i suck now just wait til i get the hang of it.
,Not Recommended,270210,21129804,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,♠,"Gave me severe motion sickness/blurriness when the game starts going fast. Cute concept, but not very interactive, and made me physically ill. If you have motion sickness, there's a chance this game might give you a headache or worse."
76561198209691669,Recommended,270210,21012729,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Spook Nuke,"Great game! It's very hard, but very fun. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,270210,21142988,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lina Inverse,The overload difficulty is ridiculous difficult，I can't even cross a single barrier
,Recommended,270210,21169173,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Zkkaluza,"Super solid rhythm game.I think its generation is better than Audiosurf's, and it's more satisfying to get long combos.The animations for failure contribute a lot to that, I think.Says it's early access, but is very polished already. Recommeded."
,Recommended,270210,21169220,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,[HCLI] SpookyHeart,"This game is a solid mix of DDR and Vib Ribbon (Medium is anyway). It's pretty cool how you can play any mp3 file. I can finally make use of my♥♥♥♥♥♥posting MP3's I have saved to my comptuer. (Also fun fact. The I hate ♥♥♥♥ing n****** song makes a pretty fun level. I♥♥♥♥♥♥yee not.) Also it makes for a good vibrator if you're using an Xbox 360 controller and you put it on auto.The only problems I have with the game is syncing. It seems to not like rock or more specifically metal. Also the harder difficulties are confusing as ♥♥♥♥.Anyway, If you're looking for a decent rhythm game or a rhythmic vibrator that vibrates to your favourite tunes as you pleasure yourself, or someone else this Valentines' Day, look no further"
,Recommended,270210,21302483,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,sealy12345,Tried Motorhead - Ace of Spades on Overload difficulty. Think i managed to hit one or two notes in the whole song8/8
76561198102219597,Recommended,270210,21257610,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Okammunist,"Melody's Escape, A Great Rhythem GameMelody's Escape is a game where it requires music to be downloaded. You can play your own favorite music in the game! However, there are some issues.ProsFastCustomization on charactersFree choice of songAddictingSimilar to Geometry dashConsLaggy sometimesOverload is extremly hardThe level map/obstacles are not in beat(Mostly)Timing is sometimes glitchedFinal VerdictMelody's escape is very fun yes, but because the game mostly does not go with the beat, it makes the level harder to go with and just feels like you are just trying to beat a fast game.I give it a rating of 8.1/10. The beats and timing could be better in this game. I recommend the owner of this game should work on it."
76561198005405000,Recommended,270210,21448019,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Stupid Dog!,"I've enjoyed the game so far. Pretty simple interface but works well and doesn't have an unpolished feel. Essentially, the game uses songs from your library to create levels. The system itself feels very similar to other rythm games but has a nice style. The levels feel very accurate for most music genres. Though metal seems not to work as well since the tempo is kept at so high throughout the whole level.The visuals are definiely nice and I enjoy the electronic vibe. I think you shouldn't dismiss peoples negative comments about it causing motion sickness. It will vary by person, but I will get a little woozy from it after a few songs.Depedning on the song it can be fairly challenging or easier but overall playing on the hardest difficulty is very tough.I'd recommend the game."
,Recommended,270210,21469378,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TheBlakDrag0n,A simple but enjoyable game.  I've played AudioSurf 2 (another beat-based game) in the past and I think this game is just as fun.
,Recommended,270210,21511260,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheLostUmbreon,This Is an Epic game and i reccomend it to anybody who likes audiosurf and geometry dash!!!!
76561198052668190,Recommended,270210,21513979,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ShadowS_sHi,"I liked that I use my own music for the tracks. I play on Relaxed mode,simply because I'm not in it to try hard and get perfection. It's an easy relaxing go on the mode I play it on. And that's good enough for me. Maybe someday I'll try the more difficult modes. I also liked that you can change Melody's outfit and hair with the few choices that are provided."
,Recommended,270210,20414083,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Leo Sinzu,its k
,Recommended,270210,30799995,Posted: 28 March,all,Xou.X,Best music player ever!!!
76561198208927332,Recommended,270210,23689236,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,{MDA}Trippin,"I would first have a lot of downloaded music. It does not mater if its legal or not legally downloaded. So you get what you pay for, and that is hearing music while you play a game like OSU. Just that this one is easy to start playing but if you go up different levels it will take forever to master it. I also got quite board of the game. Not from my music. All you do is look at the screen and press the right button and colors, so it will get boring quite quickly. Overall I think this is a great game and you should consider it."
76561198037319653,Recommended,270210,23673113,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Maelthra,"Actually surprisingly good, though a very few times it feels like the beats are off but it's bery rare. also made the mistake of putting in what I thought was a very calm song, but due to the complexity and amount of instruments it turned out to be really difficult. And if you want to go really hard core... try putting in a podcas episode, did it just out of curiosity, did not finish it!"
76561198105792709,Recommended,270210,23616102,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Memexican,"Good game...But need more.It´s so simple that maybe you get bored cause even when it´s your own music you don´t have different backgrounds or differences between each genre, or gamemodes. And the workshop only work with skins, hair and colors.It´s good if you want to relax a little time and listen to your own music.I also recommend you to subscribe to the Dat Boi skin from the workshop. It´s very funny play with that"
76561198037421161,Recommended,270210,23160912,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mercy,"(First impressions)I have to start with the bad things:a) Metal music like TesseracT, Arcane Roots or Meshuggah doesn't work so well. I have to focus where the button-press-tings are, because it doesn't match that well with the songs. If I throw something classy like some good old Elvis in there, the game is confused and nothing will match up.b) On some songs, the speed of the game changes, even though the song doesn't.b) I have a hard headache after a little bit of playing, because it gets blurry like (you know what) when not using an full HD monitor.well, nothing else so far.Good things:- I can customize everything, even the gameplay. I love it.- The visuals in the background look fantastic.- On relaxed mode I can play with one hand. Playing, listening to music and vape at the same time, woohoo!- This game matches every skill level: from a nice little fun trip to just maximum terror. Nice!- Workshop support.I will update this review one i've played a bit more."
,Recommended,270210,23614413,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,A Sp00ky Robut,"Now, the idea of rhythm games with custom tracks has been done before (Looking at you, Vib-Ribbon) but this game does it very well. With the multiple modes that change the difficulty in dramatic ways, the nicely-done music reading system (Those slow-motion bits especially), and the extensive modding support, I give this game my wholehearted support. If you're into rhythm games or just want a new way to listen to your music, this is definitely worth a look."
76561198025130647,Recommended,270210,23818473,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,timothy_burbank,Such a fun way to interact with your music library. The gameplay just feels great.Especially fun with songs that have dramatic tonal transitions
,Recommended,270210,13446005,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,WASD Legal Excite Bike Shupe,"As someone who is used to playing really difficult music games (Konami's Bemani Brand of games), I usually don't find myself having trouble playing and starting off on mid to higher levels in most new music games I come across. This one is actually challenging on medium and am practicing more on that level before I try to move upwards. However the game is still extremly fun on relaxing mode, and will help you get used to the controls.The only issues I have with this game is that the timing can be extremly unforgiving if you're late at all, and not so much compaired to if you're a little early when it is a tad bit more forgiving, sometimes the spacing of notes and what button they suggest you press (there is two for each note a directional and an actual button) you'll want to go for the other button instead and that can throw more visual people off, and after you miss a note, your character stops and seemingly gets ""hurt"" and it skips to a couple of notes ahead to where the song went up to while you recover. Sometimes there will be a note right when you recover making it really difficult to hit and resulting in another miss animation like that.A thing I would like to see is maybe song recongistion by title, artist, and song length (give or take by a few seconds, I say song length because several songs I will play have both long and short versions to them) because I would like to see if people have played the same song as me, and how much better or worse I've done compaired to them.Other then that if you love music games, go for it, it's fairly simple but challenging. I'm not quite sure if it is challenging for the correct reasons, for example the really unforgiving timing of the notes sometimes, but you will get used to it, and get better at the game as time goes on."
,Recommended,270210,13491021,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,WhoDoYouWooDoo,Game is good but one thing is that her running is not equal to music like im playing slow song but she is runing rly fast like my playing rap or some thing like that.
,Recommended,270210,13686479,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ShadowAssassin,"An extremely fun rhythm game, though playing too long can hurt your eyes."
76561197999167092,Recommended,270210,13698123,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mazeedt,"Addictive, love it."
76561197993405891,Recommended,270210,13519133,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,pong,"Looking for a rhythm runner? Then look no further. Melody's Escape is just about perfect. Technically it's fast, efficient and pretty accurate. Visually it's beautiful - mixing just the right amount of color and style to impress at every turn. My only complaint is that the game doesn't come with any song files at all, and you can't play without one. Not a big deal, but I think a default track or two for those looking to get the feel of the game without having to dig around for an mp3 first would go a very long way. Otherwise it's an all around thumbs way up!"
76561198069505701,Recommended,270210,13502721,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MagmaFish,SUPPPER AMAAAZINGGGG!!!!!must-have
,Recommended,270210,13745960,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,CaptainSpam,"If you understand the phrase ""Audiosurf meets BIT.TRIP RUNNER"", then good, this review just got a lot easier to write.  More accessible than Audiosurf, more flexible than RUNNER, and much like the other two, well worth your time.Otherwise, Melody's Escape is a relatively simple yet still engaging little rhythm game.  Like other games that came before, it assembles Melody's obstacle courses from music you feed it based on auto-detecting tempo, lyrics, amplitude, etc.  It doesn't come with its own music (yet; this IS Early Access, after all), but it does a decent job with most anything I've thrown at it so far.  Of course, the track generator seems to be at its best with varieties of electronic music, though I've been surprised by what it comes up with for things like They Might Be Giants, MC Frontalot, The Aquabats, and other things I wouldn't expect a rhythm game to agree with.That's not to say it always turns up interesting courses.  Some songs can make downright repetitive tracks.  Others turn out slightly nonsensical in terms of the actual music.  But, that's a risk you always take with auto-generating levels based on music, and Melody's Escape does a good job far more often than not.If you like rhythm games and have a good amount of music to mess with, it's worth checking out."
,Recommended,270210,13747658,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dravinas,"Jesus this game. Do you have any idea how fun this is? Normally at some point games like this irritate me when I miss a note, it gets to me. But this game? WAY too fun for that crap. Want a game that you can seriously have fun with your music? THEN GET THIS NOW! Ill include some fun tracks that work well with this game.OVERWERK- HouseZedd - Spectrum (Ft. KDrew Remix) Launchpad S CoverTristam and Braken- FlightGet out there, and play these guys."
,Recommended,270210,13576749,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Christmas Cake,The only think that disappoint me is myself. Why do I wait such a long time to buy this god damn awesome rhythm game.
76561198063038589,Recommended,270210,15668218,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Strejlok,Very fun game to unwind after a hard day and a quiet weekend . I would recommend playing this because the game is worth the attention.
,Recommended,270210,15668972,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mudslinger Ning,This has turned out quite fun to play - pick a favourite tune and run with it...
,Recommended,270210,15669057,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SongNonymous,Playing Through the Fire and Flames on insane gave me a serious headache.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,270210,15680327,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Captain,GOTTA GO FAST
76561198141877026,Recommended,270210,15680761,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DukeOfMemes,I find this to be a great game really addicting but one thing I would like to see emplamented in the final version is being able to stream a song from youtube or a nother music website so you dont have to download every song you want to play.
,Recommended,270210,15683066,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Astrolox,Difficult but very very worth it.
,Recommended,270210,15686470,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TuanMuda,"omg this really a fun game, cant imagine i'm playing games with my favourite song inside the game!"
76561198115735069,Recommended,270210,28259286,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sinn,"Though I suck and stay on relaxed mode I really enjoy this game and the customization itself is really fun..? I just loved finding a bunch of differents mods and piecing them together to get my own personalized look for melody and it already has a fairly decent selection of mods available from the fanbase. I'll admit that the game has a small but fairly alright selection already available without mods and luckily enough most mods don't really create any performance issues, not any that I've encountered at least.Getting mods on are also pretty simple, just find the specific mod you want then subscribe to the mod. You might need to restart the game but after you subscribe to the mod it will automatically check and put it in the options for you.(I actually made a collection of some fairly alright mods for skins/hair/color schemes that I found, I'll probably add more as I go.)But onto gameplay I guess, its like any game you would find like this, like Audio surf, but for some reason I just enjoy it more than Audiosurf but that's probably because it has a variety of obstacles and I personally just enjoy having a person that I can dress up for a character. I also really appreciate how visible it is that you've messed up a note when you run into stuff or fall over I find this feature really cute. There isn't really much I can say on this since I don't see anything that needs changed right now except maybe make a gender option or maybe spice it up with more maps to run along.Although the biggest issue for me is that I think there should be a tutorial of sorts that slowly takes you along and helps you learn the color directions without being punishing and rushed. It isn't really a huge issue that needs added but I feel like it would just make it easier for new players to ease into the game without having to cling to relaxed mode or be dropped into color hell.Good game though and I really recommend, its good for killing time and I find it absolutely adorable. Fairly priced as well, I bought mine on sale for about $2."
,Recommended,270210,28486359,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Milux,"Nice rhytm game, I love it ! :D"
76561198105216761,Recommended,270210,28188605,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,NikkiGamer101,"Perfect, nothing else to say. its just awesome and perfect!"
,Recommended,270210,28157392,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,theSardonyx,"Melody's Escape is probably the best music-generated game I have played. One, it reads all of my music files (unlike BeatHazard, Audiosurf, or Crypt of the Necrodancer that can't read those with complex characters). Second, their audio detection algorithm is literally magic. Like, wow. Smooth transitions, obstacles and orbs in sync with an ever changing beat which gives variety within a song, and adapting visual speed show just how magical and amazing their algorithm is. And third, I am not getting tired of it. The gameplay is simple, really; you press buttons for the corresponding orb/obstacle. But it's fun and it's challenging and I dare say that I will keep coming back to this game even when I'm sick of Audiosurf. Just saying.Do I recommend this game? Heck yes. It's definitely worth the price."
76561198087635730,Recommended,270210,28195967,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Riome,"Really great game if you enjoy rhythm games. I was skeptical about just how well the game would adapt to the music you put into it, but I have to say I'm really impressed. If you have enough songs on your computer you'll definatly put many hours into this game just trying to beat your own high score for a song.The workshop can be a bit difficult when trying to use mods though. I'm pretty sure everything will work if you just restart steam after downloading a mod and then try and launch the game. At least, that's what worked for me."
,Recommended,270210,28242245,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,wolfofwierdness,"I really enjoy this game, I've already sunk over 17 hours into it and plan to put down more.  I highly recommend this for anyone who is into Rythem games.  If the Developers see this I have a recommendation, as it is difficult to read things on screen and keep playing well, I was wondering how difficult it would be to have a setting that adjusts the vibration depending on how accurate the hit was.  By doing this we would be able to get immediate feedback on how well we are hitting the circles and obsticles without having to dedicate the mental cycles needed to recognize and read text on the screen."
,Not Recommended,270210,19870832,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,【ℓ ღℓ i  in  a  Box】,"Pros1. You can pick any song2. Adapts somewhat to the song3. Customiztion of characterCons1. Hard on the eyes (Major issue)2. Doesn't actually go in sync with the song, most of the time it places the node too early or late or none at all.3. Calibration seems to not help at all, manually adjusting it helps more than auto calibration.Overall 7/10 but if you take into account how hard it is on your eyes I would not give it a passing score 4/10."
76561198023859269,Recommended,270210,28368264,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Inferno1200,"My only problem with it, is that if you're looking for a challenge. The higher difficulties can be way to hard. I'm not finger jesus. You can play with the custom settings to try and get it right, but that doesn't always work. Intense is usually good, but sometimes its too easy on certain songs. So if you crank the level up to overload, its near impossible. Something between intense and overload would be great.Other than that, its a fun way to pass the time; and practice hand eye coordination."
76561198348488978,Recommended,270210,28380486,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BtheVictor,I love this game it allows you to play the music that you love to a fast somtimes slow gameplay!
,Recommended,270210,28584217,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Swanurine,"great game, had lots of fun putting in random songs into and running the levels, can create levels that fit rather well with the soundtrac, especially with tempo. Would love more interesting visuals though currently is very nice and undistracting."
76561197987256121,Recommended,270210,27502055,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blitz,This game turned out to be more fun than I anticipated. It's a beautifully animated game with great in-game soundtracks. I love the ability to play songs that I have on my PC.
76561198094386951,Recommended,270210,27401829,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,phinouche0,It's surprising how this tiny little game can be hard to let go...
,Recommended,270210,27398930,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,brockbreacher,Awesome Game Is BEst For People Who Love Music
76561198007032507,Recommended,270210,27289230,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,necroscar268,Simple but very enjoyable rhythm game.
,Recommended,270210,27363385,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chimp,"Melody's EscapePros:• Melody's Escape is one of those games that when you make a mistake you know it's your fault-I've either missed the note or let go too early• It's got a simple design so it's not overwhelming like some music games that just have too much clutter• Customisation out the wazoo cause of workshop-You can change the player's body, hair, and the colour scheem• Decent music detection algorithm- about 80%-85% of my music is synced quite well• Custom difficulty settings- You can set the small stuff of a difficulty- like the time you have, to press a note- The way you have to press a note(onebutton/any button/corresponding colours and directionals/both colour and directionals)- and other small things to make the difficulty more to your liking• satisfying visuals that feel good to watch while playing a songCons:• Must be able to run at 60fps in order for good response time- but minimalistic graphics means that's not hard• has trouble with songs with no definable beat to itPersonal Dislikes:• Scoring system runs on 5 hearts- getting a note gets you either Ok, Good, Perfect, based on how close it was to the centre- hitting a note fills a heart partially- once a heart is full there is a ding sound and you move onto the next heart= any non-completed hearts don't show up on the final score screen only filled ones =(If you're familiar with Rockband then it's similar)Overall Rating8.5/10TL: DRGame is simple and fun to playCan't do classical or slow songs that well"
,Recommended,270210,28695950,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KoolDewd123 -DI-,"I read the reviews and it seemed like people really enjoyed the people. I figured it was a fun rhythm runner game that used your own music. So I downloaded it and booted it up. But when I went looking for music, I realized that I only had three music files on my entire computer: the Attack on Titan theme song, the Sonic X theme song, and John Cena's theme. I had a meme-tastic experience playing this game. Would recommend."
,Recommended,270210,28680368,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ⓧ-𝔾𝕚𝕣𝕝,"I really like this game!! This is a fun way to enjoy most songs. Not every song works, but those songs that work; they make this game so great."
,Recommended,270210,28656959,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MemeLord,"i bought this game on sale and i higly recomend you do the same, this game is best as a stress reliver between games <u>LIKE IF YOU SUCK AT DARKSOULS</u> and find it great at its music to course ability, unless you explose it to black midi..."
,Recommended,270210,28661085,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SuperGuy120,"This game is only one word, and one word only; Spectacular! You will need to find an MP3 converter if you don't have any conventional methods of storing music on your device like I did, but it's no trouble at all really and it pays off really well. I personally can't complete any of my songs competantly on any further than RELAXING difficulty but, hey, what are you going to do right? For the price as it is when this was written, it was a STEAL but an appreciated steal of course"
76561198118552880,Recommended,270210,28544119,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,UNCLE GUBSY,"weare number one,"
,Recommended,270210,28576563,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Killergoonie,"A soon as i saw that this game allowed me to play with my own music i knew i had to buy it. Any game that allows that is a great game right off the bat. But this game takes it even furthur with great mod support, goregous secenery and visual effects, and great perfect gameplay. Not one thing i don't dislike about this game, i wish i actually bought this game full price so i could continue to help this company. Keep up the great work guys and gals.Edit: I forgot to mention that the 6 songs that this game comes with are also amazing as well."
76561198162127636,Recommended,270210,28574864,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MGK,Loved the game the moment I started playing. 10/10.
,Recommended,270210,28571604,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Saishu,"God this game is either unbelivably difficult or I just have some songs that make it difficult. Also I wish there was some tutorials to tell you what the ♥♥♥♥ you're suppsoed to be doing, but you eventually figure it out anyways. Visuals are sometimes are hard to follow, but overall very good game. But if you bought one of those facy gaming keyboards, you'll be happy to know your reaction time is 100% at fault when you screw up the slow parts/"
,Recommended,270210,28491093,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dasij the dasdadonge of disdoges,Excellent rythm game the only CONS is that it gets blurred on fast speed for your eyes like bit trip runner 2
,Recommended,270210,28481295,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Joserin,"Awesome fun. Most tracks sync up good with the automated sync.There's 2 downsides though.1 - You can get dizzy when playing it for too long2 - There's no manual sync option for those tracks that feel ""off""If the devs can get the manual sync option this game is perfect to play in short bursts!"
76561198040706243,Recommended,270210,28465840,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kill me plz,"So, like, you know how you listen to music and some mad tricky bint does parkour skills while you drive? Yea, this is that but in game form"
,Recommended,270210,28180168,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MrSnowmanJoe,"Ok. Listen. I'm not that into rhythm games. I love music, but I just don't have the hand-eye coordination (or whatever it takes to play a rhythm game) to play games like guitar hero and games such as that. But this game is different. It's simpler to play. You see, I play a lot of games that use wasd, so my hands are used to being on those 4 buttons, though in the higher diffculties you do need to use the arrow keys and wasd, but whatever.Of course, simplicity isn't the only thing that won me over. Another aspect is you can use your own music. Honestly, in a lot of rhythm games, I never really pay attention to the music. Why? Usually, It's not really a song I want to listen to. ""But I thought you liked music."" I never said I love every song in existence. I judge my music very harshly (also I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I digress). So that's another thing.Huh? Audiosurf lets you do the same things as this game? Not quite. Not for me. There is one more aspect that I almost forgot to mention (<<<<I'm lying). This game is actually pretty nostalgic. How? Well when I was a small child that wanted to be a power ranger (I mean, what kid didn't) I had a tendancy to look out the windows on bus rides home. I would always imagine a person running alongside the bus jumping over stuff and, basically, being a badass. Who would have thought having music play while watching the person run alongside the bus would be absolutely amazing?I could probably continue talking about why I like this game for a few more hours, but that sounds boring, and I'd much rather be playing this game than typing. Bye."
76561197987982145,Recommended,270210,28426611,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,badkrma,"Depending on your music types and level of difficulty, you will mess up... LOVE this game...Two thumbs up ... :)"
76561198241961130,Recommended,270210,28460257,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Moss,"One of the best music-based rythm games I have EVER played. It's definitely worth buying.  I recommend this to anyone who loves music & a little challenge at the same time. ;) Nothing more satisfying than sliding, jumping, and flying to the rythm of your favorite songs or tapping the arrow keys to the beat!"
,Recommended,270210,28786921,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheOtherJosh,"Fun game to just relax and listen to music to.Simple to learn, difficult to master with its intuitive controls."
76561198011034263,Recommended,270210,28769802,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,un-go,its alot of fun! i got these in 2014 i dont get why they keep changing the date on it guess they want people to thank its new when i rember getting it in 2014? but total worth it can play any of your kickass songs! i played some marilyn manson and more with it!
76561198280769920,Recommended,270210,28836107,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Concrete_Cook,The best of both games : putting into 'Melody's Escape' the music from 'Inside My Radio'
76561198273049377,Recommended,270210,28821645,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,nightsteller 👌👌👌 is lit,iz gud (:
76561198008590164,Recommended,270210,28727036,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,doomonyou87,A great casual game to play and listen to your favourite songs. A great game for all ages.
76561198039367966,Recommended,270210,28782806,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Zaflis,"This game is really hot, and genuinely one of the very few Steam games that are so fun to play. I used arrow keys on keyboard, but i imagine it might be different or maybe easier with game controller. There is also workshop support for custom skins for those that like them. You might want to keep the default color scheme though. If there's a mod that changes hair always red, then all the different arrow directions will also be red and you can't distinct them.The 6 music tracks that come with the game are very good fit for the game, but obviously were selected for the best beat detection. Once you start using your own songs you may notice that the arrows are a little bit here and there, although it does really try and in my opinion the placements are good enough. Many songs really are that random in nature that they don't have a stable rhythm to read of.+ Very enjoyable, and can even break you some sweat.+ Smooth moving ninja girl!+/- The songs that come with the game are very good, but only 6 of them is too little. Try 20? Replayability completely relies on your own songs.- Harder difficulties can strain your eyes, and it's not adviced to play them long time. I recommend the relaxed difficulty, where with 1 color you can actually play much longer. It's also less stressful then, because the intense difficulty is more difficult than you would believe. The amount of times you get those ""What??? I'm sure i hit the button at the right time, but still failed?"" will be increased by difficulty. Achievements related to intense are out of my reach.There is a custom difficulty where you can select intense speeds but with 1 color, and it really helps. And ""1 color"" means that there will be long sections where the color doesn't change, but there will still be many color (key/direction) changes per song.4/5 just because no more than 6 songs by default."
76561198282970322,Recommended,270210,28761813,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gjnmbm,I love this game! The auto generator for the courses that the character takes depending on the songs you choose is amazing! I absolutly love this game and I feel I can play it for long periods of time. The problem is when I try using my steam controller the inputs don't always conect. That really isn't a big issue though since using the keyboard is also fun.
76561198319440015,Recommended,270210,29044394,Posted: 5 January,all,prozach28,This game looks dull just by looking at it but once i got started i was actually having fun and that does not happen often. I would pick it up just for fun.
76561198044705653,Recommended,270210,29024689,Posted: 4 January,all,TheIconoclast,"I really enjoyed this game. I like the flow of it; it's meditative. I  especially like that it can read your own music. However, I really wish I could reverse the direction of the track now and then. Three songs and I'm dizzy."
76561198081509096,Recommended,270210,28732083,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,meebee,"Got this on sale for 3,05 while i was looking for a new time waster.I only play the ""relax"" mode. (Press one of 4 keys at appropriate moments. Key changes once in a while, depending upon the song chosen)I am way too old and clumsy to adjust to the more difficult modes.This one is to listen music and keep yourself busy concentrating on its flow.It does not only help to avoid distraction while listening to music, but, no matter what difficulty, gives you some reward if you were doing really well while dumbly hitting the key(s). Even if one isn't the competitive type.I got about 8 different versions of ""little wing"" in my music collection.Every single one does play different. One is more running, the other more diving or sliding.But one has to admit, Jimi Hendrix's Origianl is the only one that does make Melody fly!In exchange for the joy i found in playing this game, i gifted it twice to friends.Made me want to listen my music more often again.Would buy it again any day."
76561198054424946,Recommended,270210,28935989,Posted: 2 January,all,Gintoki,I don't usually play music games and only gave this one a try after reading that i can play it with my own tracks. Gotta say that's the best music game i've played so far! The game has simple and colorful graphics and once you get the hang of the controls it gives you challenging yet relaxing and really fun experience. 10/10
,Recommended,270210,28861792,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,﴾Lil'Demon﴿ How?,"This game...IS AWESOME!!! The basic concept is it's a side-scrolling platformer that requires you to time the presses of the W,S,A and D keys to mach the directions on the coloured items (whether it be an arrow or a ball with a quarter of it shaded in to determine direction) but the way it makes levels is by USING MUSIC, I can only assume it does this by analyzing waveforms then by applying certain level objects depending on the waveform. The best part is you can use your own music with this game and the game will make levels out of your own personal music, so whether you want to play some calm and relaxing music that will balance the rage you get from this game or some heavy metal to make it worse you can still listen to your favourite song while playing this game.10/10 - would listen to calm musioc while raging again. (even though I haven't actually done that yet buuuut, eh)."
,Recommended,270210,28862759,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lazypear,"I played we are number one and cooking by the book ft. Lil jon and the beat was pretty on point. If you don't believe me, try it yourself. This game has a really good beat detection and that's one of the things i like in rhythm games."
,Recommended,270210,28726771,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,IceSpear,"10/10 I love how it can be used with Itunes, makes adding music so much easier."
76561198080716682,Recommended,270210,28883397,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Burnlit,Pretty good rhythm. I love the bundled sonds it came with it.
76561198054216807,Recommended,270210,28977965,Posted: 3 January,all,Tribal,"Game tried to synchronise with Guile's theme, but Guile's theme synchronised with it instead making even the wrong button presses and miss times beautiful. 10/10 would Sonic Boom again."
76561197985688190,Recommended,270210,29003230,Posted: 4 January,all,typedef swift_t ツ↴,"This game is such a joy to play. After a bit of practice, this game becomes a really great, sometimes meditative way to listen to your library. ""Just one more song"" is what I tell myself all the time. Technically, Melody's Escape handles most songs really well, even in the rare cases where it says its beat analysis was unsuccessful. The developer was also awesome enough to provide a convenient mod studio program that makes it really easy to make custom skins, hair, and color schemes for the game."
76561198337984657,Recommended,270210,28742398,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,coneja_luisa,"Really fun game if you wanna listen to music while doing stuff. Beautiful visuals that really flow with the rythm.I still have trouble playing fast paced songs such as nightcore, since the key direction changes a little bit too fast, but that must be just me being clumsy.Recommended game, very relaxing."
76561198072740190,Recommended,270210,32166513,Posted: 3 June,all,ZeCreator,good and chill
,Recommended,270210,32159452,Posted: 3 June,all,[BA] mpolder,Cheap rhythmic music based game. Worth every penny!
,Recommended,270210,13314805,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Punished Bump,"Gameplay is basically DDR but with way better visuals. The algorithms used to build the stages from your music work very well, and you'll easily notice inputs lining up with your songs.8.25/10"
76561198180772065,Recommended,270210,32493208,Posted: 16 June,all,Ejohng,It's a refreshing game but it's a little too simple
76561198035751029,Recommended,270210,29334791,Posted: 18 January,all,Nettychan,"This game is a wonderful combination of your own music and a dance style game. Straightforward, fun and yet deceptively difficult (or maybe that's just me!)"
,Recommended,270210,29380958,Posted: 20 January,all,✖ Jerry,"Neat and feels like it actually first the beat of your music, unlike Audiosurf which in my opinion doesn't..at all."
76561198148835503,Recommended,270210,28933802,Posted: 2 January,all,PrinzDragoon,This is beautiful!  Exactly the kind of game i need when want to take my mind of things.  12/10.
76561198093232656,Recommended,270210,28815332,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[UG] Cfig99,"So,The concept behind this game a great, and original. A game that generates a course based on the rhythm of your music? Awesome!However,I feel like it only works well with certain songs. Sometimes the speed and complexity of the course changed with the songs rhythm, while with other songs the course was the same speed and complexity the whole time.So,Great idea, but needs to be improved upon."
,Recommended,270210,28815938,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,emrknight,"It's highly addictive. You can play all the songs you have in your library so it technically has a pretty long life. The beats are accurate enough to make the songs fun and doable. The only negative point is that when your songs have multiple bpm in it, you may miss because of a sudden change in the speed of the character. But it's not that bad"
76561198105789359,Recommended,270210,29981940,Posted: 17 February,all,espionstar,"After over 20 hours of playing the game and as a fan of rhythm/music games I continue to strongly enjoy the game.+ You can load up your music and start playing with it!+ Easy to learn and quickly becomes intuitive once you understand when to press keys.+ Multiple difficulties including an option to customize the difficulty. Don't like that Overload gives you less input time? You can set it to normal (or more forgiving) if you wish.+ Simple but nice visuals with the ability to customize Melody's appearance and colors in general.+ Can get genuinely challenging at times.= The music is rather inconsistent when it comes to following the rhythm of the tune you picked up. It generally does a pretty good job and at times it's spot on but don't expect it to do a perfect job most of the time.= The input is not as it initially looks. You need to press the button a little earlier. However, once you get used to it, it is a non-issue.- Difficulty can be pretty inconsistent at times though. Certain tunes are very easy even on overload.- Fake difficulty. This doesn't happen all too often but there are instances where Melody will jump down and the motion will not fully catch up. This results in you landing on the ground and find yourself right in front of an input with very little time to respond.Besides that you can't lose in this game but this is irrelevant as the game is more of a score attack to try to get better results and beat your precious score. Oh that and enjoying the game with music you like. The game might induce headaches to some because of motions and background effects. If that's a possible issue just scroll up and check the video instead of possibly end up and you'll immediately figure out if it's a problem or not."
76561197980390029,Recommended,270210,29977018,Posted: 16 February,all,Sigma,This + any GUNSHIP song = the best.  That is all.
76561198076406165,Recommended,270210,29889914,Posted: 12 February,all,Snowy Rose,I like the fact that you can listen to the tracks supplied with the game AND you can also add in your own tracks. How well do you know your music?
,Recommended,270210,29888097,Posted: 12 February,all,Shotgun,"This game is really awesome, it has perfect sync to your music, lets you install custom songs and is quick to learn, hard to master. im at 5.5 hours and i can barely get 5 hearts with insane mode. 10/10. one thing i would like to see in the future is a map maker. apart from that this is the perfect game to just relax to or to test your reactions. depending on your preferrence you can go relaxing or challanging. it pushes you into the deep end of the pool but with some floats so to speak."
,Recommended,270210,29680047,Posted: 3 February,all,Niccolo,Awesome game for the price. The game and music aren't always on Q but it's close enough and very entertaining for the kids.
76561198348094639,Recommended,270210,29756658,Posted: 6 February,all,Yamis1brother,"This game is surprisngly addicting. At first glance it may seem like a game that you'd get bored of after an hour or two of playing, but it manages to keep you hooked.The gameplay is simplistic, and even on harder difficulties, it doesn't get that much more complex (unless you are not very good with hand-eye coordination and/or rhythm). But that isn't the big thing of this game; it's the algorithim.This game uses an algorithim to determine how many notes and ""obstacles"" there are in the song you're playing, and this, in my opinion, is what makes the game addicting. This algorithim, while not perfect (I'll get to that in a little bit), is still very competent. Whenever you put in a song, it not only determines where notes and obstacles go, but it also determines how much the notes are spread out, and also does its best to sync the timing of the notes with the beat of the song (which always puts a smile on my face whenever I'm ""in the groove""). This allows for experimentation of different songs, and this what keept me engaged, and may keep you engaged as well.It was a lot of fun seeing how the algoritihim interpreted my music, and sometimes it was surprising. It pays more attention to detail than you'd expect. For example, I was playing a song and it had a lot of ""static"" sounds for effect, and the algorithim payed attention to this and actually made the song kind of hard. But that's also what made it fun.The only drawback to the algorithim that I can think of is that it shines brightest when you put in electronic songs. If you're someone like me who enjoys non-electronic music. You can still have fun, but it is a little disappointing to know that the game doesn't consider players with other musical tastes as well as it could've.To end this off, the game is highly moddable and I love it. The game doesn't have a lot of costumes for Melody when you start off, but there are a LOT of good costumes out there thanks to the game's community. It can really make your Melody feel unique when you find something that you like.TL;DR - Good game. Algorithim is a really interesting idea with a really good (but not perfect) execution, high modability, and good for experimenting with music. 8/10 from me :D"
76561198011761330,Recommended,270210,29717810,Posted: 5 February,all,Wildhabuddy,"I got this game in Early Access and it has only impressed me since I bought it.+ It actually got out of Early Access pretty quickly with nice updates for the developers to improve on an already polished game+ Its very easy to try new music as the game notices mp3 files on the computer instantly and creates levels within seconds+ Workshop Support+Fun gameplay that makes me want to try all of my songs on my computer at least onceI honestly have nothing bad to say about it, the aethestics are appealing, the gameplay is fun, workshop support adds extra flavor and customization. Its just overall a fun music exprience. I actually downloaded music onto my newest computer becuse I wanted to play this game again.Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,270210,29681701,Posted: 3 February,all,AtomXLV - Twitch,Great game but I either have a headach or my eyes hurt after playing it for anymore then 30 minutes
76561198000062818,Recommended,270210,29592417,Posted: 30 January,all,davidmac92,"Solid rhythmic music game with some good tracks. You can also play songs from your own music library, would recommend on sale"
,Recommended,270210,27991599,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jackaho,"Amazing game.  I'm only a couple hours in and I am having fun with it.That said... there are some issues with the way the game puts together unfamiliar songs.  For instance, I tested it with a standard 133BPM four-on-the-floor dance song and it worked great.   In general, Melody's Escape works best on simple songs with clearly defined instruments.  Not so well with off-tempo singing or a mix of different instruments playing together.  A manual editor would have been nice but is not included.Melody's Escape comes with calibration tools so you can avoid any latency probems with your monitor or speakers.The six included tracks from Shirobon are excellent and Melody's Escape includes a number of difficulties ranging from relaxing to ""DDR Pro"".  You can also download different costumes in the Steam Workshop."
,Recommended,270210,29845482,Posted: 11 February,all,Janelele,Awesome ^o^/
76561198149782549,Recommended,270210,28928600,Posted: 1 January,all,Bell,"Ok, has anyone ever played Vib-ribbon? No? Well look  it up. Then come back... did you do it? Good! It's  like this game but older, and not as good of packaged music.1) The songs that come with it are fantastic! To me the first two are the best. But you can use your own music. So if the packaged stuff doesn't grab you then use your own!2) Another point is the mods, most revolve around anime and that's a good thing right?The game only being $9.99 isn't expensive. For the mods you can add from steam, using your own music, and just looking visual appeling it's hard not to like it.PS Personally bought it on the Winter Sale so I got it cheap ($3.39) but for what you get the 9.99 seems like a great price for what you get."
,Recommended,270210,28924529,Posted: 1 January,all,Xyler Foxpuffs,"Well, I can honestly say I'm pleased with this game.I've tried other games like it, which uses your own library to play the music, and they don't seem to match up the way that Melody's Escape does with the timing. What I was really impressed by is how well the game reacts to songs of varying timings.The game works best if you use songs with a 4/4 beat signature, but I tried two songs with varying beat signatures in them, and I was really impressed on how well it managed to keep a steady pace to it. Timing still perfectly on, and one thing that caught me off was how well it held timing without drums!Another thing worth noting is the ""Autoplay"" mode. Where the game controls the character. It's a fun little thing to leave on a side monitor or as background if you wanna relax and watch her just jump around (Could also help you learn a track). I'm writing this review while Melody is jumping to ""The Greatest Show on Earth"" by Nightwish :)I will warn you, the game does crash if you move the window too quickly while it's running. But honestly, it's only a small thing, I'm sure the developers will fix this. And doesn't take away from the core gameplay. Which is challenging by the way!"
,Recommended,270210,29083753,Posted: 7 January,all,ika! \( ^-^)/,"This is a very efficient way to quickly regain contrl... :D literallyI'm an engineering student so i study a lot and of course and i need to take breaks, this game quickly recovers me, so i can focus back on my tasks.Brain quickly enters into diffused mode while playing this game, so it significantly increases my work output."
,Recommended,270210,29109335,Posted: 7 January,all,Gumball,A good way to spend your energy locked up for audio you like.
,Recommended,270210,29798094,Posted: 9 February,all,TouchTheRazor †,A good game to waste a few spare minutes...or even hours on. And it acctually scans and finds the beat/bass of your music. And its very fun and addictive.
,Recommended,270210,30132049,Posted: 23 February,all,OnceAndFutureSquid,"Right, I grabbed this game on a whim, thinking that it really wouldn't be a loss if I didn't like it. I thought it would just be a generic side scrolling rhythm game, and I was mostly right. It seemed more like an upscaled version of the flash games I played on newgrounds back in the day. But that's not a bad thing at all. It's not this indepth game with an immersive story and memorable characters. It has no story and one character who just runs to the right. But it's a well designed game with a surprising amount of depth and adjustability.Pros:-Ability to use songs from your own music library without any program adjusting kerfluffles. You want 90s techno? You can run 90s techno. You want Power Metal? You can do that. Gregorian Monk chants? Why not?-Beautiful color scheme. It's just a pretty game that I could look at for hours.-Customization of difficulty and response time for input allows you to find your grooving sweetspot.-Low price. This game is cheap as chips. Have some pocket change? Buy it. Why not?-Replayability. Seeing as it generates unique tracks for each song you play, gameplay seldom gets stale.Cons:- Have a weird issue with the screen shifting to the right or left when pausing and starting the game. Easy enough fix to just toggle the resolution... But... Eh...-Not much else... It's a side scrolling rhythm game... Don't go into it expecting it to be the next Skyrim.I highly recommend this game for any other fans of rhythm based games."
76561198159229893,Recommended,270210,30089626,Posted: 21 February,all,Quaxe,"Fantastic game, helps me to relax. Good graphics and fast rhythm analizing, My only complaint is that theres no tutorial for the high dificulties so it took me a while to figure out how to play them."
76561198198965313,Recommended,270210,30107482,Posted: 22 February,all,Terminates Here,"Steam has revived my interest in the quick-to-play minigame, I don't always have time the play the epic-scale RPG, FPS and RTS (or even write them out in full).  This one was particularly of interest due to building unique levels around your music of choice.  It's been a while since I've enjoyed the licensed music in games (no more EDM and dubstep please!), so playing to my own soundtrack is a bonus, never mind having the game landscape built round them.It's all down to precisely-timed button pressing and/or stick movements.  It's easy to lose your rhythm and fluff several moves in a go, but nailing a perfect level is really satisfying.  I got my first '5 heart' score to Odyssey Europa by Kirlian Camera, a song obscure enough to make it a unique gaming experience.  You probably won't lose hours on this game, but I'm just glad I can finally enjoy a rhythm game on my terms, not on some software houses obscure licensing arrangements."
,Recommended,270210,29337289,Posted: 18 January,all,Muse,"A simple game based on a simple premise that is surprisingly addicting.  The beat and rhythm detection engine does very well, but when it doesn't, it makes the game difficult.  And under this circumstance, set on intense difficulty, can be more frustrating than a back-to-back Marathon of the Dark Souls Series.From what I can gather, when a track is selected, It analyzes the track for predictable rhythm patterns, intensity levels, snare and bass beats, and vocal patterns to assimilate a profile that, if successful, sets up an obstacle course that the player can predict based on the nomenclature of the song. Key strokes coincide with some aspect of the music without making the gameplay monotonous.When it doesn't work... it takes a calculated guess.  But at least it lets you know ahead of time that, 'Hey,  I can't get the beat in this track.'.  Then the level becomes... interesting.It adapts to certain genres of music better than others. I found that the detection engine does not like older hard rock and heavy metal. like Motorhead's 'Thunder and Lightning'.  It did like Motorhead's 'When the Sky Comes Looking for You'. It didn't like Testament's 'Electric Crown', but did like Testament's 'More than Meets the Eye'. This leads me to suspect it has something to do with how the tracks were recorded - the enhancements made on more modern music recordings do better.All in all, a good buy on sale just as a button warmer or relaxation game. 8/10 Would Faceplant into a Wall on a Missed Keystroke Again."
,Recommended,270210,29358819,Posted: 19 January,all,Sizzo,"this game is FANTASTIC. i've been looking for something that captivated me like this since super crazy guitar maniac deluxe 2. beatmap games can be done well and can be done bad, this one is near perfection. it gives you a wonderful visual to enjoy along side the music and beatmapping. my only suggestion would be too add a track editor, for if a player such as myself who find that they're favorite track doesn't play quite how they expected and would like to tinker around to find something more comfortable.Otherwise, WOW! It played my 30 minute track with ease, customization of both Melody / the background allowed me to find very vibrant red blue green and yellow too match too an xbox 360 controller, AND dress melody like Rick Sanchez.if you are looking to challenge yourself, a song i found to be rather difficult is EDM - Devils Door"
,Recommended,270210,29331977,Posted: 17 January,all,FrostCrackle,"Amazing game! Works great with most of my songs. Just having a problem with intense difficulty: the orbs display a direction to be pressed, along with a color. Are the colors scrambled? For example, in medium difficulty and lower, green represents ""down."" Does green represent a different direction in Intense? I'm getting around 85-95% error rate on Intense."
,Recommended,270210,29353179,Posted: 19 January,all,kongdoolgi(JDKim),"I just have played 18 minutes, but couldn't be patient not to write this review. This game is great. Works PERFECT! I've played a lot of rhythm game that says to ""support"" my favorite music, but I couldn't feel good with any of them. However, this game makes notes that perfectly fit the music, even if I choose a song with fast bpm. I got this on sale, but I think this game deserves the price tag even when not on sale."
,Recommended,270210,29348822,Posted: 18 January,all,PhoKingIronic™,This is a really good game to play casualy but you should put in diffrent gamemodes and be able to play against your friends!
,Recommended,270210,29309164,Posted: 16 January,all,Literally Canada,"I've had this game since early access and boy has it ever improved, its a great game over all! Addicting and simple yet it can be a bit rage inducing at higher difficulties, great game and I suggest buying it. Only thing I see that's wrong with this is the somewhat high price of 10.99CAD, however on sale its very worth it."
,Recommended,270210,31007621,Posted: 7 April,all,Kaimeira,"There was quite a lot I like about this game. The songs that came with it are a lot of fun and catchy. Being able to drop in songs from my own music library kept it interesting. Being able to change the skins and the vast amount of mods available also is a nice touch. What I feel could use some work, however, was that after a few songs, the only thing I was doing was seeing if I could outdo my previous score. I think it needs something more added to take away some of the monotony, but I'm not sure what at this point. I also found the learning curve quite steep, which can be overcome with practice, provided one doesn't lose interest first. Otherwise this is a rather calm and pleasant way to pass time."
,Recommended,270210,29309841,Posted: 16 January,all,Hoolle,"I don't know if it's the fact that I get to listen to my favorite songs while playing or if it's the fact that this game does really well analyzing the music, but it's very fun to play. Game does really well when it comes to matching button presses with the notes and vocals of the chosen song, in my opinion is easy to get the feel of, and best of all: IT'S COLORFUL. Very fun overall :)"
76561198308707048,Recommended,270210,29307030,Posted: 16 January,all,CaptMonty93,Absolutely adore the game. only been playing it about an hour and can tell its gonna be a constantP.S. Try Scars by I prevail
76561197979350182,Recommended,270210,29369659,Posted: 19 January,all,Mr. Zombie,"I was looking for a simple, fun, ""I have 5 minutes to kill"" kind of game, and this is perfect. For the sale price ($3.50), worth every penny.From the demo, I expected the marks to match the beat of the drums. They do at some points, but seem to focus on the vocals even more in my musical collection. You end up listening to a song you've heard a thousand times from a different point of view."
,Recommended,270210,29363277,Posted: 19 January,all,GhostAdder,Just Get It Already You Know You Want To.
,Recommended,270210,29363576,Posted: 19 January,all,Carnage The Symbiote,"""Very good, would Escape again""given it's not a super-built game like most popular franchises, I believe this did well for what it's worth."
,Recommended,270210,29175896,Posted: 10 January,all,craytehsims,"Melody's Escape is a fun game that definitely follows the beat of the music, and the fact that you can implement your own and the obstacles still go in time to the music is mind blowing. For those that love rhythm games or are looking for a challenge, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,270210,30085093,Posted: 21 February,all,Donita,listening my mp3s in this game instead of winamp.
76561197988892247,Recommended,270210,30080888,Posted: 21 February,all,DRiBay,Aww Melody.  This is a great little game.  If you're remotely interested in rhythm games pick this up.Pros:Great graphics/themeGood included musicYou can play it with any of your own musicDifferent difficulty modes including auto mode if you just want to watch and relaxWorkshop supportCons:Nothing.  Zilch.  Nada.  Not one thing to complain about.Recommendation: Just buy it and enjoy.
76561198124256299,Recommended,270210,32231215,Posted: 6 June,all,Lance,"Have you ever played Vib Ribbon?  If so, this game is essentially a more modernized and slightly simplified version of that game. If you don't know what the heck Vib Ribbon is, then an accurate description of this game would be as follows:  It's a rather nice rhythm game with a techno-music vibe to it, coming with a collection of songs of that nature to boot.  You can also insert songs of your own to play in-game, so that's a plus.  It has 4 levels of game difficulty, which can be changed at any time, along with many scenery and character changes both in-game and through the steam workshop.  Overall, it's a nice chill game that worth its price, and I recommend trying it out.  In all honestly, if you play it for maybe half an hour or so and don't enjoy it, then try and get a refund, as this game is a bit repetitive with its controls."
,Recommended,270210,32242705,Posted: 7 June,all,V A S T E D | V I C T O R Y,Sin Wave = Beat Overlord (Basically cheating :3 )
76561198314949249,Recommended,270210,29934461,Posted: 14 February,all,MayoCheese,One of the best rhythm game on steam besides audiosurf.Actually on gameplay and customization aspect I think Melody's Escape surpasses all other music based games here.More contents and minor tweaks here and there would be nice.
,Recommended,270210,31313668,Posted: 23 April,all,Reilly-K,"This game is fun.The only real con I found was this wierd ""percieved motion blur"" problem that I couldn't figure out how to get rid of. However, I did enjoy the game enough to learn to deal with it."
,Recommended,270210,31230239,Posted: 18 April,all,thesambangura.05,"I want to start off by saying it's a solid game. It does what you'd expect and little more. The novelty of playing your own tracks to this game will carry you through the levels for a while.However, the gameplay slightly repetitive, the included track list is lacking and testing this fast paced game on the slowest tempo tracks that you can find will bring a small smile to your face for the first 3 times before you eventually realise that you wasted too much of your life on such a fruitless venture and you start to wish you could go back to being an embryo and start again (there's only so many times you can play a level to Sinead O'Connor's ""Nothing Compares to You"" before these thoughts start to creep in).For casual gamers this is a good game and if you're looking to simply relax or play a game in between queue times when playing online (i.e. during League of Legends queues) then this game will do the job.P.S. My little sister isn't even a gamer but she was playing this game for 0.9 hours and would've continued had we not needed to go catch a family movie."
,Recommended,270210,32277733,Posted: 8 June,all,.:Re:.,love the physics
76561198025377035,Recommended,270210,32296633,Posted: 9 June,all,COPYROOM WITCH,"So I kinda like this game. At least in the lower difficulties it's a nice relaxing alternative to games like Audiosurf.But in my opinion there's some work to do if you don't only play the bundled songs.On most songs that I played the timing of the button hits is always ever so slightly off beat so you miss even if you're perfectly in sync with the beat of the song (or rather especially if you are). And the leveldesign doesn't really relate to the song played in any way except maybe tempo. Quite often even in repetitive songs the patterns change quite wondrously and on repeating parts like choruses you never know which new suprises you'll get. That might appear as a feature if it wasn't so very different on the bundled songs. Those make perfect sense.All in all it's still enjoyable but as I said, in my opinion it needs some work."
,Recommended,270210,32327112,Posted: 10 June,all,Princess Rachel,"Bought this game a year ago.Only just got around to playing it.Can't put it down.I've got a deadline in 3 hours.But I have to help Melody escape.Decisions, decisions...I honestly LOVE this game, it's so charming and so addictive.HOWEVEREven after doing calibration, I find the music is still just a few milliseconds out of sync with the button prompts, and when I try to get precisely into the beat of the music, I end up missing steps.Also, I'm colourblind, so I would appreciate a function where we can decide which colours appear, or if someone could somehow mod the button prompts to be controller-based, like with my Xbox 360 / Xbone controllers.For example, I have problems with blues / purples and yellows / greens.This is especially difficult in this game, where I often have just a fraction of a second to notice the prompts indicating the direction of the button.The reason mods aren't completely effective for this is that colourblindness is SUCH a nuanced condition that it's practically different for everyone who has it, so we should be able to adjust the colours ourselves from within the customization menu.Lastly I'd recommend some different animations / actions to shake up the gameplay a bit. This game is seriously fun, but after a while you lose interest in what the character's doing and just focus on trying to 100% the song.Perhaps introduce a story mode? I think you could really get something creative & engaging out of that.Also: THOSE YELLOW ORBS CAN GO TO HELL."
,Recommended,270210,30926936,Posted: 3 April,all,DJHarmony,"This game really surprised me! Ever since I started listening to Vocaloid music and heard about Project Diva I wanted to try a rhythm game for myself, thinking I could get the patterns down fairly easily. When I bought this game I thought I would be getting a simple button masher with not much of a skill requirement, and I'm glad I was wrong. Just starting this game up for the first time blind is quite shocking as the game requires pretty quick reflexes, but that just makes getting better at the game all the more rewarding. It aslo gives you an excuse to be doing something somewhat productive while listening to your favorite tunes, so that's a plus."
,Recommended,270210,32856542,Posted: 27 June,all,Donald,This game is perfect to train your reaction while listening to your favorite music!It generates a new level for each song you add you can even add random audio for the lols and you still have fun :D
,Recommended,270210,32055489,Posted: 29 May,all,Catmints,games is fun the only game in my library that i would recomend a control just to see how it funtions but sometimes it doesnt pick up on obvious beats other times it does one artist that i found works well with this game is killedmyself its a little exspensive for how much content is actually in it but if you have some extra money and dont have anything to spend it on or its on sale get it.
,Recommended,270210,32628630,Posted: 21 June,all,Asti,"Not as fine as Audiosurf, but it's still a fine rhythm game. Difficulty levels are nicely balanced and the level generation algorythm is OK."
76561198168970852,Recommended,270210,32614150,Posted: 21 June,all,nJS,"Addictive and great for time killers. Although some of the songs that you would download for the gameplay might not have the best tempo, it's still enjoyable."
76561198009940025,Recommended,270210,32596188,Posted: 20 June,all,^2[N^7FL^6D]^0DAVID,great game for relaxing the automatic algorithms need work to detect tempos properly but aside from that its inovative and fun.I believe once the automatic algorithms are adjusted to detect the tempos properly it will be even better then in it's current state. for anyone thinking im being salty i assure you im not i love the concept of having music turned into a game i was a huge fan of guitar hero and rock band on xbox 360 i hope to see more games like this continue to be produced for pc  :)
,Not Recommended,270210,19690784,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,HoofEMP,"This game needs a level editor for certain songs, just like the four built in. I don't care whether it's shared across the Steam Workshop or not. It's just that it would be nice if the obstacles weren't patternless and arbitrarily chosen."
,Recommended,270210,23191082,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ganondorf,"Vocaloid ... Final Fantasy ... Two Steps From Hell ... Warcraft ... Any EPIC movie OST ... Zelda and other Nintendo game ... Dark Souls ... madafacking UNDERTALE ... OR TAKE A RANDOM EPIC METAL WARRIOR OF DEATH MUSIC AND :You will like this game ... just like me. Epic Game, Genius/20 ...SE-PHI-ROTH !Ps : Play the game 1 hour in medium mode ... Then go to Intense !Ps 2 : For the TRUE experience of the game : REMEMBER THIS :Custom Mode :Input Method : Color or DirectionInput Timing Win : RegularTempo Mode Adj : OVERLOAD !Energy Mode Adj : High Density !Mov Speed : IntenseRespawn Race period : NoneNOW UNLEASH THE HELL :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cazX4sqdbgs"
,Recommended,270210,33296767,Posted: 5 July,all,Iris Blanche | Caprima,Pretty cool :) Especially the customization with the workshop + the stage generation based on your songs is awesome. Unfortunately my taste of music makes this game extreme hard xDIf you played other games which are music based you will like this one too.
76561198154766476,Recommended,270210,33408272,Posted: 9 July,all,buckeye.jedi,"Great concept. BUT I WARN YOU. If you dont have a steam controller or another controller that works with steam games, this game is hard. I extremely recommend this game to people that own a steam controller, but if you dont, be prepared for hardships ahead. great game though."
,Recommended,270210,33405858,Posted: 9 July,all,Mad Pigeon,"Game takes some time to get used to it. It presents itself like a platformer, but you're supposed to hit timings perfectly, unlike Bit Trip Runner where you could jump a little before or after.But when you do get used to it, playing through your music tracks feels satisfying. Sadly doesn't feet all styles of music, especially with ultra high bpm songs.I don't know many games like this one so if you like those you should check this one out to let the world developers know this is something worth developing."
76561198138953636,Recommended,270210,33403936,Posted: 9 July,all,t(- -t),"Great!! Still using it to kill time....listening to my music playlists.... but i think it still need some more features or events so that i will not get bored of this game......still for those have a lot of time to waste, try it out!!"
,Recommended,270210,33381748,Posted: 8 July,all,demidevl,"After being disappointed by Audiosurf, I had been on the hunt for another music based game. This one looked good just based on its looks and description, so I decided to give it a chance.Melody's Escape's visuals are beautiful. I love the colorful and stylistic display, and that it is not distracting to the game play itself. I also really like the customization of Melody herself... especially that there is an option for short hair (as I am a short haired lady!)Game play is intuitive and works as expected of a rhythm game. I appreciate the various levels and that there is a relaxation mode where the prompts switch keys rarely and it is mostly just about rhythm and enjoying yourself. There is a lot of variety for different levels of rhythm gamers, which is definitely a plus.Like most games of this type, it allows you to use your own music library. Again, selecting your own music is intuitive and the menus are easy to navigate/not complicated.If you are looking for a good looking and fun rhythm game, you definitely want to check this one out."
76561198171836357,Recommended,270210,33440033,Posted: 10 July,all,Pr0j3ct p#@ra0h,I like this
,Recommended,270210,17360922,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Antiwhimsy 空,"Good, colorful fun if you have a music library!"
76561198099773197,Recommended,270210,33456782,Posted: 11 July,all,KaityChameleon,"Melody's Escape is a lot like Audiosurf, but I find it more aesthetically pleasing with its colors and how Melody reacts differently to each button pressed in time with your song. I've been playing this at least once a day since I bought it; not for long spans of time, but I still enjoy looking for a good challenge in my personal library of songs or just somthing a little more chill if I feel like it. I would recommend this to anyone interested in giving it a try."
,Recommended,270210,33546473,Posted: 14 July,all,MovieDude_Eric,"I got this game for my seven year old daughter, who took to it really quickly as a game that has a pretty decent difficulty range with none of the nasty penalites of other rhythm games, making this a great game for beginners. While I'm not a huge EDM guy, the six default tracks are pretty decent and while there isn't a great deal of range in the environment, it is definitely something I'll come back to when I'm just needing a quick fix."
76561198160502548,Recommended,270210,33568219,Posted: 15 July,all,Mr.ChickenNazi,"Its actually pretty good! Nice graphics,perfect music(you can easily add your own) and really hard at not normal difficultys xD(Not full price tho :P )"
76561198054040762,Recommended,270210,33655375,Posted: 19 July,all,$teampunkgirl871,"This gamw is fantastic! It works well on a Windows 8 (converted to 10) system with low Ram and a generic graphics card, but even better with the recommended requirements. I noticed a significant difference once I switched to a new laptop.Visually the game is beautiful, with glowing colors and backgrounds that change with the beats of your songs. My library works well; I put together a ""gaming jams"" playlist with high bass songs and the sound is amazing!I would recommend this to anyone with an eye for beautiful games."
,Recommended,270210,32741357,Posted: 24 June,all,༺Crepusculum༻,"Jugar con tu musica es perfecto, que mas puedes pedir?"
,Not Recommended,270210,33973409,Posted: 2 August,all,Maraiya,"It's a cool game. Really fun and can be a good distraction, but overall, had to return it due to the blurriness of the game, especially when you reached fast tempos, all I saw was colors being mushed together. So if you have bad eyes or are possibly dyslexic, this isn't a game for you. Also, the game didn't seem to match some of the songs I imported. There was one time when I had to play through absolute silence, and it was awkward."
,Recommended,270210,23153231,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Renegade,Nice.
,Recommended,270210,34088666,Posted: 7 August,all,𝓘𝓷𝓕𝓲𝓝𝓲𝓣𝔂,"Melody escape ...As the  title say you must escape From the boring reality and transcende in to anoter ""universe"".I recomand this game for those who want to lisen theyr music ""in game"" and yes the game might not be as ""cool"" ingraphic but the comuunityvits working hard to improuve the game carachters by changing the stile etc.(i am shure thatwho played this game has at least once see the workshop and do some changes.The gameplay its quite simple (relax mode) or can be hard as hell (overlord mode).now depends on the song you chose (the bit map).The game its verry interesting and i want to thanks the developers for creating this amazing gameand for the comunity for creating a true Melody escape :)"
,Recommended,270210,34112478,Posted: 8 August,all,The Hungry Hungry Hitler,"This game can be compared to another Rhythm game, Osu!, in the sense that it takes a very short while to pick up and play. I learnt the mechanics for both games in around 10-15 minutes. Then I noticed the higher difficulties, and, in both cases, I was terrified. I still love both games, however. I thought this may just be a useful little bit of information, but let's go onto the review of this game.This is a Rhythm game using a maximum of 8 keys at a time, these being the arrow keys and wasd. When you are usuing these 8 keys, the gameplay can be challenging. Scarily so. But, I never found it aggravating, which is something that is always a good sign when playing rhythm games, as I think that rhythm games should be challenging and maybe a little frustrating to jkeep a vested interest, but never something that you fly into a rage over, something I've never come close to doing with Melody's Escape but have done may times with the aforementioned Osu!You can make the game pretty easy or hellishly challenging, which is a nice feature. The titiular character hereself, Melody, also features some light customisation, my personal favourite being the ""Uniform"" variant.To conclude, I really like this game. My gameplay time as of this review may only be a few hours but I can see myself coming back to this over and over again. Hell, maybe one day I'll master it. For now, I'll highly recommend it and say that the static price tag is well worth it, and if you see it on sale, DEFINITELY pick it up."
76561197996057322,Recommended,270210,34439126,Posted: 23 August,all,Fausthieb,This game is what I wanted from Audiosurf but never got.The levels are generated by analyzing the songs you want to play and the game gives you feedback how good or bad your song is playable.The game offers a lot of customizability and a fair enough difficulty setting to satisfy a lot of different skill levels.My only complaint would be that there is currently no good way to share your records with friends or a global scoreboard. I understand this is not really possible with custom song files but it would have been nice
76561198128948438,Recommended,270210,34244131,Posted: 14 August,all,ZemkoStrik,"This game is a wonderful mix of blending the world around it with the world that music can give you.I really appreciate that you're allowed to use the music files on your device as well, that adds on as a bonus.As a music lover, I sometimes wonder what worlds you'd get lost in with music, and most of the songs i have fit the game wonderfully.It's a challenging, but fun and easy to play experience.Would recommend to anyone who likes music"
,Recommended,270210,34296842,Posted: 16 August,all,Showsinolo,Honestly a good fun simple game
,Recommended,270210,34522409,Posted: 26 August,all,Kn1nJa,"If you are a fan of audiosurf or other similar music based games, just buy this game now. Trust me, it's so worth it. It's got a bit of a learning curve to it, but once you figure it out it's pure bliss (at least on most tracks)."
,Recommended,270210,34698594,Posted: 2 September,all,doomedsquid,"It's a simplistic yet fun game. The level possibilities are only limited to your music library, so you can get more music to play."
,Recommended,270210,30443967,Posted: 11 March,all,Gemorge,"I saw this game a while ago and it looked coll so I got it. And it really is a pretty cool, frustrating at times but cool! The note detection is relatively on-point (it has messed up a total of 0 times on me) and it can be either really relaxing or super fast-paced. Depends on the song you choose. Gameplay wise, it is relatively easy to pick up and get used to it. I can pretty much recommend this game to anyone who looks for a relaxing time-killer (unless if you choose to run to metallica or something, then it's category number 2) or to test their reflexes (cause it can get pretty fast at times, especially if you play higher difficulties)"
76561198218228728,Recommended,270210,34948762,Posted: 14 September,all,Toffy,"A small game with a brilliant and well done idea. I've been long searching for a nice game that will be able to perfectly grab the rhythm of my favourite songs and turn then into speed and motion. Melody's Escape does a superb job at that. And even the native music of the game is great, love the cyber feel.Totally recommended as a time-waster or when you want to enjoy music and speed together."
76561198168423682,Recommended,270210,35067405,Posted: 19 September,all,Vinicius,"It's a ""Game-Music-o-Therapy""!One of the best onto your category!"
,Recommended,270210,35309908,Posted: 29 September,all,XxSUGARSPARKxX,"I feel like I could easily sink thousands of hours into Melody's Escape before I get bored of it since there are practically infinite levels already, and there will be more coming out until humanity colapses."
76561198360690316,Recommended,270210,35354929,Posted: 30 September,all,DatatheSpaceBaby,"A very fun and fast paced rhythm game. Comes with a workshop of skins and color schemes for you to customize to your liking. And you can run to your own personal music library or the music that comes with the game. Very fun and addicting, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,270210,35456172,Posted: 3 October,all,Samurai9400,Nice background when Melody is running. I love how you can use any song on your computer and there are 4 different diffculty settings. I like playing on relaxing just to take a break after work but if you want a challenge it does get very hard on higher difficulties. The developer did a good job updating the game after it released too.
76561198201867220,Recommended,270210,35429835,Posted: 2 October,all,LJon 👁 Nightmare,I really like this game (got it on sale for 4$) its fun for like 10hrs and then from time to time if i bought a new song/album.I hope that this game still gets updates but if it doesnt it would be sad because the song-recognition could be a bit better.But its still worth it if you can get it on sale or it gets updated.
,Recommended,270210,35457274,Posted: 3 October,all,Cyrol,"So I played this game for 4 hours now, and I like it a lot.The algorithm('s) should be in the brightest spotlight here:+ Fast+ Works all the time+ Output is good- Sometimes off beat- Beat recognition sometimes falseThe automatic level creation is a double edged sword. When you ""create"" a level using your song, you wont be able to look into the level before it starts. The only thing you get is a bar in the middle of your screen, showing you where the speed will change. I personally wish for the game, that the dev gets up on his knees and finally releases a level editor. This editor should offer two options, ""Create from scratch"" and ""Furbish"". What those'll do is pretty straight forward. I would really like to see an ingame section where you can download these levels from the workshop or a server. Obviously the song has to be delivered as well.The game is good for what it offers at the moment. You can easily play every song you have on your computer. It's a quick play game. Start it, play it, leave it, come back soon. It's challenging as well, particularly when dealing with >=170bpm. BurgeraX - Scorpion is a song falling into this section. And it can be really hard when you are not focused enough (You have to download it ofc).If I would be able to rate this game on a scale from 0 to 10, it would get a solid 8 from me. It has a small amount of stuff to offer, but its very well executed. However, this game has a lot of potential. I wonder if the dev of this game will come back to this project to add an editor and stuff though..."
