user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,270270,19543472,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,AirFlow,"At first, it was quite challenging to survive in the cold, harsh winter of Siberia. From hunger to thirst, I was searching for better weapons, armor, and loot while avoid/sneaking by mutants(can get pretty tense). Weapon ammo is scarce in the beginning so avoiding enemies is probably best. Had to move out of my safe house so I can travel farther into the randomly-generated, open-world map without wasting any more resources. From there, it wasn't as hard as before but still alot to do and explore. Character level-up is included. Crafting is very useful too. I can build my own wooden cabin with torches all around and a workbench to craft even more stuff. Sorry, no hand-holding here but you can use the ingame manual or actually die/learn like I did. The atmosphere makes me feel like I'm in The Thing (1982), which is one of my favorite horror movie. This game kinda reminds me of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games with the hard difficulties, creepiness, and loot except S.T.A.L.K.E.R. is more polished obviously.EDIT: Love how some of the negative reviews say this game is too hard... This game is one of my fav indie games for sure. Not everyones cup of tea. Tip: Alt -F4 if you're about to die lol and play on normal so you can respawn"
76561198048417808,Not Recommended,270270,31001603,Posted: 7 April,all,ROFLwut?,"EDIT: FYI, the recent player rating for this game has disappeared. Prior to it's disappearance it was Mostly Negative, overwhelmingly due to it's abysmally poor controls. Read the reviews and see for yourself. The Very Positve overall rating it shows is heavily, and I do mean heavily, weighted by a couple years worth of Early Access reviews. Very many of these were written before the new control scheme was even implemented. Check the game's release date and then start following reviews from that time. What you will find is a constant stream of negative reviews, nearly everyone of which mentions how horrible the controls are, if not calls them a total deal-breaker, which they are.The dev posted in the comments here. Says he didn't remove it and I'll give him the benefit of the doubt that he didn't, but it's important to understand that this game's player rating has been on a steep downhill slide ever since it was released.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU SEARCH FOR SOME METHOD OF DEMOING THIS GAME BEFORE YOU SPEND EVEN $1 ON IT! - End of editI've had this game for quite a long time and it has a lot of good aspects to it. I actually feel kinda bad for contributing to the already mostly negative recent player rating for a game that has a lot of good things going for it but I think it's something that ought to be done because, unfortunately,  all of those good things are overshadowed by the atrociously bad control scheme that was implemented some time ago in it's early access phase for no justifiable reason. At that point, despite the game's positives, it became a miserable experience that wasn't worth playing anymore.Obviously, I don't recommend that you buy this game (I used to before they changed the controls) and I'm not even going to bother going into any other details, good or bad, beyond the control issue. That said, if you're interested in it I absolutely do recommend that you hit the forums and voice your concern over the overwhelming number of negative reviews that mention, if not hinge on completely, how terrible the controls are. It doesn't have to be this way. There used to be a completely different control scheme for this game and it worked much better than what it has now.I mean, really, what difference does it make how good a game may be when the controls are so utterly terrible that you can't stand to play it long enough to find out?"
76561198034979373,Recommended,270270,17073112,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Bacon Abomination,"What can be said for a game like Frozen State? A lot.It's a great game in that it's genuinely tense. The stakes are high and you can't just reset the gambles you make. I have been playing it since, I think about the first month it came to Steam, and it has changed dramatically.When I first bought it, I was afraid at first, it would be the same generic kind of survival game that has been washing up on the shores of Steam like rotten flotsam. Frozen State is like a big, ice coated barge crashing into the shore and unleashing a horde of the undead onto your normal beach going day.I have some key things to say about it. The first is that I survived 20 days. That is my current maximum. I found the Mansion, and it was there I died.Word of warning? Humans Aren't your friend. But I did find a car, and by god, that was the most satisfying feeling on the planet to be able to avoide the Piercers, Jackals, Widows and other horrible monsters occupying the wastelands. I could explore so much easier and take a nice deep breath knowing I had a moment of peace.I expect the developers will eventually take the feature of beaing safe in a car, away, but if I could ask them not to, it would make playing the game in the future so much easier.The game is like the era of Playstation 2 horror titles like the Silent Hill series, it's filled with suspense. Every action you do could give you away or get you killed if you aren't careful. I would even say this is a tougher game than Don't starve and I Love how ruthless that game is.I hope for so much of this game, and that's why I delayed my initial review but as it stands, this game is WORTH your 10 dollars. It is Worth your time. The game is hard, which it should be. It's survival horror and it places a hard pitch on the actual survival aspect. If I hadn't been stupid? I could have gone on for probably close to another 30 days with the supplies I found, but one wrong decision, one wrong choice and you're done. Example? I had gotten to the point to use a series of molotovs and had 6 fistfuls of fire to chuck at Reapers in one of the houses and I was an idiot and caught myself on fire. The heat, the sound, it drew the Jackals and I booked it like a mad man back to my car just to slather Stas in Burn Ointment to compensate for my own recklessness. I barely escaped, but I did by the skin of my teeth.On a technical level I will give a moderate review as follows:Graphics: Appropriate - It could be better, but I understand the level and it's satisfactory. I can see things, I know what stuff is. I can make out details and it does the job more than enough.Difficulty: Hard - This isn't Minecraft. This isn't Don't Starve. This is a hard game with definite rules and hard physics in play. Sure you can carry 13 logs in your inventory, but the point is that you need to be careful and cutthroat with what you have and what you take. You can't just plop down some bricks or garbage and block your enemy and you are lucky if outrun your enemies. Don't expect an easy start.Gameplay: Stern but fair - This sounds like a difficulty but as mentioned in the previous sections of this review, this game is about what you are willing to do and how careful you are to prepare for the Icepocalypse surrounding you. It is fun, sneaking past your enemies, hoping to god their cone doesn't spot you so you can get home, getting your base built, HAVING A GUN (with limited bullets) SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO MELEE ENGAGE; all these aspects are some of the rewarding elements to it. Being lucky and being careful are the greatest measure a player can have aside from their own preparedness.Current Cons and suggestions:Character progression is hard. I wish the developers would consider giving you some of the Level-Up Pills every 5, to 10, to 15 days. I have had such a hard run of the game because I couldn't become tougher in-game, only smarter in how I play.I wish you could make matches out of gunpowder or maybe use infected meat to make like tallow or some kind of grease to make some kind of natural igniter.Maybe a lantern not like the flashlight you can build out of scrap metal that you can place would be nice.If there were anything else, right now that I could ask for? Maybe either the ability to armor plate your car with scrap metal or maybe a scrap metal sword or knife so you can make a spear or have something other than the nailed club or axes to kill stuff with.Overall opinion: The game is hard, it's like squeezing water from rocks, but when you get it together it can be so much fun. And while I appreciate the game being hard, as it should be, I wish that the guy I killed at the Manor had dropped at least his axe. All he dropped was bedsheets. To bandage my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Beginners tips?Stones can be thrown as distraction items to lure enemies away.Behind your house is an underground silo thing that you can access in the back-left corner, usually in there are the thermometer and watch. Sometimes a bed and a workbench. It usually has a plethora of goodies in it.Crafting will be your biggest ally as some of the weapons you make are invaluable, and you need to upgrade it to make your armor and weapons better.ALWAYS CARRY SPARE FIRES AND MATCHES and when you find an extra sleeping bag? That also.Trying to upgrade your weapons can cause them to break. I lost my starting axe and a double barreled shotgun this way. Upgrades are always a gamble.Buy it out of 10."
76561198118714223,Not Recommended,270270,24749635,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nubbly The Moist,"This game is just way to clunky and bland to be sold at its current stage. The combat is absolutely horrible to the point of it being impossible as there is no way to dodge attacks. This might as well have been a turn based game with how slow and unavoidable the combat can be. Some people may like a harsh and unforgiving game, but when the game is hard due to the lack of gameplay polish it borderlines annoying. If you can overlook clunky controls, movement, combat, and gameplay then give it a try. Im sure there is a good game hidden under this pile of rugged garbage but it should never have been moved to the ""released"" stage."
,Not Recommended,270270,24751362,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,UrbanFury,"It's an interesting game, but the crafting and building is very limited. You can only build around 15 structures, craft around 10 weapons, and make maybe 50+ various inventory items. You can find interesting things from time to time, but even that isn't great. If you manage to kill someone with a gun don't expect to pick up their gun. More often than not it will not appear. Game just doesn't feel complete. Feels early access. There are a lot of cool things that this game does that few other games do. I can see the appeal. I think all the issues with this game could be resolved with the steam workshop, so if the devs started supporting mods I think the community could do everything the devs didn't have the time(?) to do."
76561198063449504,Recommended,270270,11011733,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Bane,"*Early Alpha Review*Frozen State - Released in early Alpha today 7/1/14 I believe this game has a lot of potential and I am excited to see where the dev team will take it. My first playthrough I survived roughly 70 minutes. A brief tutorial gets you going with the basics and throughout my playthrough I found myself bringing up the Manual to check things such as crafting and whatnot. GAMEPLAY: In Frozen State's current 'state' do NOT expect a run and gun zombie killing game. I found it to be much more of a survival of the elements and finding safe places to sleep, cook food and stay warm. Most of my time was spent going from house to house looking through cupboards and bedrooms for useful items to either drink, eat or cook with. Building fires is absolutely necessary to stay alive along with finding safe places to sleep. As if surviving the subarctic tempurature isn't difficult enough, there are zombie-like creatures scattered thoughout the game. You start with a Nagant 7.62R pistol and an axe, the enemies (two varients that I have found so far) are not the most difficult to kill but I found myself avoiding them like the plague just because I was dying a slow death trying to stay alive without dealing with them. AUDIO/VIDEO: Both could use a little bit of work. I don't need my games, personally, to be the shiniest thing int he world but the visuals could maybe use some work. Noticed some animations were missing and some, like the flashlight I found, were really impressive adding to the overall atmosphere. Audio was OK, nothing to write home about at this point.In the end, I was freezing to death, getting hungry and becoming dehydrated. I was out at night during a snowstorm searching for safe shelter where I could build a fire and sleep. I stumbled across a huge building, I think it was a school, went it and went upstairs looking for either a bed or bathtub. I could hear creatures walking around and it was almost pitch black in the building so I had to move by flashlight and focus in on sounds. (You can hold ""C"" to focus on noises, I thought this was a really cool feature adding to the survival-horror feel) Was killed by a creature that walked on four legs, reminded me of the 'Licker' from a Resident Evil game.All in all, I really think this is what survival horror is about. Excellent dark, gritty and isolated-survival aspects. Needs a lot of work but so far so good. They have a lot of content planned and I can only see good things for Frozen State. Worth the $10? Yeah, help the dev team out with your feedback and I believe we will all be well rewarded in the end. Enjoy!*Edit: "" I stumbled across a huge building, I think it was a school..."" Literally. I found a few bottles of Port Wine and was #$%*ing wasted."
76561197972627965,Not Recommended,270270,26093131,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Xex,"Simplistic and brutal, I wanted to like it. I really did.While the zombie/monster genres are oversaturated, this game adds something relatively rare. Far from being a hack and slash game or a bullet-fest, it's a survival game set in the aftermath of the apocalypse.Graphics:I've seen worse, but thats not a compliment. it's not deliberately retro, nor is it polished. It looks low budget, which to my knowledge is an accurate description of the game in general. If you can live with that, as I could, then this should not be a problem.Gameplay:The trailers conjured up images of a snowy, immersive, single player version of the free MMO 'Dead Frontier'. If you're looking for that or thinking that way, stop; Despite the similar graphical style, this is not it. Controls feel a little awkward but manageable, but, dodging seems virtually useless as enemy reach is well beyond their visible attack radius, and well beyond your dodge movement. Instead, avoid engagements if at all possible.This is a strategy game at its heart, and if you try to treat it any other way, you'll be disappointed. The game is made up of a series of smallish incongruent maps rather than a more traditional 'open world', whether seamless (like skyrim, excluding interior cell loading) or seperated by a loading screen (like Dead frontier).The stealth is fun, if you're looking for a game where you are to creep around places trying not to engage in combat, then this may scratch your itch. Though it is a top-down game, your view is limited by your character's ability to hear or see. In turn, the monsters must sense you before they will attack. Moving slowly helps as does the skill that lets you listen closely to what's around you, allowing you to sense movement (through a visual effect). Bullets seem hard to come by initially, and the monsters are bullet sponges, so save what you have for a special occasion. Melee seems virtually useless too. You may kill one of the less dangerous monsters, but you'll probably be nearly dead by the time you kill them.The AI on the monsters is simplistic and breaks immersion, it is all too easy to evade them in a chase by utilzing their poor pathing to escape. Seeing as many of them are quite capable of killing you quickly, it felt like exploiting their AI is the easiest way to succeed sometimes. If you're making a brutal game, it should be even harder to exploit a game mechanic that's presumably working as intended, otherwise the player could begin to feel that they could easily get out of the situation but must instead choose to die for the game to play as it should.Sound:Simplistic, unimpressive, but functional.Overall:Most of the problems, bugs, and under-developed ideas would be forgivable for an early access game. However, this game is considered to be in a 'released' state, and overall, I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,270270,13855774,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Never giving up,"After I play this game, I'm absolutely into it. Every night I dreamed of the game. Last night I was 'playing Frozen State' while I was sleeping. I just wanted to save and quit it.The developers creat terrifying and haunting atmosphere within the game, and make the players totally obsessed with the atmosphere of horror they create.I'm a girl and living alone. It is too scaring to play at night. I can't withdraw from it in my real life. Every night I ended up with nightmares＝0＝"
76561198011974566,Recommended,270270,12502728,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Fretz,"Very interesting game!I looked for a topdown survival game and i found ""Frozen State""...The first hours were very very creepy!""Alone in the dark cold citiy of duga 40. Leaving the start shelter, looking for some fresh water and something to eat. The wind howls around me. The sun goes down - darkness and deep frost makes me sick... no shelter...by the last sun i see a small datscha - a shelter for the night?....fu** where are the matches?""This could be your first experiance with this game. I was really excited!So some opinions about the devs and the game:Devs:+ Fast replying at steam if there are issiues with an update+ Updates come ca one eath month+ Are very interested in the players suggestions and opinions- At the moment nohing bad to tell about them ;DGame:+ Creepy athmospehre+ Nice setting ( i like metro etc)+ Interessting crafting and skill system+ Many things to loot+ Nice hearing and stealth system+ You can travel on a map like fallout 1, your char lost heat, drinking etc+ Easy to die, when you play like rambo...solid snake is the better way ;O)+ Build own shelter and fortifications- crafting is at an very primitive level, basic things to craft only- no npc quest system- only a small part of the card can be travelled- low content for playing longer- only three hybrid enemiesI thing these would be a great game! There are many things to do ... i will play the alpha and would be happy for each new content they made.Play in progress, alpha version - when you accept this and like survival - just try ;D"
76561198004235940,Not Recommended,270270,24747447,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kauldric,"This game is not ready to be sold in its current state, but shows A LOT of promise.  I am personally going to get a refund and wait until game performance and control issues are solved.  Right now, frame rate is very low (e.g. 20 fps) on medium settings whereas I can play all other games on max settings (e.g. Witcher 3).   The controls are also clunky and hard to use, making the game not fun at all.I am looking forward to this game being ready to play at which point I'm willing to change my review."
,Recommended,270270,32065417,Posted: 30 May,all,Depleted Residual Material,"A complex and hard survival horror game with pretty sophisticated crafting system, huge random loot diversity and interesting horror settings. However serious gameplay flaws related to akward camera controls and clunky melee combat mechanics (but not as tragically bad as many revievers say) can make the game unnecessarily difficult at some moments. ""Large open world"" as stated in the official description is a little misleading because the province where you are placed in is in fact devided into rather small self contained locations (which vary in their size and of course the scenery) accessible only via map fast travel or special transit zones initiating new level loading. One thing I personally dislike cuz it makes the game feel unbaked despite of fact it left Early Access a few months ago is the lack of character appearance customisation - it doesn't matter you wear a warm coat and ushanka or a light jacket with winter mask and backpack, you always look the same.Despite its flaws I still recommend this title mainly because it has a great post-apocalyptic atmosphere in winter scenery and really terrifying otherworldly foes. If you are ""The Thing"" movie/game and S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series fan  then you should feel at home while playing ""Frozen State""."
76561198010436041,Not Recommended,270270,24769246,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jose,"The combat is poorly implemented and feels very unresponsive making it almost impossible to attack or dodge anything. The fact that you are almost constantly battling with the controls makes it even worst. I generally do not play games that are in early access because I hate struggling with incomplete game mechanics in unfinished products. This is exactly why I get even more angry because it feels like this is exactly where Frozen State should still be, in the ALPHA STAGE.I honestly loved the idea behind this game but there are way too many flaws to overlook. I will definitely not be investing any more of my time into this unfinished mess"
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,270270,24768506,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Corwin86,"A real shame... the problem is not the game (interesting, but quite difficult), or the graphics (simple, but nice), or the gameplay/settings (enjoyable)...Is the simple fact that the controls are terrible, real terrible!It's difficult to look around, take something and (not a little problem, in a game like this) fighting the enemies!The price would be ok... if I could play it!"
76561198081103893,Not Recommended,270270,30679055,Posted: 22 March,all,DoublePlusUngood,"Well, put it this way I am going to keep checking on the game because I knew it wasn't finished when I bought it.  That's the basics of it. At least I hope so, I say that because as far as I can tell there are only like 2 or so Devs. OK fine, gonna take a while, but then I see they are now working on a NEW project called ""project N"".  Now I can't see how they are gonna find the time to make a whole new game and give this one the attention it needs.Hate to do it but can't recommend right now. It COULD be a great game but they have to finish it and fix the controls.  Yes you are not suppose to go guns blazing but just making controls terrible isn't a good way to make this clear.Hopefully I'll change the review soon as it's really atmospheric and feels cold and alone. Right now it just feels off and hard to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,270270,24769907,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Raknd,"A lot of potential, but in it's current state it should in no way be released as a completed game. The movement is horrible, melee combat is just terrible and general control is bad at best."
76561198068794960,Not Recommended,270270,33483133,Posted: 12 July,all,WakendBake,Dont bother the devs have quit on it.
,Recommended,270270,11365003,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,• Δ JFCarl,"After 10h playing this game i can say:You will buy a game of looting, with some good features.You need to do the basic to survive: eat, dring, sleep, keep warm.You will kill some zombies.You will die for some zombies.You will learn how to cook.You will craft a lot of campfires.You will get mad, because is really dark at night and you need battery to your flashlight.You will realise that the world is still in construction, so there's not a lot of places to go.You will try to find the biggest backpack, because once you're lost it take some time to find your way home.You will realise that if the game goes multiplayer it will be awesome.You will always have a lot of matches and paper.You will see that follow your steps home is the best way to find yourself."
76561198086882386,Recommended,270270,16131492,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Satans Cahones,"First off to the developers, love this game. Very hard core survivalist, very fun very unique.Problems/ bugs I have encountered.For a game still in Alpha I have only found one problem with this game. Bandages don't work and your character bleeds to death no matter what I do. I used 1 clean bed sheet to create 7-8 big bandages and nothing would stem the bleeding. Don't know why it doesn't work, food, water and clothing all work fine.First off this game is very easy to get into, its a single player game not co op or multiplayer.Your enemy? The weather, starvation, dehydration, keeping warm and... people infected with a violent space parasite.Parasites (they look human but usually have extra probiscus mouth sticking out of where their mouth is. You used to only get medium sized ones a jackal type that runs on all fours and giant lumbering ones. Now there seems to be a fast biped runner parasite very scary if you aren't used to seeing it. A lot of fun.Keep warm, scavenge every corner of where you are, cupboards shelves, cars even the occasional vending machine. My current record is 6 days alive. See if you can beat that.All in all 10/10 really enjoy it."
76561198067730371,Not Recommended,270270,26761213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MichaelBae,"I want to love this game because of how detailed everything is, however the game is nearly unplayable in its current state. The game is too hard in all honestly and I never thought I would say that. I don't mean its hard in a Dark Souls kind of way either. I mean your survival is entirely RNG based rather than based on skill or tactics. Dont get me wrong skill and tactics help but will only get you so far. If you're burned badly and never find any burn ointment or anything to craft said ointment then expect to die. Sure I guess just don't get burned to begin with but certain enemies have a % chance to apply a burn affect to you upon hit... doesn't make much sense but I'll take it for sake of arguement. But now you are either A, going to find ointment based on RNG and survive until the next time it happens or B die horribly and have to restart all over again. I shouldn't have to load last save every 10 seconds to hopefully not get the same bad RNG.The RNG mechanics in this game are done all wrong in my opinion, although I dont have any ideas for fixes or improvements so I am not one to talk. Again I really want to love this game but i can't right now. Maybe wait till it improves if you're thinking about buying it otherwise expect to either live or die based on RNG. You will guranteed either die horribly and often or get lucky enough to make yourself so overpowered not much can stop you anyway...Sorry for the rant..."
,Not Recommended,270270,24753332,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,tieio,This should not be released yet. It lacks content and certainly has some opimization to go through. I cannot recommend it and am a little unhappy they went full release on this.
76561198053610061,Recommended,270270,18377155,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,hippielettuce,"This game is worth the $10 I paid for it. Its challenging, hack and slash, crafting, exploration, survival, ET's, loot,RPG. I mean, what more could u ask for in a $10 game?. I recommend this game 10/10"
76561198107203211,Not Recommended,270270,33477073,Posted: 12 July,all,zachlee40,"Game was abandon by the developers, but can still be fun to play here and there. Play at your own risk though. A few issues were never addressed as it never left beta, if I recall correctly."
,Recommended,270270,14287685,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Wiggins,"Even though this game is in early development, it's a very solid alpha build.  I am enjoying it incredibly and I look forward to the future development of the game.  The developer seems heavily invested and he is very active on the forums.  I'm hoping for the best because this game has a ton of potential!"
76561198133037325,Recommended,270270,15284400,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,LunchBawx939,"I love this game and recommend it highlyi can play this for hours on end just hoping that the next loot run does not kill me, the only problem i have with the game is that when i am upgrading or repairing a weapon of piece of clothing sometimes it destroys it i don't know if its supposed to happen or what but its the only thing i find wrong with the  game."
,Not Recommended,270270,30828034,Posted: 30 March,all,PAW.Predator,"Great atmosphere, good combat moves, good sounds and good surviving systemcould have been million times better with an open mapGood every thing + very bad controls = unplayable gamei bought it hours after it appeared on steam and when i played it the controls were very stupid but i thought this is Early access and ofcourse the controls will be fixed and improved but that didn't happeneven when trying to play with a controller the game acts like twin stick shooter (WHY?)i think the guys behind this game was thinking how to make the worst controls everthe good thing is they achieved it2/10"
76561198104089191,Recommended,270270,12525165,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"A good play! Not a jump in and do well right off the bat game. You start off in a random situation, always the same 'safe house' but your character has random things he starts with, in a random spot on the map. Then you need to make a plan, do I go out today, or can it wait? What do I really need?Then you go out, you learn quick that avoiding the infected is the best bet, because you may be able to fight off one of them, but they are not there for you to hack and slash through. Not a good plan to try that.Even in EA state, this game is great. Just do be ready to die a bit."
76561198007805234,Not Recommended,270270,24756540,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Vimes,"Tough one to review as I simply could not get around the control system. The combination of mouse and ASDW keys should make this a pretty simple game to move around with, right...? Well it isn't. Having played many games which use that combo I can't believe how a developer could mess that up to a point where I simply struggle to perform certain movements etc without having to relearn how those keys and mouse direction function for this game.A real pity, and I'm still following the game and it is still in my wishlist, as I love the premise of what the game could offer. Whether it would have been satisfying or met my expectations I do not know as due to the refund limitations policy I decided to call it a day and just get a refund.Sadly, some of the play videos on Youtube didn't illustrate the problem as, I assume, those who are playing have adapted to the control sytsem.I can’t recommend this game due to that awkward control system so Dev’s please consider making some changes there.Back to playing The Forest, or 7DTD……"
76561197963161776,Recommended,270270,29340403,Posted: 18 January,all,Razor,"Really interesting game so far!Something to know is that the game world is made of individual areas that are randomly scattered on a large world map. You simply fast-travel between areas on the world map, but once you reach an area you can explore it with your character. It's similar to games like Fallout 2 or Dead State.Combat is in real time, hack-and-slash style, but it's supposed to be a last resort. As far as I can tell, using stealth to avoid enemies is far more viable. Fighting only gets you hurt and makes you waste supplies, although you can find helpful loot on enemies.+ The scavenging aspect of the game is really interesting. You'll have to thoroughly explore various locations to find stuff you need. The different locations are very nice and well-detailed, and quite large too. No two areas feel the same, and every element of the map has it's place and a purpose. There's also some hidden areas that you won't notice unless you pay attention when you explore.Searchable containers can only be highlighted with your mouse when you are very close to them, so you'll need to really search around for stuff and you won't immediately see everything that is searchable at a glance as soon as you enter a room. There's also a lot of locked doors that you can open in different ways, which adds some obstacles to your exploration and keeps you active.You'll also need to avoid the mutants as much as you can, which adds challenge to your scavenging. You can't just kill all the enemies in a building and then search it peacefully, you'll have to use stealth and be careful not to get caught.Finally, you'll need to plan your scavenging runs carefully. Make sure you pack enough gear with you, but don't take too much either or you won't be able to bring a lot of stuff back with you. You have to consider how far you are going, what you want to bring back with you, and what supplies you will be able to find or craft at your destination. If you're exploring a forest, you probably don't need to bring a lot of firewood and food with you.+ Crafting is important. You can find a lot of stuff by scavenging, but you won't always get everything you need. To acquire the stuff that scavenging doesn't give you, you need to craft and cook. A handmade axe, bandages, clean water... Crafting isn't just an option in this game. When you get back to your camp after exploring another area, you need to start crafting the stuff that you need before you go out again.+ The mutants are cool. They're creepy (as well as their names) and there's a bunch of different types. The models are also well detailed if you look closely, they have all sorts of unsettling physical attributes. They really make you wonder what exactly could have caused them to look that way. They really make you curious about the backstory, and I hope the game reveals lots of information about the mutation.+ The survival aspect of the game is well developed. You have to watch your body temperature, your hunger and thirst, and various health attributes (poison, bleeding, burns, fractures...). You have to craft items to keep you alive and you even have to clean your water or make sure your food isn't contaminated. If you're a beginner don't worry, on normal difficulty the survival aspect is not too hard to manage. But it is a survival game, so you need to pay attention to these things and you can't simply ignore them.+ If you die on normal difficulty, you can restart from the beginning of the area so you won't lose all your progress. To keep things challenging, the area also resets: monsters, searchable containers and items all change. There's permanent death on harder difficulties.+ You develop your character's skills by finding a special medication. It's an interesting mechanic, you find the drug randomly by exploring or looting enemies. So obviously the more you fight or explore, the more likely you are to find that drug, but there's still a randomness element to it.+ There are vehicles to help you move around and carry more things. They need fuel though.+ Hunting wild animals is an option for surviving, but you probably can't survive solely on this. It's a good way to find food and animal pelts to craft clothing with.+ Can't say I've noticed any bugs. There are probably a few, but so far I haven't seen any. The devs must really have worked hard to clean them.- The movement mechanic takes some getting used to. Your character seems slow to respond sometimes. It can be frustrating in the begnning if you try playing this game like a hack-and-slash, but it's fine once you realize that this isn't how the game is meant to be played. You're supposed to move stealthily, and melee fighting should only be a last resort. Also you're supposed to be really cold most of the time, and in real life that does make your reaction time slower.If your character had the reflexes of a ninja, combat would be far too easy and you would just slaughter monsters with no trouble. So the movement mechanic is not so bad, you have to get used to it and it can be a bit annoying at first, but after a few hours it's not really noticeable and overall it helps the game.Overall, I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys survival or scavenging games with horror elements. I'm actually surprised it isn't more popular, because despite minor flaws it has a lot going for it. Make sure you give it a few hours to convince you!"
76561198053292615,Recommended,270270,11047403,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,10k,"For those of you that want a video First Impressions, here you go :-http://youtu.be/nQ1bZ3dsPMwPleasently surprised by this game. While the survival genre isn't exactly new (and let's face it, survival as a genre is very over-saturated these days) this game brings a rather unique twist with it being based very cold temperatures that make exploration need very careful planning, as one wrong decision can cost you dearly, either from freezing to death or the alien hybrids that have nothing better to do than to make your life a misery.Interiors of buildings are randomly generated which in turn mean that items are also randomly generated. Your starting gear is also randomly generated to an extent too, which is rather nice as it brings a fair bit of variety. A decent example is that the first time I played I got a nice revolver with plenty of ammo. The second time round I didn't get a revolver and the third time I got a revolver but had the wrong ammo type.The hybrids hurt, It is advised to try and avoid combat if possible (however you could go in guns/axes ablazing, just don't expect to be in one piece after though :p). You can sneak by crouching or walking to reduce noise you make, as far as I can tell it seems to work well enough.While the controls can get a bit of getting used to, they work fairly well. Line of Sight is implemented very well in this game where you have a cone of sight that is movable with the mouse.Really enjoying it so far, although I haven't put in as much time as I would like. Would love to see more crafting options, randomly generated maps (as well as interiors) and more functionality. I will be following the game to see how the devs expand the game."
,Not Recommended,270270,24770298,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Scouter51st,"Although I like the concept of the game, the controls and UI feel like early access at best or rather it's unrefined/clunky"
76561198127597980,Recommended,270270,19733116,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MatteBlack3,"Very atmospheric and well thought out. With more updates and polish this could well be one of the best survival games I've ever played. Devs, please know that we support you on this 100%.I've also noticed that this game could be played pretty nicely on mobile platforms if ported right. So consider that an option as well."
76561197987748571,Recommended,270270,20293416,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,VZ,Absolutely worth bying it. Nicely playable even in alpha-version.Just spend some time to adopt interface and craft-system.
76561198196949003,Not Recommended,270270,25310996,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,The Dead Kennys,"I really, really want to like this game more than I do right now - the premise, concepts, and the atmosphere are great, and the game overall clearly has a lot of potential, but actually playing the game just feels so... tedious. The main reason for that is the clunky, sometimes even counterintuitive controls, which when paired with the low framerate makes even simple tasks more frustrating than they should be. Combat is even more of a pain for the same reasons.I like that certain things are realistically scarce and specific, especially when it comes to guns & ammo where most games would have all weapons use the same generic ammo, but this doesn't hold as true when it comes to crafting recpies that need THIS exact kind of rag and not THAT one - things could be simplified a bit.What little of the story I've seen so far seems VERY interesting, but the gameplay issues for now are just too frustrating to press forward and they kill any sense of immersion within the game's world. Which sucks, because I'd really like to enjoy the story and atmosphere that hint at what could be a damn good horror/survival game."
76561198009813131,Not Recommended,270270,30216592,Posted: 27 February,all,The Revenge of Beavis,"Great idea. Fantastic setting, music, etc. The constant howling wind makes me feel cold and immerses me in the game. Too bad the idiotic movement/combat system makes the game basically unplayable. With normal controls...or at least the ability to change the controls to normal, this game would rock. Until then it's gonna gather dust."
,Recommended,270270,24449756,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MyMy,"Frozen State is one of those games with many flaws that you keep playing anyway. Currently it's one of those '6/10' titles that could be much better, that you won't suggest to many people, but fans of the genre and setting ('Fallout in Syberia') will have some good time playing it anyway.Now to details. The core of the game is sustaining life (usual parameters plus temperature), which is satisfying and not so hard. All while looting stuff and progressing with items and attributes. All that happens very slow and in my opininon should be slightly faster. It's easy to get killed there so if it had no checkpoints I'd quit that game right away. First hours into the game I wouldn't even try to kill anyone - first, there's no interesting enough loot from mobs, second - it's not resource effective, you'll spend to much time licking your wounds. So for a few hours it's an ok stealth and grind game.And I actually like the part where you pick your own fights and learn to avoid dangerous enemies, as many modern games walk you by hand through safe zones and quests. So in the end Frozen State gives you this tingling feeling 'oh you wait big zombie, I know what I need for my next big gun and I'm coming for you right away... like in another 5 hours of gameplay'.Even though the game is not expensive, I have big concerns about it being ready to release very soon - as it says version 0.99. If I weren't invested 'stop being Early Access for 5 years' movement I'd say this game needs another 6 months to release.Looks of the game are ok, nothing special, not ugly, not beautiful. Items and crafting are ok, I've seen better, I've seen worse. I have mixed feelings about controls and character behaviour, I think it's somewhat clumsy, hard to control, not quite responsive. The interface is mediocre: you can't see the exits on the map and the marker is so small that you can barely guess the direction you are going. Gun play is ok, it feels more like a half-baked real-time tactics battle. Melee weapons are underwhelming, ranged combat is 'click to shoot from the safe distance, go back, rinse, reload and repeat' - that was my crossbow tactics. Another concern is that I could wish something more substantial than mindless RND grinding to pass the main quest.Now you may I ask why it's thumbs up? First of all, I may have a soft spot for 'Fallout'-like worlds and survival progression. Another thing is that there's plenty of negative reviews already and I'm trying to balance it a bit. There are small things that are interesting, like at night you literally can't see anything without flashlight (and battaries), so unlike in real life you have to sleep at night. Another thing - you have to find and equip the thermometer to get the temperature GUI. Another thing done right (for me) is that life sustaining is neither punishing nor burdening, so you have plenty of time for looting and discovering. For instance, there's Subterrain, which is better and more intriguing on all levels, but I don't like being punished, I want to cherish the new backpack I've almost died for and I want to bring it home and save there.You should pass if you are not a big fan of survival games. You should also pass if it's released as is without substantial time taken to polish it and add more meaningful content. Buy with discounts and when you played them (Wasteland, State of Decay etc) all already and missing these vibes. On several occasions, when dealing with one or another glitch (like disappearing corpse), I was hesitant about recommending this game at all, but now I settle on cheering up the developer so that they don't give up on game."
76561198009192659,Recommended,270270,26511461,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,K2D2,"This is an awesome game. Allbeit with many twists and turns in it's development.This game is a must have for the gaming crafter survivelist whom wants to have fun in frozen wastelands, while fighting mutants, and maybe repairing a transportation vehicle along the way.The above being said in early game a going in with guns blazing approach will slay ye dead. This title isn't for running and gunning gameplay, but requires (and most often rewards) a more cautious style of gameplay.Fozen State is part Survival Sim, part exploration and looting, and part Antazidol addiction!!! (wich is the substance used to increase skills both combat and survival related in the game)And now that it seems patched and optimized well enough to run on Win10, a pure joy to play again.The game has a good feel to it with recipies the player has unlocked for combat and survival, and the only real question is  can you find the mats needed before dying in the cold, or from the challenging mutants. Ones that are lethal and lurking about while trying to.A fair warning about this game in early gameplay. Consider a restart if you don't start with either an Axe and being able to craft 5 (or more) Campfires before leaving the house your character starts in. Just a bit of advice.And followed by this bit as well. Buy this game!Especially if you like a challenge and a game that rewards you well for cautious exploration, survival crafting, and well prepared hunting trips for mutants."
76561198020310336,Recommended,270270,25390328,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TRG71,"Short Review:This game makes me sad. It makes me sad because it really is very good - it's just 20 years too late. Nowadays, games are bigger, better, and more glorious. This one won't wow you - but if you are patient, it really is a pretty neat game."
,Recommended,270270,12370325,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,C0URAGE,"I haven't played this game for a long time, but i feel like i have learned enough about this game to do a review on it.     First off, this game is great, the graphics, gameplay, and crafting are very good, for an Early Access game. I enjoyed looting every building in sight, hoping to get a nice weapon, or some useful supplies. This game focuses on survival, your obvious enemy are the zombies, but an uncommon enemy as well....the weather. The game takes place in Siberia, so obviously its gonna be snowing and cold, but that means that you cannot stay outside for long, or you will suffer from hypothermia. This game is very clever, you cant just stay inside one house the entire time, you will eventually have to go out and get supplies, so each time you go looting, it may be your last day. Another cool and uncommon feature is the sleeping mechanics, you can find beds, bathtubs, or sleeping bags to go to sleep, though you will have to put a campfire next to you, or you will freeze to death, also you can be killed in your sleep, by zombies. Overall, for an Early Access game, i will give it 9.5/10 i really like survival games, especially ones with zombies, and this game is really good. I totally recommend this game to anyone looking for a nice survival game, and i hope the Developers continue with the great updates. :D"
76561198090461601,Recommended,270270,15632045,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Texas Infidel,"Game is hardcore! Love it. Always updating and keeping it going! Havent played much just waiting for more updates, but the game is def worth the couple bucks."
76561198078036345,Recommended,270270,20540295,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,zaruum,"Challenging one of the only games that forced me to rest through and wait out each night instead of just plowing through. Came across 4 bugs, 1 was game ending, and the other 3 were just annoyances. The game in its curent state is playable but still requires  polishing, and fleshin out of the quest markers. Has a ton of potential. Fingers crossed."
,Recommended,270270,12618942,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Krabbypatty1234,"I haven't played too much of this so far but i feel like this is a good game in progress and the developers keep updating the game and they are open for hearing problems and bugsI remember playing my first time. so i went out of the starting house after getting all the stuff and going to a new zone, ending up very cold so i tried to look for a place to stay the night but all i could find were destroyed houses and zombies so i ended up having to take my cyanide pill.This game is a good game from a good concept, you have 3 main zombie/hybrids, a fast one, a standard sort of zombie, and a big tank styled zombie although the fast and standard zombie are relatively easy to handle alone, the tank zombies are hard to handle unless you have ranged weapons but guns make a lot of noise, attracting a lot of zombies to you.Saying that though there are usually not too many zombies per zone, But besides zombies because they are not your main enemies the winter and survival is your main enemy, the winter prevents you from just frolicking down streets and it makes it a bit harder to see as well as limit how far you can zone travel before you need to go and explore the location for shelter and survival makes you need to eat, drink and sleep  forcing you to look through new zones for loot.There probably more i could say but i would probably just repeat other reviews as it is"
76561198064206553,Recommended,270270,13473031,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SneakyGunz,"This game has a ton of potential! It's will make you jump out of your skin sometimes. The devs are very friendly and helpful.   So yeah, I absolutely recomend this one. And for the price you can't go wrong."
76561198108949699,Recommended,270270,25853289,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,vandegg,"This is an awesome game. It is crafting and survival but also reminds me very much of fallouts 1 and 2 with the interface and atmosphere. The game is very easy to jump right into and is initially very forgiving as you figure out how to keep yourself warm and fed. character stats, crafting and combat are all very intuitive, and while other people complain about the controls, I have not had an issue playing on mouse and keyboard.After putting about 20 hours into it the only complaints that I have are the lack of NPCs and quests. They are there but they are very few and far between, which makes the game feel very desolate, but maybe that was the point."
76561198018850691,Recommended,270270,11177571,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ekty,"For an Alpha version this game is quite amazing, the atmosphere is great, pure isolation, coldness and darkness, i think that somehow this game took a bit of inspiration from STALKER Shadow of Chernobyl and Silent Hill 1. Surviving in this siberian town is not easy, monsters are a big threat (specially inside the buildings at night),the cold outside can kill you quite fast, and for the worst...night time in this game is extremely dark, if you get surprised by the the night without batteries, you will have a hard time surviving, and even harder if you lost all track from where you came. Frozen State looks promising, and for now it is worth every penny."
,Recommended,270270,11160700,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Aborted,"An intriguing and intense surivival game.Survival games as of late have drifted away from their core ideas, with many games being produced with points on action rather than pure survival, while others such as DayZ or Survivor Stories are often focused on multi-player. With Frozen State, produced by Snow Arc Studio, normally known for Mobile Apps, we see a clear return to the genre's roots.Taking control of one of 3 characters, (only 1 available as of now), the player is thrust into an icy, post-apocalyptic world with meager supplies, and no bearing on their goal or object. Using a classic top-down view, the player must venture through the cold, and traverse numerous randomly placed 'Zones', complete with decrepit buildings, and the crumbling tenents of of former society. The wind and snow constantly blow, quickly chilling you to the bone, giving you the choice to to run for cover, or start a campfire to preserve your body temperature.Supplies, food,  water, and sleep are constantly an issue, forcing you to scavenge every cabinet, fridge, chest, and pantry in order to survive your body's constant needs. Mutants also roam the wasteland, presenting another threat to survive, making you use found weapons to fight back against their presence.All in all, a fantastic survival game that looks very promising."
76561198010676821,Not Recommended,270270,24761619,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Suspect1001,If you like battleing the controls more than the environment then you might have some fun with this game. Overall boring to play and controls are horrible.
,Recommended,270270,11240384,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Copperic,"By far the best game in its class!Ive played around 10 hours now. at first I thought that the controls sucks and needed fixing, but over a little time they are perfect and dont need changed at all, game play is soild so far. only minor things I dont like. The main thing I dont like is the tilt/angle of the sceen or how far you can see. I think it needs to be tilted a little more not much just enough to say see 10-15 more feet of in game distance. other then this I give this game a 8/10."
,Recommended,270270,11109806,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Brad,"Mac version works well. I played on an Early 2009 Mac Pro, 16 GB RAM, Radeon 5870.No bugs / glitches during play. I really liked the audio in the background, it provided a lot of atmosphere. Enemies were tough if you don't have good weapons. On my first play through I died fighting a monster with my fists. On the second playthrough I was able to find a lot of supplies raiding a 3 story apartment building (with a yeti monster inside). I was able to take out several enemies with either an ax or a firearm at range. The only thing I had to worry about was finding a place to sleep. I am glad you are including a sleeping bag because that was going to be one of my first suggestions.The movement was different from what I expected (I thought you would use the mouse to change direction), but I found it actually provided some advantages such as running backwards and firing at enemies. The crafting is easy to use and intuitive (combining elements to make a meal, then putting them on a fire to cook them and make them edible). I like the different outfits (coats and hats) providing different defensive and temperature protection.One big request is to get the map working. Moving through the different maps worked well, but it was hard sometimes to remember where the nearest bed is. One issue I noticed was going to one area then going back to a previous area, but your perspective was rotated 90 degrees. The camera could be rotated back, but since you don't currently have a map it was occasionally difficult to find my bearings. Also, if you could add notes to the map that would help.Sometimes I would find a building / house with something blocking one of the doors outside (like furniture) and you are unable to cut through it. The only thing you seemed to be able to destroy were locked doors.Some feature requests: key remapping - everyone has their favorite keys to perform actions. A save game feature - I had to finally kill myself in one game because I was bored and could not save it. Since you start out in the same house every time, how about adding a home base to store items and protect yourself?I have been following this game since its Kickstarter campaign and I am very impressed with the progress the team has made. You have laid a solid basis for a great game."
76561198057150579,Recommended,270270,11110181,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Flluka,Died from Kefir 10/11 will play again!
,Recommended,270270,12590769,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,JinXeD™,"never been a fan of those aerial view survival games, but this feels different (kinda gives a breathe of fresh air to the genre) i really love the survival aspectbuy it!you wont regret it =]10/10"
76561197992990897,Recommended,270270,14721384,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Spooky Swamperson,"This game is fun. its a lot better now then when it was first released, it has really fleshed out, its been improved greatly since the early days. if you're looking for a good apocalyptic survival game with intense gameplay moments and a good creepy atmosphere, this is it!"
,Recommended,270270,11071239,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Flexus Maximus,"EARLY ALPHA REVIEWThis game has exceeded my expectations, I'm loving this game already! This game has a lot of potential and I mean a lot, I am really looking forward to see where the team will take this game. This game adds the perfect mix of horror and survival.On my first playthrough I survived about 30 minutes, wandering through an ruined siberian city, the chills just gets to me, my first encounter with an enemy actually startled me, I'm really excited about this game, it's so much like Project Zomboid but with so much more potential. The only problem with this game is the lag, it's an amazing game but the game seems to be very choppy, but it's an early access game so thats understandable. I knew I made the right choice buying this game!Cant wait to see where this game goes!"
76561198036010164,Recommended,270270,11105553,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Shisus,Love the ideaLove the gamethe craft thing reminds me of pipboy 2000highly recommend for fans of the move like The Thing
76561198080814679,Recommended,270270,14025695,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ld-airgrafix,"Its a decent game, it delivers exactly what it promises. Not many/if any bugs at all.  The environment is very believable. Controls can get some getting used to.It is a true survival game, you scavenge while ♥♥♥♥♥ting your pants, i wish other better known survival games would offer this.Im not sure which way the devs will go with this game, however atm its just one of those games like state of decay, where you play it to kill time or bored. it becomes repetitive as there is not much to do except scavenge, there is no true base building or some kind of aim to this game, as you keep on moving to new areas as you survive, you will die eventually, some mutants are just too strong, no running away from them or barricading yourself.  Once you die you start all over again, same place.Its almost end of 2015, I just came back to this game after a long absence, many new items, mutants and animals added. It has become a much better game, but controls are still hard.  its still  avery much survival game, get caught out unprepared and you die."
76561198051610436,Recommended,270270,14884608,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Hamster Jelly,"""If you're not dreading every single monster encounter then its not horror is it? You're just setting up a failing pest control bussiness.""If you're a fan of survival horror this is something you're gonna wanna grab.The monster population is actually surprisingly but pleasingly small - it means its still an event as well as surprisingly and worrying when you actually run into one or two of em - instead of mowing them down by the dozen with a sword or machinegun.Every enemy type (but some more than others) can cause a serious amount of damage and even poison or make you bleed. Going into sneak mode and trying to get by unoticed is possible but if you get caught, panic and open fire any nearby enemies are gonna start smashing down doors and running about looking to finish your weakened♥♥♥♥♥off.On top of this the cold is quite a serious problem - lose track of time while out scavenging for food or meds and you can find yourself after hours, in the dark, in minus twenty degrees celsius snowstorms with about five feet of visibility. You see a crumbling structure up ahead and head inside hoping to find some shelter and maybe somewhere to set up a fire and sleeping bag - only to hear the growls and footsteps of the current ocupants. Which would you prefer: sitting there next to the fire all night staring at the doorway and hoping they don't find you, or go off and try and clear the building out in both the cold and dark?Included in the game are skills which can be upgraded with points found while generally looting or sometimes on the corpses of slain monsters. Skills include resistance (cold, posion) crafting (more items to make) strength (bare fist damage, carry weight) and more.Also, bases. Technically a player can make any building they found and clear out their home sweet home but they also have the option of crafting four different buildings (ascending in size) almost anywhere they want. In the same ""buildings"" tab ""homely"" craftable items are avilable such as crafting tables, storage boxes and torches to spruce up your new home or refurbish your current one, and fotifications such as wooden walls and spike barricades.Oh and did I mention that like in project zomboid and one or two other games that enemies don't appear on your screen unless you are facing them? That means to make sure a building is completly secure, every cuboard, toilet, nook and cranny much be searched. This also means that you may not notice an enemy was hiding around the corner until its picking its teeth with your bones, or that the enemies chasing you were a lot closer than you thought but didn't know until you stopped running and turned around to check.Cons: (In order of nit-picky-ness)Player controls, movement and combat, are pretty clunky - its next to impossible to defeat an enemy using melee without taking a few hits.More craftable items needed - walking around with a cart full of transistors, insulation, paperclips, light bulbs etc. that sound like they may be useful in some contraption but at the moment seem to have no purpose in crafting.Player appearence doesn't change - may seem mild but I dislike when your character doesn't change when equipping new armour/clothes. It shows clear progression and looks silly in this game when in reality you are wearing several polar bears to brave the winter colds but your character appears to be knocking about wearing jeans and a t-shirt.I could continue nitpicking but many of these will likely be fixed after a few months or when out of early access and if, like me, you're a fan of survival horror this is a game you are gonna want to keep your eye on."
76561198161253744,Recommended,270270,28941206,Posted: 2 January,all,Hal Ramersby,"One of the most polished and atmospheric indie zurvival games. If you like looting, crafting and exploring, this one might be for you. Don't take my word for it though, watch some YT playthroughs if you are considering to buy."
,Recommended,270270,11041906,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,theatomicplunger,"*MAC USERS*This game has one of the best ideas ever! The only problem I have with this game is that it is very laggy. I know this is the first edition of the game and there needs to be improvements, but even with AA and VSYNC turned off and all graphical setting are at very low the game still runs very choppy. I own a Mid 2012 Mac Book Air with 8 GB of RAM along with 1.8 GHz, and sadly this game is unplayable. Hopefully in updates to come they will fix this and I will be extatic to play the game. I would recomend this game to anyone who loves a good survival simulator, I know this because I have watched reviews and gameplay of it. Overall I only played about 40 minutes and I loved the idea."
,Recommended,270270,11047522,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Magepa,Mother of God!This♥♥♥♥♥♥like dayZ +Fallout!This is ♥♥♥♥in* awesome!Pls Keep working 2 patch this game!Im ♥♥♥♥in*love it!
76561198116591074,Not Recommended,270270,33329296,Posted: 6 July,all,drsugarbush,"I want to like this game, I really do, because the description sounds like a lot of factors I like in a game. However, I could not get past the terrible controls. My options were to change the camera to auto rotate (camera follows cursor), which caused it to rotate so quickly, I was soon nauseous, or to have it only rotate when I hold a button and then move my cursor (AKA never, as this isn't really workable while trying to explore). Even when I did the awkward manual rotate, the camera movement was far too sensitive, and there was no setting to decrease the sensitivity for either auto or manual."
,Not Recommended,270270,30389988,Posted: 8 March,all,lawchau,"I hate the game control, everything else is good. Wait for the developer to improve the game control."
76561198021613237,Recommended,270270,18051604,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,A.Z.,"I really like the feel of this game the creepy and depressing setting coupled with little to no human interaction is really well done. It makes the whole you gotta survive on your own mentality surface.+ Hack and slash combat+ Being able to build/craft everything you need to survive.+/- Choose from 3 playable characters, I would have preferred creating my own character but that's just me.So far its a great game, and I'll make sure to keep this review updated as I get more play time into it."
76561198102302636,Recommended,270270,11387134,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,bbaileyn7,"I can understand if people are nervous about paying for an Alpha game, however few alpha games are as good in there early states as this one. This is an Alpha game that has tremendous content very early on.It is a survival game but very few games make winter an enemy. Cold weather can kill you if your not paying attention to your temperture and if you decide to take on a hybrid, (the current enemy in the game) you have to be fast because some will kill you without thinking about it. This game is not a complete rougelike but if you die, you restart, and about ninety percent of the items and objects are procedural generated. Plus (as I said above) the enemies are as deadly as the weather itself.Now the game is early so it has it's fair share of bugs, but from my experience I didn't come across any game breaking bugs and I play this game on a laptop with an Intel hd graphics 4000 (I did have to reduce some graphic settings). There's not much that I dislike about this game, the enemies are done right so far, keeping track of your characters health (food, water, etc..) isn't too bad, and having the random generation changes things up a bit.The issues that I do have, is that there is no sprint button. So it takes a while to do certain things such as gathering wood to build your cabin. There's no map, so it's very easy to get lost if you don't keep track of what your doing. Also there's only three enemy types and there's only one that I try to avoid (fortunately more are going to be added soon). Besides that there isn't anything else that bothers me, I would highly recommend you try this. The Developer is very nice and he listens to people on the forums. Most devs don't do that. :)"
,Recommended,270270,11298051,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Lacrima_Christi,"- EARLY ACESS REVIEW,MAYBE I WILL CHANGE MY OPINION AND STUFF,IF I WANT. -In the first hour,all I can say about the game:Nice 3 type of enemies,normal zombie/or whatever that is,fast one and there's a BIG one too,I think they will put more type of enemies anyway.In this early acess,you have only one characterThe early acess map is really little/limited,so I can't say too much about it.The graphics are okay for now,but I think they can improve them.I think they must add a side story and a coop option.I hope they add more archievements (probably they will) and cards.The ''idea'' of the game is really cool, I'm looking  forward for It."
76561198021491959,Recommended,270270,30895116,Posted: 2 April,all,Solidfox7777,"If you read nothing more, this game is fun. Of course that is if you like this type of game. Now, what type of game is this? I guess the easiest way of describing ""Frozen State"",  it is like ""The Long Dark"" with mutant aliens giving you a hard time from a top down angle.You hunt for food. You need supplies. Aside from hunger, thirst, tiredness and everything else you would expect from a survival situation, you also have as I said above--mutant aliens. What do you do? Your best to avoid them.You randomly start with whatever gear the game gives you, which can be annoying, but from there you do what you have to in order to make it to tomorrow. Peronally, I love these types of games.I did a quick play through, and died early because I didn't know what I was doing at the time. But as  a beginner, you can expect the same thing, and kind of see for yourself  what you will be up against. Check out my mini series and see for yourself and make an informed decision.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJmQ1neyJ1YXuEvr93wcITLUxMkMNk8r6Any questions, leave me a message and I will answer as honestly as I can based on what I know from what little I've played."
76561198118833571,Recommended,270270,19661323,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,darknomad,"This game should be on your list! I am impressed with the direction it is going. Now i will point out some realistic negatives that if solved put this game over the top!Combat seems wonky! Not fine tuned enough, swinging or shooting into the air. Gun accuracy I hope, is increasing as enemy gets closer?I am finding all kinds of things that seem to serve zero purpose. These could easily be crafting opportunities! Typewriter tape to make rope perhaps? Where is rope?I should not see everything craftable in my list!!! New things should open up as I increase the skill. That way its a mystery that keeps me wanting to invest in it.Crafting needs to be tripled in content.The survival aspect is well done, I will say day and night cycles rather quickly! Fix it.Factions and NPC's!!! Will triple the gameplay.Co-op mode..not multiplayer team deathmatch etc., just co-op.If these are implemented, this game will be over the top!I would recommend this game in current state!Good job Developer"
76561198075032994,Recommended,270270,16332176,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Karma,Great game! Love it! Watched some Let's Plays before purchasing and I am thrilled with the content in this game! I also love how involved the dev(s) are and how quick they respond to and resolve issues (I personally haven't had any issues or glitches with this game yet). Very promising game and I can't wait for more updates! Thanks for your hard work that results in my entertainment!
76561198114211938,Recommended,270270,25934106,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,copeti,"TLDR:If you're looking for an entertaining and somewhat challenging survival sandbox game, I warmly recommend this one. It has some quests, a very good mood and environment and a higly randomized open world. And you only get one save slot.The winter setting has a bit dark taste, which suits the mood for these kinds of game. You start off in a hut with some random stuff in your inventory and around you. At the beginning, the game is challenging, even on Normal difficulty, but your struggles are rewarding. The randomness of well...almost everything in this game makes you feel uncomfortable at each visit to an area, and especially at each death. You might find totally different loot after reloading your only save. You might ponder on this save option making the game ""too easy"" for hardcore survival gamers, who prefer permadeath above all, but I'd say otherwise: it's a game, its purpose is to entertain you, so it's good to have a limit to the consequences of a decision you make.PRO:- randomness: puts excitement to a new level, you find different area layout at every start of a new game- open world: you can stop anywhere on the map, the game will generate a random area for you, with some loot, enemies, resources- one save slot only: and the game only saves when you enter an area or exit the game- setting: this cold, wintery environment with blizzards and fog and wind can increase your worries, if the lack of save option would not be enough- many items: you literally have (or...litterally LOL ) dozens of types of stuff to acquire, and many of them have no real purpose, but you cannot know in advance what might come handy later- support: the dev team is very helpful and responsiveCONTRA:- randomness: sometimes the loot in an object is crazy and somewhat illogical, and you cannot go and search for certain items, because almost anything can be found in any lootable objects...but hey, what if another survivor thought the toilet would be a perfect place to hide an assault rifle, or a box of matches- abundant loot: after some time in the game you just have too many of everything (except for tech weapons :-) ) -> I've played the game on Normal difficulty only, maybe it's indeed ""hard"" to survive on Hard diff- controls: need to get used to it, takes some time, but not long though, still, it's hard to measure proper distance from an enemy with melee weapons- lack of quests: OK maybe it's not the game's main purpose to provide endless side-missionsbut there are only 2 quests which you get at the beginning of the game"
76561197970841667,Recommended,270270,11099003,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Gris,"Frozen state does a wonderful job of portraying lonliness, the fight for survival, and a creeping sense of dread as you peer around every corner, and into every room. The game has randomized loot, crafting and survival elements, as well as monsters that remind me very much of the creatures from 'The Thing'. While the game is still in alpha and early release, I believe it is fully worth the pittance you pay for what could be hours of fun. As a plus, the developers seem to really listen to the comments people make, and take a keen interest in player suggestions to further develope and refine the gameplay. If you are like me, you'll love helping give the developers more ideas and create the game to be what you want it to be, unlocking the potential of community development.If you enjoy ""breaking & entering / Treasure hunting"" games based around survival of the elements and unknown enemies, as well as unforgiving consequences to every action and 'Permadeath' roguelikes, this is the game for you. If you prefer a more casual gaming experience, this may not be your cup of tea.In closing, I highly recommend this game to the more 'hardcore' crowd- Players which enjoy games like Project Zomboid, State of Decay, and DayZ."
,Recommended,270270,24281080,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Concrete Galoshes,"For what it is right now, it is worth 10$.It's been in EA for 2 years, I'm not entirely sure how frequent the updates are, nor if they add a lot of content at one time.The combat is alright for now, the enemies are very basic and can be kited into easy deaths.There are human enemies, and human scavengers.Not really sure of a difference between the human A.I, but I find some shoot at me, and some dont.Could be bugged not sure. But I often lure the mutants into the huamans, causing one of them to die, and one of them to be greatly weakened.Seems the game is very basic right now. Which is fine, because as is I've racked almost 20 hours, and have no interest in stopping. But there's no end goal, point is just to survive, scavenge and build. Which I'm all for.It grabs a lot of mechanics from other games, and blends them together really well, making it an experience on it's own."
76561197966435823,Recommended,270270,33878926,Posted: 29 July,all,Ben,"TLDR: Hollow survival game that can be a lot of fun if you don't expect any real depth. This game has a great core and lots of good ideas and mechanics but the potential is sadly mostly wasted. Adding some depth such as more quests, goals and story to all of the mechanics and gameplay would make this a truly good game but now it just falls disappointingly flat.You might enjoy this game if you get into this not expecting almost any depth. It has a lot of great elements such as crafting, cooking, looting, shooting, melee etc. that are fairly well made but there's not really any real point to anything.Sure you're supposed to find some parts for your vehicle that breaks down in the beginning of the game but that's about it. Collecting a great amount of loot and weapons or building a base doesn't really bring you any sense of progress as there is no one to trade with, no one ever attacks your ""base"" and there are maybe 3-4 characters in the game that you can ""talk"" to.Basically what you'll be doing in this game is going from location to location looking for loot and killing some enemies. Repeat this process around 50+ times and you've pretty much seen it all. The only thing that's changed at the end of all this is that you've got better weapons and a stronger character that can kill enemies more easily and carry more crap around. Yay.You'll gather a lot of stuff you don't do anything with, which indicates that the devs planned to create a lot more variation to crafting and a lot more ways to use different items but now all these items are basically just random trash you collect for no reason.I'm saddened to realize that this game clearly  left Early Access without actually being finished. Now the devs are working on something new and the great potential of this game will likely never be fulfilled. A shame really, because I think this could have been really great."
,Recommended,270270,11052929,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Wynne D. Fanchon,"Love the game,looking forward to multiplayer <33"
76561198065855049,Recommended,270270,11618439,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Swagrid Parky,A MUST BUY GAME!Good stuff.Awesome game! very jumpy for a person like me.Good stuff about this game!>Nice loot>Cool Maria Character>Cool weapons>Wish there was more ammo> Nice graphics>Great Fun> Good FPS> Very enjoyable and addictiveNew stuff i wanna see in the game!>Get a little less cold? its just boom and your dead> Loads more characters!> New weapons> New zombies!> New clothing!> More maps!> Online!> New items!> Bandits!> New camera views? (Maybe.)> Clothing that changes appearanceAnd whatever you think is cool!Really good game a MUST BUY!Keep up the good work!
76561198030544033,Recommended,270270,11022305,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Noonga,I found a condom in a apocolypse 10/10
76561197971387955,Recommended,270270,12736072,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BubbaGurt,"Very fun game. You get to build anywhere you want that is outdoors, which is awesome.I wish there where more written notes and diaries that actually tell you something. I've done 4 play throughs and searched everywhere and everything and have only found 1 note that tells you the codes to all the vending machines. That's it. :(Overall thoughts on the game as it's still in Alpha. 7/10.(Combat) 5/10, it's pretty fun, but will get boring after a while. It's still a challenge though at the start.(Crafting) 7/10 It basic, It's easy. You can craft on the spot without needing a workbench, and even build large structures.(Building) 8/10 It's easy and fun. You can freely build anywhere you want, except indoors if it's a wall or barricade. The rotating is slow and you can only rotate one way. So if you mess up your angle, you'll need to restart.You get resources back after taking something down you've built, which is good.(Cooking) 5/10 You get quite a few different cooking options for the food you've gathered. Some foods need to be prepared by crafting them with some water so it can be cooked in a fire or stove. You cannot plant and farm anything in the game, so most of the food you will find are packets of oatmeal, rice, tea, instant coffee, etc.Instant coffee is one of the best things you can find. It will recover your Body temp, fatigue, and thirst all in one when crafted and boiled into a Hot cup of coffee.(Monsters) 4/10 Even though they are hard to kill when outnumbered, there are only 3 types. 1 fast, 1 normal, 1 slow.Jackjumpers = Fast/Normal strengthGhouls = Normal/ Normal strengthPeircers = Slow/Very Strong, Critical hits.The most monsters I've seen in one place was 2 piercers, 4 jackjumpers, and 3 ghoul things. You don't see many of them though, and only a few. :PAfter you are equipped with a decent weapon, some armor, and good defense and fighting skills, it's easy and sometimes so boring you just end up throwing grenades around for fun because you've already blasted all the other monsters.But don't get me wrong, at the start of the game they are very difficult to fight."
,Recommended,270270,12563402,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Vaelek,"This game definitely takes a little bit to get the hang of. Expect to die relatively quickly your first play. It reminds me a lot of the videos for Darkwood, but with better graphics. Not all items scavanged seem to have a use yet, but even in its current state is quite enjoyable. The devs seem very active and involved in community discussions. Definitely worth the $10. My first 2 plays I survived 2 days, my current playthrough has had some close calls but I'm at about 2 weeks right now."
76561197997844880,Recommended,270270,26260983,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,frank,I liked this game. It's solid fun.I eventually felt I had played it even though I didn't 'finish' the game. I am not sure exactly if there is an end game to the story and though it is still in developement it doesn't hold much of a replay appeal for me.60 hours of solid diversion for $11.99? Money well spent.
,Recommended,270270,11394294,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Desperado,"YES, I recommend Frozen Ground. Still early access but what's not to like. Available features works fine. I think the final product will be awesome.  The only thing that I need to get used to is the control of the character. The use of WASD makes the movement a bit awkward. Will a point and click system not work better? Regardless I enjoyed what I’ve experienced thus far. Keep up the good work guys. This is going the be a gem."
76561198114272359,Recommended,270270,11139684,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ryanchehab,good game but needs some work
,Recommended,270270,14843726,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,vonminus,"I've had some fun with FS in the current state.Has a lot of potential, but currently not much of anything you haven't seen before in other crawler/craft games.CONS: Frustratingly annoying UI for inventory (knowing how much you can carry), seemingly random inventory organization and crafting, hard/impossible combat with melee vs ranged, + I have no idea how long to sleep/rest or what time of day it is... and controls are a bit sluggish.PROS: Over all great work for an alpha, significant polish and artistic touch in the animaitons, and graphics, huge assortment of items to gather and craft + interesting assets and lore ready for fine-tuning, cool environment elements like combo locks and bolted doors, really cool destruction physics (when destroying doors), great macro to micro engagment with map travel (a la Wasteland 2), and the enemies are pretty scary.Can't wait to see where the devs go with FS"
,Recommended,270270,15765199,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Gannon,i really really really recommend this game for 10 dollars US you get on of the best survival games out there. there are a lot nowadays claiming to be survival and most aren't this game is. its perma death but there are ways to save if you don't want a super hardcore experience if you do want a harder time living then you got that too. the paranoia and fear you get when searching and worried that around the next corner is an enemy you aren't equipped to deal with or the hope that in the next area your looting that you can find some food or some ammo. great game and the devs seem to listen to feedback and suggestions a lot they are alwyas trying to make the game better from what i read and add a good helpful community you get a solid experience for 10 measly dollars.
76561198074390411,Recommended,270270,15340694,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TDRay,"Frozen State is a survival game with an aerial view and a few good elements going for it. Crafting, basic needs in game such as hunger, thirst, rest, and keeping warm. But a lot of that you don't learn to do in the start. The tutorial, if you can call it that, is very breif, and traveling is very confusing. Overall gameplay wise I would give it a 3/5 for now, but it is early acess and will be improving. I play Arma 3, on all low, in a 1024x768 resolution with overall distance at 10000 ( i like jets) and objects at 2000 and shadows 100. I can get around 30fps. Not very good, but playable. In this game, im not quite sure why, but with it all on low and same resolution it feels like im getting frame rates in the teens. Now I will admit, my system is pretty low end, but I play games much more intensive at better performance.  So right now I would say this game needs optimized in every way shape and form. And the map sized per location, isn't terribly large either, so a high framerate would be expected. Would I recommend this? Eh? Maybe in the future if the game improves I would right now, maybe, depends on the friend."
,Recommended,270270,13910574,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[CCP]Yorny,"I totally recommend this game, This game have a lot of potentials. From my point of view, since the launch of Fozen State into the market and now a lot of things has changed. This isnt really a game like Dayz, well yes, kinda, like you kill monster and try to survive but actually its more the cold that you want  makes the game very realistic and make it hard to play, thats the challenge we are looking for.As well as the creator of that game did not let it down, i know few games that were Early access but are now dead. But not this game, the people who make it are really into it and thats what we want to see. Good job guys and people who wants to buy should definitively buy it."
76561197985757241,Recommended,270270,31402867,Posted: 27 April,all,Malcor,"The survival in this game is proly the most realistic survival I've played and the most difficult. The controls are a little awkward. The movement and mouse control  is the same as a FPS but in semi-top down view which makes controlling your character a little awkward and difficult which takes some getting used to.  It would be much better if it were in FP view as woiuld the immersement imo. Everything is random and scarce. Enemy aliens are tough. Finding guns or rifles with ammo is great but use them only when you have to as you'll be luck if find more or any resources to make  more of either, since the weapons wear out.Without bandages, enough anti-poison, and ranged weapons, avoid enemies at any cost. They will seek you out if they hear you. If you can't fidght one and it starts chasing you , lose them or run out of the area. If the enemies don't kill you via poisoning or bleeding, the cold or lack of food/drink WILL.Trying to catch animals for meat is useless without a ranged weapon. Good luck finding what you need to to get clean water from snow. Gas cans are almost everywhere but none of the vehicles run unless you manage to find one and the gas cans are heavy, so you can hardly carry one with everything else you'll collect by the time you find a vehicle.TL/DR: This game is unforgiving. So far, I've survived for 1 day I think, unlike some others. I decided to try this game because it sounded hard. I had no idea but I haven't opted for a refund yet either. Why? Because, it's not boring or stupid but a challenge."
76561197980667134,Recommended,270270,24801375,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Redwire,"For the price, i think this is a good buy. Been having alot fun making narrow escapes from seemingly hopless situations. The controls Do take getting used to and that means some actual time spent playing this game. i bought a triple a title along with Frozen State and have yet to play that over this. Don't get me wrong, i will, but this is an interesting little game that i can see myself playing for a spell."
,Recommended,270270,25219998,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[DMH] CreimPhilled,First Attempt:-find random crates-Hot damn a gun-No bullets-Die of exposureSecond Attempt:-looting-Find ammo I needed during First Attempt-damnit-figure out how to avoid dying of exposure-die of hungerThird Attempt:-spend hour crafting basic needs-kill bandit with knife-get both gun AND ammo-die from bleeding-Intermission for cigarettes and meditation-Fourth Attempt:-utilize all my knowledge from first 3 attempts-upgrade most skills and first melee weapon-fortifying outpost-cold snap-die of exposure10/10 would break my headset again
76561198134546005,Recommended,270270,11280034,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,N7 Slayer,"Great game! Has alot of potential, but of course because its in alpha, alot lot of things need bug fixes and smoothing out like the ineventory system"
76561198128920396,Recommended,270270,11788303,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,HPman213,"Frozen State is one of the few game of its kind that I really enjoy. The idea behind the game is pretty basic, but the game is really worth all of the time that the Dev. Team has done with this game. The only issue I have is the combat, it just doesn't work well. Overall I really like this game, and I hope that this Dev. Team keeps working and doesn't abandon this project.I give this game a 7/10, and I know that my opinion of this game will only get better."
,Recommended,270270,12872564,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Abra,"Surprisingly enjoyable for its position as an Alpha.I do like the temperature system, especially how the cold doesn't just immediately kill you but rather drains health over time. Combat is a difficult as there is no way to block enemy attacks, although that might be the point as this game seems to advocate hiding and running from the monsters as opposed to actively combating them.I am really interested in the ability to build complete structures such as cabins and the like. Although a cheaper version of a campfire would be nice, perhaps like how Don’t Starve has the normal campfires that burn out and a fire pit that you can restart if it dies without having to make another.All in all I think this game has promise and I get a lot of playtime out of it."
76561198039387454,Recommended,270270,13811593,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Big Earl,This is not a walk in the park.Mainly because I dont get lost in a part all the time.Lost Simulation 2015
,Recommended,270270,23635541,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Kolymsky,"This game is great, runs well and looks amazing, the only thing I would like to see added is multiplayer, then there would be alot of replay value.7/10"
,Recommended,270270,14752292,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mavlana,"this is a survival game, i'm actually trying to survive and work for it and run for my life ^^ for god's sake don't consume dairy products in a post apocalyptic world(wish people  in walking dead were aware of that while scavenging for milk long time after the z outbreak from stores :D), kefir won't do either :)"
,Not Recommended,270270,24814660,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Fatikis,Short Version: Very poor game.  Extremely buggy.  Interface clunky.This game feels like it is in extremely early alpha.If it was in alpha I'd actually say this is an ok game that has potential.Seeing as this was released as a full game in this state I cannot recommend this game.This game was no where near ready to be released.
,Recommended,270270,12130189,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,CONSTITUTION,I am just waiting for the next update.... :)You want this game to improve fast? Multiplayer? More types of Monsters? Bigger Map? More weapons? Etc..Then be the SPONSOR........ orWAIT!!!
,Recommended,270270,11549461,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,im high on meth and snails™,"I'm on my third day, got alot of food, some i had to google cuz i had no idea what the hell it was. i drank some kefit which i read the discription after consuming and apparently dehidrates you and also on top of that gives diarreah,so all and all that was a good time.Soon after i replenished my thirst in my♥♥♥♥♥♥stained pants, i went into one of the towns and got some snow to make some fresh water for my feast late at night, and while i took shelter and built a fire to melt the snow and regain my tempature back i heard the door get smashed open, which scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me to begin with, but then to add on it was a giant zombie creature thing with some type of machete arm thing, so all and all the♥♥♥♥♥♥stained paints became even more browner then how they looked with the stain, but thankfully the thing was slow so i let it come in and then walked around it. then i went back to my house, went to my bed room, made a nice warm fire and ate the finest spaghetti i had in years, and a nice cup of warm hot tea and went to bed.And what the ♥♥♥♥ did you do today?"
76561198123898827,Recommended,270270,11556770,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Sandy Hook Slayer U_M_G: ™,"WOW...game has great potential and so far i really like it. played for 2 minutes ( my second time playing ) first time i got murdered almost instantly by something in a dark house lolits a cold game..cold in many ways. the temp is cold and its cold as in unforgiving..in a good way. everythingcan kill you. the weather, monsters, dehydration, starvation etc. in game playersare able to cook food and caffee and whatnot. construct simple walls and cabins for protection. i found a mp40, axe and another axe in my first house.i would go more in depth with mytrview and i will again after more playing but im tired lol.basically everyone else who had made a review covers all the bases anyway.i would really like to see multiplayer sometime along with more construction of some sort. also maybe npc characters that will follow and help you? kinda like a party of some sort."
,Recommended,270270,11958962,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,darknight,"this is a good game, the main graphics are a bit gritty but fit in well with the theme, a nice touch is that your camera is overhead, and trees/lamposts get blurred out as they are higher.the game gets regular updates as well as a good dev, this is only going to get better and better, its not easy but thats half the fun eh"
,Recommended,270270,11529229,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Gaming_Guru,This game is a really fun topdown survival game so far. some things are still bugg such as the health and damage dealt from enemys but it shall be fixed later on. I hope the developers keep doing what they are doing and make this game my daily survival game.
76561198137228154,Recommended,270270,11916981,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Cerxion,"THIS IS AN UPDATED REVIEWI love this game, in fact it's now my favorite game that I have on Steam. Yes, I know that it's still in Alpha stage but It's already extremely fun. If you're suggesting of getting this game, get it. This game is worth the money right down to the half penny.=========================================================================I also have some thing that I believe to be bugs that can be fixable:PROBABLE BUGS:The light from the flashlight is always on, even though I don't have it equipped.The light is also not coming from the character and sometimes it splits into two light beams when there isn't anything their.Another thing is the lag, you need to fix this or less people will buy the game. just try to get the game to play as smooth as possible and more people could buy the game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SUGGESTIONS:Your character wearing clothing is visible in the game instead of only seeing it on the LUCA-12 when equipped to have them look different so the player doesn't have to look at the character wearing the same clothes even when you have something else equipped.more types of Hybrids instead of just the Piercer, the Jackal Jumper, and the Gaunt.You could also make wall break from explosives and from a large enough amount of damage from Hybrids.==========================================================================Here are some suggestions for new kinds of Hybrids:The Climber:The Climber can climb buildings and go through open passages like open doors, windows, and holes in walls.The Chunker:The Chunker can pick up rocks, debris, or even the player. It can also charge at you in a straight lineThe Possesor:The Possesor can control abandoned cars and can make them drive at you, and can catch your bullets and throw them back at you. The Possesor can also (if you take my third suggestion into account) throw cars through walls to get to you. You would probably think that something this tough would make the game impossible to survive but the Possesor's weakness will be a very low health that you can kill it in about five hits with a large kitchen knife.I hope you take these into consideration.Thank You, Cerxion"
76561197968900970,Recommended,270270,12208251,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,realdead_man,"(EA/BETA REVIEW)Yes.  Watch the video, read the forum.   The game is getting better and better......"
76561198092857831,Recommended,270270,11521241,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,BLUE_EYED_DEVIL,"If ya like survival games & u like topdown games youll luv this,but if u hate fun,then dont play FrozenState,u people wouldnt like it!"
76561198097216500,Recommended,270270,11545817,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ḌÜፑፑÍກ,I know this is still in early development but i do notice alot of lag in the game i thing it is worth my money because i belive that u could fix the lag problem up most likly when u go to beta i also like that even tho its a birds eye view game it still scares me not knowing whats around u 24/7 i only have played it for an hour and i would recommend this game to my friends
76561198068963697,Recommended,270270,12091594,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Grizzly32,awesome game i love it    only thing i would like to see is the controls to be changed dont like the way u move ur character
,Recommended,270270,17019603,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,corry.hewitt,only played this game for a short time but so far it seems very good especially for something in early access.the only problem i have with this game is that it runs very hevilly on my pc and i hope the developers find a way to make it run less heavily.i highly recomend this for any fans of survival games even if id does have some problems in its current state.
76561198170678322,Recommended,270270,15331080,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,BadManWill393,A little bit clunky but for the most part it's a really well done game. Feels like I could die at any moment. I like that.
76561198027075881,Recommended,270270,11455479,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,SneakyHaggus,"After 17 hours of playing I can honestly say this game had me hooked.  Feels like the same game concept of Dungeon Seige, a great franchise.In the beginning I struggled to stay alive, usually dying because i had no water or matches to light a fire.  I also died a couple of times fighting the muties until I learned how to defeat them.  There are plenty of items to collect out there.  I stayed alive for days.  I found some back packs and could carry 250 of gear.  And I was.  I had to start dumping stuff.  Got caught in a small room by two muties.  Death comes in numbers.  When you die you start over.  Will this change?  Will you be able to save?  Maybe when all your bars are 100% a save feature comes up??The C key for listening doesn't seem to work?  I had muties close and when I held down C I still could not hear them any clearer.Even in Alpha this is a good game.  Looking forward to the other aspects of the game getting fleshed out.  A big one being the skills pane.  As you progress you should get better at surviving.  There are very few guns and ammo.  Don't change that.  They are hard to use at range anyways.  Hence skill progression.A map would be great.  When i walk through the tansition zones I find myself getting turned around and going back to where I had already been.  Maybe thats on purpose?  It is dark and blowing snow at times, easy to get lost.  On the blowing snow topic.  I would say I played for about 10 to 15 game days and it was always the same weather.  Change it up.  It has to stop snowing sometime.One annoying thing.  You can crouch, which works for evading enemies.  But you can't jump?  This would be good for hopping over some of the small obstacles when running from enemies.  Instead of getting trapped and dying.  Again maybe this is on purpose?  Try to blend a little realism in the game.  I should be able to jump over small fences and debris if I'm fed, watered, warm and not injured.  Right??  Keep up the good work.  8.5/10"
76561198063850407,Recommended,270270,24789427,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Yinto,"This game is actually pretty fun. I just kinda bought it randomly, after playing and enjoying This War Of Mine. It has a few flaws like the having to always re-work the camera, but I got used to it, so it doesn't really seem like much of a problem now. Playing this you'll be afraid of nearly all of your first encounters as you release that ;lyour health can go down so fast with just a few hits. I thinkl this adds to the gameplay, because for the most part, you will feel like a P***Y. Which I'm completely fine with as long as I live. One thing that i hope the developers will do in the future is to make it so that everything you find, espeacially the useless items, can be broken down so that they can be created into other items like parts to make ammo, of bandages. All it would really do is help out those first few grinds, so that you don't have to find the ""exact"" item to make soimething. Other than that though, i'd give this game a solid 8/10. Oh, and if they improve the  interface, make it a bit more appealing in menus, that, would help make the game not feel old"
,Not Recommended,270270,18073356,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Stephen Stills,"Hypothermia simulator. By no means a ""bad"" game but by no means a finished product. Giving the game the benefit of the doubt it is in Early access and certainly has a lot of standards to live up to and achieve. Sadly that being said this game updates on a basis which is next to never leaving this game to be one of the many that seem to have been left to rot by the developer atleast in my opinion. And really at the 10 dollar pricetag it's one you should leave on the shelf as well. With the combat being one of the major points of this game it falls completely flat as a mere joke of what it should and could be. You are simply left to click until the thing dies or you die. The plot development is completely no existent I really have no clue what you're supposed to do other than survive. And even that's hard with not dying to the cold being next to impossible if you don't know exactly what you are doing. That aside the game has a half decent crafting system which revolves around all of the meaningless items you find lying around in drawers, cupboards, and fridges which is honestly quite odd. I could've said something along the lines of found a couple of tripmines in a fridge 10/10 best game and left it at that. But who the hell would take that seriously even though it's something that actually happened. Poor mechanics and a lackluster system of doing things leave the game with alot to be desired but as far as procedurally generated horror games go it's not at the bottom of the list. 6/10 Could be better... If you want to see some gameplay here is a link.https://youtu.be/yBwO0jye5aM"
76561198075201786,Recommended,270270,18254991,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Combine Elite,"Yes this game does really catch my eye on the randomly generated worlds,difficultly,alot of differnt ways to survive,and all of the mobs in the game.But I have a glich that makes my temputure go down very slowly but up very fast but anyways I  still suggest you play this game if you can because in my oppinion its a blast!"
,Recommended,270270,15173949,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Slaanesh-Bait,"The game is amazing in pretty much every regard so here is a short story of what happend to me , and its an average run as my luck goes.So I came across a large apartment building and decided to check the top floor and work my way down , After clearing the top floor I hid away in a room with a sleeping bag , my fire and a bear trap in front of the door and I waited for the night to be over.After I woke up i searched the lower floor and checked the first apartment to the left where I came across a zombie that took a few shots with my pistol to kill , I checked the room and grabed an AK-45 and some power cells for a laser rifle then ""BANG"" down came the door to the apartment across the hall , two leapers came running towards me so i walked towards them firing and by the end of the clip I had killed one and made it to the door and legged it out of the building into the blizzard where the leaper had lost my track, it has taken a while to build up the confidence to go back in to any of those apartments."
76561197970182188,Recommended,270270,14927604,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,z1,"Awesome game!Haven't made it a day yet, and I loved every second of it.  My playtime is short so the fact I'm already recommending this should mean something...  I won't get long winded on you guys.Graphics aren't anything special but the atmosphere and soundtrack make up for it.  Gameplay is solid for early access.If you enjoy survival games it's a must have IMO.  Can only get better from here.Devs sound pretty cool too.  Always a plus.I was lucky to catch it on sale for like 6 dollars and change, and it's worth more than most games I've payed 5 times as much for.Good time to be a gamer.  Lots of great survival titles being developed."
76561198149926450,Recommended,270270,12190115,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,:::Small Islander:::,FUNANDGREATATMOSPHERE
76561198133891302,Recommended,270270,12194230,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,sbs,the game is well done and very stable so far. Still working on it. But has potential. I personly don't like over the head veiw games. but the game play is solid.
76561198006561843,Recommended,270270,18306749,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Darkside99x,"Simply a superb game, even at this early stage, has such an atmosphere especially when using headphones."
76561198034389955,Recommended,270270,25561403,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tumultuous,"Not much time played but first impressions have menthinking I'll be addicted for awhile atleast, sci fi some horror and a survival game definatly worth a go if ur into those genes, not usually a fan of the top down view but it works, the game makes me forget it's top down view for the most part pretty immersiveUPDATED after 75 hours....one of my favourite indie games, it could use more crafting content but there are alot of pick ups in the world to compensate, definatly play on hard, normal is cheese mode, way to many supplies, the game starts hard to suvive but after a few days you build up lots of stock to be able to explore. there are a couple small bugs and one exploite ive found but nothing game breaking, there is just enough storyline and interesting pickups to keep you interested just as it starts to feel alittle stale. im still finding new♥♥♥♥♥♥ only problems with the game is that you cant have multiple saves going at the same time, and the fact that when you upgrade your gear you dont change your outfit, just small gripes.people complaining about the view and controls feel like they are exaggerating the controls are fine and the view only gets annoying once in awhile but you can use your `hearing` to see if there is an enemy just inside the doorway.Modding would be amazing for this game, would love to make some extra content for this... would definately buy and expansion if they make one in the future"
,Recommended,270270,11437901,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub (KETH),im really enjoying this game and there is a lot of fun to be had with it. for sure worth 10 dollars also because the state its in its worth the money and time and there is only more and better stuff to come! buy it and you wont regret it
,Recommended,270270,15072002,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Aulait,"For an alpha game, this is good. The lighting mechanics, visual gameplay, and crafting menu are well put together, the combat is a little strained if your on a hill as you can't swing down but the settings make it so if your smart you can control the combat.I would recommend buying this now, while it's in alpha build incase the price raises later on, it promises to be a good game going into beta, and I can't imagine how amazing it will be when the final product is prepared."
,Recommended,270270,17329525,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Task Force 131,"it is good game but div need to work on it .graphic 9/10sound 9/10AI ???  i did not see any AI til now .realistic 8/10developer team works 8/10...........................................................??? for now .single player time + 10 hoursmultiplayer time   ????worth to buy this game with  9.99  price  YES ,but keep in mind this game is Early Access now"
76561198140257724,Not Recommended,270270,25099409,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mimer,"Since it's out of Alpha, I think it's fair to say that the game still suffer from performance issues and imbalance.Performance: I don't have a high-end machine so I stick to simpler games - and this one has no Witcher 3 graphics, it's quite a simplistic game.My specs are above the recommended,and still I suffer from laggy controls (lowest settings, all fancy work turned off, OK FPS). When I move around, and when I mouseover stuff, there is a slight delay that gets annoying. It's like the visual cone stutters, which is still evident in parts of the promotional videos.Imbalance:Just as an example, enemies that poison you are abundant. Antidote is rare...so rare. You can craft an antidote later on, but the poison-spitters can be your very first enemy.(See coments.) Also, I've started the game with a Piercer (1-2 hits to kill you, ~20-40 shots to kill it if you have a gun and ammo) in my basement.Other than that, it's an OK/good game. Depends on how much you like the survival genre. For me, the performance issues are too annoying."
76561197989621299,Recommended,270270,15595768,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,{EATIL}HalfAzn,Seems great so far. untill 2 hours into it locked up in loading new area....>.<..Would be nice to have some sort of mini map as it gets confusing where you are and what direction your heading...only way is to tab which becomes very annoying...As still in Alfa stage.. i look forward to more ...CO-OP???
,Recommended,270270,11265702,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Vaylgar,"For the state of the game, it is actually very fun, ive wasted most of my day on it, has some bugs, getting stuck in the arcitechture still present, really a lot of items,  in game a lot of them obviously for future crafting and have no use atm, mostly all you can do in crafting is cooking food and making campfire. Lots of area to explore very  easy to get lost, I recommend graph paper like old school mapping from AD&D days , glad I am a expert there LOL!The game is very fun even though it is still missing the majority of the content and stuff, no skills, map, journal, and most of the crafting not in yet, No quests, missions, objective other then staying alive and not freezing in the cold weather , SO EASY TO DO! Awesome for an alpha early access, I dont do early accesses anymore since 99% of these are TRASH now with the major influx of survival wana be games thrown together put in early access and forgotten about and they run off with your money.I am hoping this wont be the case here with these devs , the game is so good already, when its released the 20 bucks if they complete what they are boasting which should not be hard code, just lengthy, then this will be worth 20 easy, and ill be glad I paid 9, which I am already its quit fun even in this early stage!  8 out of 10 stars for my rating for an alpha!!I have seen some people say they had performance issues, I can tell you as a computer expert and someone who keeps my computer free of troublesome malware and such, but also using an almost 4 year old video card Radeon HD 5750 1 gig I HAD NO perfomrance or framerate issues, I had no crashes, and my first sesson was 7 hours long. The game runs very well and has no performance issues for clean running systems, some people need to stay off those porn sites or atleast run a good antivirus malware software :)"
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,270270,34421751,Posted: 22 August,all,Revixy,"The UI is clunkly and broken.Not easy to navigate in it and the game itself feels very empty.If the games UI were more welcoming to players who've never played this game before, I would probably recommend it.Took me a long time to really get a proper understanding of it.What I do like is the narrow field of view you have as the character, but everything else is below avarage at best.5.1/10."
,Recommended,270270,31926109,Posted: 23 May,all,PhantomSoldier,"I LOVE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! i just got into the whole crafting survival thing recently and what caugth my eye was this had zombies, this game will ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥and make you call it daddy! There is no holding back, this game is damn hard but awsome! There are three different characters with each different strenghts and you get to level your character with a stats tree #SOMUCHWIN! My only problem with the game is the character movement is slower than a snail but if you can get past that the game is awsome! Also on top of that the zombie animations have RAGDOLL PHYSICS which to me enhaces immeriosn ten fold. Also good loot is VERY hard to find but that is part of the addiction is wanting to restart because each new game is different loot, i got SUPER lucky my second character restart and got a PPSH rifle but did not realise it was a super rare weapon and restared lol."
76561198118684052,Not Recommended,270270,30338192,Posted: 5 March,all,RapedIntoSawdust,"Never written a review before. Game seems pretty good, but Jesus the controls are awful. Camera work is awful. It seems like the basic controls of getting the character to walk or move in a specific direction should be the simplest aspect, but in fact somehow they messed it up to the point where its almost unplayable. Shame."
,Recommended,270270,14717256,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,[]slipstream[],"Yeah...so...found 2 condoms in a medicine cabinet.Produced in USSR, by Mosrezina. Size2Now the game becomes more interesting lol 10/10"
,Recommended,270270,22378497,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Paraplex,a great survival game...love the snow setting.you can feel how cold it is when you play the game.
76561198041917037,Recommended,270270,14062327,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sadiebubs,"Ok so this game is in early alpha so you cant expect too much, but for what it is its a good game and has alot of potential.Some problems I have with it is he fact that its not fully fleshed out which is kinda obious you know alpha and stuff and the other thing is the propotions to you and the rest of the world. Either you are 2 feet tall or every door is 10 feet tall. I would say the game might not be worth buying now but I can see this game being amazing later on in development."
76561198047378868,Not Recommended,270270,34365292,Posted: 19 August,all,promega,"So close to being something i would like.Unfortunately, I cannot recommend since i didn't enjoy it. (controls & UX left a lot to be desired and resulted in a unimmersive experience)Bottom line, its probably not for everyone."
76561197988927906,Not Recommended,270270,12967584,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BloodPanda,"Not yet, this game has some very glowing reviews but let me be the first to say that they are undeserved praises, this game is no masterpiece and it certainly isn't good enough yet to warrant such praise as others have slathered upon it.As you can see by my time played I have only roughly 1 hour of gameplay, that is simply because the controls are so damn clunky that I can hardly stand to play it any longer. While I am no big fan of top down games in the first place this one offers a very interesting feel and has much potential, but, the WASD-E interact setup is lost on top down and only served to make the controls unbearably inefficient, the game would benefit from the option to change controls from their original setting to a user preferred setting. (allow me to set key bindings)Another issue I found currently is that the max range of interaction is too low, if I light a campfire I end up being burned because I have to practically stand inside the fire to interact with it. Your characters movements are rough and choppy and hiding, while a neat game mechanic, is not implemented well at this point since the interactions are still in poor repair...trying to hide in a wardrobe when a gross mutated monster is chasing you takes a while since you have to find that interaction sweet spot just to get into the wardrobe.So, cons - Clunky, offputting controls. Poor interaction mechanics. Great music, poor atmospheric sounds. Top-down ruins the atmosphere, Choppy movements...and let me add, poorly constructed ""inventory"" screen...listing items? drag and drop? I feel as though I stepped back into 1999.Pros - Survival game, if you like survival games then keep your eyes on this one. Wonderful list of lootables and craftables. Can run on low-end machines since it is graphically simplistic.Ultimately I cannot recommend this to hardcore survival gaming fans as it does not really deliver satisfying game play and the survival mechanics are rough at best, starving and needing to eat in just 6 hours? Dying of thirst after half a day?  I am constantly having to drink and eat and burn myself on a campfire to stay warm.So, kids...don't waste your money yet unless you have $10 you don't mind spending...it isn't terrible but it certainly isn't what the other comments make it out to be."
76561197979551053,Not Recommended,270270,24744065,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Elevator Doors,I understand there are many survival games out there but some take it a bit too far. This for example in the first few minutes in the game just throws an essays worth of text on just the basics of the game. It even goes as to give you everything you need to survive your first night...which is about 40+ items that you need to recognize and remember their function. Theres a point of being a bit too complicated and this one about hit its border. In my opinion i cant play this as it feels that it needs a few more rounds in the dryer before its done.
,Not Recommended,270270,25450179,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,A320VaporTrail,"I am looking for a crafting / builder ... whatever.  Saw the crafting on videos of frozen state.  thought I would try it out.I got totally frustrated with the crafting interface... basically they tell you a whole bunch of stuff you 'can' be made but the ingredents are 'somewhere' else and good luck finding them.frustrastion for me was food and water - I have an empty can, but can't just walk outside and grab some snow and melt it for water?I know early release but I have been spoiled lately with early releases being somewhat polished.The short of it: this is going to be one of those games that I check on every couple of months to see if it improves until I get bored and stop checking on it.Kinda wish I didn't pull the trigger and get it but maybe the crafting and base building will improve for me"
76561198082004318,Recommended,270270,15692629,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dorian Wolfe,"enemies are to OP one hit kills no loot whats the point a survivor recruitment thing would be nice have companions help build, fight and scavenge"
76561198043929852,Recommended,270270,17110513,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,jason.brown.jr,Greate game considering its still in early development well worth the money.
,Not Recommended,270270,30381776,Posted: 7 March,all,jarcionek,"This game could be great, but is far too difficult. You start with no food/water and ammo doesn't match your gun so you are left with an axe (I believe all of that is randomized). Wherever you go there are monsters - bigger ones will kill you with one hit, smaller ones - you can kill 1 vs 1, but you will be left with less than 50% HP, so you won't survive another encounter. You should rest to regenerate health, but you cannot rest because you are hungry and dehydrated. There is snow everywhere, but you cannot melt it for water - Google says that you have to find ""fresh snow"", but I haven't seen it anywhere. I started a new game 3-4 times, every time I died within 48h... Not fun."
76561198055493781,Recommended,270270,14866809,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,mgrm12345,making the menu that appears with tab more fluid and intuitive would make the whole game waaaayyy better
76561197993413724,Not Recommended,270270,34720000,Posted: 3 September,all,TheToddFather,"Meh, I liked the idea and potential concept, but the controls are bad, to the point where I just gave up and dumped this turd.  Win some lose some with the Early Access games, this one isn't for me."
,Recommended,270270,15625868,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Alexander Lapinsky,"After the Alpha 0.084 Build 90 update, game is absolutely unplayable.""Set campfire"" command didn`t work.FIX IT ASAP!"
76561198074679883,Recommended,270270,15068495,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Slurpee Shoes,Top-down survival in the cold. Very immersive.
,Recommended,270270,14981885,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ushionai,"the game def needs to be updated with a mouse and keyboard, PLEASE... FOR REAL I cant get into the game without you guys fixing up the controls. Over all the game is pretty much everything I always like and since its way early in its dev. I will give it a it chance and I will not thumb it down."
,Recommended,270270,25023062,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MysteryMonkey,"Well, I do see that you have ""Full steam controller support,"" and um yeah... dunna work there sparky. Now after I installed it I have to figure out why. Is this part of the game?"
,Recommended,270270,34495403,Posted: 25 August,all,jaredstanko,"Very fun, mighty creepy, somewhat buggy. Mostly Russian. Highly reccomended"
76561197979353861,Not Recommended,270270,24740244,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ghostlight,A clunky interface and clunky in just about every other department as well. Avoid.
76561198007460866,Recommended,270270,13899167,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[rs2.fi]CptTightPants,Another frozen Siberia/Canada/Finland simulator.With native population out there to kill you. 11/10
76561198158274312,Recommended,270270,33847114,Posted: 27 July,all,mental_peep,"this game is challenging and mysterious, i havent gotten very far, but im eager to know more about the story of the situation as i play. The monsters are creepy looking, which i really enjoy!9/10"
,Recommended,270270,33545886,Posted: 14 July,all,Ni!,I'm still playing it so I've got my entertainments worth. Controls could better. Overall decenet game.
76561198193767909,Recommended,270270,17499749,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Senile monkey,umm i can't seem to pick up the sleepbag i put down it maybe a glitch the way i placed thats the only problem i had so far
76561198052271786,Recommended,270270,24979335,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lazyfock,"I just bought this game and i am already having fun! Love it , definitely worth it for the price."
,Not Recommended,270270,15398409,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bitch where,"I want to write a good review for this game, I really do.But this game is not good. It has major problems with frame rate on my computer,the scavenging system is crap, there isn't much there for value, and with the sales only rarely going over 30% you will never get a good deal.If you don't own project zomboid, it is infinitely better. If you own it, I'm afraid you will need to invest bucks to find a good zombie survival game."
,Recommended,270270,15151201,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,"Vinny ""The Savage"" Ocean","Very unique type of game play with the top down view, brings in alot of survial aspects as well which i find to be pretty enjoyable for an early access game. Vey challenging as well, reminds me of a fallout type of game with the energy weapons and the end of the world scenario but still mantains its own feel to it. 10/10 highly recomend"
,Not Recommended,270270,24930353,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Olling,"The game started on the wrong screen in a wrong resolution, the doors had a bug so i could not lock them again (examine would just open/close the door) and the game crashed on me twice. That is pretty impressive for the less than 30 mins i used on the game."
76561198067403482,Recommended,270270,20211910,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jakanddaxter1999,very hard but ok
,Not Recommended,270270,15187830,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,CoreRed,maybe good when its full release but rn dont buy it unless your rich
76561197982948061,Not Recommended,270270,25128410,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,chr.strand,"nah.its too difficult, a waste of timetoo few resurces, too many enymies, the time goes too fastI lasted 6 days after 12 atemts, died because I did not find any bandages after5 days of searching so I bleed to death.after 6 days I had lots of food, but a gun without ammo, and ammo without a gundidnt find any pills to upgrade my caracter, so I culdnt ewen make a spear ewen though I had the marterials to build oneIm gunner put this game a way, and hope they will make it eaysier later on"
,Recommended,270270,31611727,Posted: 7 May,all,Pickled Geek,It takes a bit getting used to but the survival aspects of this game are tremendous. Good job
,Not Recommended,270270,25009215,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Casual-T,"♥♥♥♥♥ I can't remember if I've seen dev this lazy and underdeveloped before. These guys have SO much work to do. In the interim, I'm actually embarrased for them."
,Not Recommended,270270,25064712,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Field Medi-Kun,"While a cool concept, it's one thats been done before. Its a survival horror game using a twin stick arcade shooter style of control and gameplay. Splash in some hunger and cold meters and you've got yourself a real attraction.The game feels very slow, and the controls feel like you are controlling a person made out of cold caramel. The camrea seems to do whatever it wants too, but that just might be a fault on my part. Combat gets messy real quick, on account of the controls, so stealth is your only option. However, unlike most twin-sticks, you dont have full field of vision, you only get to see what your character see's because of sightlines. If you want a better version of this, get that squad one made by the people that made that ""military tactics sim"" turnbased shooter thing."
76561198098389641,Recommended,270270,18141276,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,its ok
,Not Recommended,270270,13584762,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,my eyes sting open gangmen smile,"To be honest, this seemed like a neat idea, but then it just ends up being like other early access flops. Poor combat, boring crafting, boring scavenging, poor attempts at horror, boring skills and just overall repitition that is uninteresting. I love post apocalyptic games like this such as DayZ (the mod not the early access♥♥♥♥♥♥, Stalker and others but this really does not come close to these in terms of quality. Save your money."
76561198048855333,Recommended,270270,24769864,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,☜☯☞Englands☜☯☞,good game :)
76561197984726136,Recommended,270270,28047029,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,darq,good game  simple yet fun.
76561198052766871,Recommended,270270,23635950,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,wannadie141,"This game is amazing it has great potential and I am sure it will be huge once it fully release as of yet it is,still a really killer game I do high recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,270270,25260633,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bernie,The controls are horrible. Just horrible.
,Not Recommended,270270,25995819,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,random,"Mostly irritating, the micro managering is weird.I really want to like this."
76561198047915166,Not Recommended,270270,20955298,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Netatsake,"THIS IS NEITHER POSITIVE NOR NEGATIVE - STEAM DOES NOT HAVE A 'NEUTRAL' OR 'MEH' OPTION FOR REVIEWS.My first impression of this game was ""Oh. They brought Dead Frontier to Steam."" And unfortunately, with that impression, my entire expectation of the game was that... I was never really fond of games such as Divine Divinity or Neverwinter (the RPG, not the MMO. There's a humongous difference) so while this is more like the original Neverwinter, it isn't exactly what I was expecting, and at the moment I'm not completely certain why I don't like it - I loved Neverwinter, and I love Dead Frontier, but something in this game is very off-putting to me. Maybe it's the seemingly complete silence, or the lack of much of a tutorial short of the game telling you how to unlock your house. I had no idea where I was going, either, and while some games, that's appealing... it wasn't in this one. I was expecting a tutorial continuation that I had no idea how to get to."
76561198058210041,Not Recommended,270270,14875922,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Gflamex,"Very unmanagable survival conditions, i tried using warmer clothes and i'd get too hot or burnt and the guns are virtually usless without ammo. I found my first enemy and use the only two shots i had in a powerful rifle and i couldnt hit, then i tried killing it with an axe and died..."
76561198140439813,Not Recommended,270270,30505636,Posted: 14 March,all,DukinTonic,cant build anywhereevery single location i go to just says 'can't build in this location' no matter where i go
,Not Recommended,270270,21278453,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,NeuroSerpens,"Besides the story not being really that captivating, this game is full of grammar mistakes (especially punctuation wise). This makes is hard to read and understand without having to read sentences again and also blocks immersion. Moreover, the controls are so unresponsive and everything happens so slowly I immediately started feeling sleepy when I began playing.Thank the gods now we have the refund option."
76561198052996660,Recommended,270270,24308966,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TIMEKILLER,i hope in the future the map will become a whole. instead of sections.
,Not Recommended,270270,11999890,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,gay,"this game in its current alpha state is pretty boring,BUT!  they do give you the starter item of a cyanide pill. that way when your done with the gaem, you can just off yourself! :D"
76561197994067956,Not Recommended,270270,14818158,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,HairyBob.,Player movement and turning not very good. Kept going backwards. Played about 30 mins - and that's it
76561198145098016,Not Recommended,270270,16277113,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,RMRossman,Needs a lot of work
76561198095721627,Recommended,270270,24419101,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,kingbronksman,"ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD! I have hours, i have expierence, dont take what i just typed as a grain of salt"
,Not Recommended,270270,26046990,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Chitfacedagain,Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198077185651,Not Recommended,270270,20674813,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Neptünian Double Ö,When i saw this i thought it looked really damn awesome and i was reallly looking forward to it. i patiently waiting for it to download and install. and then when it was finally finished i launched the game. it sat on a white screen for about half an hour and it is still on that white screen whenever i launch the game. please help me. i want to play but i cant.
,Not Recommended,270270,30705555,Posted: 24 March,all,Brave,Unplayable.
76561198122684887,Recommended,270270,24402284,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kerubim,hei you guysWhere is p - 1000 roboting ???help me out..im so confuse looking for it
76561198076620690,Not Recommended,270270,28296913,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ramachandra,Tedious crap. I regret every penny I spent on this.
,Recommended,270270,22904658,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TevLuminati,"Well its okay i think ( i am not even playing it ) Buy it ,why not ?"
76561198060233086,Not Recommended,270270,11237923,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,emilianogiugliano,"Like alway is a deeply unfinished game. The price is fairly low wich is alright and I bought it because it seems it could be a great game. Right now?Ridiculously low frame rate, only one character playable, broken aiming mechanics due to the low frame rate, no introduction, no history no npc... Do I need to keep going?Just most of the game features are not there.Still great ideas, great promises and a really low price."
,Not Recommended,270270,32823589,Posted: 26 June,all,Max,"Meyh.  Looks fun, some people seem to really love it, good on them.  Not for me, sorry."
76561198136544461,Not Recommended,270270,33441407,Posted: 10 July,all,MrBallPython,Horrible optimization for Intel HD graphics cards. You might say these graphics cards are integrated and have no place in gaming but if your a low end gamer like myself and 70.9% of the consumer base. Like seriously I can run much more beutiful games than this.
76561198028209618,Not Recommended,270270,25855521,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,stumpj,Its just bad...
,Not Recommended,270270,24017710,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Duckroll,"Terribad, E button didnt work so couldn't use anything, and character always faced the same direction, so moved sideways or backwards all the time."
,Not Recommended,270270,17033494,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Massnissa,this game is suck  i cant use xbox 360 controllerbecouse u guys are sucks and this game s scam
,Not Recommended,270270,12725686,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Pittsadelphia,"Constantly crashes my MacBook Pro.  The whole system, not just the game."
,Not Recommended,270270,24736476,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Freesider,"I played for an hour and nothing interesting happened, it was a waste of time.- 10 minutes trying to figure out how to control the characters and interact with stuff. The UI and the controls are terrible.- The graphics are very ugly. I don't mean resolution I mean the aesthetics of the game are horrible.- It is a survival game but there are no survival aspects. I couldn't chop wood to make a fire. You can break down doors but you can't use the wood. The inventory system is a chore to use.- The only enemy I saw was some large guy that took 2 hits to kill.- Most of the crafting is meaningless.- The map is divided into zones instead of one continuous map. Everywhere you go is a tiny confined space.If you are like me and was attracted to the survival premises, I'd skip this. I asked for a refund."
76561198042321274,Recommended,270270,18746574,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Javelyn,"Great game so far for being a alpha.  It does not hold your hand and is a survival horror as it should be.The speed at which you walk/run may be a little frustrating but it's not a fast paced game...running can get you killed.You have to explore a lot, you will be a weakling for a bit, you do get more badass.Check every nook and cranny...trust me there are some very cool suprises out there."
,Not Recommended,270270,26121544,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Interknet,"This is an example of a game that left EA too soon.Seriously, developers, you had a good concept here, and you abandoned it.Don't expect people to buy future titles if you can't be bothered to complete this one."
