user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,270330,9536856,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Steve Clarney,"This game looks like it is a blast, seems like an Irish Bastion right? It turns out to be a terrible port and not worth a 5 dollar price.Pros:-Intriging story-New setting-Great art style-Intresting conceptCons:-Terrible textures, texutes don't all match, some have darker outlines and some don't, no shadows, everything looks flat-Poor sound effects, I had to turn down the footsteps, they are not smooth and the chain hit sound blasts louder than the others-Horrible controls, says full controller support but I had issues with the controller sticking and the buttons it says to press dont work (example it said to push ""a"" but the actually button was the trigger) also it wanted me to middle click which is not intuitive at all-Dialouge boxes don't work well, I had problems navigating through the lines and when they closed they would flash for a frame or two-Dialouge is written like a tumblr fan fic, early on the dialouge said "" *Ku walks forward and raises his had* "" which brings us to our next con-Animations are not smooth, they don't flow with the movment and the cutscenses are just controlled walking.-Music played by the early npc musicians was incredibly repititive, literally 4 seconds and looped for multiple npcs. I did not hear any other music after this so I do not know the quality later on-Dialouge is written is a script like context, instead of a box at the top it says like ""Culan: Ku, blah blah blah"" and the name is the same color as the rest of the text.This game is a tossed together ios port with an asking price that is not worth it. I could recommend the game at around $2.50 but not at $5, This was written on March 17 so the game might get future updates to improve. I would love to play this game but the flaws are too much at this current point. I hope they update to fix some of these issues."
,Not Recommended,270330,11513447,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Atombath,"The visual design is typically nice, unique and artistic. However every other aspect of this game... from sound design to npc interaction to core gameplay is unremarkable and leans toward being annoying. Your money can be better spent elsewhere."
76561198079335824,Recommended,270330,9559085,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"I totally enjoyed this game, it plays really well. You can control the boy with a mouse as I did or you can use a controller if you'd prefer, either way it plays well, but I prefer a mouse and keyboard with this game. This Adventure game is fairly short which I like, as it does not drag on like other games can. KU is quite easy to play there are not alot of enemys coming at you, so if you dont like difficult games then this is a good game for you. The  handdrawn artwork is very nice and unique. Also there are some fighting Arenas that open up at the end, so you can test your skills out there. My advise would be look at some youtube videos of the game, as thats what helped me make my choice to buy this game and see what you think of it. I have no regrets buying this game, I feel it was worth it, although quite short .... To the DEVELOPERS, this is a very nice game in my opinion, It does play really well now. I hope there are more chapters coming to this nice game, as I'd like to see more to this story about KU ; )  Keep up the fantastic work you are all doing and THANK YOU.  : )"
,Recommended,270330,11460882,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,TheDigitalGamer,"Ku:SOTM is a point and click action and puzzle game in which you control Ku, a 12 year old troublesome boy who is sent on a quest to retrieve a ring of power to keep your village sustained with energy. Filled with puzzles, combat and set in a unique world it's surely a winning recipe, right?When you first emerge from the tunnels you are greeted with a colourful, friendly village full of interactive characters (make sure you speak to them all and you will be rewarded with an achievement). Speaking to them provides you with information about the main protagonist Ku who is an unruly youth constantly getting himself into trouble. Your first mission is to head out to find the leader of the village. Once you speak with him about the ring that went missing, he explains that it is the main energy source for the village and without it they are doomed. That is where your quest begins, you are ordered to head into the wilderness and hunt down a replacement ring from the North.As you travel through the lands you are pitted against a variety of enemies and puzzles that block your path. You must hack and slash your way through your foes and chain together combos in order to do more damage and finish them off quicker.The combat system actually turned out to be a lot of fun as it involved quickly stunning enemies, getting as many hits in as possible and then diving back out before you get hit. This can lead to some very tense albeit short battles that involve you having to be brave and tactical. The Combat Arena takes the combat to the next level pitting you against constant hordes of enemies to win score based on the number of enemies you defeat and rounds you clear. There are 4 levels to be played within the Combat Arena, each of which gets progressively more difficult. There is a leaderboard function on the game also, for you to compare your standing in the world however it was not working at the time of writing.As I mentioned the game does not revolve entirely around the combat, there are in fact puzzles to solve in order to progress through the game. Although incredibly simple to solve they do offer a well needed variety to the game. They usually involved dragging an item with your mouse, or hitting certain posts to open a door, nothing too challenging but fun all the same.The whole game is controlled by only the mouse which in fairness was all the game needed. You left click to move and attack, right click to roll/dodge and hit the middle button to fire your stun laser. Unfortunately the controls do feel clunky at times, especially when you are in the middle of combat and you really need to react quickly!Musically the game felt very vacant and desolate. The music that was playing in the background was generally quiet and didn't really create much of an atmosphere. A large portion of the time I found myself concentrating more on the sounds of my own footsteps than the music itself. The only real exception to this is when you are in the village and you stand near someone playing an instrument.Artistically is where the game really shows it's true potential. The artwork in this game is brilliant with some very interesting character designs, however the graphics really don't do them justice. Its a shame really as the game shows some true artistic potential which really hasn't been utilised.Overall I think the game had a lot of potential but unfortunately it wasn't able to capitalise on it's strengths. The price at time of writing is £3.99 on Steam which isn't too steep but it could do with being longer. Taking only around 2 hours complete you barely feel as though the game has begun when the end credits begin to roll.5/10 - Fun to play while it lasted but could do with polishing."
76561198004690274,Not Recommended,270330,9640149,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Tgr,"The game has nice art, but everything else sucks horribly.* the engine is so bug-ridden that it took a lot of creativity to be able to finish it, even though it is very short (probably possible to finish in two hours, if not for the bugs). The protagonist gets stuck in walls, walks to the wrong place and dies or gets stuck during cinematics, quest progress is reset when leaving an area (e.g. at the beginning do the tasks required by the weapon master, leave the area and return; the guards once again won't let you leave the camp and you have to do all the tasks once more). The controls are erratic, evasive action does not work half the time.* the enemies are boring, there is absolutely no challange in fighting them, even before obtaining the ranged weapon. The bosses take a lot of hits, but still do not require anything more sophisticated than attack-evade-repeat.* there is barely even an attempt at creating a story, you are just told to go and do stuff and you go and do it, without any attempt at explanation or involving the player emotionally. Also, as nice as the visuals are, just throwing in a bunch of random names from Irish mythology is not world-building. The game is very short, and just stops halfway (""to be continued"" - I would expect the description to at least mention that you are only buying episode 1)."
,Not Recommended,270330,9626196,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Altered_Confusion,"In this game, developed by bitSmith Games out of Dublin, you will be playing the part of Ku a very undersized individual of a village that is in serious trouble. It turns out that someone has made off with the power ring that helped power the village, and now without it the village is in grave danger. You decide that you are the only one that can do the job so you are sent on an adventure to the outside world, a place that no one really knows about, and is said to be full of danger.Graphically the game looks like it was hand drawn by a very skilled artist. Unfortunately some of the effect of the art is ruined by the fact that the background layering on the screen mixed with your character's position is a bit all over the place. What I mean by that is that there are times where your character might accidentally lose his head, graphically, because of something that is supposedly behind the character but is being rendered in a layer in front of him. Overall, though, the enemies, other characters, and environments look amazing.The music fits the game nicely and I could definitely listen to it even with the game not on. My one issue is that the settings for sound and music levels do not save from play session to play session. So if you have that perfect balance that you want in the game, you are going to have to either take a screenshot, to make sure you get it back the way that it was, or you are in for a rude awakening if you play the game a second time.The controls are probably the thing that doom this game the most. I do not know what happened with the controls, but I can tell you that it was not good. I started off playing with the mouse, and apparently you should be able to play the whole game with just the mouse, but it turns out that my middle mouse button, or the wheel, did not register in the game, and you need for it to work to get you out of some situations, or to solve a puzzle. Thankfully the spacebar works as a substitute. Then I got to the flying portion of the game and found that no matter what buttons I pushed, including the left mouse button, which was shown on the screen to me, there was no key registering in the game, and I crashed and burned each time. Now that caused me to have to break up my gaming sessions because I needed to then find a controller to test the game with. When I plugged in the 360 controller I found that the mouse button now worked, but as I had plugged in the controller, I wanted to play the rest of the game with the controller. Sadly this was not a permanent solution for playing the game. Several times during my second play session I had to revert back to using the mouse because I could never get the precision, or the comfort of playing with the controller during battles. It was completely hit or miss.Alright so lets get into the actual game play. First off whomever wrote the script really should have read over it as there were some very odd choice of words used. I felt like they were trying to show how smart they could be by using seldomly used big words, instead of using language that would help the player better understand what was going on. There were also some glaring issues that drive an OCD person crazy. When entering a cutscene, if you were using the mouse chances were that you could be locked into a perpetual state of running during it, and since there were no voices to what was going on, all you could hear while you read the dialogue was the sound of your character running. Speaking of which, if you accidentally over-run the point in the level where you are about to face off against the fire bolg, it will kill you during the cutscene, literally every time. Oh and speaking of that beast, if you are stuck in a state of running when you finally have to face off against him, which you really don't get to do, you will see the cliff give way and your character will run FOREVER in the sky, and you can't advance the game. The final quick thing I have to say about this game is that it is an hour and a half game, with a to be continued slapped on the end. With that short of a playthrough, the developers should have added the to be continued on to this game.Now there was one thing that I think the game got right and that was the use of the power glove that your character had that allowed him to lift objects in the level and position them where you would like. Speaking of the levels, I think a map could have been nice in the game, and also if the game is supposed to be linear, point a to point b, type of game, they need to make entrances to different parts of the level disappear, block it, close a door on it, something because gamers will want to backtrack if they think they might have missed something. Alright, one last thing, the random load screens that have nice drawings on them, but don't really do anything for the game, except will not disappear until you have clicked on the button, or pressed the B key if you are using the controller, it feels like the artist had some more ideas that weren't put into the game and so this is how they displayed them. It would have been nice if the game just incorporated those into cutscenes.Alright so here's the deal folks, this could potentially be a good game, but they should have tested this game to its full extent, and also work out some of the obvious kinks in the game. I wish I could give this game a score based on potential, but that would be unfair, so I've got to say avoid this game, at least for now, and I give it a 3.7 out of 10."
,Recommended,270330,10116377,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,zeanamush,"I really liked this game. Yeah it is short, but it is interesting and different.  The idea is very itresting and sad showing a deep and pleasurable experience that shows in some ways the plight of the Irish and celts in general. Can't wait for part 2 and considering this game is 5 dollars why haven't you bought it."
,Not Recommended,270330,9542578,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZnDTsapgfYMy video impressions of the game.Ku has an attractive graphic style. It features isometric action adventuring, comparable to Bastion in it's concept. Though the game shows a lot of promise and potential, it's hindered by a pile of bugs, and a general sense of unpolishness.In the video I posted, I talk about the game's mechanics, it's aesthetics, as well as some of the bugs and inconsistencies."
76561198002332985,Not Recommended,270330,11916460,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,phantomreader42,"It's a neat look and concept, but really doesn't deliver on the promises.  Too short, very linear with no ability to backtrack.  But the worst thing is the controls.  Offers full controller support, but the first controller I tried required both analog sticks just to move, and while the second didn't have that problem it was still difficult to operate.  There is no in-game controller configuration, and I ended up having to use the mouse for ranged effects while moving with the controller (which is about as awkward and irritating as it sounds).  Could still be a good game with some tuning, but it's unfinished and only marginally playable."
,Not Recommended,270330,22056259,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,CrashMagnet,"Poor Steam controller support (though it's marked otherwise), clunky gameplay, and derivative writing. Nothing to see, here."
,Not Recommended,270330,22524036,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sailor12052,This game is no a good no good not even as an adventure.
,Not Recommended,270330,9535274,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Derakor,Graphical style and quality are very good. sadly can't say much more as the control system is horrid. 360 game pad sometimes works sometimes doesn't. Though not a £30 AAA title i still expect games to atleast be polished enough to work as advertised. Sorry can't reccomend at the moment. save your money until it's either patched and fixed or buy a different title.
,Not Recommended,270330,10688297,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[NW] RadSquirrel,"Before you read the review be warned that I will be grading this on an ""Indie curve"" meaning less than 5 developersSound 5/10The sound is position based and is confusing as to the point of origin of the sound most of the time, not to mention the sounds   are comparitive to sound samples from a bad EDM song.Battle system 6/10Lacks any real depth, and most of the battle system is learning how to bug the enemies out so they can't hit you. Also your primary ""slash"" attack has the awesome ability to get you stuck in walls and in other places you don't belong and can't escape.Bosses 2/10The bosses of this game are all incredibly easy and short lived, and feel like normal enemies, except the final boss which felt more like the first real boss in the game, but still exceptionally easy. One of my major complaints is you don't heal your health after a boss though.Artwork 9/10The art is gorgeous and was my primary attraction to the game, however it is hindered by bad coding to fit different screen resolutions and can look a little distorted depending on the resolution you are playing in, which disappointed me greatly.Storyline 2/10I started out with a great concept of what needed to be done and I talked to the whole village. I was continually disappointed by how everyone didn't react to any changes in the plot at the start, or the fact you had a sword. Then after you left the village none of it really related to the rest of the game and soon as you finish the ""prologue"" there wasn't really much of anything to the story besides run through a bunch of areas as fast as you can, and if you want, kill some enemies. Sure people would talk, but it didn't really mean much of anything, and made no real sense when you string all the sequences together. This is disappointing for an indie action adventure game as one of the easier tasks is to write dialogue that makes the story actually mean something and connect the pieces.Bugs squashed 3/10*contains spoilers*One of the major things I have always looked for, be it a flash game, or a normal game, is both major and minor bugs that inhibit the game, as well as exploits, crashes, etc. Well your main slash ability can put you in an area you can't move, enemies can sometimes still hit you even if you dodge roll away, double dialogues to someone that you're only supposed to talk to once, at the start of the game if you leave the sword training area you have to go through the whole screen's process again including all the training to get through the gate. In the final boss the ""laser fields"" are sometimes passable and sometimes not, and sometimes enemies get stuck on them making your slash the only way to get to them, leaving no way back if you don't leave an enemy around to slash to. Also at one point after exiting and reentering the game to get around this I had no HUD and couldn't see my health, which was great after the boss when I died first hit to one of the small mobs. Also as another note, in my display resolution (1366x768) I couldn't see discriptions for the hover overs in the escape menu either.*end spoilers*Overall 5/10Between the bugs, the general ease of the game to beat it in <1 hour of time, and the lack of engaging story, I rate this extremely low, even with an indie curve. Some may not share my sympathies, but this could of been polished a lot more to make it far better than it ended up being."
76561198041265698,Not Recommended,270330,10957069,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,moosekebabs,"Don't waste your money- about the only redeeming feature of this game is the art. The rest is a buggy, broken mess in a world full of empty spaces."
76561198053552710,Not Recommended,270330,20229201,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,I wanted to shout while playing this.0/1000
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,270330,12182310,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Illimitus,A pathetic hidden object game.
76561198069476625,Not Recommended,270330,15196220,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SeatedGamer,i beat this whole game and it sucked nothing was that fun
76561198012070980,Not Recommended,270330,15013435,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Agitatr,"do.not.recommend.This ""game"" appears to be abandonware at this point, and it just isn't fun to play at all."
76561198004580811,Not Recommended,270330,15602689,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ForReal,"Overall an intriguing art style and story concept, but game play mechanics are dated and clunky."
,Not Recommended,270330,16357531,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ocilical,The only fun i had with this game was when i broke it.
,Not Recommended,270330,24147178,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,retrogomagomes,"Couldn't stand playing for more than about 10 minutes of this game. The first 5 minutes I've noticed some bugs like the steam pipes which were supposed to throwback your character, could be walked above without throwing the PC. Also the animations are badly made, like half of the frames were missing.The movement is clunky, the dialogs are silly and from the little time I've played, seemed that this game was supposed to be something like Bastion, but it doesn't get any close.I was sad when I played it because I was following this one since greenlight and I had good expectations. Too bad the game looks like it's unfinished and its features aren't well implemented, like the glove thing. Could be more fluid but it's a pain to control it."
