user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198095345002,Recommended,270450,13875216,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,•҉Rosy,"Pros:-Simple concept-Beautiful graphics-Eargasmic music-Very quick matchmaking-Great responsiveness-Very stable, even on non-gaming computers-Moustaches-Easy to pick up and play-Various game types that expand upon the dodgeball gimmickCons:-There are none, the game's that good."
,Recommended,270450,15181728,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,rgk,"Arena shooters is not a genre that has received much love in the recent years. 1999 spawned the best two games of that category, Quake 3 and Unreal Tournament, and since then there have been little to no changes to the formula. Unambitious games with little tweaks on Quake 3 and new coats of paint on Unreal Tournament.Strangely, the most unique spin on the arena shooter formula comes from this game with a ridiculous title: Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball. Instead of weapons there are insta-kill balls to throw (they can be caught), and the movements are on wheels which give some momentum, fluidity and... skill. Predicting trajectories and movements while aiming and moving leaves room for a lot of exciting action, rewarded by a commentator naming the specific skill shot (""flying squirrel!""""zombie!"" ""quick draw!"").The fluidity of the game itself ties in with the atmosphere. There is some cool electro/techno music playing while panels and lights on the levels change color according to the beat and the movement of players. Really enthralling.Even if the game has a huge skill ceiling, just playing casually for fun is entirely possible and can even be relaxing. Bots on easy are good for that. There are tons of game modes. Arcade with permanent progression for solo play, and then variants of deathmatch, race, hold a ball to score points, and throwing a ball in hoops to score points. Mutators can be applied to modify the game, and power-ups can be turned on or off.I will now go over the two main issues of the game. The first one is that... well it's a small indie game so there are not many people playing online, and even less if you are not in North America. Still, one or two servers up are enough to have some fun, but the game would definitively benefit from a population boost (and it deserves it). Then the second issue, the netcode is not too good and lag can be a real problem, especially for those like me having to play against people in another continent. Apparently the developer is working on that and also intends to keep adding features to the game!As a conclusion, Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a unique arena shooter that is a pleasure to play, at any level. It feels complete and neatly designed, and yet it is the work of only one developer! A nice little surprise, give it a spin!"
,Recommended,270450,14616947,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,HeavyMetalBakesale,"This game is like if Tron, Unreal/Quake, and Dodgeball Advance had a child.+ Game is super fun+ Soundtrack is great+ A good variety of game modes to make sure it doesn't get stale+ You can even customize your robot a bit with mustaches and sunglasses!- A lot of flashing neon lights which can be annoying for some- Game can get frustrating while trying to adjust to the controls/physicsDefinitely worth the buy if you're looking to play a game that's just fun, no DLC required. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,270450,32855825,Posted: 27 June,all,Mikey,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball ReviewWell, with just over 100 hours of gameplay for this game, I realised, It's one of the best games on Steam. I purchased it during the Winter Sale 2016, and I can't stop playing this game. Either trying to master Trickshots, or playing with friends. So here are some Pro's & Con's.Pro's•The game has got simple, easy controls to play with.•Soundtrack makes the game lighten up more.•Easy to master Trickshots if you really want to do it.•Modifications either Single Player, or Multiplayer, make the game more entertaining.•The Owner takes care of the game, and updates it multiple times a month.•Plenty of gamemodes to play, Singleplayer, or Multiplayer.•The market is full of items you can Purchase, or Sell.Con's•Once you start playing it, you get addicted, and can't get off the Computer.•For some reason, the game isn't very popular and the server's are just blank.Well, that's my Review forRobot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball.If your looking to purchase this game, I recommend you doing that. You won't regret it later.Overall Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,270450,14642328,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,pixels/that/breathe,"Well here I am, my 80th birthday and my wife has seen fit in our budget for me to afford one of those nice new indie games on Steam. Well here I am on Steam and I come across a colorful lookin' game on sale. My eye doctor said that vivid colors would be good for my vision. So my wife said ""what the heck is that?"" and I said it's ""dodgeball"" and so she said alright.I thought I'd ask the man that made the game his opinion on it and he seemed like a pretty nice guy.http://steamcommunity.com/app/270450/discussions/0/617328415077052066/Well mannered I thought, and seemed like the hard workin' type to have made this game on his own.So I get the game and I start it up and my wife is over there knitting some mittens for the grandkids when this noise started banging out of the computer speakers. Startled us at first but then I thought it sounded kinda nice. I started movin' in places I haven't moved since my younger days and so I got up and got to moving. My wife said she was physically attracted to me for the first time in years.Thank you Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball for saving my marriage.10/10 would cut the rug again.UPDATE: Okay kids, you wanted a more helpful review and now since grandpa has had some time with the game, I can give some insight about the actual thing!1. It's great! It has helped my eyesight, just like the doctor ordered. The graphics are what you see and they look great.2. There is a learning curve but it's very rewarding once you get good at it! For instance, if you're used to shooters, you might find yourself hitting the reload button from time to time in this game for no reason. You gotta pick up a ball to be armed kid!3. HOOPS!!!! Best game mode ever, reminds me of my days playing along side the famous Bill Russell. Plenty of other game modes too if you want to try something else.4. The single player arcade mode is a terrific place to practice. It's also pretty fun too.5. It's just a really friendly community, what's the last game you played where people were saying ""Wow! Great game guys!"" or ""Nice moves!"" instead of ""git gud"" or ""you suck!"" Also, there's a neat kudos system in place where you can compliment opponents in real time with the press of a key! Nice!6. Logging into the game at 3am (don't tell my wife!) and you'll still find people online playing, so for an online indie game, the community is thriving pretty well."
,Recommended,270450,15753717,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jubileus,You don't get chosen last for the school dodgeball team. 20/10
,Recommended,270450,15259291,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,SickBoy,"This is a fast-paced first-person dodgeball game from the future complete with robots, an (amazing) voiced announcer, and synced visualizers for the music.At its core this is a game I *highly* recommend for those that enjoy the FPS (especially instagib) genre, but want something a bit different... yet still familiar. I won't be so bold as to say a digital dodgeball game has never been made before, but this is the first I've ever played to really go all out with it. It's so brilliantly simple, yet took this long until someone decided to make it... AAA marketing departments: fire yourselves.NOTE: THIS GAME HAS A DEMO YOU CAN TRY! So... try it! (I don't know if it's up to date... but the gameplay is the same regardless)Graphics:I love them! The best way to describe them is ""a minimalist TRON-themed rave"". The music plays a big part as the level coloring/brightness/etc. is hooked up to a visualizer system. Different music will give you a different feel, but no matter what you listen to it's a pleasure to experience. And you can always turn off the visualizer completely (and individually configure most other aspects) if you're not a fan of the effects.Sound:Fantastic! The voice announcer is *amazing* and the default music is absolutely sublime if you're into electronica. Of course, if you don't like the music you can always add your own. The in-game visualizers will automatically adjust, and you'll be rocking out to your own tunes in no time. The only downside (which is a Unity limitation) is that you *have* to use OGG or WAV format. You can very easily use VLC or Audacity to convert your MP3s to OGG though, so it's not a big issue.Controls:For the most part they are your standard WASD+mouse. HOWEVER, the robot you are playing as is intentionally able to slide around as if on ice (though you can still quickly change directions or use ""E"" to stop completely). Also, jumping has no air-control and is based on a charge-up system. While some may see these as limitations, I absolutely love it! It makes jumping a risky move because your trajectory will be predictable, and big jumps will need planning because you may not be charged enough to make it.Modes:LOTS of modes are included, and tons are planned. You have your standard DM/CTF-style modes, but plenty of others to keep you interested. One of my favorites is the ""hoops"" mode, where you are basically playing basketball *while* playing dodgeball. It's REALLY fun, frantic, and ripe for strategic play. There is also an Arcade mode to try and survive (where you go through pre-configured rounds with bosses, and can buy upgrades in between), as well as Challenges that are extremely fun. Both Arcade and Challenges have leaderboard support if you're into that.Gameplay:From the plethora of modes and maps, to the good-sportsmanship-encouragement via the ""kudos"" system, everything about the gameplay is fantastic. There are all kinds of moves to pull off (which the game tracks and gives you a great voiced announcement upon success), an arbitrary leveling system for those that like to feel satisfaction in their progress, a silly and unique character customization system, and just generally a ton of things to enjoy!Singleplayer/Multiplayer:This game has some pretty amazing bots for singleplayer, and those bots can be used as placeholders in multiplayer games (they'll be replaced by real players as they join and do *not* take up a player slot). Multiplayer is the only issue with this game as latency makes catching/blocking/dodging/etc. balls fairly unreliable. It is a known issue, and I have confidence it'll be fixed in the future. That said, the bots are good enough to give you a LOT of play time. Multiplayer can be a bit frustrating, but isn't unplayable... it just takes some getting used to.In the end this is a fantastic game that I really enjoy. The developer (who is ONE person) is on top of everything when it comes to bugfixes, is receptive to suggestions, and even has a public Trello for transparent development. As with any game it isn't for everyone (and isn't playable for gamers with various disabilities due to its nature, see comments), but I HIGHLY recommend it."
,Recommended,270450,14612812,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,KrunK,One of the best games I have ever played. Would recommend to anyone who doesn't have epilepsy.
76561198145713164,Recommended,270450,25719033,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ｄｅａｔｈ．,we could really use a small loan of a million players.
,Recommended,270450,30508289,Posted: 14 March,all,Nerf Expertise,"Remember a silly game called ""Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars""?That became Rocket League.Now, this game has a likewise silly title and a ridiculous concept, but I pray that one day the dev will make ""Robot League"" and it'll become an international success because this game is crazy fun.You're a robot on a wheel; you slide across the arena and try to pick up balls to toss against other robots to make them explode. This simple concept is applied to a plethora of game modes (FFA/Team/Elimination/CTF/Hoops/Race/...) and, coupled with the flashy graphics and amazing soundtrack, manages to keep the experience fresh for that ""just 5 more minutes"" effect at 2am.You might not see a huge amount of players on the charts but don't be fooled: I was having fun with as little as 10 players ""playing now"", plus the bots are surprisingly competent.9.5/10 - A purely skill-based arena ""shooter"" with quick & furious matches and a non-toxic community."
,Recommended,270450,14282873,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Genezix,"This game is one of those rare gems that comes along and puts everyone on a level playing field.  The concept is so humorous alone that the game just oozes good vibes.  You can really see how much the developer loves both his game and the game's community in this one.  It's perfect for both casual play and competitive sport.  In fact I have not met or seen a person yet who has played this game and has not had a good time.The graphics on this game are simple but they suit it.  The designs of the different arenas really compliment the fact that you're a robot with one wheel rolling around.  The pulsing and moving lights really sell the idea that you're a night-club arena and the soundtrack is one of the best I've ever heard to a game.  Visually the game gives you what you need, and none of the fluff.  This is why Super Mario Bros. was so popular.  Visually it was nothing like we have today but it wasfun to play!The game does have an experience points system, but it's geared towards getting cosmetic upgrades, not towards making you more powerful.  I like this because it means new players have chances to improved without constantly getting slaughtered.  Also like many multiplayer games, there's sometimes lag, but with 4 to 12 people throwing dodgeballs around in every direction imaginable, it's so much fun and so chaotic that nobody really seems to mind!You know a game is fun when you're laughing and yelling at your friends over voice chat, having a great time even when you'relosing!  It's definitely one of my favorite games of all time; I highly recommend it for one of the best times you will have with your friends, ever, online."
,Recommended,270450,26651172,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Amish Robot,Fun game that needs more players
,Recommended,270450,16839392,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Kuebic,"I was quite skeptical seeing all the positive reviews while seeing the mediocre gameplay.  All the lights and effects seemed like goofy attempt at covering up the junk underneath.But after getting the 4-pack during a sale and playing with some buddies, I came right back and bought a few more.  For those that enjoy arena shooters, this is an arena shooter done right.  Every shot that hits feels so satisfying, I crave to play more.The only major downside is the steps it takes to actually set up a LAN party.  Due to the limited experience of the lonely dev, he resorted to 3rd party technology, thus the requirement to download a server program from an external website and a bit of tweaking before one can play with friends, even if everyone is on the same router.After having done so, I see it is relatively easy despite the daunting number of steps on the wiki, so don't be afraid to give it a shot.Also surprisingly, playing solo with bots is actually pretty darn fun too.  Don't let the flashing lights blind you, this game delivers a very solid package.  I'd highly recommend this to anyone that enjoys arena shooters."
,Recommended,270450,9818602,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,[RIFT] Darth Revanchist,"There isn't a single flaw that I've encountered whilst investing time into RRDDD.Hands down the best investment I've made on Steam up to date.- Robot Customization- Diverse Game Modes (Deathmatch, Superball, Hoops, Elimination)- Single/Multiplayer Options With Bots Available.- Beast Soundtrack.- Rankings/Leveling.- Vibrant/Beautiful Maps.11/10[RIFT] Darth"
,Recommended,270450,32756164,Posted: 24 June,all,GibusGod,The best 2.50$ you will ever spend during sales.....
,Recommended,270450,23046447,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Lord Shaxx,"This game is THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ Very fun, bots are fun to play against if you're having trouble finding online games, it has customizable game modes, simple mechanics, the physics based movement is fun to play with, and the game is aestheticelly pleasing. Definitely worth the money.I have very few minor complaints about it:- The UI could use a little polishing  --EDIT: UI has improved- The game is a bit stingy when it comes to customization unlocks. Drop rated for crafting parts is pretty low, but thankfully you can buy parts in the communnity market for cheap. --EDIT: Inventory system revamped, no complaints at all.- The sliding mechanic is a little weird; it doesn't seem to offer anything in terms of advanced movement outside of recharging your boost (whch is all I use it for)pro/con - You can save replays, and they are directly saved as .gif files, which is really nice. The bad thing is, the gifs are short, so it's hard to capture cool moments perfectly. I reccommend binding the replay capture button to the 'q' key (Default F5)Please don't let these few downsides turn you away from this game. It's quite an experience."
,Recommended,270450,29329330,Posted: 17 January,all,Infected,"I would reccommend this game for a lot of reasons.Friendly Community, awesome map designs, Creator of this game is up to date and will fix any bugs, and of course: Gamemodes.But a lot of people say ping bothers them too much, just get used to it.I also forgot to say, that there is random item drops so you can even get something RARE!Pros:Free stuffNew updates every now and thenNew peopleBest graphics (Can give seizures, so play at your own risk.)Bots (My name is in it :D)Music is catchy.My mom bought this for me, lmao (did she?)MoustachesGlassesCustom user-made cosmeticsCons:I can't think of any as if I played this game too much and we report bugs, lol."
,Recommended,270450,12455443,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"Tons of fun, tons of dodgeball game modes, great music! Great way to waste a couple hours with your friends before work. 10/10Full review here:http://fg-2.com/2014/10/27/review-robot-roller-derby-disco-dodgeball/"
76561198041739345,Recommended,270450,23698954,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,A Mountain Goat,"Scroll back up. Look at the name of the game. That's the best, most concise, and most accurate review you'll find on the planet."
,Recommended,270450,14582683,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,tweepaduck,This game has a great developer who interacts with the community actively.Even lets you add himself on Steam!A great game from a great developer.
,Recommended,270450,14616313,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Cinnamon Toast Kronovi ^_^,"These days it seems like developers, especially the giant AAA companies, have forgotten why we play video games to begin with:  TO HAVE FUN!THIS GAME NAILS IT.  This game is just pure fun.  It is definitely a throwback. The engine is simple, the physics are fantastic, and... I mean come on its DODGEBALL WITH DANCE MUSIC AND LASER LIGHTS!!!  How the hell can you not enjoy that?I highly recommend buying this, you won't be disappointed.For 11.99 this game is a steal."
,Recommended,270450,10312370,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Vulcan,"It's unique, fun, and just plain perfect at what it is trying to accomplish. Easily worth the purchase.The music simplistic design and core gameplay carry it and they do so well. I never though a game with robots on one wheel playing dodgeball would be one of the best shooters this year.Being created by only one person is both impressive and surpring.The developer deserves a Nobel Prize. Would buy again."
,Recommended,270450,16471842,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TRU±Neutral,"======================================Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball(Read on for full review)======================================TL;DR:BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!======================================Pros+Environment: Lush, minimal, vibrant, and reactive!+Sound: Also lush and vibrant! Yay!+Graphics: Easy on the eyes, easy on your machine.+Customization: May be grindy, but who cares? You'll love the game for itself.+Gameplay: Holy damn is this game fun! Just try it!+Variety: There is a wealth of gameplay modes for every mood! (No, really, every mood)Cons- Can be buggy- Sticky terrainNeutral+/- Players with a poor connection can still play (but warp everywhere and can't be hit.)======================================Yes. Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball. Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball is a game about robots rolling around dodging balls in a disco-rave environment. You will dodge, duck, dip, dive, and dodge until your parents yell at you to please just stop playing that epilepsy simulator. The game is a treat, aesthetically and otherwise, but especially aesthetically. Let me explain: The environment is beautiful, but also essentially a giant equalizer with pretty flashing colors. The music, of course, is not only in sync with said equalizenvironment, but very pleasing to the ears. It gets you going, and keeps the game going. The gameplay is gloriously colorful high octane fun! The controls have a momentum to them, and may take some adjustment. Shooting isn't per pixel where the crosshair is, which is good. The ball may bounce off the edge of a hoop or narrowly miss your opponent until you really learn to aim well. You'll also be pleased to hear you can catch and block the ball, not just dodge! There are CTF, king of the hill, and many other gamemodes to keep you occupied.Now, on the other hand, I did encounter some problems. But only some! Very very few even...but they should be mentioned. First off, in my first few times trying to play, I ran into a wealth of strange settings bugs. No steam overlay, couldn't get into gamemode. Then that worked, but the controller wouldn't look around. Restart again, controller works, but can only change the sensitivity with the mouse. The only other issue besides the ocassional bug (that I only ever had at the very beginning, all smooth now!) is the sticky terrain. You will get stuck on the corner of a ramp, or even on players, because the game kind of defaults to jumping you when you do. Probably because of that sweet momentum!So keep on rollin', folks, and remember to dodge, duck, dip, dive, and dodge!======================================If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Original Curator Group"
,Recommended,270450,34758595,Posted: 5 September,all,Flax,"I am a proud owner of this game, the best game I have ever played. So good that I have bought 18 extra copies to gift to most of my friends that do own this game (I have not bought it for every single one of my friends on Steam that own this game, but I have gifted for most.)This game has the potential to be the best game ever created. The only problem is, there isn't enough players.You could ask anyone of my friends about how passionate I am for this game and how much money I have put into it.I have spent a lot of money on the community market as well, I probably shouldn't have, but being the best game in the world, I thought I'd support the game that I feel should be the most played game on Steam.Pros: [Everything]- Fast Paced Dodgeball Action- I am the best person at catching on this game- Cosmetics are swaggy and I must have them all- A ♥♥♥♥ing great laugh- Everything else is amazing about this gameCons: [NONE] (Apart from one thing)In all seriousness, this game hasn't got a lot of players on and sometimes is hard to find a full lobby. I have bought a lot of copies for my friends to kind of try and revive this game (step-by-step).All this game needs is a little bit of exposure so that it can be brought back to life.I don't have the most hours on this game, but now that a lot of friends have started playing again, I'm sure I will get a lot more.I rate this game a good 11/10 for everything.SHOULD YOU GET THIS GAME? OF COURSE!SHOULD YOU SPENDS♥♥♥♥♥♥TONS OF MONEY ON THE COMMUNITY MARKET FOR COSMETICS? OF COURSE!SHOULD YOU TELL YOUR FRIENDS ABOUT THIS GAME? OF COURSE!I have the passion and willpower to bring this game back and I challenge all my friends to write a review for the game and leave a positive recommendation.Thank you for creating such a great game! <3ya boi,Jago"
,Recommended,270450,16591997,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,2fron,Buy this game and throw dodgeballs at your friends.Does it need more of a review than that? Not really.
,Recommended,270450,14800666,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ghosty,"This is an amazing game. Its fun, its differnt, and most of all, your tripping while listening to dubstep and disco.What more could you want!Forget CS:GO, this is the new first person shooter.You get moves like a flying squirrel. Its just so good and amazingly well done! I reccommend to EVERYONE!"
,Recommended,270450,20482354,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Coach_Cooz,"Incredible game with a very dedicated Dev; he's always working on the game implementing new features and making various other improvements.This game is tons of fun and a very fresh take on the generally dry genre of online FPS.Check out the TotalBiscuit review on youtube for a more in depth look at the game.I'd also like to address the negative reviews stating there is no one online.  As of now (01/12/16) I have never had a probelm finding people online.  The population is quite small, but I've always been able to find active games.  I even played the other day at 7 am and, while numbers were certainly light, there were still a few people playing online."
,Recommended,270450,15345549,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Cash Cab,"This really is a great, fun, and challenging FPS so thumbs up on that. But what really sets it up is the attentiveness of the dev. One guy made this whole game, and just about anyone can add him and message him with suggestions and he'll listen and try incorporationg everything the community wants, something other games rarely ever have."
,Recommended,270450,15255858,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Orange Enigma,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball. The title is quite ridiculous. And so is its gameplay! Playing this, it makes you think, ""Why hasn't this been done?"" The whole concept is quite simple, and the execution is solid. With it's cartoony robots rolling around neon environments, it kind of gives the player a sense of what is really supposed to be had. Fun, and lots of it. The game has great singleplayer modes, such as arcade in which you are put up against multiple waves of enemies on each level, with only five lives to spare. After each level, you are given money to purchase powerups to get to the next, and trust me, you'll need em. Multiplayer is quite unique. With different modes, such as  Super Ball (similar to Oddball in Halo), Hoops (basically basketball), Elimination (""classic"" Dodgeball), and plenty more, there is enough variety to keep a single player, or a group of friends entertained for hours. The community is small, but everyone I've seem to have met has been nothing but nice to me. Unlike hardcore shooters such as CS:GO, the atmosphere promotes kindness as odd as it may seem. I attribute it to the cutesy asthetic and lack of push to talk. As for the performance, there is A LOT of lighting effects. On my machine (just a Macbook Pro with some decent upgrades, nothing fancy AT ALL), I have to disable most of them, but any decent PC will be able to enable most if not all of the settings. Now, the only flaws I can find are in multiplayer, the biggest being netcode. Catches seem to work rarely, and hit registration can be iffy. I'm sure these may be ironed out in future updates, but for now, we just have to sit and bear it. Do I reccomend this game? Yes, absolutely. It is one of my definitive multiplayer experiences of 2014 and 2015, simply because there is nothing like it, and it is a whole lot of fun."
,Recommended,270450,14629355,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Satanic_Hobo,"Some of the best Multiplayer you will find on Steam, no joke. I had seen some early gameplay of this game back when it was in Early Access and I was hesitant to get it, it looked interesting but seemed very bare and limited at the time. At full release I couldn't be happier with how the game turned out. The environments are bright, colorful, and work great for the gameplay. The soundtrack is amazing and the game plays really smooth. I was very impressed with how well the mechanics feel when it comes to throwing and catching the balls. This game also has a single player mode, for those times when your friends aren't in the mood to play! I would give this a solid 8/10, I wouldn't say it's perfect but it is a must play for me"
,Recommended,270450,15646359,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,vito_a16,"I felt like rewriting my original review because I think it isn't in-depth enough so here's a longer one.Robot Roller-Derby Disco DodgebalI cannot recommend this game enough. I got it yesterday during on sale for 9 bucks. Right from the start I was having a blast with it. I was having so much fun in fact I had to buy my buddy a copy so he could jump in as well.The game plays more like a classic arena FPS than a modern FPS but instead of turning other players into giblets you're throwing dodgeballs at them. There are many unusual mechanics that add to the game a lot. For instance sprinting is called 'boost' and after you use boost you have to let it recharge back to %100. Jumping doesn't just require taping the spacebar but also holding it. The longer you hold it the higher (or farther) you jump, it also has a 100% meter so you have to let it charge to use it again. Once you have a dodgeball in your hand you can throw it by holding and releasing the right mouse button. Charging it up to 100% makes the shot as strong as it can be. The left mouse button is used to power slide (think drifting). To power slide you hold forward, lmb, and turn towards a certain angle so you can't power slide just by moving forward. While power sliding your boost meter charges up quicker and you can even overcharge it giving you a faster boost. Besides throwing the dodgeball you can also catch, catching it automatically eliminates the person who threw it like in real dodgeball.Moving around is also quit different from other shooters. Since your not a bipedal human but a single wheel robot you can strafe as fast as you can walk forward and backwards but once you press w,s,a, or d you will move in that direction till you press another movement key or press the brakes button (e is default key). So basically if you press forward you will continue moving forward until you stop or move elsewhere.Just like a classic arena FPS you have an announcer announcing crazy kill combo you just had (double kill, multikill, ramapge). Besides getting extra points for racking up kills you also get extra points for doing trick shots and the announcer would say it as well. These include ricochet (hit a guy indirectly) dunk (hitting a guy underneath you midair) and long shot (the farther the range the more points you get) and plenty more.There are self improving upgrades in the game that can help you out during a match. The power ups are placed around the levels so if you're quick enough you can get one at the very beginning of the match. You can't know what power up you're getting because its random so you can't always get what you want. Some of the power ups include fireball (a blazing dodgeball that can't be caught so its best to avoid it), pogostick (lets you jump higher than normal) and jet pack (lets you hover with the jump button until your jumping gauge is 0% or until all your fuel is depleted). There are many more that I can't name at the top of my head.The electronic dance music also adds a lot to the game. Shooters these days try to present themselves as rough and serious since hearing your enemies footsteps is vital, I totally understand that this a valid reason but I miss the classic multiplayer soundtracks from past shooters (Foregone Destruction anyone?). Having EDM music in the background makes it more... I dunno... soothing? Like I haven't raged quit it this game even in matches where I go 3 and 15. I don't take it to so serious and its ok because I'm still having a blast. Sometimes I even bop to the beat and try to aim my shots when the bass drops or whatever lol but that's just weird ol' me.Multiplayer modes include:Deathmatch: Self explanatory. Score points by getting kills, the more kills the more points.Score Batte: Which ever team scores the most points wins. To get a lot of points its best to do trick shots.Elimination: Just like in real dodgeball, once you're hit you're out. If your teammate catches a ball you can come back in.Hoops: throw dodgeball through enemy hoops to score points, who ever scores the most wins.Super Ball: Hold the ""super ball"" for as long as you can to score points for your team. If a teammate has it you have to defend him. If a enemy has it you have to take it away from them.Grand Prix: you have to race around an arena to get to checkpoints. Leaders earn double points so his effort is vital. Also boost+drifting is key here.If you don't feel like playing multiplayer the single player aspect of the game is also super fun. Modes include:Training: pretty self explanitory, if your a newbie definitely give it a try.Arcade: Beat a group of bots (at the end of three waves or so you have to fight a boss), collect cash, buy upgrades with that cash, and keep playing till you hit game over. You start off with 4 lives but you can gain more later with upgrades. once you deplete all your lives you die.Challenge: Challenge isn't one mode but about 4-5 different modes. I haven't payed them yet but I'll check them out later.Bot match: If you feel like playing an offline match with bots then you can.I haven't let this game go since I bought it yesterday and Its because I've been having so much damn fun with it. My go to FPS is still BF4 right now but unlike BF4 in RRDDD not every match has to be super focus, intense and/or strategic. I feel like a child playing this game because its just simple fast pace fun. I dunno if its nostalgia but playing this game recaptures that same feeling I had when playing UT99 for the very first time and I love it.TL;DR Super fun fast paced Arena FPS Dodgeball game with neon lights and catchy music. Definitely give it a try.Original Review:So I just bought the game and holy crap this is one of the most funnest FPS (if you would call it that) that I've ever played. Let me preface this by saying I play tons of shooters, my main one right now is BF4. Even though I love that game to death there are plenty of frustrating moments with it (getting sniped by some dedicated camper across the map, dying for stupid reasons, admins ruining the momentum of the game when they have to balance things out, etc). This game on the other hand no matter how pro the enemy players are I'm always having fun jumping around and trying to get some hits while at the same time avoid getting hit. Only reason I would put this game down its if I get tired after playing it for hours, I haven't rage quit at all and believe me I tend to rage quit often. I'm loving this game so much I bought one for my buddy as a gift so we can play together. Really if you want to have a super fun time try this game out you will love it!"
,Recommended,270450,23961488,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Yeezus of Nazareth,is the good
,Recommended,270450,30475577,Posted: 12 March,all,Chef Curry,This game is so much fun for real. Grab a couple friends and FFA that♥♥♥♥♥♥and it will break friendships but still. lit game
,Recommended,270450,25598418,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Little Kitty In the Big City,"It's the best FPS I've ever played. I wish the movement was a bit faster and tighter, but you're on a unicycle, so I guess it's understandable."
,Recommended,270450,23228373,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,evocatus,"Minimalistic arena shooter with a tight core mechanic - projectile weapons with decent, fast-paced movement/physics. Good selection of gamemodes. Netcode needs some work. Could use a larger selection of maps."
76561198007730265,Recommended,270450,14565983,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lethn,"Are you tired of dull and grey military shooters? Are you fed up of micropayments ruining the gameplay? Are you fed up of everything in first person gaming being about shooting a gun constantly? Do you hate the fact that companies with the starting budget of a small country can't even program a decent server browser and shove matchmaking down your throat?Then I'm telling you now to buy this game, it has:. Lots and Lots and Lots of pretty neon lights and particle affects ( There's a reason it's called disco dodgeball ) I don't think even the white balls you pick up have a bit of grey in them. An interesting physics system where you're using literal dodge balls to smash your opponents to pieces, so yes, they ricohet off the walls and everything. Electronic/Dubstep style music. A server browser that doesn't suck and you're not forced to use matchmaking, dedicated servers!. Even though it's practically only been released in the past day or two, normally that's all it takes before backstabbing scumbag devs turn to micropayments and horrible DLC content that breaks the game and splits apart the multiplayer content, so far that doesn't seem to be happening, I hope I don't regret these words later!This was a real breath of fresh air from an incredibly stale market, it's definitely going to be indie developers that are going to carry the way forward when it comes to the games industry, long standing games companies are forgetting what makes a game sell and that's just that it needs to be fun!"
,Recommended,270450,23601793,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Akenøaki,"Wow, just wow.Robot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballPros:Local-SplitscreenGood SoundtrackYou can use your own musicVisualizer in every arenaOffline on Online funEasy to create serversWide variety of gamemodesCustom gamemodesMuch fun, alone or with friendsController SupportCons:Only english languageNo level-up rewardsSeriously guys, this game is a must have, I mean, even the name is awesome.Buy it."
,Recommended,270450,10951122,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jetta,"Massive amounts of fun for a small pricetag.  Very reminiscent of old school instagib in my opinion, just made much more accessible.  Being a ""unicycle"" with very limited boost and jump abilities really helps slow the game down to a very fun manageable pace.  I would imagine beginners would be able to scrap together a few kills and have a good time while veterans are busy slamming the ball off your face with style (mid-air 360s), and are rewarded for that.Great soundtrack and super fun gameplay (even solo with bots, moreso with friends though).The game is early access and beware, there are still some odd bugs like not actually picking up a ball when you may have thought you grabbed it.  There are also issues matchmaking with friends, but I would imagine come release this game will take full advantage of Steam and being able to join/invite friends."
,Recommended,270450,14803810,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Keau,"Pros-It's dodgeball-It's really really fun-Lots of easy modification (tons of settings)-You can be a helicopter-When this game is working it is hella fun, reallyCons-Netcode is sometimes unreliable (it is good enough to play usually)-Blocking incoming balls feels more like a random chance than a certainty-Sub-par netcode can result in balls and players teleporting around, causing frustrationOverall it is a good game, and I believe that in time, some issues may be worked out, but currently not worth the price tag.  I would wait for it to come on sale.  It should be about $10 for its quality.  Or i'm just cheap, who knows.  I am enjoying my time with it, but the netcode leaves me wanting more.As I become better at the game, the faulty netcode hurts me far more than a new player.  When you get better at catching balls and learn how to block, you realise that it is incredibly unreliable.Bottom line: It's still really fun regardless of any cons.  It really is.  I just wish it could be perfect."
,Recommended,270450,12501461,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cuddletrou af BandiWOAH XIII,"As of writin' this review, I've played this game for 2.3 hours, plus it's the 15:th of October, meanin' it's at the time this game is still in development. I've inspected the game throroughly through the sound aspects, graphics and general view of the game(I'm personally not the typical ""strict critic"" who only mentions the flaws). Anyways, let's get to it!Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball(I'll hereby refer to it as simply Disco Dodgeball for convenience) is a simple game based upon the classic school-activity most of us have experienced and loved, dodgeball. However, you are a roller-derby robot! If you haven't been part of it or played another version of it that isn't the typical american style, this is how it works...IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT DODGEBALL IS: Two teams are pitched against each other in a battle to eliminate the opposin' team by picking up the balls on the field and throwin' it on an enemy. Players who are hit are eliminated from the game, however can be brought back in the game if a friendly team member catches the ball thrown from the same enemy that eliminated you. Catching a ball thrown from the enemy while it's still in the air will result in that same enemy player being eliminated. The last man standin' wins.IF YOU KNOW WHAT DODGEBALL IS:Okay, so now you know what dodgeball is(or already have known), the version in this game is slightly different. First of all, there's no border restriction as to where the players from both teams can be at, the entire arena is free for both teams to roam. Secondly, the ball thrown from a player can bounce off of one surface and still eliminate an enemy. Also, as with the usual rules, you can protect yourself if you are holding a ball.MODESOkay, so there's dodgeball. Is that everythin' to it? Actually, no, there are several creative and very competetive gamemodes bundled with the game! There's last-man-standing styled team deathmatch(basically team vs. team with no respawn), there's a ""Super Ball"" mode where one team member has to hold the golden ball for as long as possible and get to the required score to win the game. There's also several single-player challenge modes such as horde, where you are alone and facing endless enemies who are tryin' to eliminate you(the round ends when you are eliminated). There's also Juggernaut, which is a mode where you rack up as many eliminations as possible in a 2-minute duration while completely insincible to thrown enemy balls.GRAPHICSFor such a small game with a simple mechanic, the graphics are incredibly appealin'. Neon-robots, speakers and walls that pump in sync with the music in-game, strobelights and whatnot. As for the options for graphics, it has pretty much a general consumer would need, and a little bit more. You can change things like Vsync, resolution, fog, glow, the music visualizer, gibs and reflections. There's even an option for AlienFX that I presume syncs the light from your Alienware computer with the music from your game. If you have ever been at a night club with pumping loud music, you will definitely recognize that feelin' when playino' this game with all the options turned on(excluding AlienFX).SOUND & MUSICThe sound and musical aspects of this game, just like the graphics, are extremely good! The sounds in itself are very good, you get the feeling that you are really there, what with the dodgeballs bouncing on the floor, the roller-derby tire on your robot body, and the epic announcer who mentions every kill you get like it's your biggest achievement! The music is very fittin' to the games setting as well, with pumpy and well-produced electro music, the kind you hear in clubs. The sound assets of the game can be changed in the options, which offers a slider for effects, voice and music sepparatly. You can also skip a song in the sound options and scroll through the songs available.GENERAL SETTINGSThe game offers customization for people who wants to be known on the battlefield, such as ""the green wariostache guy"". Finally people can go ""That purple sleepy guy keeps killing me!"" when you take em' down. You can customize your robot color, your face(things like multiple moustaches, cat whiskers etc) as well as glasses, and accordin' to the developer, more is to come!There are rebindable control options for gamepad and keyboard+mouse users(However no secondary button for the same action). Now, somethin' this game offers that I have NEVER seen before is rebindable keys for BOTH xbox and Playstation controllers! This also means you can change the sensitivity, as well as invert the Y-axis.You can also adjust your network settings for when you want to play with friends over a local network, or against other people publicly.CONCLUSIONThis game is absolutely fantastic! It is surprisin'ly competetive, and I believe real tournaments can be made for this game. The skillgap is certianly real, and there is very little ""luck"". The hitbox is precise and correct, the bots are well programmed and are certianly there to make gameplay a challenge. There are enough customization options, as well as custom game settings that's able to be made. I would certianly recommend that you and your friends grab a copy of this game(it's 9,99 euros. Can't go wrong with a purchase like that!), you'll have a lot of fun!~Melee"
,Recommended,270450,28503823,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,blackarcher,"A hidden Gem!RRDDD is shortly put: a dodgeball themed arena shooter in a disco-ish environment, that is highly addictive and made by just 1 Person!The Game has many Modes to choose: from the basic deathmatch and captures, over basketball-ish hoops to racing and teamwork where you can only score by passing to other Teammates and those KOing the Enemy. And the Best? if you get bored by those Modes, you can just create your own match and go completely nuts with around 100 Settings to choose! want a really tough and challenging game? go for it! in for pure Mayhem? just do it!I made a match with basically every mode put into it with max bots and balls, if that's not chaotic, what is? :PThe Game seams pretty simplistic but is so suprisingly fun, it REALLY deserves more attraction and a higher playerbase (it has a good amount of players, but more never hurts). and the fact the dev is continously supporting this great game and is helping the community wherever possible is something waaaay too rarely seen nowadays.Quick Pros and Cons:Pros:Highly addictive Gameplay with tons of Modes to choose fromPerfectly fitting Soundtrack, which takes some time to get old IMOAnnouncer adds to the fun dramatically, making it rewarding to see a bot blow to bits and he just taunts: ""go back to the Junkyard!""Crafting and customisation system: Items will drop during gameplay for your customization / crafting / trading or marketing needsArenas are diverse and sometimes offer a completely new way to play the exact same mode.MODS!!! so far you can do 3 Things: Change Soundtracks, (requires spotify) Change Bot names (only in SP) and - last but not least - change the announcer's Lines.I'm using the Trump mod pack and I'm absolutely loving it, even though bots tend to grab me someplace, i didn't even know i had? :PCons:Graphics could be better, IF your one of those persons who prefer graphic over anything, than this is the wrong game. But the Gameplay is much more important than stupid graphics and it looks perfectly fine IMHOController Support: nothing to complain in SP, but beeing unable to chat or give Kudos in MP is a bit of a downer.Repetetive: YES I ain't gonna lie, with all those modes and the abbility to create your own match, it's still just one and the same thing: some bots tossing balls at each other.Overall this is the way Indie Games should be like. and i can only give kudos to the dev for creating this by himself!My Rating: 9.5 / 10 Must have if you like Arena shooters! ( I don't really like those :P )"
,Recommended,270450,28238917,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Cyan,"Ignore the silly name, this is proper exciting projectile instagib WITH BASKETBALL HOOPS IF YOU WANT.My GOTY 2015. Probably."
,Recommended,270450,15259083,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Jimbread,"Why should you get this game?1) It's new, innovative, exciting2) Unlike some most of the recent games out on the market, RRDDD actually requires skill and is a game that has a high skill cap.3) Has great gamer-friendly-interface.4) Tons of gamemodes; the fun never ends.5) It's DODGEBALL6) Literally hours of enteratinment.7) The creator communicates and values all of what the community has to say."
,Recommended,270450,31658771,Posted: 9 May,all,Iconic™,"An awesome game, especially with a big group of friends to play with. It combines music, lasers, and everyone's favorite P.E game, dodgeball which is pretty cool. Worth the money!"
76561198234828004,Recommended,270450,25541925,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,CatGaming,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a fantastic shooter (by throwing dodgeballs) and is a perfect game for a online game night! Dodge your way to victory or be the agressive guy and throw as many balls as you can! some people may think this is your average dodgeball but its more then that. Its a addictive, Futuristic, ball throwing frenzy game! I higly recommend this amazing game to hardcore fans of dodgeball and shooters!"
,Recommended,270450,15315826,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,GreyLab,"This game seems really stupid, but it is VERY addicting. Its worth the money"
76561197971682615,Recommended,270450,14553450,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DiscoJacen,Solid easy-to-get-into GameplayGameplay that also leaves room for finese and skillNeat VisualsKickass soundtrackImagine the cheerfulness/colorfulness of a lasertag night out with your friend but instead with funky mustache robots in the comfort of your chair!This R2D3 dodgeball comes out of nowhere and hits you in the face.... And you'll freagin LOVE IT!!!9/10 Would compulsively buy again due to disco title and over the top 80s trailer!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx5oADfFQg0
,Recommended,270450,14547124,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dick Kickem,This game is amazing i found myself playing for hours leveling up my robot and getting many sunglasses and faces.
,Recommended,270450,14561093,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SlayerJay,"This game is really fun, especially on Multiplayer. There is a lot of bright colors and many particles like you're at a party. It feels really exciting to run around and throw balls at each other. Throwing balls are fun. If you like FPS, dodgeball, robots, and parties, you'll love this game.9.8/10"
,Recommended,270450,14582420,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dayman,"If you're looking for a game that you can play quickly and still have a lot of fun, this game works well.+TONS of interesting modes.  Almost all of them are intense and fun.+Play against real people or play against the bots, which I enjoy playing against as well.+Good laughs on some of the ridiculous plays you can make and that happen to you.+Dev is one guy and he seems to care a lot about the game.+The throws just feel right and it you can get lucky, but it requires quite a bit of skill.+Powerups help change things up and keep the game interesting.+There's quite a few ""levels"" to play on.+Graphics for me are lively and fit the game well.On to the things that I believe could be improved:-The jumps feel a bit to floaty for me.  Too easy to get caught midair imo-There's not that many sound tracks.  You could mute and play your own music if you want though of course.-I don't see an option to customize the robot at this point.BONUS: The dev has plans to add a lot to the game.  I don't count it as a plus because you don't know if it will happen, but you can see in his post that he wants to add steam workshop to fix the robot customization problem, a level editor, more powerups, etc.As the game is at this very moment, I already would wholeheartedly recommend the game at full price.  It's not a AAA release or really flashy, but it is a whole lot of fun, which is what I play games for.  I would currently give this game a 8.5/10 and I will upgrade the score if even more of the features are added.BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,270450,11806780,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Blindlight,"Dont be fooled this game is hardcore: ultra limited ammo, instagib, no hit-scan, ability to block shots and send them back at your enemies. Unique movement system. With some more polish, server settings, new maps, and stuff like dedicated servers it could be a really good, difficult competitive game."
,Recommended,270450,23489853,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,CloudBucket -,It warmed me up for CSGO
,Recommended,270450,14535644,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Darkness3827,"One of the most amazing games ever. Great concept, not buggy at all. The dev is incredibly nice and listens to the community a ton, he is also often in game playing with other members of the community. As for the community it is incredibly good, in all the matches I have played I have never met any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or whiney kids."
76561198082779058,Recommended,270450,14604391,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,RicketyCricket,"Saw dodgeball and overwelmingling positive reviews and decided to shoot for it. Best money ive spent in a while, played 7 hours last night!It's like playing dodgeball in a laser tag arena with skates. Plus the music is exciting and intense. 11/10Oh yeah you can play basketball too"
,Recommended,270450,23438199,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Yiga,"Can Play some intense fast-paced Dodgeball with the beatof ANY SONG YOU WANT!?!?!?! Yes! ( .wav and .ogg files )Get in the face, and explode.Hit others in the face, and they explode.Can be Michael Jordan, and make majestic dunks in Hoops mode.This game is a must-have."
76561198193315271,Recommended,270450,31249195,Posted: 19 April,all,Dragon2K17,"This game has everything you could want from a multiplayer game. Good level design, fun and unique gameplay, the graphics arn't AAA quality but still looks pretty good on ultra and with partical effects, bots that are very fun to play alongside and against, no studering or crashing, lots of maps and modes, in AAA games my pc sounds like it's ready for take off but here it barely breaks a sweat with everything maxed out, the game is regularly updated with new maps, there are gameplay modifiers that adds even more depth to the gameplay such as (jet packs, homing shot, no catching, super jump, super speed, laser shot, boomerang ball, high/low gravity, fast/slow respawn, etc.), and most of all a sick sound track. As you can tell I have a lot of hours in this game, and for good reason."
,Recommended,270450,14586492,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ancient,"You will simply have to purchase and play this to understand how amazingly awesome it is.Probably the most skill-based shooter I've seen in 5 years.Beautifully simple arenas ; Player customization ;Too many game modes.Too much fun.You will enjoy this game.  You have my word.If you'd like to dig a little deeper, check out the blog I have dedicated to RRdDD:Robotrollerderby.blogspot.com"
,Recommended,270450,10195456,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ǂDreaming Moorǂ,"This game is amazing, I mean its robots and dodgeball, this game is perfect."
,Recommended,270450,15076753,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,whigwam,"I grabbed a dodgeball mid-air, dunked it on the nearest enemy's head, and the announcer called out ""THAT'S A SPICY MEATBALL!"" That was when I realized RRDDD is my new favorite multiplayer game.Props:- Fast-paced, physics-based, arena ""shooter"" gameplay with surprising depth.- Great variety of game modes. Deathmatch, Elimination, and Capture the Cube are all solid stand-by modes. For me, though, the real gem is Hoops, which is basically basketball mixed with dodgeball. Really fun stuff.- Ridiculously fast load times. Joining a server takes a few seconds (!) on average.- Simple, but impressive, graphics. Neon lights flash and strobe along with the music.- Excellent music (and if it's not to your taste, you have the ability to import and play your own music in-game...and yes, the lights will strobe in time with your custom music too!)- Friendly, welcoming community.- Developer is active, involved on forums, and truly listens to feedback. A real mensch.- Robot mustaches.Slops:- Some latency issues to be resolved. Playing on a dedicated server should fix the issue, but dedicated servers are not publicly searchable at this time. Once they are, RRDDD could become a truly competitive game. But for now, the occasional rubber-banding/collision detection failures will remain a minor annoyance. I really don't want to overstate the issue, though. Most of the time lag/latency gives me little to no trouble.- I can't think of anything else to complain about.RRDDD is an astonishingly well-polished game given that it is the product of one developer. Erik has really hit on something genius here: gameplay that is immediately, viscerally, undeniably fun. Rarely do I play a game of RRDDD without someone commenting something along the lines of ""this game is so much fun."" It seems like an obvious thing -- most games are supposed to be ""fun"" -- but how often do people really feel the need to state it? Well, RRDDD is so much fun, that you will involuntarily cry out ""THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN"" every time you play it. There is nothing you can do to prevent it.In summary, the only valid reason to not want to play this game is that you hate fun. You don't...hate fun...do you?"
76561198210423437,Recommended,270450,30475079,Posted: 12 March,all,Fanatic4Jesus,This is one of the most satisfying games I have ever played.Pros1. Dodge ball has become deadly2. Game gets super crazy when you play it with friends3. Game rules are edited very easily4. Awesome sound tracks (dubstep yea boi!)Cons1. None :)
,Recommended,270450,10996963,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Boncottled,"«« Review re-written 13th Feb, 1 week before full release! (Australian time) »»Amazing game. Fast-paced, unique gameplay, simple but effective graphics, lots of customisation, multiple maps and game modes, power-ups and crazy server modifiers, fun singleplayer challenges, awesome soundtrack, and a fantastic dev who is friendly, listens and responds to the just-as-fantastic community, and works hard to update the game on a regular basis.I can't fault the game. 10/10, GOTY, deserves its #1 spot on top of the multiplayer genre. Buy it."
76561198094525600,Recommended,270450,14629289,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ChowChow260,This game is like laser tag when you were a kid. Except infinitely better. (and disco dodgeballs)There is sick dubstep blaring in the back while you pummel people with ball after ball.This game is just pure fun and just takes me back to laser tag as a kid.The amount of enjoyment you get is astounding and a amazing community.Sorry if this isnt a good review this is my first one. I just had to make one for this game.
76561198005235008,Recommended,270450,23436130,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Glych,"Takes a moment to get use to the physics heavy controls.Once you have...it's really fun!Has a single player mode thats compelling enough to play while you get use to the game.Once you have head over to the online multiplayer where the game truely shines by taking a lobby of people though it's assortment of different game modes keeping the gameplay fresher....for longer ;)Has no issues getting into matches quickly.Music is fun with lots of energy, enough variety to not get bored.If you think you want it..even a little...just buy this game."
76561198024122764,Not Recommended,270450,23297869,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kush Daddy,"R.I.P. Game CommunityHad fun while it lasted. A unique idea that worked well but I guess people would rather play something else. It's competitive but casual with a retro and colorful atmosphere. I kicked a lot of a-s once I got used to the controls and game mechanics.http://steamcharts.com/app/270450It also has offline bots thankfully so it's not a complete waste of money. But right now that's virtually the only way to play unless you're lucky enough to have a dozen friends with this same game.Also, this game has the worst hit detection at times. A ball will collide with another ball but someone will somehow get knocked out. Many times I've seen a live ball hit a player and nothing happens. A ball will get within like 3 feet of a player and they'll get knocked out. There's many more examples but those are the most notable. The crafting system is rediculous. You get a new  item every day you play a match it seems. But you can't unlock anything with these. Just craft a complex ingredient once you finally get 5 different basic ingredients. Then once you craft 4 different complex pieces (which piece you get is random) you can finally unlock an uncommon item. It's beyond me why it takes so long to acquire one stupid cosmetic item from this system."
,Recommended,270450,31874584,Posted: 20 May,all,gd224,"A fantastic little game that deserves a lot more praise. This one could be the next Rocket League. It is essentially robots playing dodgeball in a disco setting. The game is addicting and it feels satisfying to hit other players (whether it be against real people or AI bots). A little tip for those struggling against AI bots: set the power ups to just the homing dodgeballs that way you'll always have a chance  to hit someobdy. Anyways, get this game!"
,Recommended,270450,15702882,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Combat Seat Occupant,"I have never had so much fun binge playing a game until 4 in the morning with a group of friends, HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,270450,21398458,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,30phil1,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball... If you can say it, you're far ahead than most peopleSo, what is it?If you were to take popular FPS games like CS:GO, CoD, or Quake, throw them into a rave, then give them all slow-ish projectiles instead of guns, you would get this.The basic premise of RRDDD is dodgeball. (duh!) The main difference between real-life and Disco dodgeball is how there is no barrier to spereate teams. Yeah, you can turn around and get mashed in the face with a bright, glowing orb of terror. (I mean a dodgeball, not that guy from The Regular Show)ProsVery original concept. Show me one half-decent dodgeball game!Great music. This might be a matter of taste but I abso-freaking-lutley love the EDM that plays. That reminds me...You can add your own music. t might not be the most well known feature or even the best implemented but it's there and its real handy.Arcade mode is a blast, expecially when you have friends' scores to beat.Very simple online settings. I know that there are special tools to make fancy, dedicated servers but the in-game server list and ""make an online game"" tools are about all you'll ever need.Enough modifiers to crush a wooly mammoth. Want to play a low-gravity, game of FFA while one half can shoot lazer balls and the other have jet-packs? Now you can!ConsLaggy online. Like, don't even try catching the ball while moving backwards, just don'tThe bots are weird. They go from having the aim of a Stormtrooper to freaking Clint Eastwood depending on if they're ""Medium"" or ""Easy""Non-existent servers. Good luck trying to find an online game.It's actually gotten much bigger in recent timesHaven't seen the developer in a while. Gone are the times of the weekly or even monthly updates. The last update was like 3 months before this reveiw was written. (Comment if this changes and I'll rewrite it)The reason for the slow updates was due to a massive local co-op update. The schedule has resumed.I can't recommend this game enough if you like fast-paced games or if you just have a few friends. Wait for the sales and try to pick up the 4-pack for like $20 if you can. (that's about 18 Euros and 14 British Pounds) I'm just dissapointed at the lag in the servers and the lack of players.TL;DR Good fast-paced game buthardly anyone plays itit's kinda laggy.EDIT: Fixed my horrible HTML. Anything strikethrough is new."
,Recommended,270450,14685496,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mr Nobody,"Exactly as the title describes.Simple to pick up and play, lots of fun, great concept, banging soundtrack, and runs well.  Definitely worth it.10/10 the beats were phat."
,Recommended,270450,22151600,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,The Master Hobo,"TLDR belowRobot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball: a unique name for a unique game. I've played some good games, some bad games; I've played games for long periods of time, and I've played games for a few minutes before dropping them forever; and somehow, this game is a shining monument to what a game can be.The game itself is pure arena-FPS bliss, with the fun new twists a dodgeball theme would bring. You can choose to weave through a storm of murderous projectiles, or you can drop your own and bring demise to your foes by catching. Various game modes bring on entirely new styles of play: care is required to not die in elimination, while throwing caution to the wind to make a spectacular kill is totally acceptable in score battle. Powerups can turn the tide of battle if you use them correctly and can get you killed if you don't. The rolling movement is slightly difficult to acclimate to but definitely works to help the flow of the game. And of course, it wouldn't be an arena shooter if you didn't have an announcer stating your helicopter kills and your killstreak.However, the community and dev are what make the game truly outstanding. The community, albeit small, is full of great people willing to help you on your quest to dodgeball greatness or just chat. Bitter rivalries and strong friendships amongst veteran players make the game almost feel like a sport. Erik, our fabulous dev, keeps the updates coming many months after the game's release, through having a kid and working on a new project. He posted a post-mortem of the game a year after release, outlining the development process, the games strengths and drawbacks, and his plans for the future (link at bottom if you want to read it). Shortly after this, he dropped the games base price from 15 USD to 8 as part of an ongoing attempt to fix one of the game's major problems: the lack of players. He's constantly in the forums answering questions, looking for bugs to patch, and just trying to make everyone have a great experience.At this point I must implore you, reader who is considering this purchase: do the community, the dev, and most importantly, yourself a favor; buy this game.TLDR: great mechanics, great community, great dev, great purchase!Link to post-mortem:http://www.82apps.com/DiscoDodgeball/blog/disco-dodgeball-postmortem.htmlEdit: Totally forgot about robot customization. Robot customization and trading/market is good if you're into that sort of thing but is not necessary."
76561198297039902,Recommended,270450,34087134,Posted: 7 August,all,INFRA Fierycrown,Its actually really fun grab some friends and head towards hours of insane trickshots
76561198117501378,Recommended,270450,33362655,Posted: 7 July,all,Raze.Rival,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a pretty fun game. In Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball, you are a robot that dodgeballs people in a roller-derby disco. Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball has multiplayer, so you can really Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball with your friends. The only con is the tiny, infinitesimally small chance you might run into ray on a server."
,Recommended,270450,14617054,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BlueMaxima,"A multitude of game modes, competent bots, lots of options, fantastic online netcode and skill-based gameplay with a really tall ceiling. Why haven't you bought this yet?"
,Recommended,270450,31960981,Posted: 25 May,all,Ode The Ape,10/10 - has a better dev team than CS:GO.
,Recommended,270450,16504636,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"I first saw Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball on the Steam store during Early Access. I was interested in this game because of the Disco Dodgeball part of the title, as I am a fan of the disco genre. I bought the game after it left Early Access. As I was introduced to this game, I was treated to a flashy arena filled with bright colors and entertaining disco music. This game has both single player and multiplayer, but it places more emphasis on multiplayer since it puts you, a rolling robot with one wheel, against other rolling robots. You are either with the red team or blue team. Your robot looks strikingly similar to Claptrap from the Borderlands series.Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball looks like a first-person shooter, but the weapon you use is a ball inside a futuristic looking arena with ramps, robots from your team, and robots from the opposing team. The game emphasizes combat with that ball and you can score one hit kills just like your opponents can do to you. There is never a dull moment in this game, as the music is always rocking and your robot is constantly running around the arena either trying to knock out your opposing robot or trying to avoid getting knocked out. It takes some time to master the skills of advanced movements such as blowing up a robot while in mid-air or blowing up a robot with a ricochet hit. So, this game is wildly different than traditional first-person shooters.The main mode is deathmatch, which requires your team to reach a particular score before your opponent does by scoring knockouts with your ball. There are powerups scattered around the arena that can give you an edge, such as a boomerang, higher jumps, extra ricochets, bigger balls for easier knockouts, easier targeting, etc. There are many other modes that enhance replay value with the main objective of scoring team points that have nothing to do with scoring knockouts. For example, hoops is a basketball-like mode that requires your team to find a specific ball to shoot through a hoop for a point and the team that shoots the most hoops wins. This mode puts your movement skills to the test because shooting hoops is extremely difficult while constantly moving. You will have to learn to use the brake key in order to shoot accurately. Another interesting mode is capture the cube, a mode that requires you to steal a cube from your opponent and race with the cube to place in your domain for a point. While the main goal is to score points with the cube, you can use your balls to knock out opponents to increase your personal level. Increasing your personal level will allow you to buy certain upgrades for future matches such as gears and other equipment. Other than teams, you can opt for free for all (FFA) competition in each mode. FFA requires all robots to compete for themselves, meaning you score for yourself and not for a team.Those who are used to first-person shooters will feel right at home because the mouse/keyboard configuration is familiar. The mouse is very effective in moving your futuristic robot in all directions. You can learn to catch balls thrown at you so that you can throw them back at your opponent for quick knockouts/kills. Mastering your movements can help you score creative kills which will increase your personal/robot level. Creative kills include the aforementioned killing in mid-air, ricochet kills, and long distance kills.One cool feature in this game is the ability to hit the F5 key to record the last four seconds of your gameplay. Recording the last 4 seconds of gameplay will be saved as a .gif file. You can place the .gif file in the artwork section of your Steam page to show off your sudden kills and talented moves. This type of recording is very rare for any video game.Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is an exciting game in terms of gaudy graphics and gameplay. I wish there were more music available, especially American disco. The music in the game sounds like European disco only, but it’s still very entertaining and will keep players upbeat. There are many levels of arenas with wildly different shapes and many modes that have different goals for scoring and winning matches.  I recommend this game for its looks, gameplay, and extremely high replay value. Kudos to Erik Asmussen for making a fine indie game.My score: 8/10"
,Recommended,270450,29671512,Posted: 3 February,all,Zeron,"Read full review here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/TheZeronShow/discussions/3/133256240727983711/* Some facts about the game are subject to change, keep in mind the date the review was posted.Pros:- Interesting and unique design- Great diversity of game modes- Ability to set custom rules for the matches- Costumizable robots- Fair and balanced gameplay- Overall, a good community (thanks to the moderators)- Cheaters are rarely found and usually just affect highscores- The game is still getting updates- Many server locations- Easy to set up a server and the game provides many options for the host- Ability to play your own songs in the gameCons:- The light effects can confuse the player during gameplay- Latency issues that complicate core gameplay functions (ex: catching)- Despite the good diversity, some game modes are a chore to play- The way the spawn areas are set up, the teams will push each other just to grab a ball- The single-player portion of the game is decent, but not great- There aren't enough balls available in the matches, the player will spend too much time finding a ball rather than playing the gamePros/Cons (depending on the player):- The items don't have any effect in gameplay and are purely cosmetic- Fast-paced gameplay- Techno soundtrack- Obtaining higher levels and items becomes grindy at a certain point"
,Recommended,270450,14105227,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TEEM ROKIT |LAB|,"Good and very fun indie title where the Dev isnt going to take a run for your moneyTo describe it i would have to say its everyone running around with a nade launcher and your in a flashy club with EDM/House music playin non stop.Interesting mechanics put into the game, but hit reg can be a tad wonky (As of now, when you throw a ball at an opponent it bounces off them, THEN the enemy explodes)I'd definelty recommend it"
76561198117146064,Recommended,270450,15197599,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Code,Amazing ConceptAmazing FunAmazing SatisfactionAmazing SoundtrackAmazing LevelsAmazing CommunityAmazing DeveloperAmazing Game10/10
,Recommended,270450,32777673,Posted: 25 June,all,Ciel (cielfucked),"Love it, you can spend hours on here or just have a quick game.Easy to pick up and it never gets boring, I'd recommend this game to everyone."
76561198262431663,Recommended,270450,20272890,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,PeptronicMan,"Really great. Not only was it excellent visually, but it also had an awesome soundtrack."
,Recommended,270450,14269087,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,[RedCoats] Koschilein ~Ks~,You think you have the balls for this?
,Recommended,270450,10267413,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Johners,"I found this game while aimlessly browsing through Steam Early Access. I'm usually quite cautious when I take an interest in games that are on Early Access, for a number of reasons, and I usually take a look at the game and then I'll consider buying it once it is closer to a full release in order to reduce any chance of a completely broken game or one that has its development stopped, which has actually happened to an ever increasing number of games on Steam Early Access.However, this game was different. Before I clicked on the game, the name itself had caught my attention more than the name of any other game has done in the past. It sounded so wacky, and some what satirical, that I was actually excited to see what the Early Access page was going to throw into my face... And boy was I right to click on this game.The first video that is played back to you when you initially click on the game was enough to make me buy it. A browser extension I had, called Enhanced Steam, showed a statistic further down the page saying that only around 70 people were playing it at any given moment (peak value) and only around 10 people were playing it at the moment. I promptly ignored that are I made the assumption that the game itself was new, which it is to some extents, so it is likely that this game has a lower number of players than other games on Early Access or even those as full releases do.After quickly downloading the game on my average internet connection. I was promptly dropped into a game that had a decent user interface, it was clean but isn't the best visually. The options menu had a plethora of options to tweak so I could set the resolution I wanted as well as configuring my audio, input and a few other options that allow me to adjust my gameplay to what I want to - rather than having an experienced forced onto me (wink wink, nudge nudge)...I quickly found a game that was open, it had I believe 5 players in it and the game mode was the standard that you expect to see in any FPS game. And this is when I was grabbed by the game. The gameplay, although simple, is fantastic. Speeding around on Roller-Robots while bumping into each other like a Derby while throwing Dodgeballs at each other while listening to Disco music... You have to buy this game and at a cost of only £6.99, you can't go wrong. You really can't.I'm not going to say the game doesn't have any problems though. However, you should also remember, at least at the time of writing this review, the game is in Early Access and the game is only being developed by one person. He has done a great job and he continues to do so. I'd love to see the development team grow larger if it meant we could bug fixes faster as well as some extra features/content added to the game in order to give more value to it.One of the major issues, which I suspect could be easily fixed, is the lack of dedicated servers and the quality of the multiplayer experience. Unless there is an issue at my end, which there shouldn't be, the multiplayer can sometimes be laggy and what I do doesn't always show up on the screens of other players and likewise the opposite also occurs. Dedicated Servers would be a great addition to the game because it will allow the multiplayer to be centralised which can help with latency and those issues that occur because you always find one person has an issue connecting to another person due to, for example, location.Overall I do recommend this fantastic game. Is it perfect? No! Is it a high quality game that should only get better? Yes! Will you enjoy it? That is down to personal preference... However, this game gets a solid recommendation from me."
,Recommended,270450,28923810,Posted: 1 January,all,camregs,worth it
76561198051425125,Recommended,270450,14927407,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sckolar,"-Challenging NPC (On singleplayer). Overall, they are better than players on multiplayer. Good teammates and challenging foes depending on your difficulty. The only time they are bad is when you play with them on multiplayer.-Arcade & Horde mode, set a score. These modes will generally make you better at the game.-Capture the cube (Flag)-Elimantion-and more!-Also, very responsive developer(s) in the ""discussions"" threads.Ever liked dodgeball as a kid? Like techno? You will like this game. Simple, friendly fun."
76561198111440931,Recommended,270450,14629240,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Xycron,This game is funkier than it's fantastic title leads you to believe!
,Not Recommended,270450,19166613,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,R.I.P Nestor Madrigal,"This game is really fun!!But the fact that it doesn't seem like there will be new servers, The lag is horrible!!Yes its fun, But if i knew that the lag was going to be uncontrollable, I wouldn't have bought it.You'll be lucky to find 5 players playing, and if there is, There will be lag."
,Recommended,270450,30719866,Posted: 24 March,all,cheesyluigi,"Quite possibly one of the best communities I've played with, this is one of those ""just a few more minutes"" games. Not as much of a fan of the singleplayer, but this game is a blast when there's people online (there is a small but very dedicated playerbase). I got it on sale, but I would gladly pay full price."
,Recommended,270450,30394860,Posted: 8 March,all,TheUniporn,"This is a bit like an FPS game but instead of bullets you occasionally have one ball, and the action takes place in a brightly colored arena with flashy lights. The soundtrack matches the spirit of the game and I quite liked it. There are a ton of game modes and it also has single player, which I guess would be necessary with a player base that is very small. Unlike games as Rocket League that have a healthy player pool, this one doesn't offer the same adrenaline rush and it has a relatively low skill ceiling. I like the game but it doesn't have something to keep me playing.Rating: tag, you're not it!Recommendation: I don't know if I can recommend a multiplayer game that has a super small player base.http://pixelloot.com/"
,Recommended,270450,30540970,Posted: 16 March,all,zacelmenreich,"I'm a bit of a gaming n00b, especially when it comes to first-person shooters.  I only learned how to switch WASD with the arrow keys using Fn+W a few days ago.  Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball was the perfect game for a guy like me.  There are ""training"" and ""arcade"" modes for me to build up my skills, and once I get better, I'll spend more time in the ""online"" mode.  The music isn't bad or great, and the graphics are basic.  My MSI Radeon 480X Gaming (4 Gb) is decidedly overpowered for this game.  I don't even think I've made the fans spin.Anyway, if you want to start a new genre, start here.  My nephew plays FPSs all the time, and he thinks it's cool."
,Recommended,270450,12871889,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,BLISS,"~~This review is outdated but with the latest updates I recomend this game more than ever~~My personal GOTY 2014. This game is a (somewhat) quake inspired dodge ball simulator with great music, flashing lights, and neon fueled robots. While there are quite a few gamemodes the three that stand out to me are normal (first to some amount of style points wins), elimination (standard dodgeball, you get hit you're out. If a teammate catches a ball someone comes back in), and deathmatch (first to some amount of kills). All that being said, servers are usually empty so you'll be playing against bots unless you have friends. The bots can hold their own though."
76561198049178296,Recommended,270450,12750385,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,SteevTheConqueror,"Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball is the most inexpensive return to the arena shooter genre I've found on Steam...that's also available for Mac. The action's solid, the rendering is high-quality, and the music's good.  Although the movement mechanics can be frustrating, one might argue that they add another level of skill to the game (but this is for the player to decide).Do recommend for fans of old-school arena shooters (UT, Quake), although it recently stopped working on my computer for unknown reasons."
76561198057686752,Recommended,270450,12973980,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Fate,This Game NEVER GETS Boring! I got it a few days ago and I have not stoped playing it since. It is really worth the money and the game is hard the easy bots are even hard! Really. Anyway If you love dogeball you will love this game. YA almost forgot the music in this game! 10/10. If you get the game we can play against eachother or together!
,Recommended,270450,33878291,Posted: 29 July,all,Hipsterfred,"""Your mother is a toaster""This game, is really just a lot of fun, i do recommend that you get together a couple of friends, because you get to play against 3 opponents.You play vs pros 40% of the time another 40% is bots and the last 20% is beginners, people who just bought the game alone, so buy it with friends, because the pros they are good, real good.But this game is just amazing, just the name is freaking amazing, nice community, good developer and just a hell of a fun game.Side note: The game also has some really good pve content, so you can buy it alone for that part."
76561197973269730,Recommended,270450,20024824,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nightfire,"This game is exactly what it says it is! That is, a trippy, fast-paced, sci-fi sports game where funky robots throw balls at each other to earn kills. Sounds simple, right? Honestly, it sounds like it might betoosimple, or even boring, but trust me - it's not.Ah, yes. This game reminds me of the days when games were built for fun, when small studios would simply think of a good idea andrunwith it, without worrying about whether or not it fit the current market trends. This game is surprisingly original as a result; I can't think of any other game like it. It scratches an itch that most other games simply don't.I was pleasantly surprised by how robust this game is. The map designs are highly varied, there are tons of powerups to grant your robot different abilities (flaming balls, homing balls, giant balls, and boomerang balls, to name a few), your robot will ""level up"" and unlock new cosmetics, there is a crafting system, and there are a plethora of different game modes which serve to keep you adapting to new styles of play. There's just so much here to keep a person entertained, but for some reason, none of this came across to me when I watched the trailers. Truly, this is a game that you have to play for yourself in order to understand how awesome it is.To try and describe it though, this game is all about skill, and learning how to react quickly and precisely is the key to victory. The matches are fast and furious, but at times feel like a ballet - occasionally your robot will drift, skid, or soar through the air, and you will quickly find that it takes some careful tactics in order to avoid becoming exposed and killed. You will also find, occasionally, that you will be in the ""zone"" and, as if in a trance, start to rack up massive amounts of kills while jamming to the beat of the killer soundtrack.Speaking of which, this game has some of the best music I've heard in recent memory (finally, I've found a game where I don't have to turn the music off and listen to my MP3s!) If you like electronic music at all, I can promise you that you will fall in love with the soundtrack immediately. To make things even better, the psychedelic arenas visually react to the music and change colour when the songs turn over, which only serves to enhance the whole experience. ""Stimulating"" is the word I would use to describe this fusion of sights and sound, and it is a stroke of pure brilliance on the developers' parts.I really can't think of enough good things to say about this game, but with that said, there are a few downsides that I feel I should mention:Firstly, the community seems to be very small, and this can lead to a deficit of viable servers or servers that are crowded with bots. It's easy enough to use the server browser to find out where all the human players are at, but if you elect to use the ""quick match"" feature, be prepared to be thrown into the ring with bots every time.Secondly, if your ping is higher than 100, you will quickly find that you are at a marked disadvantage against people who have, say, 30-50 ping. Joining the right server is crucial for this reason, but it's a bit disappointing that the netcode doesn't do anything to compensate for this.Thirdly, you will encounter the occasional hacker. It seems that the community is largely hacker-free, but this unfortunate element does seem to exist to some degree. Thankfully, the game has a votekick feature so that troublemakers can be dealt with swiftly.Lastly, I feel like the game needs a teensy, tiny bit of polish. The UI and menus are a bit ugly, and while the arenas do look great, there are some rough visual edges on a few of the maps. These are small gripes, but they are gripes nonetheless.Minor issues aside, I am already hooked onRobot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeballdespite having played very little of it. This game ""grabbed"" me right away and refuses to let go, and that is an impressive feat to be said for any game. I am planning to play a lot more of it, and I hope you will take the plunge and do the same!"
76561197964143777,Recommended,270450,33548456,Posted: 14 July,all,MongMongEee,Extremely fun and the game has significantly improved since launch and lots of free content added. Feels great with tight controls. Simple idea with elaborate execution.
,Recommended,270450,14721126,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DTM450,"10 outa 10 I would recommend again.if you like fast paced action packed insanity and awesome music this is for you.Get 10 people and play together this is one hectic game with lots of poeple, you'll be screaming at your friends on skype for stealing your kills.I love the intro music honestly I start it up just to listen to the epic music.If you don't own this game and have a friends group of 6 or more get this game it will be the best decision of your life.Trust me when I say ""IT'S ON LIKE DONKEY KONG""."
76561198160660230,Recommended,270450,19879769,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cat Guy,"love how this game takes normal dodgeball and turns it into almost any gamemode you could possibly imagine.  Online matches are sometimes hard to find but the bot match and challenge modes are very fun and can be challenging.Pros:1: customization is pretty straight foward and easy to get random decals2: variety of gamemodes3: all the matches I have played have been very enjoyable, meaning the community is great.Cons:1: some crafting materials drop way too much and some too little2: not that many games to join (not a consistent ammount)3: The bots can actually aim, and in some modes only go after youI totally recommend this game and some of the cons I have listed are realy just me complaining because this game is great!!!"
,Recommended,270450,15238175,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,E3kHatena,"Skylish kills, satisfying feel, challenging solo modes, amazing soundtrack and robot mustaches, all packed into a good-looking package that doubles as a visualizer for custom music."
,Recommended,270450,14185456,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,bulba was on liquid once,You don't know how much you need this game.
,Recommended,270450,23910253,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,_Slashh_,Its like playing dodgeball in a nightclub while a laser-tag game is in progress.Probably one of the best games I've played since its release.
,Recommended,270450,15458556,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,redi,"An intense and fast-paced, robotic FPS that is a BLAST. Catchy electronic music that will fill you with enjoyment and anxiousness, as you peek around corners or charge into battle in various different gamemodes as your very own customizable disco robot."
,Recommended,270450,13855021,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Soda Drinker Pro,"This game is completely fun!  It's one of those games where it's got all the things I want in a game, chucking dodgeballs, colorful lights, well designed arenas, smooth controls, great graphics and excellent music!  It's one of those games you can come back to at anytime and it will always be fun!  I absolutely highly recommend Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball!"
,Recommended,270450,13599573,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MrChainsaw,I actually had fun.Something I havent had while playing Vidya in a very long time.8/8 m8.
,Recommended,270450,31866916,Posted: 20 May,all,#lyon,"Such a fun game, has a Rocket League vibe, and is fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,270450,9872834,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Lenny,It has robots with moustaches.10/10 can't fail
,Recommended,270450,14591819,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,bottled water,I don't really dig the tunes but you can mute that thump thump and turn on some ABBA for a delightfully violent robot pulvarizing ballet of leather and sparks.The game harkens back to a time when multi-online competition was about fun and not vulgar grinding. The game is packed to the brim with solo/friend modes. The scoring system for arcade isn't terribly intuative...but at least there is one.Buy the game. If nothing else as a slap in the face to COD and their groveling free weekend.
76561198086631363,Recommended,270450,11694400,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Diego Crumbs,#HYPE 11/10
,Recommended,270450,21527991,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Arch-er,It's really fun.. but it's so hard to find a server with at least 1 player. Yes basically multiplayer is dead if you don't have friends to play.
,Recommended,270450,14567765,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,みさろ,pros-everythingcons-nothingget this game
76561198113949950,Recommended,270450,29245518,Posted: 14 January,all,Petrolid,"Okay, so I saw this game on the Winter sale and it got my attention and curiousity. After I played the game for a couple of hours I understood that it's actually EVEN BETTER than what I expected. It's extremely fun and relaxing after a long hard day. The mechanics, the soundtrack that will keep you in the game and will give you a hell of a good time, the different maps and game modes, the cool achievements and items you can customise your character with (if you're into this kind of things) and not to forget the cool Steam badges the developers of this game offer, it's all absolutely fantastic. If you want hours of absolute fun accompanied by a lovely soundtrack (you can also import your own music if you want to) then buy this game. Even on it's full price it's absolutely worth it. So get this game for yourself, sit back and have a great time."
,Recommended,270450,17467464,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ozzuneoj,"This is easily my favorite game of 2015. I bought it back in February after seeing the trailer and have been hooked on it ever since. I used to be heavily into FPS games since the late 90s but have in the last 5 years or so stopped playing M-rated or other gorey\violent games for personal reasons. I was never a tournament champ or anything, but I was decent enough after playing for so long, so it has been difficult to find other games to excersize my reaction time and twitch reflexes with a mouse and keyboard.Enter RRDD.What a game!Where do I start?Its accessible due to the huge number of game modes, surprisingly good Bot AI and basic rules, but it is also highly rewarding for those that stick with it and try to compete with the long time players.The community is helpful, full of good sports, and for the most part dedicated to the game. I don't have anywhere near as much time to dedicate to games as I used to (which is a good thing) but RRDD has gotten the lions share of my game time to help keep the servers active... and because its just so stinking entertaining!The graphics are simple compared to the latest realistic looking AAA games, but they're excellent for a game like this. I do find myself turning a couple settings off simply to get better visibility and less distraction, but the game still looks crisp, clean and attractive. Performance also scales really well. I much prefer gaming on my desktop but if I really want to I can play it acceptably on my laptop with integrated HD4000 graphics at 720P while maintaining a reasonably high frame rate with some settings reduced.There aren't a ton of different sound effects in this game, but the ones that are there are distinct and serve the purpose perfectly. Explosions are thoroughly satisfying, and the announcer is very well done, as you'd expect from the trailer. The music is a big highlight of the game and I will admit, I like the soundtrack and it still doesn't bug me after nearly 65 hours of gameplay. You can add your own music as well, if you convert it to OGG format.Single player modes and bot matches are extremely satisfying, but multiplayer is where the game truly shines. Thankfully, because of the developer's forethought, bot matches and multiplayer matches blend together in a way that keeps people playing on a server with bots long enough for other players to join. Most games struggle with the early days of developing a player base because everyone checks the server list, sees no one playing, and quits the game. With RRDD, if there aren't any servers currently, you can make a bot server rather than start an offline game, and often times you'll have another player join within minutes (replacing a bot), and you may have a full server within half an hour. Almost all game modes can be started as multiplayer servers, so it is recommended to always do this to help keep people playing multiplayer.The game's multiplayer is very smooth, though players with high ping (especially if they are server hosts) will almost always cause unpredictable behavior. With RRDD, it IS anoying when things change in front of you or you get messed up due to a difference in ball-physics calculations between clients... but it just kind of comes with the territory. Read the guides on the forums to get an understanding of how it works and why you'll often see minor glitches... but don't let it deter you. I'm usually pretty picky about things like this, but RRDD is so much fun that its totally worth having a few weird things happen in each game. When you think about the insane reaction times and how many interactions are happening per second, frankly it blows my mind that the game works as well as it does. We're not talking about clicking on someone and having them fall over from 100 yards away. We're dealing with physical objects flying through the air realistically and colliding with players, other balls, walls, etc.... and MAN does it all happen fast. If you think you're fast and you love twitchy games, you have to play RRDD. I think I finally found a game to make use of high-DPI gaming mice. I've never used such high DPI and sensitivity settings before this game, but I've found that it is highly beneficial if you plan on being able to track a ball flying over your head, click ON it to catch it (as its flying), and then chuck it accurately before the next one comes flying in.Additonal awesome things about the game:*Ever-evolving and well supported by a fantastic developer that is on the forums constantly and actually listens to and implements player suggestions.*Extensive leaderboards that make competition rewarding.*New game modes added since release, and they are fantastic!*Recent news of an upcoming update that will allow CUSTOM game modes. You set the scoring and team parameters, modifiers, etc. How many games do this these days?*Steam workshop support with lots of nifty things to try out.*Tons of bot customization options, and more to unlock as you play and collect items.*An active market to buy and sell (for real money) the items you collect... yeah, you wont want to quit your day job, but I actually sold a few things which paid for a cheap Steam Summer Sale purchase. First time I've ever played a fantastic game and made money to buy more games.*Incredible replay recording system that turns the last 4 seconds of gameplay into an animated gif... on the fly. If you see or do something incredible, you can hit one button and keep playing and you'll have a .gif saved to be able to relive it later. I do wish you could extend the time a bit longer for systems with enough CPU power to spare, but a lot can happen in 4 seconds of this game and I've got a folder full of .gifs to prove it.Just... play this game. Its not that expensive.... at least play the demo! There have been a ton of improvements since it was made, but it will give you an idea of how much awesome there is in store for you with RRDD.UPDATE: After 258 hours, its still just as much fun! And there are more players coming in all the time... this is one of the most underrated games on Steam! Play it!"
,Recommended,270450,17150112,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,CANdyman,Love the mechanics of the game.  Super fun and not too fast or slow paced.  More People need to start playing this game NOWWWWW!!!!
76561198117592732,Recommended,270450,10013510,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Helcorn,This game... so addicting. So many trickshots. So much fun
76561198017193350,Recommended,270450,11957508,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,7thson,This is a great game. Super fun and super easy to play. If you are looking for a game that you can quickly pick up and play without having to put a bunch of time into it than this is it.
,Recommended,270450,15998829,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Morbid,"A fun, colourful skill-based game with a decent soundtrack. This game should be more popular than it is, and unfortunately it can be hard to find a server, as there aren't many playing."
76561198000425606,Recommended,270450,14643532,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,3>,THiS GAME iS FOR THE REAL BURLY BOYS OUT THERE LOOKiN FOR SOME NEON ViBES AND JUDO CHOP ACTiON.
,Recommended,270450,18555458,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Pykii_,"Okay. First thing's first. I'm not going to say that this game is life-changing or breaks the boundaries between videogames and art, or that it is even an incredible game...but that's not a bad thing. Just because this game doesn't break any new ground or pose a philosophical question, doesn't make it a sh**ty game. Modern media has created this idea that for a game to be respected, it has to make people view the world in a new light. Well, guess what? This is Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball. It's a game about robots on roller skates, often with moustaches, zipping around a disco with flashing lights and electro music, throwing balls at eachother. It hasn't provoked any reaction in me to make me go; 'Dear God!!! My life has a new meaning!!!'. Instead, it made me say; 'Ohh I'm gonna kill this skate-riding robo-sunnuffab**ch' (this was actually a genuine reaction). I like this game. It's fun. It's quick. But the best part about this game's fun-ness, is the fact that it's stupid. Goat Simulator, is stupid. It's funny at first (the amount of time I found Goat Sim funny for can be measured in themtoseconds), but it's not fun. RR-DDD is impressive in the amount of pros it has, despite the strong overtones of stupidity. It's tight controls and fun visuals have given me some good times. It's a little pricey, and a price drop or a sale might be necessary before it's entirely worth investing your money in, but don't let the price stop you if you like an FPS which requires a decent level of tactical skill (I'm looking at you Call of Duty). If the price is too much for you personally, try it out with a friend who already owns it. It might not be your cup of tea. As I say, it requires some tactical practice which may not be something you want in your robot related disco-shooters. However, if you're not a fan of tactical strategy games and like some fast-paced fun, I recommend this game greatly, along with a few games like Awesomenauts (easier) or Ratz Instagib (much harder). In conclusion, I give this game an 8.5/10. It's cool, but is lacking in areas which I won't go into, because I really don't want to put you off. It's fun, and you should give it a go. Why the heck would you listen to me anyway? I'm a random dude off the internet.Finally, I don't think that this game is incredible or brilliant, but that's okay. You know why?Because it's a game about roller-skating robots in a f**king disco."
76561198013806823,Recommended,270450,20131986,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Prestige,"Pros+Easy to learn. Hard to master+Extremely vibrant and colorful+Great soundtrack+Casual when you want it to be, competitive when you want it to be as well+Low system requirements+Dev is still actively supporting the gameCons-There are no cons.Buy this game. Friends are not required but are definitely welcomed.GG - my favorite game off the winter 2015 sale."
76561198052089316,Recommended,270450,14718775,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DeepfriedPotato,Fun game with fast paced instagib combat. Music is nice and the developer will be adding the ability to add your own music. Only downside is that the colors and lights can get a tad rediculous other than that pretty fun game. 8/10
,Recommended,270450,10977327,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Octobre,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco dodgeball is one of few FPS games that I thoroughly enjoy. It's similar to Quake, but with neon lights, dodgeball, robots, dubstep, and a small fanbase that deserves more people. Despite being an early access game, the game feels complete and I reccomend it 110% if you're a fan of the sort of arena FPS in which you need to pick up projectiles. With ~an hour 15 minutes left in the sale, you should most definitely look in to this game."
,Recommended,270450,16436974,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,googleflef,The only way I could ever be good at dodgeball.Much better than the real thing.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,270450,11973462,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Squabbit,"Dodge, Duck, Dip, Dive, and Dodge! Also Robots and Rollerskates!This game is pure goofy, off the wall, arena shooter fun. Totally worth a buy!"
76561198102783075,Recommended,270450,28194170,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Alex,"good game, fun, fluid as hell and quick start-up/shut-down"
,Recommended,270450,16753956,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,InfantileCrocodile,"This game far surpassed any expectations I had upon purchasing it. When I buy a game, I always consider if I'm going to play the game enough to make it worth it. Traditionally, I say to myself that if I play the game enough that it comes out to about $1/hour, It's worth it. $1/hour is very cheap entertainment.That being said, I bought the 4-pack for this game while it was on sale, since some of my friends wanted it, as well.  It is well worth the money. Even at it's current price of 15 bucks, it will easily entertain you far beyond its cost value. Next time it goes on sale, I'll be buying more copies and passing them out to all my Steam friends and maybe even using it to lure some more friends to the Dork Side."
,Recommended,270450,29188861,Posted: 11 January,all,Snow,"Love this game, worth every penny. I bought 12 copys for my friends and we all spent a night playing dodgeball. Music and flashy gameplay may cause negative side effects medicaly but the solid ball whipping action was a blast with friends.The bots were challeging so even without them or in random servers it was fun.More epic when i got my hockey mask and wizard hat"
12121231312233111,Recommended,270450,28216349,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Warrior,Quite possibly the greatest game ever made.
,Recommended,270450,29654673,Posted: 2 February,all,Fat Gandalf,"this game is so much fun, its crazy how the creators were able to create something to advanced with such a simple conecpt. a leveling system, items, trick shots, gamemodes, maps. and as far as I know the game functions so easily it actually is balanced in high ping vs low ping players. You can add your own music to play some dodgebll to. you can call in an airstrike apparently if you get a kill on somebody below you. check out my youtbue channel where i'll be posting a gameplay video of this game to show you how intense and fun this game can actually be.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgXLHuoPoL2RoYObJlzrHUw"
,Recommended,270450,33232145,Posted: 4 July,all,Retrogue,"Is decent game, but the community consists of like 2 people. Props to the developers for still working on it to this day."
,Recommended,270450,20098406,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Masterfireheart,"This game may seem cheesy, but HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS FUN!!!I never understood why so many people obsessed over games like CS:GO and played them to the point of ecstacy.This game is my CS:GO."
76561198147522074,Recommended,270450,33151349,Posted: 2 July,all,Jerri Bear,"The name is the only reason needed to buy this game, the soundtrack is amazing, the round customization promises hours of entertainment, the only problem is that there's not a lot of people player so you'll find yourself facing against bots more than actual people."
,Recommended,270450,17685164,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Plain Old Cookies,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a fast paced instagib first person shooter, filled to the brim with flashy lights, disco awesomeness, robots on rollers playing dodgeball. That wasn't enough to make you buy this game?PROSMechanics are really simple. Move over or click dodgeballs to pick them up.  Press shift to go faster. Press space to jump.Click to throw dodgeballs. Hold down to throw further and faster.  Click incoming dodgeballs to catch them. That is literally it. Easy to learn.Fast paced first person shooting. There is almost always a engagement around the corner to get stuck into.Rewarding first person shooting. You'll feel awesome after landing a 360 noscope while flying through the air while on a 12 killstreak.Friendly community. There will be that guy though.Hard to get angry over. As a angry person, the frags are fast enough to not get mad over, unless it's a BS wall reflect, no one likes those :PGood gamemodes. From the standard Capture the Cube and Team Deathmatch modes, there is also the Superball andeven a Basketball mode.Good Bots to play against.A wide amount of powerups!FREAKING DISCO DODGEBALLING ROLLING ROBOTS.Cons.Small userbase. This is the biggest killer- a multiplayer game with no people to play it is not a multiplayer game. Do your part and help fill up the community.Not many maps. This will be adressed soon, with a custom map editor, but I tend to stick to 3 or 4 maps. Plus, there are only 9 or so maps.Some internet issues, nothing major.RATING.9/10Solely held back by it's lack of a community, despite the fact it's better than 9/10 other modern shooters which claim to be next gen."
,Recommended,270450,10780203,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Engie3245,"If you don't have a glowstick, go get one, come back, get this game, and let the rave consume you. This game is an amazing multiplayer experience that should NOT be overlooked. The soundtrack itself is remarkable."
76561198084000622,Recommended,270450,30514294,Posted: 14 March,all,TOM-tastic,"Great game to be played with friends. Addicting soundtrack, fun and unique maps, and it's fun to play even if you're not good yet. And it's 10 bucks and goes on sale often. I bought a four pack for me and my friends and we love it."
,Recommended,270450,30680705,Posted: 22 March,all,Minatotoro,A lot of fun.
76561197996718781,Recommended,270450,28339157,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Majin Buu,"I want YOU to play this game!Super addicting fast paced fun multiplayer game but for some reason NO ONE IS PLAYING IT. Rocket League players, I can almost guarantee you will like this game. Not as deep as RL but you still can sink many hours into this.There are an impressive array of game modes and maps. You can tell the Devs want to think outside tthe box of normal ""Deathmath/Teams/CTF"" game modes. I find myself playing a lot of different modes regularly, unlike in other games where I usually just find 1 or 2 favorite game types and stick to them.The EDM/Tron aesthetic is  very in-your-face, I personally found it to be cool, but if that turns you off, be warned its pretty intense. The only issue is that there needs to be more songs in rotation. I think if more people played the game they may update the music more regularly."
76561198152612867,Recommended,270450,18450425,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,emilie,"This game is awesome fun.   A very different FPS game, but very well made.  You shoot dodgeballs at your opponents.  Lots of modes to play too!   You can start your own server and play with bots until people show up.   But the bots are fun too.  Or you can also play single player - which is good practice.   The announcer is wicked great.   I am not very good at this game because I am so used to the movement in other FPS games (ie QuakeLive), but I can still get my frags.   The disco maps are hilarious.  The only thing I do not understand is the 'shield' (spawn protection) when opponents first regenerate.   I wish there was a way to tell when they are protected from being fragged.   So many times I fired a dodgeball at an opponent - only to see on my screen that they were spawn protected.  I THINK it is for 3 seconds, but there is no way to tell - as far as I know.  But this game is very fun (and very different FPS)."
,Recommended,270450,34776561,Posted: 6 September,all,High Alch Profit Calc,"A fun party game for everyone, doesnt matter if you have less than average reflexes or mediocre aim, everyone can have fun in this game.I love this game, not just for the music but for the engaging multiplayer but how its a FUN engaging multiplayer, its hectic, crazy and absolutely insane and I love it.Cosmetics are optional and completely obtainable through natural gameplay which is amazing for the decicated players whilst casual players will recieve cosmetics also, a nice touch honestly.Lots of different gamemodes with different playstyles to play with your friends, or a solo campaign type game mode which makes the game endlessly replayable and one of the best games I have.Well played devs :)"
,Recommended,270450,34768972,Posted: 5 September,all,Ice King,"Cool game, jumping is a little bit hard but overall it's fun, music is dope.ButIt can make you dizzy because of the lights"
,Recommended,270450,29534421,Posted: 27 January,all,Solar,"This game is very fun. It's pretty simple and easy to learn but it takes alot of practice to get really good. I also like that it has splitscreen, which not alot of games have these days, so it's a good game to play with friends. The only negative I can think of is the name is too long and hard to say.I highly recommend getting this game if you have friends to play it with, especially when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,270450,11624943,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,:),"This game is one of the most fun games that I have come across recently, and has the most acurate name of any game I have played.  You are playing dodgeball as a robal on wheels in a tron-like arena.  Top that off killer soundtrack that rivals daft punks Tron Legacy and you are looking at what I would say is one of the best games to sit back and have a blast with."
,Recommended,270450,28959236,Posted: 2 January,all,Flittermouse,"absolutely ridiculous, but in a good way."
,Recommended,270450,28961785,Posted: 2 January,all,PolyHydra,"If you're looking for a new game that you and your friends want to play in your downtime, look no further than this."
,Recommended,270450,10603258,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GeoPin,"This game is a must own, it runs on Unreal technology has smoothe game play and major replay for any DeathMatch Fanatic as myself. it is very fast paced with a variety of game modes. Do not let the cool name fool you, into thinking it is a one dimensional game either. look at my hours in it already, it speaks volumes on the fun this game offers. Put on some of your fave music in winamp or itunes and get down with Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball!"
76561198145804798,Recommended,270450,14863348,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,The Artist Formerly Known As CB,"A solid game that goes above and beyond any reasonable expectation with solid singleplayer, Multiplayer only regrettable with a bad connection as any other game. It has a beautiful neon artstyle, customizable characters, and a great soundtrack to boot. The only thing that should stop you from buying this is if you're out of steam moneys."
76561198046497430,Recommended,270450,14788845,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Billaowski,"A unique take on arena shooters RRDDD is a game that adds a momentum mechanic where once you buld up speed you need to slow down, turn at an angle or brake to halt yourself completely, which means you are more likely to be punished by positional errors.  The game aesthetically has a lot going on as you can imagine but it also offers a quite in depth option menu despite coming out of early acces only recently of this post so you can tune the visuals as you see fit.The dodgeballs are one hit kill but can be caught(which can be quite difficult) and you have the option of whether you want to play with power-ups or not, which can vary from uncatchable balls to increasing the hitbox size. The game offers  unique game modes along side those you typically find, these include hoops where a basketball element is thrown in, grand prix which adds a racing element and high score; where your score when eleminating someone is dictated by how stylish your shot was.Pros-Great LAN game, can always pick it up and have a fun hour or two with friends-Diverse game modes-Suprisingly expansive options menu-Can import your own music and have the lights/lasers adapt to it!-New mechanical elements-Doesn't take up much hard drive spaceCons- Some of the settings may cause certain people headaches- Mostly multi-player centric (Has single player but it's strengths lie in multiplayer)"
76561198055212986,Recommended,270450,20182512,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DJ_Androm3da™,"Imagine if Quake had all the guns replaced by dodgeballs, was set in the world of Tron, and had a killer EDM soundtrack. You just imagined Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball. If that doesn't make you buy this game nothing will."
,Recommended,270450,22637664,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Horse,"Pretty good, I hated it at first because it kept crashing, but then I figured it out. I like it"
,Recommended,270450,22032655,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,canadιan мooѕe,"This game itself is amazing. This was highly unexpected-it's a good game. When I first bought this, I expected little to nothing of this game. After playing the simple and short tutorial and then playing my first few bot matches, I got hooked.-The game has an AMAZING soundtrack, but it can get repetitive at times.-Very colorful, I like that-Fun gameplay, nice and smooth-Easy controls-Single player and online are two good options to play at-Bad spawns (you can get killed almost right off the bat)Overall, this game is worth to at least try out. I can imagine future updates that highly improve this game and unleash it's awesome potential. Get it while it's on sale. I would rate this game 8/10.PS. I HATE the Jetpacks. >.>"
,Recommended,270450,15800652,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Pimuli,Realy fun and beutiful game
76561198168198584,Recommended,270450,33781103,Posted: 25 July,all,Iceys,great fun addictive gameonly thing is.....the servers are empty
,Recommended,270450,31827147,Posted: 18 May,all,Spoon,"This is a really awesome game! Great soundtrack, fun and very addictive. Can't fault it."
,Recommended,270450,12869806,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Bagel Mode,The dev gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about player feedback.One man > Nubisoft
,Recommended,270450,14554236,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,huanjia,Everyone should own this.  Valve should include this with all Steam accounts.
,Recommended,270450,32743395,Posted: 24 June,all,иoclip,rocket league on steroids
76561198078472713,Recommended,270450,23126284,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,mcocd,"Praise lord Gaben as he has let this game on steam.This game is just MMM, its just MMM, MMM I say MMM!Just to give you a taste of this game I'll list some pros.Pros:Great soundtrackGreat modelsSmooth even on old ComputersVery ColorfulGreat time wasterFast pacedTONS of customizationPlenty of modesTons of achievements for a simple game!Multiplayer AND singleplayer (Both have team modes)of course there are still cons, It's not a game if its perfect.If there was something as a perfect video game I'd probably say it was a dream.Cons:Hard at firstNot able to stop instantly (Well... You are a robot)Can be TOO colorful. (Don't play if you have epilepsy)It's really sensitive and you might say thats good but even at 20 sensitiveity it is STILL senitive.Some pretty good players and a little hard for starters.Not big communityHard to get exactly what you want on multiplayer without making a serverYou should definitely get this game! For all the content it has it is an EXTREMELY good deal, and it has both singleplayer and multiplayer capabilities. This game also has a level up system but you can level up in both singleplayer and multiplayer. Beware though if you get too good at this game you will be called a hacker (Like me) Byt I dont beleive anyone has been banned from this game. But I honestly do beleive you should get this game. You will get TONS of time out of it. and I'm STILL gonna play it even after 5.9 hours. Thats just this week! This game is very addicting and I belive you should get this game."
,Recommended,270450,14552672,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,eluc,"There's a damn good reason why this is (currently) the highest rated multiplayer game on steam - It's a ton of fun!At the £10/$15 it's well worth the money and there's a surprising amount of depth to it with all the different gamemodes/customisation available. The soundtrack is amazing, the aesthetic works really well (not distracting at all) and the netcode works pretty much flawlessly. Oh and you can also give your robot a custom mustache, so what's not to love?"
76561198133036767,Recommended,270450,14967224,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hen,One of the most entertaining games I've ever played.Props to my boy Eric for such a creative idea.
,Recommended,270450,10026638,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,⎝Firestorm⎠,"this game is the most smoothest running games i have ever seen on a dual core laptop. this game can run around 50-100 fps easily, i would recommend this to all my friends and it is the most fun i have had in ages.love it. recommend it. buy it.MWB"
,Recommended,270450,14598138,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Halo,Crazy First person DODGEBALL!!!
,Recommended,270450,14571089,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Kaelei,Very addicting and entertaining game!!
,Recommended,270450,16438098,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,☼Newman☼,The soundtrack and visuals are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. You're robots who play dodgeball. Buy this game it is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,270450,14591769,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,k.,Quite hard for me to start with when i get more experience i think it will be a very fun game. At some points there may be some frustration but the outcome is it all blowsover and its overall fun.
,Recommended,270450,16459113,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Laminator,greatest game evor
,Recommended,270450,16774332,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Flaireon,"This is the most simple game i've ever played in my entire life and it is probably the best game i've ever played in my entire life. You can take this game in two different ways, competetive or fun. But what some People miss is the maps can get pretty repetetive.HEY LET'S BE HONEST some of the maps are barely different than others. Im not complaining. im just trying to point out something. Still this game is a MUST BUY. It's kinda expensive for a game like this but trust me you'll like it."
76561198080868587,Recommended,270450,18214622,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,HoboDreamer,The graphics need to be changed back it looks to washed out but still it was a great game when the graphics were normal.
,Recommended,270450,13676024,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mimic Beacon Decoy,"A very good game where in you throw dodgeballs, as a robot without arms, around great looking levels with great music with really cool game modes. Theres challenges and single player modes now too.the best game where you throw dodgeballs as a robot w a kickin mustache."
,Recommended,270450,13989019,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Rumpus Sibumpus,"Easily one of the best games that you can casually play. From the cover of this game, the name sounds a little wonky, the music only sounded good in the trailer, and it looked a little amusing. Little did I know that this $10.00 game was one of the best casual FPS games that I've ever bought. If you were ever the kid who really liked dodgeball in gym class, this is the game for you. I can't tell you that I've never felt so badass as I have playing this game (well, I can, but when you hear ""MID-AIR CATCH"" announced by the movie trailer guy, you get excited. And this happens ALOT, adding up to the most badass experience). This game deserves the good rating it has, and if the game doesn't make you want to buy this, the soundtrack will. Probably, next to VVVVVV and Hotline Miami, has one of the best soundtracks out there. The music really sets the tune in the game, and plays a huge factor in how easy it is to get lost in this game. If you have 10 dollars that you can spend, I'd highly reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,270450,23370951,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kenny Denderson,"Fun game if you're into some basic area shooter arena style games.  Servers are kind of dead though so unless you have friends with the game, you'll be playing against bots though.If it goes on sale and you get some friends to buy it with you it can be super fun."
,Recommended,270450,16332649,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cwre,"Everything I wanted from Insta-gib and more. High AF Skill Cap, and the soundtrack is fantastic. 10/10, active development post release."
,Recommended,270450,14654625,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Xazyre,"This game has to be one of my best purchases. There is so much to do in this game with the multiple singleplayer and multiplayer gamemodes that you will never got bored. Every time I left the game I was itching to get back to it. The satisfaction of landing a trick shot on the oponnent just before they explode is such an amazing feeling.If you're on the edge about getting this game, get it. You will get so many hours out of it.You're welcome in advance.10/10EDIT:I have to review this game again because since the last review i hadnt truly appreciated the game. I have played this game longer than any other game that i have. This is due to the fact that I can jump into this game without the feeling of having to commit and entire  hour to it. Its quick, fast-paced, and addicting and will keep you occupied for a while. A fantastic game to blow off steam and play with your friends.As i said before you will not regret this purchase. This game is a steal for the price aa it is now. I spent $!5 when i bought it and i havent turned back."
,Recommended,270450,14580547,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,-juju-,"Buy this. It will make you happy. You'll be skating around a roller rave arena as a robot with no arms that throws disco balls at other robots with no arms,  that may or may not catch your ball. It plays like an FPS on wheels. The physics are good, the music is awesome, esp Isometric by Kraedt and a song called Touch My Spleen just because it's called Touch My Spleen.  There are several modes to play, including Hoops, which is short for Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball Basketball. There's also a Grand Prix mode that's super fun, and the traditional DM, Elimination, capture the cube (aka flag). Buy this. It will make you happy."
,Recommended,270450,14243335,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Scorpionock,"INSANELY FUN!!!!!The music is one of my favorite parts, I'll leave it running in the background so I can just listen to the music while I do other things!10/10"
,Recommended,270450,14672750,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Swiss,"I don't usually do reviews...But when I do, I recommend mother f---ing Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball.10/10 Now stop reading this and go buy it already so you can go SMASH SOME ROBOT FACES!!!"
,Recommended,270450,19539152,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,thedubmark,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is one of the best games I have ever played that is not a Valve Inc. game.Why should you get this game?It is widely unknown, which always angers me. It is a skill based dodgeball tournament style game which relies on physics and control to win. There are so many options for single player that is amazes me. You can mess around with physics and many other features. The difficulty of the bots is very balanced and it is easy to progress skill to a peak.I can go on for hours about this game, but I would rather be playing it for hours. The music selection is awesome. I recommend downloading the soundtrack. You can also play the game by uploading your own music to listen to as you venture the neon maps.As I was saying before, there are so many options in this game as well as types of objectives. Think of 5th grade gym class. Then imagine each kid being a neon robot on a wheel. Then imagine this game of dodgeball is in a black room with lights and music as if you were in an amazing adults only disco club. That sums up the gameplay portion pretty well.There are many options for lag. This game works well in a window and is easy to make adjust to your needs. Overall, definately get this game on sale. Even then, you should just get this game whenever. $10.00 or less is an excellent price because you will get a bang for your buck. It is one of those games you can play for a long time without getting bored because of all the options you could change as the player.The only disadvantage is that is not being updated so often and community maps should also be an option. It also is a very small community so online mode is sort of annoying to have to wait so long. I love the attacks, achievements, and everything else. This is my example of a 10/10 game.~thedubmark"
,Recommended,270450,16435628,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Milk Steak,"Amazingly fun game. Very interesting take on a ""shooter"". The atmosphere and music fit the game very well.Worth buying if you ask me."
,Recommended,270450,12078053,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Bagfort_,Easily one of the best first-person games. I would say it is right up there with Assassin's Creed and Elder Scrolls in terms of level design and gameplay as well. Highly reccomended. Amazingly excellent experience.
,Recommended,270450,9716449,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,AceMann ☆,its so much fun even more with friends and totally worth the cost i can promise you all that
76561198048564223,Recommended,270450,11445478,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Zathri,"Gota love it, its been a long time since I had the satisfaction of UT style anouncments of ""Multi Kill!"" and ""Godlike!"". Not to mention a soundtrack that keeps you in the mood for some rampaging dodgball madness!"
76561198010858187,Recommended,270450,9981237,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Japajoy,Robot dodgeball
,Recommended,270450,10037709,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Cipherpasta,"Seeing this game grow is amazing.  The game is also amazing. And the soundtrack, the moustaches, level design, glowing lights, the announcer (his laugh is also amazing!), the soundtrack, gamemodes and generally. A really fun and interesting game. I would recommend buying it. Huge thumb up. Did I mention the soundtrack is amazing?"
,Recommended,270450,27974704,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Piedrus,"SummaryThis game is amazing fun with friends for its simplicity! Easy to learn, hard to master. Definitely worth a try at least, consider the pros and cons yourself:ProsFun to play with friendsTrick shotsDisco vibeAmazing developerDodgeball! Without actually a ball hitting your face!Robots!ConsSmall playerbasePro players who KO you in ways you never thought possibleUrge to buy non-essential workshop items for the looksStill reading on? Let's look at the components individually then, starting with my most valued three: gameplay, storyline and replayability.GameplayEasy to grasp, hard to master. I play this game to relax for a short while, which is marvelously accommodated by the game's mechanics. There are no extensive skill trees. Skill is something you gain through practice. At first you cannot hit a thing. After a while though you will be able to pull off trick shots. Then comes the art of catching. Only to be crushed by meeting a player who already perfected those skills... So you have to practice more and become pro yourself!Personally, I did not reach the pro stage yet, but I do love coming back and practicing. ^^StorylineThe game does not contain a storyline, period.Except perhaps for the one offered in arcade mode. Nevertheless, you are sure to gather some memorable moments: The first time you pulled off that elusive trick shot, that on-fire super streak, obliterating the other team in elimination mode and so on.Why do I not mind the lack of a storyline? Because I simply like to play a little, which might actually be hindered by an in-depth plot.ReplayabilityI want the feeling that I spent my money wisely when purchasing a game. A game can be worth its money if you play it a lot, either by coming back to it several times, or playing it for one longer period of time. For RRDDD, it is a bit of a mix, coming back frequently (daily) for a short time (~10 min).Let's make a quick calculation:Purchase €5,-Hours played: 171Cost / hour: €5,- / 171 ≈ €0,03Honestly, there are not many games that make that rate. Not to mention you can actually earn back a little through collecting, crafting and trading. I may rest easily at night again, knowing I did not waste my money on this one.VisualsFlashy! No literally, it is flashing. The lights are synchronous to the music playing currently (covered next). I cannot stress enough how all aspects come together and fit the style of this game perfectly. The vivid colours are just one example.Of course, do avoid if you're light-sensitive, but there is an option to switch this off.Sure, the visuals do not consist of graphically astounding realistic scenes, but would you go to a blacklight party to see amazing environmental scenes?MusicThe music is another fine example conveying the disco vibe. The best part is that the lights synchronize with the music playing. You don't like the original tracks included with the game? Just play your own music then! What more could you wish for when it comes to music in a game?As a matter of fact, when it comes to the OST, it is a habit of mine to include it with any purchase. Contrary to other OST, I actually played these tracks once to get into the feeling this game offers. Certainly a plus for the music.DevelopmentThis review would be incomplete without a section praising the (one-man army) development team that is Erik Asmussen. The developer is really involved with the community and his passion for the game does not leave you cold. Thanks again for all your efforts Erik, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,270450,13951397,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,KND | PapaCam,Best game ever. So much fun. I have it on in the background sometimes just for the music.
,Recommended,270450,28547788,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,asslee,Fun. Even better friends :D
,Recommended,270450,28013828,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IronH3avenZ,"This is just epic.Firstly: the neon-styled graphics don't tire your eyes at all, I've played for hours with no problem.It's dodgeball but without pesky limits, with balls everwhere and optional teammates (you can play alone against a whole squad), the AI is actually pretty good without being overpowered and online play is actually possible despite lag (there's a little lag but it's still playable to a point you can score with no problem and catch balls in the air most of the time).The arcade mode is just amazing, you got bosses with different abilities that need a different strategy to beat and the abilities you are able to unlock are actually not only useful but creative.It's every dodgeball lover's dream and also a great game for those who like reflex based games.Also: I've found some players, comunity's not dead, just depends on which day and time you log in, not worth waiting for more than 7 minutes on a player empty match, play offline and try again later."
76561198054177659,Recommended,270450,16070806,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Toast,"Very fun to play with friends, but sadly not very many people play online. Thankfully, the arcade mode can be very fun whilst still being offline. Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball deserves more attention than it has."
76561198104649632,Recommended,270450,11440914,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ross,Solid and fun game. But nobody plays it and it's too expensive for what it is.
,Recommended,270450,18224354,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,|Commander_Sam|,This game is AWESOME! Me and my friends were getting tired of Minecraft...CS:GO and many other games. But we found it. A game that will not me boring! :D
,Recommended,270450,13462487,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,sassy,Great soundrtack ... Love the gameplay. Fast paced first person shooter with colorful visuals. I would recommend ths game to anyone who likes/loves fun fast paces fps games wth a great soundtrack.
76561198049508844,Recommended,270450,15108377,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gault Seven,"Literally one of the simplest, yet most satisfying, FPS games out there. You definitely need quick reflexes and good instincts. It takes a few games to pick up all of the mechanics and use them correctly and efficiently, but once you do, you'll be racking up multi-kill streaks in no time. Oh, and bring your friends. There's nothing quite as satisfying as nailing one of your buddies from halfway across the map from mid-air and hearing them scream obscenities.Seriously, buy it. Buy the four-pack for your friends. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,270450,14579190,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Thedog487,I became the greatest at 360's.I'm now in faze.
,Recommended,270450,20490208,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TTFFFTW,The music alone is worth the price.
76561198053675790,Recommended,270450,20451882,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Quados,"Read through the reviews, and sold some Steam items to get the game; because it looked cool and i needed another game to keep me from dying of bordom.. It was worth it and bloody amazing, nice look to it and it doesn't strain my eyes which i was worrying about, but nah, it's fantastic, definitely worth the money. Also the music, it tells you what the songs are and I dig all the music.10/10"
,Recommended,270450,14412796,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,iKhoN,I didn't think I could have this much fun with such a simple game. :O
76561198033191167,Recommended,270450,16749980,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Bangboomjoe,Looked like a fun game...bought a 4 packsend it to friendstought it would be maybe somewhat entertainingplayed it for 5 hours straightarcade feeling like in my first lans in the 90shitting enemys or hoops feels really rewardingnice learning curvebanging soundtrack that fits the gameall in all better multiplayer than call of dutya must have
,Recommended,270450,16770324,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Classiic,"Makes me feel like a dumb 10 year old, but its fun with friends"
,Recommended,270450,9709647,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,M-107 Barret,"Rave music, neon lights , colorful exploding robots with facial hair , what more could you want?"
,Recommended,270450,17051404,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tek,"It's JUST a bare bones UT-clone, babby's first vidyagame. Still, it's more fun than it has any right to be. It's like disco. And dodgeball. The future is today!"
76561198151954657,Recommended,270450,14831985,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,LOCAL MAN RUINS EVERYTHING,OH YEAH THIS IS KOOL
,Recommended,270450,13922835,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Moist Plinth,"Fun, easy to play. One click and you're right into the game. Very fast paced and addictive!"
,Recommended,270450,17696087,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Negation,"This game is just brilliant fun and does not get the attention it deserves.The multiplayer isn't quite packing which is the issue... add to it. You won't regret the purchase, sonny."
,Recommended,270450,23488481,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,allJellyNOtoast,hahahh this game is a breath of fresh air
76561198172469138,Recommended,270450,22364498,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hangarback Flier,"Fun little game for playing when you don't really feel like playing anything else. There are some glitches, but none so significant that they make you not want to play. The only thing I don't like about RRDDD is that the singeplayer is deceptive--I can never get past the first two levels."
76561198036061475,Recommended,270450,28227888,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jaroch1,Good game
76561197961833896,Recommended,270450,28227911,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,77!M,"Simple, tense, fun, varied and all with pounding beat.  Most fun played online. Its a bit like RocketLeage but you lob balls at other players and they explode.  Lots of different game modes."
,Recommended,270450,28784691,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RicaShake,Really good o
,Recommended,270450,28570277,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[ 1CENUKE ],"THIS GAME IS SO AMAZING...The only problems with this game i could find were:Online multiplayer doesen't have as much players sometimesCustom music is glitchy for me, as it wont play it after some time, and the only way to fix this is to re-do the custom music input part (but this makes my game lag... ALOT) or just exit and open the game againOh yeah, and i was surprised at how fun playing with bots wasAnyway, the problems above dont make a HUGE impact on the game for me, but i would appreciate it if you could tell me how to fix the custom music bug (ive tried using both .ogg and .wav)I would give this game a 9.5"
76561198097966148,Recommended,270450,29103187,Posted: 7 January,all,",@Y","This game is so funky!!! If only the lag compensation worked better, and the soundtrack wasn't so terrible. Thankfully I have a bunch of sweet disco tunes to jam out to. Super funky."
,Recommended,270450,28283565,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,blakedick,so much freaking fun. get this game and play with your friends. you wont regret it. plays like an fps
,Recommended,270450,27054987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bird Of War,This game is 2 groovy!
,Recommended,270450,29591417,Posted: 30 January,all,Mason Nightmare 👻,"Possibly the best game themed around Robots playing dodgeball in existence, the minor seizures from the flashing lights and blaring music do very little to take away from the experience, and homing shots are only the most frustrating thing to exist since the creation of the universe as a whole. Good game, would recommend if you feel like throwing glowing neon balls around."
,Recommended,270450,27739693,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JayBiggs,Cricochet!Fun little game. HINT: You can turn off the strobing lights everywhere.
,Recommended,270450,27556387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MeenMunky,Best Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball game on Steam.
,Recommended,270450,10782749,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FastCrab,"exactly as the trailer looks, and exactly as fun as i hoped it would be"
76561198061015081,Recommended,270450,10956542,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,big papi,Easily one of the most fun games ive played on my computer.
,Recommended,270450,10884714,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hahnsternator,"Really fun game, Never thought that playing dodgeball at a rave would be so exciting! A lot of fun wether you play with your friends, or by yourself, you can have private servers, or public ones, to make new friends!"
,Recommended,270450,11071522,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,^6 xWUMBOx,"Great Fun game, good with friends or solo play it really doesnt matter so fun and u know u cant DODGE THAT! Ridonkulous!"
,Recommended,270450,15017105,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,[STO]Teddy BROsevelt,I absolutly love this game.  I just wish there were more people playing it.  I also wish there were west coast servers.  Always having a 120 ping in a game where 90% of everyone else is under 60 kinda stinks.The game itself is just pure fun.  I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,270450,14062338,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dastardly Red Panda,BUY THIS GAMEI really don't know what else to say. This is one of the most fun games I have ever played in my entire life.Its a First Person Multiplayer Robot Dodgeball with sick beats. Its non-stop fun and will have you grinning from ear to ear the whole time.
,Recommended,270450,14230241,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Denz,"Bought this game after reading a few reviews on it, it's awesome.Simple game, easy to run and fun to enjoy multiplayer. It has a good atmopshere and a brilliant use of the lighting and music.The game is early in development however it's very very playable. Sometimes the multiplayer latency can result in some odd kills and some weird deaths but i can forgive that easily as i know it's part and parcel of every multiplayer game.The developer(s) seem keen on improving things with every update and i have high hopes for where this game might end up/10/1011/10 with rice"
,Recommended,270450,14394610,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Twinleaf,"This is an amazingly underrated game. Yes the game is simple, but it is amazingly well put together, and it isn't even out of beta yet! I hope this game just gets better and better, because it has most definitely made my favorites list."
76561198045516892,Recommended,270450,14446974,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,GrammerChamp,Well worth the money. If you're an FPS fan then you need to be playing this game. Multi-player is a riot. Great job!
,Recommended,270450,10645343,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,imikezero,Great fun. Very simple game of playing dodgeball but the music is really what makes this game shine. The way that the levels are in sync with the music is fantastic. I can't recommend this game enough!
76561198112376103,Recommended,270450,10683215,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Peter,"One of the most addictive games i have ever played. Two good friends of mine recommended this game to me and let me tell you, if you like Disco music and dodgeball this game is for you."
76561198071891990,Recommended,270450,10735940,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,☃Mekat Norray☃,This game is great! Super fun! I got a new computer and I am having no problems anymore. I recommend this game. It is a fun game to play in the car to past time.
,Recommended,270450,11513667,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kosuuu,Ok... PLAY THIS... BEST GAME BEST GAME 10/10- Jan Tran 2019
,Recommended,270450,12522674,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Lacent,"I bought this game in support of games that are compatible with Linux. That being said, I didn't buy it on a whim. It seemed like a fun arena type game to kill some time with. Which it is. RR-DDD is a very simple but easy to pick up game that will have you hooked for quite a while.There are different modes with team based play, and FFA options so the variety that is available makes things interesting. The core mechanics are nice too. If you've ever played dodgeball in real life, it's the same thing. There are also various power-ups to get, which change your strategy slightly. The bots in a match can be challenging, which is nice.As for a couple of downsides: This game seems to be from a very small operation development-wise. So updates may come a bit slower than other games. Also, sometimes the ball doesn't register as a hit when you clearly see it bounce off the opponent on your screen. Lastly, servers are hosted by players on their local machine. This means that since there aren't a ton of people playing, there aren't many servers to play on. When there are, the quality of the connection varies based on the host's connection speed.All in all a great game. I would definitely recommend buying it if it goes on sale for any amount."
76561198083251896,Recommended,270450,13857420,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LordPancake,"You're probably wondering ""What in the WORLD is Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball"", right? The simple answer is a game you'll love.Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball (RRDDD or just Disco Dodgeball) is a fast-paced high-flying game where the simple objective is to take a dodgeball and SLAM it into your oponent's face. Don't be fooled though, RRDDD isn't a game that you can jump into and instantly be bestowed the title ""President of the Galaxy"", it takes practice and time to improve your disco dodging skills. The AI can be adjusted to suit your experience making the game fun to play for players of all skill levels.Disco Dodgeball includes assorted gamemodes so gameplay never becomes stale and a few challenge modes for you to test your skills. What kind of game would this be if you weren't able to dominate your friends in multiplayer? Bots, despite their very human-like appearance, can sometimes be tiring, so just find a match on multiplayer jump right in!Amazing graphics, spectacular music, caring developer, Disco Dodgeball is a must and deffinitely worth your time"
76561198120301558,Recommended,270450,16449442,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Garfie © (ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧,Got a 4-pack and ready to hit my friends in the face. 10/10
76561198003349747,Recommended,270450,27324303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkMessiahAngelEyes,"This game is totaly worth the 10$ i spent on it, flashy colors & fast paced action!One great game!"
,Recommended,270450,28400688,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Cyggies,More fun than Battlefield 1
,Recommended,270450,28499914,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gamingtrevor,"Full review can be seen here -https://www.youtube.com/embed/kjtVfcPzgg8THE GOOD*Non-stop first person dodgeball throwing that feels as intense as COD.*A beautiful blend of strategy and chance.*Pulling off trick shots is very rewarding.THE BAD*The controls require a real time investment in order to get used to them.*Lack of polish in visuals and spectator mode.*Cosmetic items are hidden behind a paywall.Score: 8.5Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball may seem like a shovelware experience from the outside, but when you put yourself on the droid’s wheel, you’ll find a high-octane and competitive twitch-based shooter that’s guaranteed to shake the most hardcore of gamers. While there are problems in the experience, they’re ones you can expect from a low-budget game. Like Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars before Rocket League, I believe Disco Dodgeball is one of those fantastic ideas that just needs a little more polish.Anyone who enjoys first person shooters should honestly consider. Sadly, there’s not a huge fan base with this game, but the ones that are there are friendly and supportive, and there’s a nice catalogue of guides to help you learn the ropes. It’s non-stop frantic fun that gets more rewarding as you become a stronger droid, and nothing tops the excitement of catching a dodgeball mid-air and taking out an opponent with that same ball. While it may not be ready for primetime, this feel like an exceptional pre-cursor to what could be the next major E-Sport."
76561198111387721,Recommended,270450,28296013,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,I'm A Rockstar,This♥♥♥♥♥♥fun as ♥♥♥♥ with 10 friends playing
,Recommended,270450,30623378,Posted: 19 March,all,Amanster23,"Way more fun with friends, but you can still have fun without any. Suggest getting the game on a sale"
,Recommended,270450,16462561,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,davidn,"Arena shooter parody. Dodgeball on crack. Whatever you want to call it it's incredibly fun.“Remember the 5 D’s of dodgeball: Dodge, duck, dip, dive and dodge.”"
,Recommended,270450,16936552,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Big Papi,"When you get past all of the chatter about the potential of this game looking better on a PC, and all of the yip-yap about Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball being ""just another"" first person shooter, and all of the lip-flapping about this game not being able to compete with the very best games on PS2 or GameCube and you actually sit down and play the game on your Xbox...you're in for one hell of a game.The only thing people need to be concerned about when it comes to this game is how soon they're going to get it and where they're going to find the time to play. With a story good enough for a full length novel, audio and visual elements as detailed as any you've ever seen and excellent pacing, This game is the reason for Xbox and vice versa. Bungie has brought to the Xbox the game that will prove hundreds of thousands of naysayers wrong (about the system and thegame) and bring sweet relief and joy to those who've been biting their nails and pacing in circles waiting for Microsoft's machine to arrive. Hype is one thing; reality is another; Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball on Xbox is one of the best things to happen in videogames.Features:Situational First and Third Person perspectives.Role-based, cooperative multiplayer team gamePlay story mode as a single player or cooperatively with another player.Choose from a variety of conventional human and powerful alien weaponryVehicles include marine jeeps and tanks to alien flyers and hovercrafts.Squad based combat.Enjoy the action with 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround Sound and Widescreen playback features.The StoryRobot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball takes place in the far future where mankind is locked into a brutal war against a race of aliens known as the Covenant. These dudes are seriously evil. They wipe out entire planets at a time, and they are so fast at doing so that we poor humans are unable to get much information on them before they nuke us into oblivion.The horde of aliens is getting closer and closer to Earth with the clock quickly ticking down before they completely annihilate our race. Finally the line is drawn. In a massive battle near a human planet, only one ship survives: Pillar of Autumn. The commander of the ship decides to lure the Covenant as far away from Earth as possible so she programs the ship's AI to jump to some random location in the opposite direction of the home system.Eventually the ship arrives at a distant area or space where they find both a gas giant called Threshold and its small moon known as Basis. This wouldn't be so strange except for the fact that they find a giant ring construct floating between the two objects, which is about 10,000 miles in diameter. Unfortunately for the small ship, the entire Covenant battle fleet had followed them and arrived in the system shortly before.When you boot up the game, you're knee deep in the middle of the Autumn being evacuated. That giant ring construct is Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball and the secret that it holds is the part of the story that will be up to you to discover.GameplayBefore we get into the nuts and bolts of how Halo plays, I'd like to share a few of the quotes blurted out in and around the IGN offices and other places as passers-by were enraptured by a glimpse of Bungie's first person superstar.""Are those guys fighting with you?""""Drive the Jeep! I wanna see the Jeep!""""Damn, this feels like a movie!""""I thought the fun part happened already.""""How come the enemies speak English?""You will fire roughly 4 million rounds at all sorts of alien creatures and vehicles by the time you reach the end of Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball. It's definitely a first person shooter with the emphasis on shoot. But it's how you're motivated to deal all of that damage that makes the experience so enjoyable. And I'm not referring to the backstory of the game either. The artificial intelligence of the enemies is sophisticated enough and increases in difficulty at such a nice steady pace to that you are literally getting better the more you play.There are a handful of basic enemy types that you'll encounter in Halo including the small annoying Grunts, force-field wearing Elites, shield carrying Jackals, terrifying Hunters and the good old cloaking Elites --they carry cool energy swords that you don't want to know about. Each of the different enemy types behaves and attacks according to their specific ""personalities"" and so there are tactics in dealing with each.Grunts are basically chicken-ish and so they like to attack when they have plenty of backup and run away once you isolate them or show your aggression. The magic is in how they express themselves. When Grunts run away they only get so far and hide behind cover before they muster some more courage and pop out again. You simply pop them at will with whatever weapon you have handy.Elites have an entirely different plan. They have shields, just like you, so they're more likely to go toe-to-toe. Once you get their shields down, however, they panic and become even more aggressive with a running melee attack of some kind. Since their shields are down, your best bet is to smash them with a melee attack of your own with whatever weapon you may be carrying. How often have you gotten frustrated in other FPS games and wished you could just smash the enemy in his side-chewing mouth? An up close and personal attack with the butt of your assault rifle is one of the more underrated joys that Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball will bring you."
,Recommended,270450,28263300,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Vover,This game is incredibly fun. always make you get so into the game and provide with amzing music to stay focused.
,Recommended,270450,21976886,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,The face paced style of some servers are where its at. gives you a more unreal tournament feel at the face pace dodgeball kill-a-thon!fun with friends! not so much for kids with the chat window
,Recommended,270450,31120541,Posted: 13 April,all,Oberon,"""If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.""This is an amazingly fun game."
,Recommended,270450,33021382,Posted: 29 June,all,Descon csgoatse.com,.
,Recommended,270450,33190919,Posted: 3 July,all,Etika the Dank Engine,"When I saw the thumbnail I thought it was going to be an awful budget game. It's honestly really fun, but it's a shame barely anyone plays online."
76561198155887575,Recommended,270450,32904821,Posted: 27 June,all,CVanDover14,Really enjoyable game so long as you have friends to play it with- lots of fast paced action and frustration- Mario Kart level friendship distruction.
,Recommended,270450,32898603,Posted: 27 June,all,Adam,"only worth your money when you buy it on sale. buy the 4 pack and gift 3 copies for your friends, then you will never get bored of the game."
,Recommended,270450,34946359,Posted: 14 September,all,Tombz,"It's a nice shooter game, little different, so it's nice :) I like the art style too."
,Recommended,270450,9654223,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,DOOM Guy,This game was way more fun than I expected.
,Recommended,270450,9829604,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Yk Tony,"This game has kick♥♥♥♥♥ fast-paced gameplay, an awesome soundtrack, cool neon graphics, and mustachioed robots playing a hybrid of basketball and dodgeball.  On wheels.10/10"
,Recommended,270450,13802306,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Trotskyist,You get to throw balls at your friends that aren't your own! - 10/10
,Recommended,270450,14058079,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Rj,"A bit of Tribes mixed with an Arena shooter like Quake III; Disco Dodgeball is fast paced, stylistic, challenging, and most importantly fun. The game is well balanced on account of only having a single weapon and the levels are tight but well thought out just as they should be with an arena shooter. Graphics are clean and flashy and the music is ""bumpin"" as the kids would say if kids said that. While some things maybe require a little more refinement (menus and matchmaking) the core game is extremely well put together. As long as the community holds up strong I can recommend this game without hesitation. Easily the best early access game I've seen."
,Recommended,270450,14550806,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,isailing,Just about as much fun as you can reasonably ask for out of any game. Brings me back to gym class in elementary school and adds an amazing twist with arena-style maps.Incredibly funky soundtrack by Adhesive Wombat that's worth a listen in its own right.Developer is super friendly and interacts with the community fairly often. I even had a chance to play a couple games with him while the game was still in development.This game is a brilliant example of what Unity Engine games can and should be.I'll be completely honest and say that my favorite part of this game is the announcer. He has some incredible one-liners and really brings a neat feel to the game.
,Recommended,270450,30412110,Posted: 9 March,all,[PHC-MC]Don Juan,"I can't afford Rocket League, so I bought this gem instead"
,Recommended,270450,15430081,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Yessnow,"Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball, the game that defined humanity for me for a couple weeks, this game is super addictive and easy to get into, no catches, op items or anything unfair for the losing people except skill! This is a key component whether you like catching, or throwing ballz, this shooter/dodgeballer is definetly for you.Pros=Easy to get intoCool graphicsDeveloper is awesome!No unfair itemsNot trying to imitate anything!Cons=Server Latency is highNO-ONE PLAYS IN AUSSIE :(  (Not really a con lol)thats it, I love this game and surely recommend to cod/cs/quake/doom/wolfenstein/bf/any other fps veteran."
76561198004663390,Recommended,270450,14739703,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,OMG Its Karter,"This game is pretty fun. Well worth the money. It is a mixture of Halo, Tron, and Call of Duty. I play this game when I need to kill some time. The only complaint I have is that the servers are a minimally laggy. The game is still playable though."
,Recommended,270450,17752609,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,αυst,"Ótimo jogo para se divertir com amigos ou sozinho, gráficos bons e o melhor de tudo a soundtrack do jogo.Customização, Treinos, ''CAMPEONATOS'' recomendo esse jogo. Vale cada centavo gasto."
,Recommended,270450,14038984,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,schlorgan,Forget Uncharted. Forget The Witcher. Forget Batman. Game of the Year 2015 is right here: Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball.
,Recommended,270450,14718163,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kingsofsscrubs,Pretty darn dope.WARNING: Don't buy it if you have epilepsy. Just a heads up...( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
76561198138045913,Recommended,270450,14631600,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,CaptainSwagDaddy,"Ive been following this game for a long time and boy has it changed. the game is just ugh so good and i dont even know any flaws to be honest.it has a great soundtrack, great fast paced gameplay and the colours/ effects are just beautiful. i dont know how you cant own this game because its truly a gem. there should be 1000s of players on it seriously, just buy it"
,Recommended,270450,13397447,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Subsided,"SO AMAZING.So, take a rave party with epic music. Replace the glowsticks with dodgeballs, and the people with murderous robots. And you've got this game. Sweet graphics. AMAZING music. Awesome gameplay. Different gamemodes. Hours and hours of fun. It was worth it when i paid $15 for it. I'd reccomend it to anyone who loves rave parties, physical sports, or robot death macthes."
,Recommended,270450,14169653,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Walker,"As someone who has been playing first person shooters since Wolfenstein 3D, I'm kind of blown away by the fact that no one has thought to impliment dodgeball pay mechanics to this genre until now (unless I somehow missed another game/mod along the way). The pick-up-and-throw mechanic gives the FPS genre a nice twist and the catch/block controls are tough, adding some extra levels of depth for moderate-to-advanced players. Some might complain that the controlls are too floaty/skiddish, like you're playing in a low-gravity ice-rink, but I think it adds to the uniqueness.Highly recommend this for LAN parties where you want to change up the action.Double recomment it as a kid-friendly experience. My seven year old son loves it! (I've not let him play any other shooters yet, so this is a nice game for him.)Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,270450,18212621,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kung Fu Kenny,This game is like crack but for children. If you are a adult do not buy this game. Peace to the middle east.
,Recommended,270450,22032046,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,vicky ^-^,I have played this game just a few minutes and the only thing that I can think is: why isn't this game more popular? Everyone should play it!!So funny <3
,Recommended,270450,18949200,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dannation,"This game is amazing, when there are lots of people online it's one of the greatest crazy experiences you can have.  It's got a great soundtrack, solid gameplay, and a very cheerful fun look to it.  This is the first review I've ever posted, and basically, unless you hate fun, you're going to love this game.  All it really needs are more players!!!"
,Recommended,270450,16434935,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Katar,"General OverviewI've just purchased Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball and have been playing it for about a day, but I can't seem to put it down. It's that good.Basically you and a couple of buds or random strangers team up and play Dodgeball all while picking up powerups littered around the stage that give you or your balls(teehee!) special effects. It's a rather brilliant idea that is only augmented by the whole soundtrack and flashing lights going on around you. The game is bright and colorful and rather nice to look at. One of the things I enjoyed is that this game doesn't try to be anything more than what it is, it's simply dodgeball with robots, flashing lights, and kickass music. What could be better?GameplayThis is one of the most important elements of Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball. It's dodgeball, but dodgeball with a fun spin on things. The controls feel nice and fluent and never slippery and the speedboost and jump system feel solid and just plain fun to pull off. The action is tense and high-pace and the music and strobe light effects augment that fastpace gameplay into an incredibly enjoyable experience. There's also powerups littered around the map to keep things interesting. You can pick up jetpacks, make your balls home in on enemies (teehee!), make your balls on fire into fireballs (teehee!) and so, so much more. It's simply the paragon of fun at its finest.PROSFunSoundtrackPretty to look atToaster FriendlyBots in servers work well enoughOn sale(7.50USD at the time of this review)Make ball jokes with your friends!Did I mention fun?CONSServers can sometimes be empty and full of bots.From what I've seen hacking and exploiting of glitches in online servers may be commonEnding StatementsDo you like having fun? If yes get Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball, you won't be disappointed.Edit:fixed a word"
76561198096035600,Recommended,270450,28249746,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Zychotik,"So, lets be honest. I originally downloaded this game for 2 reasons. 1: it was on sale. 2: I found the title to be entirely to awesome to pass up.What I found: A game that needs a bigger player base.Its fast, its chotic, and even when you lose its fun. Controls are simple, the objective, even in the non traditional styles of dodgeball, is simple. in turn is easy to learn, easy to play, which I find makes it easier to play, even with others.The music does get a little repetitive, and would not really fall under any form of disco, but between it and the 99.9% of all arenas being rave lights, it definately has a distraction factor I didnt foresee.I lost my point, but I will say this.. BUY IT.. PLAY IT... LOVE IT... nuff said."
,Recommended,270450,27228780,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ninox,"Writing for the badge, but it is a nice little game."
,Recommended,270450,23535340,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ASPEN- Back Soon Hopefully,Great Game! Fast paced fun
,Recommended,270450,21290345,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BigJimmyHD,Fantastic game! It's like rocket league dodgeball
,Recommended,270450,23245388,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,niny! (´   ・ω・`),"Ok, so I haven't played this game much yet but what I can say is thisPros:Great CommunityAwesome SoundtrackFun GameplayGreat MapsLevelingCustomizationMake your own gamemodes?!Cons:Movement isn't very fluidNot bery many mapsNetcode is kinda bad"
,Recommended,270450,21430298,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Duwahkeen,i stayed up all night just to play this with some lads.i played on a mac.i still kicked♥♥♥♥♥i'm still hype about it.
76561197973760707,Recommended,270450,14949220,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Captain McAnus,This gave me seizures.10/10Would have seizures again.
,Recommended,270450,15654162,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Team Ąqua Grunt,"If the trailer didn't persuade you into buying the game, then the fact it's an ARENA SHOOTER with MULTIPLAYER and a lot of gamemodes to choose between probably will.Controls are easy to get used to, and every shot is SO satisfying."
76561198053722458,Recommended,270450,32884207,Posted: 27 June,all,Moeskio,Worth
,Recommended,270450,22786504,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,KevO:,this game is fun af i really like bot matches becuse i suck online lol feels laggy sometimes playing online and controller response time is a lil off & there needs to be servers closer to me plz fix servers and using controller in menu settings is tough i end up using mouse its all over the place ;( thx ;))Product received for free? i bought 4 pack lol i can't change it lol
,Recommended,270450,16068616,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,pepe silvia,"One of the greatest games of all time! Like, best game of 2015! It's just so good!Pros --ROBOTS-IN A ROLLER-DERBY-AT A DISCO-PLAYING DODGEBALL-but srsly-♥♥♥♥ing flashing lights-sexy disco music-the beST ONE HIT INSTA GIB GAMEPLAY-HUMOUR-DID I MENTION FLASHING LIGHTS-oh yeah the lights? the flaSH WITH THE MUSIC-like twenty different gamemodes on different mapsCons--uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhAlso the developeris a ♥♥♥♥ing great guy and will try to respond to like everything, so if you have a question, ask in twitter."
,Not Recommended,270450,28716453,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,B.W.S,"worst hitboxes and hit detection i have seen in years. sometimes you will see balls clearly bouncing off of a wall and hitting an enemy anyway, other times you will see them bouncing off of the enemy himself and not counting it as a hit."
76561198133291623,Recommended,270450,15486306,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MrGoodcents,Lots of balls... lots of madness... nuff said
76561197994300214,Not Recommended,270450,24730142,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,TheRealBilleh,"This is a really fun game, however I have seen several hackers/cheaters in the past few hours which completely ruins the fun. With no kick/ban option available in game, theres no point in playing. Don't bother getting it unless you want to die repeatedly to hackers or you want to join them and watch insta kills go back and forth."
,Recommended,270450,23720785,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Johnson,This is a very good game and is the next generation of Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgball games.
,Recommended,270450,30454981,Posted: 11 March,all,AmbassadorLaZer,I really like the game the music is awesome and the gameplay is awesome!
76561198006555408,Recommended,270450,30529352,Posted: 15 March,all,NickNitro,"This game is as fun as saying the name of it, which is very!"
76561198090881743,Recommended,270450,19749851,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,MrBeep,Greate Game .... sad that not many people play this ;-;
76561198091034264,Recommended,270450,15141793,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,..,"Fun game, very quick-paced, fully worth the price."
76561198091942087,Recommended,270450,14022622,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,oOSparkyOo,awsome game fun to play with friends
,Recommended,270450,23421959,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Portly McFatter,"Love this game. Fast-paced FPS fun. It's dodgeball in a disco, with robots. I mean... I don't really know what else to say."
,Recommended,270450,25900271,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DO I HAVE A LIFE,My friend hates it cos he bad
,Recommended,270450,26021953,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bungbung,"bought game, left it in libary for around a yearopen it one dayhad fun and made it to level 12made it to 14 nowmade a nutshack modnobody downloads the modstill happy i made something in life10/10"
,Recommended,270450,19297179,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,The_Advocate,This game is amazing. If you are going to have a LAN party this is the game for you.
,Recommended,270450,16272209,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,2w.Sovereign lfs Sunday 830,"Get this game with some friends and I guarantee you guys are going to have fun. It's dodgeball with a twist - you're a robot on a unicycle. Use boosts, ramps, and powerups to gain an advantage over your opponents and coordinate with your team to capture/complete the objectives. The art style and music work together to create a very memorable experience, whether you like real dodgeball or not.Be sure to play the tutorial.Bonus video:https://youtu.be/LDjulA6lz1c"
,Recommended,270450,28022436,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ノンウィッブ,I don't know why I bought this. I really hate this game.10/10
,Recommended,270450,30379996,Posted: 7 March,all,Jibril,It's dodgeball.It's a disco.It's a roller derby.It's got robots.What's not to enjoy here?
,Recommended,270450,30380405,Posted: 7 March,all,Spooky Peter,"This is a meme, this is not a game but a horrible fanatastic meme, that's contradictory but I don't care."
,Recommended,270450,30533163,Posted: 15 March,all,Pintman Paddy Losty,"Really like this game, it was fun and I definitely worth it"
76561198011885123,Recommended,270450,12405879,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fred,"This game is amazing. It's easy to pick up, intense, and a whole lot of fun."
,Recommended,270450,15107038,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,✪ Dexio,"By far, this is the most amazing fps dodgeball game i've ever played.The background in the game is amazing.The music is great plus you can put your own.You get to do amazing types of dodgeball moves and powerups.You get kudos which are basically a ""well done"" shoutout to the server.I am very impressed how this game works and will be hoping to see future updates :D"
,Recommended,270450,9691715,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Anthonyrules144,"Very addictive, Great music, lighting gets in the feel of the game, only if there were more games like this, then I would buy."
,Recommended,270450,19301024,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,m00sestache,"After 20 minutes in this game it's already exceeded expectations. It's funny, energetic, unique, and has some great music. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who wants a fun game to play with friends."
76561198119575852,Recommended,270450,30430279,Posted: 10 March,all,✪ Tippy T ✪,"Tells you you're getting nothing, gives the greatest gameplay and plot ever concieved. 7/10"
,Recommended,270450,9875153,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Spoopy Spooples,"I've been playing this title on and off ever since it first appeared on Steam, the simplistic controls and movement shouldn't be mistaken as this game can get very rage inducing, in a good way. The Arcade mode is something you can play for hours on end without even thinking about going to play multiplayer."
,Recommended,270450,31124486,Posted: 13 April,all,WellSh!t,G00D GAME!!!Buy it dont waste ur money on useless games
,Not Recommended,270450,26748408,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,D4F1X csgo-skins.com,"Game is very nice but there is a problem with online servers. There is only two servers in ""Search"". And in these two servers, there isn't any person. So, there is no online player. Please do something for it. No one playing online, and I have bought this game for sometimes play Singleplayer, sometime play Online. I will say ""No"" for it. Because of the online."
,Recommended,270450,18092909,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Kraloz,"Watch as I write my whole review using one word:Yes, yes yes yes.-{YES}-Yes yes yes yes. Yes, yes yes yes yes yesyes.Yes.Yes/Yes.-{YES}-YESYESYESYESYESYES. YES.YES,YES.{Yes,Yes}Yes."
,Recommended,270450,29324456,Posted: 17 January,all,Saul T. Knutz,"A seriously underrated game, loads of fun, sadly dont see too many people playing this."
76561198060631891,Recommended,270450,29397441,Posted: 21 January,all,Rob28,Just buy its awsome ! And really fun!
,Recommended,270450,14659183,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,chry,"RRDDD is as much a capable competitive title as it's hilariously fun played casually with your friends.With the extensive customization, great amounts of content and surpringly high skill-ceiling RRDDD is a game suitable for just about everyone whether you're looking for a fast paced arena shooter or robots with moustaches playing dodgeball."
,Recommended,270450,30672219,Posted: 22 March,all,Spidey,"Grab some controllers and friends and enjoy the game!This infamous game is a totally awesome with cool graphics, pumping soundtrack & has Steam Trading cards and Achievements.After buying the game i usually played it online multiplayer which is in the case fun but the real awesomeness got in action when I plugged my laptop to my TV and got some Controllers & called my friends to play.To be true to you guys, while playing 4 player co-op the gameplay was so intense that we all were focused and enjoying the game! This is what many players dont know, you can play this game Co-op splitscreen & with controllers which is truly a great experience.The core gameplay is simple and awesome, you have to pick and throw the Disco ball to the opponents and blast them while dodging opponents attacks! Having different modes like Deathmatch and Hoops, which makes the game ever enjoying!As I stated before, it has Steam Trading cards & and Achievements which will make you playing the game again and again!If you are Avid gamer like me and like to try different and new games then truely go for it! If you are looking to buy a new cool game which will have you entertained for months then this is surely the game you are looking for! If you love playing Co-op & multiplayer online or with friends this is the next game for your library!GO FOR IT!!!10/10"
,Recommended,270450,31475152,Posted: 30 April,all,Dame Dolla,"Very enjoyable dodgeball game with plenty of ways to play, and different ways to customize your character. Player base is a little small, so we need new players. Definitely worth the $10."
,Recommended,270450,9714389,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Spongie,"Experience on Linux:+ Works. (I had problems with nvidia drivers 334.21, there's a patched version, 334.21-2 for most distros, that fixed the problems for me, although it might have been the latest game update as well)+ Developer communication is always appreciated!The game:Much in the same way that ID Software introduced the arena style with Q3A, this game follows and creates a competitive game where you... I guess you control robots on rollerskates. I'll just take for granted that you know how dodgeball works. The controls are a bit akward at first, I wouldn't say bad, but they definately add a challenge to the game. This game works perfect along side some cold beers during a LAN weekend. It's one of those games you play intensely for 30 minutes when you need a break from the seriousness of online, competitive gaming. If you like fast, team based gameplay you should check it out.Score:3/5"
,Recommended,270450,28258973,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,The Incredible Mr. Satan,"Finally, after many years of searching ive finally found the definite spiritual successor to the popular WC3 fun map Mad Balls Arena.Ah, the good old days ofbattle.net:)"
,Recommended,270450,24438700,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rex Draco,"You know what, this is a great game and I wish I played it more often than I do.It's one of those games that is ridiculously fun to play with people. The AI is boring and so therefore it's not a game to play with by yourself. With a group of friends, you guys will have a blast. There is a variety of game modes, such as a basketball like mode or a mode where you need to hang on to a certain ball for a certain amount of time first, but death match is just where the real fun and this game's strong point is.There is a lot of powerups, there is great player customization, and there is (for some reason) item drops you can use to sell, trade, or create cosmetic stuff with. No, I mean like legit actual items, like steam item drops. Weird for an obscure indie game to implement that feature, isn't it? Granted, 16 of my friends already have this game, so I suppose it isn't too obscure. Regardless, if you are looking for a game with some meat on it for a decent price even outside of a sale, you found it.The gameplay is fast paced, it's fun, it's simple, it's just good. There is only negative experiences I've had, such as people catching my shots from ridiculous distances from them, that I feel had more to do with connection issues (my friends are all ♥♥♥♥ing europeons for some reason, damn foriegners). However, I do notice the ball can still be caught even after hitting a wall or the ground, which I think is unfair and unnecessary. The game could have more content if the developer had the desire to add anymore I feel, but I think the asking price is still fair for what you're getting. So don't think to hesitate.7/10Pros-Good fast & simple gameplayFairly unique take on the genreGood enough amount of varietyCons-I feel the game could have more content such as more maps and the likes, maybe even the ability for users to make their own maps.I feel sometimes that catching is ridiculous, especially when it has already hit the ground.AI sucks real hard and online isn't overwhelmingly active, you will need friends."
76561198166599224,Recommended,270450,20769090,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TheOneAndOnlyWheel,"I wrote a horrible review of this game quite a long time ago and took it down within a few days. I have since installed it on a different computer and runs beautifully with no hiccups or any kind of lag. Originally I had reviewed it on my not-really-that-good-to-begin-with 2007 macbook pro, but have since tried it on my mid level gaming PC. On the mac it was terrible controls were so laggy even on the menu that I couldn't play. On the PC it ran very smoothly and all-in-all was a great little FPS. Two (in my opinion) cons to watch out for though are the fact that NO ONE is playing multiplayer, and that I really think the fact you need brakes to begin with is unescescarily complicating the controls"
76561198004430441,Recommended,270450,28262167,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,general_stealth,"very fun game , have to recommend this to friends 9/10 , 1 thing though , the singleplayer arcade mode , I wish you could host that or join that coop and work together with either 4 or 6 players agianst endless waves of bots to make it to wave 30 , or 70 and so on with friends or random players  , please add that in an update also love the singleplayer , local and online co op feature , the controller support , and steamworkshop, awesome game"
,Recommended,270450,25902511,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jarp,█▀▀░▀▄░▄▀░▀▀█▀▀░█▀█░█▀▀░░█░█░░█▀▀█▀▀░░▄▀▄░░░░█░░░█▀▄░█▀▀░█░█░█░█▀▀▀▀▀░▀░░░▀░░░█░░░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░█▄░▄█░█▀▀░█▀▀▀░ █▀█░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░▀▄░█▀▀█░▀░░░▀░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░▀░█░░█░█░▀▀█▀▀░█▀█ ░ █▀█░█░░█░█░░░█░░░█▀▄ ░█▀▀█░▀▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░▀░ ▀░▀░░▀░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀
,Recommended,270450,14530547,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Redzdaz,"Very fun game, one of my favorites. Buy this now.or later."
,Recommended,270450,14474138,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tundra Hunter,GOTY
,Recommended,270450,19983064,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Señor Chavez,"From the moment I started playing, I knew I would love this gaming.  It is so fast and so much fun.  The soundtrack is just phenomenal and is really worth getting.  Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,270450,32297493,Posted: 9 June,all,Rootin4Putin,Mt epileptic friend said she has never had a more amazing seizure EVER 10/10 would nearly kill my friend again
,Recommended,270450,32879675,Posted: 27 June,all,|Dennis|BAZINGA,Robot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballRobot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballRobot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballRobot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballRobot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballRobot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballRobot Roller-Derby Disco DodgeballRobot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball
,Recommended,270450,30361250,Posted: 6 March,all,BOT Vitaly,Better than cs:go
,Recommended,270450,12757200,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,candyman,♥♥♥♥ YES  ITS A MUST GET
76561198067698713,Recommended,270450,12751719,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tyranus,"Fun, challenging gameplay. Its a great adaptation of dodgeball, in a comical robot setting, with one of the GREATEST soundtracks ever. This is such a great game!"
,Recommended,270450,9820316,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Grumneld Two Scoops Grumpflyflum,"Robot Roller Robot Derby Disco DodgeballWriting this on patch .371Game is alot of fun, especially with friends. I've played this game for awhole lot of time and to me it just never gets old. Game is worth the price and if you got three friends the four pack is also worth it, thats what I bought. Keep in mind this game is in early access and there are some latency bugs but thats about it.  These problems arn't game breaking at all and probobly will be fixed at some point in the future.This game has the potential to grow into the next big game, the game that all the streamers play and the one thats always on the front page of steam. I met and spoke with the creator of this game at 2014's PAX East, although we didn't speak for awhile he seemed to be a very dedicated man who would do anything to see this game florish.10/10"
,Recommended,270450,16887826,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Skindiacus,"I've played RRDDD for a little over 100 hours. I got it the week it came out. No matter what you say about it, you can't deny that it has improved a lot.Graphics:There exactly the right amount of detail on each map. Most of the graphics are on the walls, which is good. There's lights that flash to the music and every surface is textured. There are nice-looking particle effects and the graphics are all-round polished. There isn't an extraordinary amount of detail but I feel anything more wouldn't help the game at all and would end up being distracting.Audio:The music is great. Its techno tunes from a bunch of different artists. You can even add your own songs to the playlist and listen to those, or grab some from the workshop. The sound effects are great too. They’re all present and sound right.Gameplay:There are probably people better suited to review this. In my personal opinion, it’s really fun and engaging. There are a bunch of maps with a bunch of gamemodes. Gameplay is mostly skill based and competitive. I did of course find myself getting a bit frustrated sometimes, but that’s the case with any game.Features:-Good singleplayer and bots-Workshop support-Drops and crafting system-Cards and achievementsNegatives:-lag. A lot."
,Recommended,270450,22054541,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,dolphindann,i have wasted so much money
,Recommended,270450,21675363,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nintensis,>sees the intresting game name>watches trailer and nothing else>is sold
76561198139673083,Recommended,270450,22075823,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,.ĐĿ. Gakksun::RaiRai,Best FPS of 2015
,Recommended,270450,34153732,Posted: 10 August,all,pogran_,"Well, it's worth trying, it's unique, it's cool and everything, but it's not charming. It's like one of these movies you watch only once and don't need to watch it again. The rooms are small and there is not much space for strategy, more run & mouse click as much as you can and hope for something. But worth trying, the game is cool and you may like it."
,Not Recommended,270450,23763799,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ｎｓｏｎｇｓｔｅｒ ツ,"I really wanted to like this. I'm a huge fan of the simplistic neon aesthetic and the idea of a dodgeball FPS is really interesting, seeing as Quake 3 and Unreal are some of my favorite games. Not only are the movement mechanics awful and clunky, the game just doesn't run properly. I've got a quite functional computer, but it still just doesn't play smoothly even with all of the extra graphics settings off, in windowed or fullscreen. I'll be moving my mouse to turn and it just stutters and flickers, it's essentially unplayable.The biggest plus is probably having an FoV slider that goes up to 100, although I wouldn't have minded seeing a larger option."
,Recommended,270450,14604351,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Bye,TOO.MUCH.FUUUUN!!!!
,Recommended,270450,31837313,Posted: 19 May,all,DK Mike,Really amazing so fun definetly would buy four copies
76561198036803126,Recommended,270450,23527839,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,keats,I listen to this game on the bus. 11/10 would twerk again
76561198176360089,Recommended,270450,15642630,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SHARKGAMING85,FUN GAME
76561198272976540,Not Recommended,270450,25890867,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,KamikazeChicken,its so laggy and i can't find games so i have to play with op bots
,Recommended,270450,26525025,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,LightOichi ♥,"Now I have got alot more into the game it's time I write this review.I am in love with this game, community wise and of course gameplay wise.It has made me alot of friends and even managed to talk with the dev about problems.the dev is very active and open to everyone, which is another reason I love this game, I have 20hours while writing this review but can assure that it will become alot more.DO Buy this game if you love party co-op games, It will be a good purchase that's for sure."
76561198084524235,Not Recommended,270450,19679058,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,heavygas123,Bad.
,Recommended,270450,19137832,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,burlapjack,You won't like this game.  You don't have theproper reflexes.  Maybe you should stick tocheckers or something.  Scrub.
76561198061656295,Recommended,270450,14605563,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cambohl,best game ive purchased. Eric did an amazing job with this game
,Recommended,270450,33062662,Posted: 30 June,all,JacobZ,"This. Is. Fun.Once i baked cookies, but no no no, this game is nothing like that.Three years ago my cousin on my mothers side had terminal bear claw injuries, the doughnut kind, but no no no, this is nothing like that.10/10 would do MDMA while my daddy strokes my hair."
,Recommended,270450,14629632,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Acid Fast,buy this video game
76561198043872992,Recommended,270450,25199261,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,XStewminator,"Oh Hecc Ya, Is Best Game. 39/39 Would Anime Tiddies Again"
76561198287737223,Recommended,270450,29548875,Posted: 28 January,all,{BDLT} TAYCO ^o^,goog game really foon
76561197988673522,Recommended,270450,28228313,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,|| de_Laubi,It is just like going out on a Saturday night to go to a dance club - on roller blades and with balls. Except you are not going out and it does not need to be Saturday night either. It is also cheaper than any club and you don't need to socialize you can just toss balls at robo-balls. 10/1011/10 when drunk.
,Recommended,270450,16506810,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Zabuk,dodge ball with edm = best game ever
,Recommended,270450,24530852,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Shuckle The Overlord,"This game, I don't know what to say. Not only is it a lot funner than actual dodgeball, it also has a bunch of different gamemodes to help customize the experience and change it a bit. I also love that there is online and local multiplayer. Personally I don't play too much online but I love the local muliplayer so I can play this game with my friends. And adding the workshop was great too. In fact, my favorite gamemode is from the workshop! So, it's just a really fun experience! It has a bunch of different modes, gear to customize your robot. Settings to edit each mode. Both online and local multiplayer. An arcade mode, and so much more! This is a lot to come out of an 8 dollar game. I'd probably buy it if it was 30 dollars! It just has so much content in it and of course, it's very fun to play. Easy 10/10. I will be playing this for quite a long time."
,Recommended,270450,18438516,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,PEP1C,"I don't write reviews often, but when I do, I write them for RRDDD. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,270450,14317382,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Karl Marx ☭,"Let me start out saying this is a fantastic game.  Its a quick fun game and I love it.  Theres a coupole things I dont like and some things I wont added too.  The big ball power up makes the ball cover your screen.  Also, you should totally add hats.  That would be so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.  Another thing thats not so good about this game is theres like no people that play this game.  Theres really only people on friday nights and on weekends.  You should definatly buy this game.  Its unique and awesome."
,Recommended,270450,14592908,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MrTinRobot,"So satisfying to catch a ball thrown at you, use it to smack down their friend, then combust into flames in a tron-like scene whilst jammin' to the music. Very much worth the money."
,Recommended,270450,19899858,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,MuscleCarp,"No gimmicks. No pay to win advantages. Just pure, colorful, robot destroying, fun. 10/10 would reccomend to anyone looking for a good♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198065109341,Recommended,270450,17707514,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,HuskersFanOH,"This game is amazing, with its game play, music, positive response, and the fact that this is made by one person!  This is just a glimpse of what's to come, I bet you that there will be new game modes and other stuff in the future."
,Recommended,270450,14532074,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Hershal,"Fun FPS. Fast paced, addictive, and unique."
,Recommended,270450,16534734,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Excalibur,"this game is exactly what the title says, and it's amazing. 10/10"
,Recommended,270450,16626751,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Get More Ass Than a toilet seat,It's like playing dodgeball while on LSD and being at a dubstep concert.
,Recommended,270450,15670895,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Moose The Magnificent,10/10 would disco and die again
,Recommended,270450,16488271,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Midfury,"After playing this game for only 20 minutes I have been in love with it. Please tell your friends about this one, it's worth the learning of how to play. The only thing that wasn't perfect was the server's, because they're sometimes a little laggy, but one who loves this game can get over it easily."
76561198048407763,Recommended,270450,18765592,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Daedra_dragon24,So much fun and such a great soundtrack. 10/10 for sure.
,Recommended,270450,14615216,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,gsop,gr8 fun with my m8s rated 8/8 no b8 if u dont like i h8
,Recommended,270450,16575541,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,VicVision,"One of the most fun games I have ever played, grab some friends and smash'em in the face!"
,Recommended,270450,16604269,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Brokayo,"Pretty fun. Lots of stuff to collect, unlock, and do. Online multiplayer easily customizable and offers many different modes to play. The game runs smooth and online lag is minimal to none most of the time. I recommend this game."
76561198106008378,Recommended,270450,21065460,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Leeroy Dankins,awesome but there needs to be PRIVATE GAMES!!!!
76561198180715303,Recommended,270450,20987719,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chris,If you like arena shooters this is a good one! the only con is that it is hard to dodge with the slow robot you control.
76561198073073936,Recommended,270450,21013160,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,the cooler daniel,this is a great game
76561198081940363,Recommended,270450,22154867,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Reepus Vangaurd [LFG],"so, you saw the name, you saw the game, GET IT NOW.its amazing!its awsome!why wouldnt you get it?ITS ROBOT DISCO DANCING DODGEBALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!GO GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 thing this game is going to be like is: looking around like a fps but moving like a racing game,  this is not a normal game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i conpletely recommend this game 300/10 IGN gran prix squashed tomatos oscar for best idea of a video game."
,Recommended,270450,28926967,Posted: 1 January,all,frozen cheeto,this is a guud gama 420/69
76561198035919045,Recommended,270450,16621482,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gor,"Find some friends and play this game with them. By the end, they won't be your friends anymore!"
76561198083514690,Recommended,270450,16665575,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lord of the Locker Room,Timesplitters x Dodgeballnuff said
,Recommended,270450,19919141,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gilomonster,MY EYES! 10/10
,Recommended,270450,16488268,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,magnumd0ng,"This game is amazing. It has it's flaws, but they aren't completely gamebreaking. I just got this game earlier tonight and I'm hooked. The bad reviews are complaining about bad connection, and it's true.This game has terrible servers.But if you can just look passed thatthis game is amazingThe music is great, the gameplay is great, the controls feel natural, there are tons of gamemodes, all of which are equally fun, and the hitboxes feel fair10/10"
76561198068067999,Recommended,270450,16508307,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Actius,Tron Legacy 11/10 !
,Recommended,270450,16611667,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Code6,"Awesome! If you like games like UT, and you like the idea of a deathmatch where you have very limited ammo, this is a blast!"
,Recommended,270450,19853919,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,scre4m,best robot-roller dodgeball simulation out there.
,Recommended,270450,19907301,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ghoulunatic,Unreal Tournament in the guise of something you'd see in a mid-90s sci-fi movie.
76561198121713632,Recommended,270450,16633117,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MostBeast234,"Yesterday, I installed the game but didn't get to play it since it was so late, without knowing that the install was just 5 minutes. I tried out the tutorial and I was horrible but I was still determined to play a game. Yeah I got my butt rekt. I tried to get better and better and it barley worked after like 1 hour. I checked the time and that ""1"" hour turned out to be 5... GG.20/10"
76561198088612049,Recommended,270450,19835168,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,anator3000,VERY CREATIVE though as you start aiming is hard but the gameplay is better than most games out there! So yes get it! Its awesome!
,Recommended,270450,19893688,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,zandagain,This game is a blast! More people should play =)
,Recommended,270450,16631099,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,L U X,just amazing
,Recommended,270450,18746996,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sparkly,i was thinking this to be♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198008196389,Recommended,270450,16490432,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,NoodleSlinger,"This game is a quick, very fun, very colourful, and very worthy game to play!Rounds are quick shooting matches 5 v 5 which are usually over in less than a minute. Don't let the time frame fool you. It's a lot more skill involved than you might think. It's great for those who get an fps itch and just happen to want a light fast game to play when you're in a rush. Though you might get caught up in playing more than just a few rounds.The soundtrack is great. It's not extreme into any of the electrical music genres so no one will be groaning over too much dub step or not enough of it. The aesthetic of the game definitely makes you feel like you're playing a round of dodgeball in a really crazy rave club.Turn up the bass and shoot some ball!"
,Recommended,270450,16490473,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Daniel [],"Really good game if you are looking to spend some time playing around with some friends! I don't have many hours but so far this is a really fun game. This has a really small learning curve so it would be fun to anyone! Don't expect it to be an ""Intense Competitive Dodgeball Game"". This game has some cons but the one that really stood out to me was the pricing.Like I understand that this game is fun and all but $16?!? A little overpriced in my opinion but oh well. I recommend getting this on sale! I got a four pack for $14 so I can play with some of my buddies and I do not regret the purchase!!"
,Recommended,270450,28999420,Posted: 3 January,all,Conrad,Shut up and take my money!
,Recommended,270450,28904469,Posted: 1 January,all,Pug In Space,"Very dodge, many lights."
76561198269404700,Recommended,270450,28677951,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GH@ST,Epic game and lots of fun maps to play on!
,Recommended,270450,27905481,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ackbar,So many colors and lasers to give a blind kid epilepsyWould spaz out again10/10
,Recommended,270450,28246952,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,★ Meow ヅ,"Fun Game, i mainly play it when im getting wasted ...and just mainly play with friends or solo single player .I havent tested the multiplayer yet ( minus playing with friends ) ....but the game is fun and if you are a dodgeball fan, than this game is for you :)"
76561198155560431,Recommended,270450,27609231,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Granite,Your life isn't complete until you've played Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball...Nuf' Said
76561198071083886,Recommended,270450,28245326,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SlimJim4567,Tons of fun.  Several epic moments between my son and I in the short time we have played.
,Recommended,270450,28245652,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Johnyknowhow,"Saw this game on sale for a cheap two bucks and thought to myself ""what's the worst that could happen?"". Apparently not  very much because this game is simply amazing. Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a crazy name for a crazy game that's crazy fun!Pros:Fast paced action-packed arena insta-gib shooter; the pace at which this game plays is incredibly fast and will get your heart pumping.Rewarding mechanics; favoring client actions over those of the server. If you see a hit on your screen, it's a hit.Beautifully optimized; my computer is a complete potato and almost every map easily warrants me a happy 50-60 FPS.Fun to play with friends; start up a private match with a couple friends and have a blast. Or plug in a few controllers and engage in split-screen multiplayer.Unbelievably friendly community; in other multiplayer shooters the most interaction from other players is getting cussed out for 10 minutes. In this game everyone is incredibly welcoming and won't hesitate to strike up a conversation about whatever. People simply laugh off a lucky shot, or give you kudos for something spectacular rather than calling you a cheater, or other expletive.Light hearted concept makes it a great family title; if you're interested in playing with the family, this is a great multiplayer title to do so. I mean, come on. It's dodgeball.It's just a damned blast to play. It's hard to be mad at a game like this. Just enough edge to make it feel competitive, but just enough fun to keep you from being salty. The perfect balance.Cons:Sometimes the servers are a bit empty. It's not horrible, but isn't optimal either. I hate to judge a game by the amount of players it has, but sometimes it's a neccecary evil.Occasional bugs here and there, but this is to be expected from an indie game. The developer makes up for it with lightning-fast responses to bug reports on the forums. Looks like he reads every one as well.I have to play devil's advocate a bit with this one. The aforementioned hit registration can be a blessing, it feels great on your end, making sure every hit counts, but when playing against someone with a poor connection it can feel like a curse. A ball that flies way past you might hit you, or you might get hit even if you duck behind cover. There is no perfect system and this game has it at a balance where it's about as good as it can get. Just one of the pitfalls of online gaming.You're not playing it. What a con to a wonderful game! It's only $10 bucks for this spectacular title, and even better on sale. Why not give it a try? If you hate every moment of it Steam allows you to refund a game as long as you haven't played more than two hours, so there's hardly anything to lose."
76561198206116449,Recommended,270450,28245270,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,WaddledAway,"Pick it up in sale or not, its gonna be worth your money!"
76561198077479126,Recommended,270450,28640813,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bubba Gump,Its like rocket league but good
,Recommended,270450,28248569,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Veritas,"This is an excellent game to play with friends online or LAN. Unfortunately there aren't a lot of players, though. I also purchased the sound track, which I think is excellent.Definitely recommended if you want a different game that you can log on/log off whenever and still have fun.The only complaint I really have is that I had to turn off the flashing lights because it was making my eyes fatigue. Not for the feint-eyed. It's a shame I can't put more ""disco"" in ""Disco Dodgeball."""
,Recommended,270450,26085738,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Angry Gamer Smash,This game might look crazy AND IT IS!This is an FPS shooter on speed!  Get together with your friends and wreck their faces with a massive rubber ball.
76561198041278158,Recommended,270450,19310593,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TitanzZ,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is so freaking fun i cant put it in words xD
76561198010584006,Recommended,270450,19299945,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Parabolic,yo this game is amazing
76561198028930386,Recommended,270450,19293753,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Profoundsoup,Yes
,Recommended,270450,19257147,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,☆WhiskerPringles☆,Helps you with eye-coordination
,Recommended,270450,19297237,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Default Efficient Child,"This game is the bomb-diggity-dog! I be at the derby, with my ball. I see the bots, they can't dodge me. I be shootin', bots be 'splodin'. I be king.Sorry for that.Anyway this game is actually really fun. If you life TF2, you'll probably like this maybe.Buy it. Play it. Be one with the balls.(I do not hold responsibility for any dodgeball related trauma you may encounter while playing this game)Tottles!"
,Recommended,270450,22452398,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,a Cat,"Everything flashes, you will die alot, but you will like it.If you like ROBOTs: Buy it.If you like ROLLER skating: Buy it.If you like DERBY: Buy it.If you like DISCO: Buy it.If you like DODGEBALL: Buy it."
76561198077979528,Recommended,270450,22525428,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Totally Not Bruce Wayne,"Fast-paced, colourful and slightly derpy. These are some good qualities for a game such as this. I very much enjoy playing a match every now and then. Would reccomend for someone that wants to play a fun game with their friends or even by yourself (friends is better so you can enjoy shoving your balls in their faces)."
76561198076312666,Recommended,270450,11305651,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Moon (Roroos),it is amazing you guys got to get it its 10 dollars GET IT NOW
,Recommended,270450,32584277,Posted: 19 June,all,Atomical Sloths,"I was unsure of this game at first. The game is a lot of fun. Hitting the other robots is satisfying and the music fits the game well. I only wish the jump was slightly higher than what it is now. I would recommend this to anyone who likes dodgeball, as it simulates the experience pretty well."
76561198021043162,Recommended,270450,32299395,Posted: 9 June,all,X99,this game great fun music cool...... really tho the main interface and menus needs a bit more work there a bit cluncky......
,Recommended,270450,32307905,Posted: 9 June,all,TāpêrHålflïñg pvpro.com,I just enjoy this game! The soundtrack is abosolutely brilliant! It takes such a simple idea as dodgeball and completely expands on it. This wasn't what I was expecting but in a good way!
,Recommended,270450,32401181,Posted: 13 June,all,Crunchy,Comp Saturday is my drug. Discord is the dealer.
,Recommended,270450,32524794,Posted: 17 June,all,pinto,"I only dunk,I am the dunk king,The dunk lord."
76561198139530706,Recommended,270450,31253774,Posted: 20 April,all,YellowLetters,It would be fun if people played it
,Recommended,270450,34796987,Posted: 7 September,all,Dirty Doug,"sitting in my elite 400 stealth series gaming chair * smiles warmly* *grabs cabarete savignon* clank sip slurp wow yummy, this game has class *tips wheelchair*"
,Recommended,270450,14249975,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ArrowCat,"Extreamly easy, simple, and fun to play. The music is energetic, the graphics are beautiful, and overall gameplay is simple and fun. Definitly worth the ten dollars."
,Recommended,270450,32259719,Posted: 7 June,all,DildoBaggins,"Very fun game, sometimes you can have 4 real players!"
76561198098579246,Recommended,270450,32210802,Posted: 5 June,all,KropotkinWasRight,"Amazing, fast-paced game; runs well even on mediocre computers; menu kinda sucks, but the game overall is awesome."
,Recommended,270450,32207396,Posted: 5 June,all,StudMuffin,pretty solid game
,Recommended,270450,23452739,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,David Lopez,Fun Gem.Best MusikLiek
76561198162830315,Recommended,270450,23450709,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mesort,best
76561198002447541,Recommended,270450,33067241,Posted: 30 June,all,Daozer,you guys should do more ads. this game is actually very fun. Just there is no one online.
76561197968357855,Recommended,270450,33060619,Posted: 30 June,all,Bonesjustice08,This game is fun. Buy it now
76561198168919755,Recommended,270450,23194998,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,SlimeBall,Hands down the best game on the steam store for it's low and affordable price
76561198226549928,Recommended,270450,23217649,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,[D3m0] Donald The Trumpet,It's an amazing game with an awsome soundtrack that everyone that can should try!
,Recommended,270450,25260823,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Legend Of Ignayteus,"When you skate around as a robot throwing a homing missle dodgeball at another robots face well listening to sick disco music, you know it's gonna be a fun time."
,Recommended,270450,30196330,Posted: 26 February,all,Ocean man,very fun game
,Recommended,270450,28324541,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,bim,"OH c'mon guys, buy this game, play with me"
76561198180571746,Recommended,270450,28328130,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,WeedsterP,"Good, decent game that needs more players and a larger community."
,Recommended,270450,29390569,Posted: 20 January,all,EggsDee,the most fun game.
,Recommended,270450,23645208,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tosterstrudle,This game is great for people who are chilling and love amazing music.  The BOTs can be OP and kinda stupid at times but it is to much fun not to buy.
,Recommended,270450,24035391,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ambi | flashyflashy.com,This is the♥♥♥♥♥♥(that means it's really good)
,Recommended,270450,24050950,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,matthewpipie,Amazing game! online dodgeball.  Dev listens to players.  not much more to say than that.
76561198070725418,Recommended,270450,24091519,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Felipe,"Really fun, but I feel like our jumps are don`t do anything. Perhaps a higher jump and faster movement would allow us to move between multiple levels and make it more dynamic ."
76561198041144076,Recommended,270450,24171129,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,IHaveARagingCliu,"First of all, this game is legitimately tons of fun and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys fast paced, simple gameplay. The soundtrack is comprised of all super catchy songs that never grate the ears, and the graphics fit the games charm. Plus, bonus points for the awesome name! That being said, the game has some bugs right now. As a mac user, I'm used to games not being available to me, but this is the first one that teases me so badly. Everytime I've opened it (minus the first hour session I played when I first bought it) the music plays but the game just freezes entirely and I have to force quit. This game should definitely be played, but if you have a mac, be careful; it could bug out on you (something I hope the devs are working to fix). Once that bug gets fixed, this game is most definitely recommended by me!"
,Recommended,270450,24102399,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,NUTZ_ONYUH_CHIN,This Game is awesome when you have people to play it with!!!
,Recommended,270450,24202928,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheVelocistar,"There is little I can say about this game that is bad, other than the fact that there are few people who play it extensively.And to all those people who say to not buy this for that reason, wouldn't that perpetuate the issue of no players playing?  I say you should buy it, because you could help this game build a community.But what do I know? I only play on occasion."
,Recommended,270450,23816298,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Autistic German cs.money,beri beri gud iz nais
76561198122211072,Recommended,270450,28511982,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The American Hero,"Oh shoot wuddup, this game is so dank yo.  It is like it was made by a guy who was high and drunk and also a sick DJ then added dodgeball.  Great game, absolutely love itPros:Great MusicAwesome MechanicsSuper FunNo BugsSmooth PerformanceCons:Aren't any"
,Recommended,270450,20656228,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sudden,A light-hearted FPS style game that combines Dodgeball with skating (or roller-derby). The strobing lights and techno music really set a fun atmosphere for the game. There are several game modes and lots of powerups.
76561198213387056,Recommended,270450,28293098,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nairiel,T H I S  G A M E  I S  S O  F U N
,Recommended,270450,32912905,Posted: 27 June,all,FuckingStevenGlansburg,"FUN FOR LIKE, 30 MINUTES. still liked it tho"
,Not Recommended,270450,32161540,Posted: 3 June,all,Molewart,"Fun game, but too little players to get a full game that doesn't lag."
76561198147451973,Recommended,270450,21811383,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Spook,IT&S GUD GUD
,Recommended,270450,21988862,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,gergo,10/10 would disco again
,Recommended,270450,30360400,Posted: 6 March,all,Evoni,"it's like dodgeball, but better"
,Recommended,270450,28273078,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Harry CS-RL,"From my 0.2hours of playing this game it was okay. There are alot of people that play it, and it costed me 19p when it was on sale and i had  a coupon i reccomend this game for how cheap it is."
76561198271438554,Recommended,270450,35028474,Posted: 17 September,all,omoko030,AMAMAMAAQASQ]\SWDXZAAAA
76561198273443902,Recommended,270450,25641127,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,killertnt911,its so fun but the only problem is that you can tell the bots have aiming hacks
,Recommended,270450,9867042,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Tony The Tiger,"Great music and great gameplay, buy it"
,Recommended,270450,9886718,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Donald Trump,BEST GAME EVER!
76561198131182264,Recommended,270450,9871932,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,cmt1102,That soundtrack tho
76561198024974514,Recommended,270450,11647271,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,JurassicPandas,FLYING SQUIRRELL!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,270450,18154340,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,XOXOƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄ƷSkyler!ツ,able to MLG 360 noscope AI bot noobs erryday!!! 8 outta 8 m8 gr8 game m8s!!
,Recommended,270450,18275035,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,craftycommando,frustratingly difficult multiplayer only.
76561198066378992,Recommended,270450,15693255,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,kingdrummer666,DodgeDuckDipDiveand.....Dodge
76561198055103781,Recommended,270450,10419515,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,England Is My City,A game where you are a disco dodgeball playing robot with a mustach.....10/10
,Recommended,270450,33106372,Posted: 1 July,all,PlanetEvolve,"An extremely good, casual multiplayer shooter/ball-game. Its playerbase is sadly pretty small these days, but it's certainetly still a really fun game none-the-less!"
,Recommended,270450,23885712,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,♥Prof. Sugarcube♥,One of the few games whose dev isn't interested in only the moneyThis game serves as an electric shock to the horrid FPS game developing cycle of the past 4 years
,Recommended,270450,25957234,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Russian Scam Bot,This game almost broke my tabel!
,Recommended,270450,30219632,Posted: 27 February,all,ʟᴏʀᴅ_ᴋᴇᴠ,Free to buyFree to uninstallDubstep
76561198044713595,Recommended,270450,15669901,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Alex Wentzell,ayy lmoa
76561197985073430,Recommended,270450,9711118,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,unhappy_meal,"This game is teh awesome... quick, fun games in an easy to get into format that has tactical depth (Hoooops). Reminds me of the Carball days in UT2004 :)"
,Recommended,270450,22101166,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Aethelia,"The whole ""Robot Roller-Derby Disco"" thing is pretty stupid and it would be nice if that whole part was dropped and limited to a single optional skin of the game, but even so, the ""Dodgeball"" part is addictive enough, and the programmer has been very good about patching bugs. Even without ever trying multiplayer, it's worth it just to play with bots for hours."
,Recommended,270450,19294984,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,WirtsLegs,"Read the title....then do what any reasonable person would do and buy it, you wont regret"
76561198305461205,Recommended,270450,32009824,Posted: 27 May,all,Synchronize,Even tho i can never say this game's name correctly it is a game.
76561198056100466,Recommended,270450,14108669,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Bubbles The {SuN} Elf,This is the next COD game of the year material :) HIGHLY recommend for you to play so your ears can have an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ while dogeing balls in your face 420/360 no scope Play this game. Robot Ball is LIfe
76561198179906431,Recommended,270450,19314614,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,iratgamerg,a beet lagy but really fun
76561198023000018,Recommended,270450,9690714,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Storm Sniper,What could be more fun than running around an arena and beaning robots with a dodgeball?  Nothing!  Buy this game!  Best game ever!
,Recommended,270450,33068619,Posted: 30 June,all,KvN,"Strange game, fun with friends ay."
76561198093054323,Recommended,270450,23427928,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,AH_Atomic,just look at it
,Recommended,270450,18937497,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,O'Rayan,"Too much fun ! Incredible soundtrack, gameplay, replayability, awesome modes and mutators! I love this game <3 8/8"
,Recommended,270450,25900437,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,raph_b_117,my friend hates it cos hes too bad.
,Recommended,270450,14560468,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cesar The Salad,"Awesome game. Don't believe me? PLAY THE DEMO.Dodgeball shouldn't be this much fun! Oh but it is. The game mechanics are a lot of fun, the gazillion game modes and maps are very nice, the trick shots are a joy to pull off, the announcer is a joy to listen to, the electronic soundtrack sounds great, the visuals are futuristic and colorful, and.... it's just damn FUN.I've been playing since early access and it's great that it's finally officially out so there'll be lots of people to play it with. WOOOOO"
76561198175488479,Recommended,270450,25350801,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Neil deGrasse Tyson,Most likley the most unique game I have every play.It is worth your money plus its not that exspansive
,Recommended,270450,19924842,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sun,fun with mates omfg
,Recommended,270450,23477450,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Shaggy,This is the only game that I can run around dressed as a pedo-flil throwing balls at people and not get arrested.
,Not Recommended,270450,19958981,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Talon ☆VG☆,"This game is fine, But IT GIVES ME DaMN HEADACHES! MAking me barf! this game is bit slow control."
,Recommended,270450,22051262,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Lukee,"''engineer do something--- built a robit''okthrow balls eat balls be ballsdie(in all seriousness this is a fantastic game would reccomend, super cheap too)"
76561198301645074,Not Recommended,270450,35278256,Posted: 28 September,all,Turbo,It was fun for like 10 minutes
,Recommended,270450,30385743,Posted: 7 March,all,Wraithan,Super fun fast paced shooter with just delightful music and atmospheric effects.
,Recommended,270450,14588929,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Powered by Tears ®,"Great game -- smooth, slick, skillful, fun."
76561198165293405,Recommended,270450,27970425,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Purpking6000,great game for multiplayer so fun but if you want to get this game to play singleplayer its still fun but not as fun as multiplayer i would give this game 95/100
,Not Recommended,270450,29863914,Posted: 11 February,all,Gay Fax,"Perfect game but the developer can not into the promotion of the game.Yes, it is a nice mix of Quake, UT and some pinball mechanics but this game has no players at all. If it will continue - the game will die.Will the dev make this game free? Nope, he wants your money. Will the dev make this game popular? No, because this move needs money.Recommend? Yes, but you will play with bots 99% percent of game time.Like? Earlier I was putting Like, now Dislike only, I am sorry."
,Recommended,270450,26457083,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NotTheAverageJoeBro,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=794543392
,Not Recommended,270450,26749836,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,A.D.Mynx,"would be nice if playable, game gets worst every month. if you like shooting bots hours for hours till finaly any player come, than this would maybe be any nice for you."
76561198007694280,Recommended,270450,14101656,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DrRoseGold,Saw a robot with a Pedo-stash.. Hit him in the face with a ball. 10/10
76561198127601008,Recommended,270450,26044800,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,C_M_Fridays,its an amazing game but you have to have a mouse to play it other then that its a good game
76561198041125611,Recommended,270450,12960117,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cheese Spoon,Tron
,Recommended,270450,22461077,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,prim,Honestly so fun but servers are never full.So satisfying and takes a lot of skill.TL;DR - Fun and hard but not popular. I just play arcade sometimes.
,Recommended,270450,23318302,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Alecus,Do not play if you have epilepsy or are trying to find something that actually makes sense.This is just a weird thing.
,Recommended,270450,23428402,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nova,10/10
76561198158917657,Recommended,270450,24231649,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,PhillyMcCole,"Really fun game, amazing dev, definetly worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,270450,24664378,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Amey❤,"The concept of this game is great, but the gameplay itself feels very clunky and broken.- Catching doesn't seem to be viable, especially when people have bad ping.- Ping above the 60-70 range causes major teleporting and skipping dodgeballs.- Balls that don't look like they're supposed to hit end up hitting more often than ones that are perfectly aimed.- Ricochet hits seem to hit more often in a situation like my third point.- The homing power up is very broken considering that catching doesn't seem to work as much as it should in multiplayer.- Getting stuck in certain corner areas leaves you open as a free kill.- Gameplay is not as smooth as the trailers and bad latency affects gameplay immensely.TL;DR - Bad netcode makes this game very unenjoyable."
,Recommended,270450,11710084,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,xGio12,Its a fun little game
76561198104361263,Recommended,270450,29146632,Posted: 9 January,all,Taddy Mason,"this is a great couch co-op game. a fun dodgeball game with tons of modifiers and game modes. in addition to being a standard FPS dodgeball style game with robots, it has alternative game modes such as a basketball style game where you try to throw a golden ball through the enemy's goal or an endless wave style mode where you take on progressively more and more enemies to see how many waves you can survive/how many enemies you can take out. if you're looking for a fun way to pass a few hours, this is a great way to do it. this isn't the kind of game i could see myself playing for days on end, but it is definitely one i'll never stop coming back to play again and again."
,Not Recommended,270450,25762654,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,levelheaded,Had high hopes but zero players in lobbys only bots. Refunded.
,Recommended,270450,20138199,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jerry Smith,"""This game is literally AIDs.""-Noxcanem""Press F to pay respects.""-GypsyJar10/10"
,Recommended,270450,14610662,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Emiya Muljomdao,GOTY 201511/10
,Not Recommended,270450,28283546,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Twisted,WTF is this hsit my eyes are bleeding
,Recommended,270450,12260481,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,NalCEd,i r8/8
76561198354157620,Recommended,270450,30362966,Posted: 6 March,all,KillMeNow,lADS THIS  IS LIKE JOE ON STEROIDS AND THAT  IS CHEEKY
,Recommended,270450,20785007,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,L1beros Legatus,"Well, the game certainly has its perks. It's a nice blend of fps spiced with a bit of dodgeball, and it does not deliver the traditional fps feel. You have to pick up balls to score and that seems to be the main priority in this game, though there are a lot of different ways to score depending on the gamemode. The maps are nice, the simple player models are good enough, but it is the track that caught my attention the most. And even if it isn't your jam, you could replace them with your own music.And the AI, almost forgot about them. Hell, they're not dumb. I got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked on normal difficulty in every gamemode there is.It does come with its flaws though. First off, there aren't a lot of players in multiplayer, particularly around my region (I dunno about the others though.) I'd appreciate it if friendly bots would let you pass instead of standing in your way most of the time.And then there's the boss battles. Just imagine having a player on the opposing team with like 4 lives and a permanent buff. It's a little unfair, but that's just my opinion.Overall, I'd recommend this game for anyone especially if they're fans of instagib and/or dodgeball. It is certainly worth your money, and even more so if you have friends to play it with."
,Recommended,270450,27737534,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,negromancer,the best
,Recommended,270450,22064511,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Portal Master,"""Eyy Thats Pretty Good"""
,Recommended,270450,23443165,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,skitlz,I like this game because it was out on my birthday.
,Not Recommended,270450,28311947,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,StandingCow,Really didn't enjoy it at all... thought it was just me but the other 3 I gifted it to also didn't enjoy the game at all.
,Not Recommended,270450,28437345,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,JvNTC,don´t have servers
,Recommended,270450,16461817,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Casual,One of my personal favorites of summer sale so far. Just a great game.... Must buy to play with friends....or bots ;)SOUNDTRACK IS BUMPIN!!!!
,Not Recommended,270450,23030887,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Hans Zimmer,game is dead as of may 2016. wouldn't buy. 4 people online total.
,Not Recommended,270450,17448534,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ゴゴゴゴ WEK ゴゴゴゴ,You will be lucky to find a server with more than 3 people in it.
76561198131248593,Not Recommended,270450,21239734,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,8Bit,"******** EDITED / UPDATED *********ORIGINAL REVIEW:I want to recommend this game. I love the idea, the fun free-for-all smash 'em up bang around dodgeball havoc. I want to recommend this game. And perhaps in time, I can. That time has not come.I think its all about the controls. They need to be insta-intuitive, and they are not... Not on controller (which is how you should play this game), and they are not with k/m. And even the config to tweak the controls is buggy.There is so much going on, it seems the bots are having a BLAST... i only wish I could jump in and join them. I got this on uber sale, cause I just saw the current asking price of $15... OMG! No way ever. Its not even a $5 value YET.**********UPDATED:Suddenly im getting all these salty comments on my honest review. I took the liberty of deleting them, but Im not sure the deleting of salt is local or global, so I shall respod in kind.If these reviews of my review are ANY indication of the horrible community that plays this game, as other bad reviews suggest it is, good luck in life.One claimed i lost ""all credibility"" due to my complaining abut the controller functions. Brotha.... dont you worry, been using the W,A,S,D / mouse since my Commodore 64 and 386... since before you were born. The game developers claim this game is compatible, it is not. Therefore it is a manipulation, and buyers deserve to know this.My review was very honest. The game has tons of potential, and a week with Psyonix (who have been through this and finally worked out their game to play very very well) it could be there. But there is NO WAY it is close to the primetime $15.00 indie pricetag.As proof of this, and as support for my fledgling ""crediibility"" (/s), either the developers, or slumping sales, have apparently agreed with me, and the permanant price has dropped nearly 45% to 7.99.Case closed...//Mic drops"
,Not Recommended,270450,24133063,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ｍａｒｔｉｎ,Boring after a few rounds even with friends.
,Not Recommended,270450,30582634,Posted: 17 March,all,buddybooh pvpro.com,Video looks great........ Not like the game
76561198025732064,Not Recommended,270450,32097408,Posted: 31 May,all,MrYourMum,"Very unresponsive controls, awful jumping (stuttering and clunky), and no people actually playing it. Save yourself a few quids - don't buy this garbage."
,Not Recommended,270450,19698113,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,*COUGH*,"The game is pretty fun and the music is great but the gameplay gets boring very quick and the servers are dead. There are maybe 3 servers in the whole world that are full, the others are filled with bots which is no fun at all. Buy it if you have like 10 friends that already play it regularly, otherwise stay away."
76561198054593703,Not Recommended,270450,22369749,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cold Stone Steve Austin,"Laggy netcode, mechanics are not well refined. Movement in game is poor, movement in game is poor, little control over exactly how you move, which is the opposite of what you want in a dodgeball game."
,Not Recommended,270450,18110803,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ranty-san,"I've played this game for well over a year, and I absolutely love this game. I really do. It has so much potential. But the developers of the game made the mistake by putting it in a bundle. An entire new wave of players came in, which isn't bad. The bad thing is, the wave of players that came into the game are absolutely garbage.Here's a list of what these new players tend to do:1.) Namecalling2.) Put downs3.) Bad sportsmanship4.) ThreatsI would recommend this game before the game was bundled, but I just can't like this game because the community is just not as good as it was before."
76561198105778731,Not Recommended,270450,20614685,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Syth,This game is great but threre are just about no servers...dont buy game is dead sadly
,Not Recommended,270450,28266952,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,tøp trash.,I cant even open it without it crashing...I just sit and watch the trailers like 'ugghhh i want to playyyy)
76561198165701355,Not Recommended,270450,33493307,Posted: 12 July,all,ICuphead,"This subpar game could not understand my screen resoloution and after playing on my friends computer I decided this game was not even worth the trouble of working the problem out, or getting a refund. I'd prefer to leave it in the reject pile of my steam library."
,Not Recommended,270450,28964930,Posted: 2 January,all,Cars are not fast,my game broke lol
,Not Recommended,270450,21974059,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,saaamalam,awful game.
76561197960548201,Not Recommended,270450,17353157,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,coach mcguirk,"Hardly any servers running at all ever. Only US servers are on the east coast. Ping is always 110+ from Arizona. It's a good game but frustrating that multiplayer is near unplayable for the abovementioned reasons. If they would move some of the unused servers (e.g. Japan, Australia, etc.) to US west it would change my rating (assuming there was anyone playing)."
,Not Recommended,270450,29174737,Posted: 10 January,all,lil.litcow,♥♥♥♥♥pure boring ;/
,Not Recommended,270450,19307140,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Theory Of Madness,"Played it less than 3 hours.The game doesn't worth 15 bucks.Picked it up for 5 bucks on a sale.This game spent a weekend.(Which was also not that fun.)The game is basically dead.Most of the time was spent with friends who bought it with me so we can play. (And I am happy we did because then it would be a total waste of money.)I was so happy about this game, but I ended up sad.It doesn't seem to give me the feeling I thought I'd feel from seeing the trailer.The pepole I played with (Who weren't my friends.)Were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.I was on a match with a friend. And we wanted to make a 2v2.As time passed we had someone joining the match. (Finally.)I don't know how much time he played the game but he was very good. He started to make these little funny comments, which just turn into very annoying ones.He first started with this comment.Pro: Okay,who wants to lose? (Spectating at the moment.)Noobs (Me+Friend): *laughing*-*after some time of try-harding and getting our♥♥♥♥♥kicked*-Me: I think I'll move to my friend's team, since you are better than both of us. But I think It'll be easier for us.Pro: Go ahead, be my guest.Noobs: *laughing*-After some time he started making this into a cruel trolling.Which was very not sportive and annoying. We both just left the match angry.After sometime we tried doing the same thing. And guess what? That guy comes in again. And he brought another friend.Both of them were pros.It was unstable and not fun.And when I finnaly managed to kill one of them, all he said was:""Have fun, because this is the last time I'm letting you win me.""This just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off right away. I tried to complimant him every round. They were good. But this wasn't fun. I mean, not because they were better. Only because they were very unsportive and childish. They made this game even worst.Later on I realised they were almost the only pepole playing and there was no point of making any friends.And one more thing.THE GAME IS REPEATIVE.Doesn't matter how many gamemodes there are it is all the same.The only one thing I kinda feel needs to be pointed out as goodis the amazing soundtrack.Okay maybe when in-game it feels like there is no difference if there was only one song. (When playing the music is even more repeative from the game itself.)But I did like some of the tracks.I really don't know how to end this review now.Let me just say.In my opinion it is a very repeative game,horrible community,lack of servers (EU).Long story short:Doesn't worth my money,Doesn't worth my time.Great way to try out the Steam refund policy.I hate myself for not doing so."
76561198071412757,Not Recommended,270450,19952423,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tony Skate's Pro Hawker 2,Bad gameplayBad serversThought this game would be goodIts not
,Not Recommended,270450,17639618,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Neat.qt'<3,"So here's the deal, I sold a couple CS:GO skins cause this game was in the featured list on Steam's main page. Bought this game after reading a TON of great reviews and watching a few notable Youtubers review this game positively as well.Let me tell you, this game is VERY FUN, and I can see myself dumping quite a bit of time into it. However, NOBODY PLAYS IT. Across the entire planet, there were only 2 servers online at all. Each server had about 3 players in it total including myself.Yes throwing and catching the dodgeballs in this game is quite a lot of fun, and mechanically sound. It's just a ghost town of a game, and who wants to play an arena shooter game like this with NOBODY.... Well, the answer is nobody.If this was a free game I would say Download it for sure, but honestly there is not a single reason for dropping $15 + Tax on this, even if the game could be a gem.Honestly I wish I could get a refund, it's too bad.+1 for a great soundtrack+1 for fun gameplay+1 for relatively well programmed BOTS-15 for being wayyy overpriced for what it offers-1,000,000 for having no players"
,Not Recommended,270450,24052629,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cajen8,"This game is just bad, really bad. Barely got through a match."
,Not Recommended,270450,30697718,Posted: 23 March,all,mark.nau,"A bit too simplistic, controls are not very tight. Close call, but not quite worth it."
76561198080664627,Not Recommended,270450,21139857,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Torbius Morbius,"Not a lot of players online. Also if you're a beginner, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Can't say it's friendly to those just starting out, I can hardly play it for five minutes."
,Not Recommended,270450,22469646,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mr. Steal Your Goal,Do not waste your time or money with this game.The demo is way better.
76561198045011358,Not Recommended,270450,22628872,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Disney Channel Flow!,When i tried playing this game got about 5 minutes into the game and it bricked my computer..... I think it has blown my onboard stereo and microphone aswell.... Gave my computer an epileptic attack.
,Not Recommended,270450,17787480,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,[KE] FearTheReaper,"Community is dead at this point, I suggest not buying this game."
,Not Recommended,270450,19318285,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tunloink,This game is good and fun.But I really just dont recommend buying it.
,Not Recommended,270450,19609213,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,aodhan,this game is the worst game ive ever made the mistake of buying. 1/10 would be generous
76561198161458195,Not Recommended,270450,30679531,Posted: 22 March,all,Pwnzor1643,DO NOT BUY!! This game is terrible . Been trying to get a refund  but they didnt approve of it this is some bs
76561198173107390,Not Recommended,270450,20179137,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,op Jeff,this game sucks
76561197977465982,Not Recommended,270450,18804291,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Epanastasi,Multiplayer wouldn't connect.
,Not Recommended,270450,17347552,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mr Shady Bliss ✪,"The game is loads of fun and the music is great. But the multiplayer sucks so bad. There is only one sever from any location around the world. ONE?! like wtf. Then there will only be one person in that server too.I don't recommend this as, the novalty wears off fast in single player."
,Not Recommended,270450,33379937,Posted: 8 July,all,no more room in heck,Had a seizure
76561198059812489,Not Recommended,270450,20245544,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kikibomb,"The fact that I had to force myself to get atleast 5 miniutes to write a bloomin review for this abomonation is enough to explain that ""DO NOT GET THE GAME... FOOL"""
,Not Recommended,270450,31928534,Posted: 23 May,all,ll,lol funney game recommend for your kids :))
76561198285498755,Not Recommended,270450,32008781,Posted: 27 May,all,dpvdavos345,This game has clunky controls sensitive gameplay and without a zoom in feature it's so impossible to hit your foes. Anyway forget this game I'am going to get other games rather than this trash.
76561198122198460,Not Recommended,270450,18388884,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Commander Cool89,high spec gaming laptop and this game runs terrible on it.
,Not Recommended,270450,20326313,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Johnny,"This game is just black walls with neons --> 25-30 fps in avg. How optimized game... oh wait. I think this tells everything about the developer capabilities... even with a complete engine he can't make a proper game, clap calp"
76561198045737800,Not Recommended,270450,18167302,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Mark,"Game needs more polish. I could see this being fun, even in its current form... but the controls are a little off, the graphics are a little poor, the movement isn't really polished, the lobby is a bit antiquated feeling, etc. Everything just feels like you'd expect from a small indie team trying to do a first person shooter arena game."
76561198056879588,Not Recommended,270450,18164739,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Cicolluis,did the tutorialtried to play online2 seconds in im banned from server for 24 hourswasted my money?look on stem for reviews (keeping my unbiased opnion)sees all the accoladessighsrinserepeat.STEAM!
,Not Recommended,270450,18591300,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Dark Side of the Atom Heart Wall,">Disco Dodgeball>has no actual disco musicTHAT'S FALSE ADVERTISING, SIR."
76561198217422080,Not Recommended,270450,34265814,Posted: 15 August,all,SK | ColdSarah,Big mistake. My short friend told me to get this
,Not Recommended,270450,16711852,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,fruit punch liker,"No local multiplayer.I bought this game under the apparently misguided impression that there would be local multiplayer, but sadly I was disappointed because this could be a fun party game.Very twitchy controls when using a controller, and menu input is rather frustrating due to this fact. It's basically impossible to turn down the controller sensitivity because the game doesn't handle input from a controller very well.This game also apparently does not like it when more than one controller is connected to the PC at once. It doesn't crash, but the game will only accept input from only the most-recently-connected controller.If you're looking for a fun pick-up-and-play couch game you should probably skip this one. This is much more suited to being played online at a desk with a keyboard and mouse."
,Not Recommended,270450,16342680,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,main_gi,"I'd like to rate this game up but I can't do it in good conscience because of a lot of issues that make it frustrating to play the game.Yes, you'll get your money's worth out of it, but if you're playing Multiplayer, it's going to be very inconsistent. If you're expecting a competitive game, this sadly isn't the best game due to that.Because this is a Not Recommended review I'll be posting the negatives before the positives (but after going over the basics) as they are the biggest breakers of the game, and also the fact that most people looking for the negatives of the game will want to see them first. A lot of these issues will be less impactful for newbie players.I have a list of negatives and positives but it's too long to fit in a Steam review, so I've put it in a pastebin file.http://pastebin.com/r7TGpmS6The basic gist of it is that there are 3 horrible mechanics in the game (block/shield/powerups), unbelievable lag, but also has a lot of other good things about the game that evens out the score. Here are the first 3 ""worst negative"" paragraphs:An edit: There is a custom mode creator for the game where you can turn blocks, shields and powerups off. This is good!-- NEGATIVES --The worst issue of the game is the Multiplayer. It's peer-to-peer, so you'll get blatant host advantage. This gets especially worse if the Host player has a high ping to the master server.The host will get uncatchable balls (because you die before you even get in catching range), balls that can get catched even after 2 bounces and maybe worse.However, due to P2P, the host is not the only problem.You will also get more teleporting balls than usual, a longer delay between kills,every player teleports around the map, and so on. This delay is incredibly bad and I play with 30-40 ping. I literally haven't found a worse experience since Contract Wars.But even with a regular host ping, there are still aspects that make it a very infuriating experience. You will get a LOT of teleporting balls, and this is due to Unity physics being non-deterministic. While this may not be something the developer could fix easily, it is still part of the game and has to be mentioned. What this means for you is that every time a ball strikes a surface, it could bounce off to the left side of the arena for one person, and could bounce off to the right for another person.-- OVERALL --Latency and some mechanics will turn the competitive crowd away. The game is great for single experiences but frustrating for anything more.6 / 10"
,Not Recommended,270450,17119352,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,pez,What a waste of $15. Free games like OpenArena and Warsow are much better shooters. This would have been fair at $2 or $3.
,Not Recommended,270450,18405867,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ilovemymom2006,"It's just one of those games where you say ""Meh"""
76561198113597491,Not Recommended,270450,16665094,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SubtleRoar,"This game is an abosltue dumpster fire of lazer lights, wonky controls and irritating music that amalgumates into one of the worst experiences I've ever had with a game on steam. The community is persnickety, especially towards anyone trying to learn the basic fundimentals of the game, the lack of variety makes each game feel vapid and devoid of any substance after the first few matches, and the generic voice triumphantly declaring how you were obliterated certainly doesn't help things. My advice? Go outside, call up a group of your friends and enjoy dodgeball the way it was originally meant to be played."
,Not Recommended,270450,18145902,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,UAEpro,the colors is very bad ... it hurt my lovely eyes :(
76561198011891489,Not Recommended,270450,16630417,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,kmlee5000,It looks ok but  wrong inertia makes bad controls.
76561198165007552,Not Recommended,270450,17681823,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Myguy1000,Worth more like 99 cents. This game is not very good and not worth your money.
,Not Recommended,270450,23513599,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Doge,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING CRAP
,Not Recommended,270450,16510329,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,✪Corwin | CSGOHunt.com,"This guy is legit the worst game I have ever played, the mods come in and kick you and ban you forever if you have an inapropriate word as the name or just saying an inapropriate name."
,Not Recommended,270450,15090664,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,uwotm8,"The multiplayer is dead, so I can't really recommend the game to anyone. It was fun on release, but anyone buying the game now won't get that experience."
,Not Recommended,270450,14768843,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bracket,Cool concept let down by atrocious netcode. Let me know when it's finished.
,Not Recommended,270450,11721320,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Reubensandwichthe1st,"Game is fun for its singleplayer... only. There is no one on the online servers, this game sells it self as a crazy muiltiplayer game, and its hard for that to be true when theres no one playing online. Good game though."
76561198182261563,Not Recommended,270450,15764236,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,matthewflores900,don get this game it is so laggy
,Not Recommended,270450,14729206,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,PiNdA,Fun at first; then gets quickly boring
76561198052714222,Not Recommended,270450,14983237,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Phytophyte,"You roll into the arena. Pulsing lights and thumping music set the tone of the match. Dodgeball. You pick up the ball at your feet and hurl it at an enemy on the other side of the arena. He catches it and you explode.Respawning, you zoom back into the arena. You head for a ball, but the enemy intercepts you. You try to boost away, but your boost meter hasn't fully recharged, so you can't manage the speed. He pegs you and you explode.Return to the arena. You can't see any balls immediately, so you jump up in order to locate one. There's one over there. You spin your wheel as hard as you can, but your trajectory is completely unchangeable once airborn. The enemy easily leads you and you explode.You roll back into the arena. Glancing around reveals that there are no balls nearby for you to pick up. An enemy rounds a corner, ball in hand, and chucks it at you. You try to catch it, but your crosshair wasn't within the few pixels allowed, so you explode instead.You see a ball ahead of you as you leave spawn again. Your wheel nicks a ramp on your way there and sends you floating through the air. Helpless again, the enemy hits you and you explode.You respawn to see a lone ball by the spawn room. You pick it up just as the enemy enters your view with a ball of his own. You launch your ball quickly to get first strike. He blocks it with his ball and smashes you with his own. You explode.You reenter the arena and grab another ball. The enemy approaches with a ball -- the same situation as before. You elect to hold onto your ball to block his shot this time. He hurls his ball at you. You weren't looking at the ceiling, though, so his ball flies right over yours and connects with your face. You explode.You roll into the arena and explode. You didn't see the enemy this time because of all the flashing lights.You trudge back into the arena, infuriated with how little you can do. You attempt a more tactical approach this time, avoiding the enemy and staying evasive until you have the upper hand. After a few minutes of boosting and hiding, the opportunity arrives: he has no ball in his hand and you're approaching his flank. You wind up to throw...and his teammate pegs you and you explode.You slam the escape key six time before your mouse lands upside down on the desk."
,Not Recommended,270450,12851300,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Electric Donkey,"Maybe the realities of latency make it impossible to deliver an accountable experience. In its current state you WILL see the following things happen:Pick up a ball only to have it vanish from your hands a second laterChase the ball after a score in hoops mode only to see it teleport across the arenaAttempt to catch an enemy ball thrown right at your chest and succeed only 50% of the time in spite of spamming M1These problems don't happen in single player (offline) mode, so if you don't mind playing against just bots, this gets a thumbs up.This would probably be great at a LAN party, if those were a thing anymore."
,Not Recommended,270450,13526652,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Justice Pirate,"I found out about this game from the Linux Action Show, I think.  My husband plays games on Linux and I was listening in on the podcast that spoke of it.  I thought it sounded cute.  You throw a glowing ball to a room that goes wild like a disco and you scoot around as a robot just throwing around the ball.  I thought it sounded like a fun deathmatch game.  It got boring fast. I played it a few times for an hour each or so, and then went back to playings games that pique my interest more."
76561198178623699,Not Recommended,270450,14483044,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Green Bastard,Garbage. Control sucks colour palette is exclusively neon. The music selectionis tiny.
76561198254053450,Recommended,270450,30399984,Posted: 8 March,all,lonely man seeking love,ａ ｒ ｔ
76561198177525525,Recommended,270450,30428916,Posted: 10 March,all,hoodie304,"This is a fun game to play if your waiting for a download or something and want maximum internet speed. The offline horde and arcade modes are lots of fun, the game makes you feel like a boss if you make an epic play or do something coool. Multiplauer is alright, some people may lag a bit so it can be a little anoying if you think you hit someone but they lag out of the way."
,Recommended,270450,30379853,Posted: 7 March,all,Wippo,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a fast paced fps dogdeball game. The fast paced gameplay makes the fun and exciting to play. I’ve had and still have fun playing this very colorful game. The graphics are pretty decent, pretty much any computer can play the game.The only downside is that there aren’t really a lot of players playing the game."
,Recommended,270450,30378318,Posted: 7 March,all,$ P▲ C E G O D,ay this game lit lol
,Recommended,270450,30383873,Posted: 7 March,all,Epion,"I've never played such a wonderful and concisely made dodge ball style game. The connectivity is fairly good, and the amount of fun you're having makes any of the VERY few recurring glitches meaningless in the light of all the laughter they cause. 10/10, would have everyone putting their balls on my face again."
76561198308867940,Recommended,270450,30379727,Posted: 7 March,all,joshinault,"I personally love this game, and I reccomend it to anyone who likes Dubstep Dodgeball and Derpiness.  The lights never really bothered me but if they bother you, you can always turn them off in the settings. I highly reccomend getting into name mods just for the point of being able to obliterate familiar names. This game is fun, fast paced and overall charming. If you don't already have this game, I highly reccomend you get it."
,Recommended,270450,10386754,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,StratoSphereTV,It's soooo much fun! DAMN! I picked it up after seing Markiplier/PewDiePie and Cinnamontoastken play it.Holy crap it is fun fun fun!!!! Well worth your 10 euro's/dollars!!! BUY IT NOWWWWWWW
,Recommended,270450,10403142,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Rubber Johnny,"Crazy, hectic, fast-paced fun.A game where robots with moustaches throw balls at other robots with moustaches.It even comes with an addictive, hard-hitting electronic soundtrack.Best $10 I ever spent."
,Recommended,270450,10403656,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,funkyboy1281,Never heard of this game until I saw a stream of it and was instantly hooked. Watched a few youtube videos of it as well and knew it was a must buy which is extremely rare for me seeing as I'm hesitant purchasing early access games. I may have little time played in the game but this game is great. The gameplay is great as well as the awesome soundtrack.  The arena design is really cool especially the way the lighting goes with the beat of the music. So far I'm impressed and will definitely be putting a lot of hours into this game.
76561198087227672,Recommended,270450,10433160,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Scrotum Squasher,"I NEVER GET TIRED OF THIS GAME!! I can log on and boom, instant fun."
,Recommended,270450,10577354,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mudvayne93,"Found this game at pax and met with the developer, who was wearing an epic Discoball shirt! I highly recommend this game as it is fast paced and highly addictive ! I am not a fan of the no dedicated servers but other than that the game is great !"
76561197979059270,Recommended,270450,10111760,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Torinaga,Top kek
,Recommended,270450,9658630,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Calibur,"I wish EVERYONE could have this game its so fun and the music is great it keeps the party rolling, the balls flying, and the robots EXPLODING!!! Its non-stop fun and I recommend it to EVERYONE!!!"
,Recommended,270450,9659462,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Messenger Skytu,Super fun!
,Recommended,270450,9669214,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Kirb,imagine tribes but not tribes at all and its in a nightclub for robots
,Recommended,270450,9673009,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,NotSo,5 words robot roller derby disco dogebalthis game is insanelike me i love it !87/100
76561198070990000,Recommended,270450,9678446,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Harpoon,"This game is the ultimate test of will, power, and determination. As you frantically struggle to survive you must take out your oponents. There are many intense and competitive gamemodes such as basketball and elimination. This game will make a man out of you. Plus there's mustaches."
,Recommended,270450,9680151,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Myster_Twitch,"Hells yeah, makes me wanna yell Shazbot!"
76561198101739666,Recommended,270450,9719102,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,No0ooo0oooo0othing,"This game is visually pleasing in all ways possible and is a good concept for an original fps. The gameplay is good, with a friendly community touch to add to the overall feeling. Although, there arent from what ive seen any official servers, just ones made by the community, but overall, great game buy it have fun, and have some laughs with your friends."
76561198094623952,Recommended,270450,9726020,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Absolute Madman,"It has robots, moustaches, epic music and more, you should buy it."
76561198044690391,Recommended,270450,9745107,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,StarShooter010,Such a great fun game! Love the music! Love the damn gameplay! Its so competitive but yet its so fun! Great game and I highly recommend you get it!
,Recommended,270450,9754801,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,btrue,Really fun and simple game.
,Recommended,270450,9764501,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Wow!,Fun game :)
,Recommended,270450,9780374,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,MasamuneJr,"This is a great mix of three of my favorite thing, robots, catchy music, and dodgeball. This game has got a killer soundtrack and it really fits the mode of the game. The multiplayer is done rather well. Its smooth, intense, and because there is no real advantage on either team its well balanced. The only problem is that the robots are a bit had to control. That might be just me but I realize they are on wheels and it takes some time to slow down. But overall, it's a wonderful game and share it with a few friends."
76561198065467718,Recommended,270450,9781163,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Sassy the Sasquatch,goty
,Recommended,270450,9792977,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,kukokekaki,"This game is EXTREMELY fun! Not considering that it's a ""robot roller-derby disco dodgeball"" kind of game, the soundtrack is awesome, the levels are exciting, the bots are great, there's a pretty good online multiplayer community, it's original, and did I mention it's great fun?! Buy it!"
76561198092511029,Recommended,270450,9841482,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,thiccboibigsmoke,this game is so mada♥♥♥♥ing epic and its toaltaly original and awesome and the price is toatal worth it becouse its a game like no other
,Recommended,270450,9954255,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Foofy Boo,this is probably one of my favorite multiplayer fps yet. it's extremely fast and is pure awesome.
,Recommended,270450,9990569,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Ironbug : The Anarchist Hero,"As crazy as it sounds, and twice as fun!"
,Recommended,270450,9992388,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Pirate GDBLiam,Love it 10/10
,Recommended,270450,17434381,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Tee The GraveWalker,"lots of music...dodgeballs,robots and explosions....micheal bay!"
,Recommended,270450,17379764,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,SwiftRival,"Non-stop dance party of laughter and rage! RRDDD is the perfect game to get a group of people on skype and talk a little trash. It's got a flow and smoothness to it that goes perfectly with the music and pulsing atmosphere. And seriously, dodgeball is one of the great forgotten games of our time! Get this, get your friends, and get pumped!Here's Team DigiFire having a blast with RRDDDin case you wanted to take a look at the game before you grab it up! slightly NSFW, Nico has a bit of a mouth on him lol!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T1TEcy2l4c"
,Recommended,270450,16342393,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lizard Wizard,You can 360 noscope robots like in Carl on Duty10000/10 -IGN
,Recommended,270450,30414889,Posted: 9 March,all,DΛENΘS,"Brilliant gaem, basically if rocket league had music in match, had dodgeball mode, was 1st person and had Counter-Strike: Source graphics.D U B S T E PFun, but hard to learn"
,Recommended,270450,18398043,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Toaster Oven,"You are either really good at this game, or you are terrible. There is no between"
,Recommended,270450,11928195,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sighman,"Love it. Fast-paced, quick matches, online multiplayer, and AWESOME SOUNDTRACK!"
,Recommended,270450,18229959,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,UrsisGladius,"I absolutely love this game. Being able to use your own music really makes the game that much more enjoyable. There are plenty of gametypes if by chance you get bored of one... And there are different things satisfying the type of intensity you want. For me, playing the Challenge Horde mode is actually at least as gripping if not more intense and panic-trash-talk-inducing than DEPTH, a game where you fight SHARKS, or playing as sharks, hunt the humans. Ok? This game is wonderful, I am so glad I bought this game. If you like dodgeball, and music, get this game."
76561198084948799,Recommended,270450,18230021,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,meme lord56,This is Such A great Game.  100%  Recomend that you buy this game it is a whole lot of fun to be had.  Buy it by monday 9/28/15 and its on sale for only $6.
76561198038999383,Recommended,270450,18299396,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Arbitrary Renaissance,"This game is buckets of fun.  I don't even need to explain how or why; there are plenty of videos that elicidate how great it is.  I never play FPS games, but good god! this game is sucking me right in.  Everything everyone has already said about it: soundtrack, graphics, aesthetics, it's all true.The one problem this game faces is that NO ONE IS ♥♥♥♥ING PLAYING THE GAME!  Help make the online community for disco dodgeball grow and buy this.  Please; you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,270450,30567540,Posted: 17 March,all,Muawiyah V.,REALLY NICE GAME. SUPPORT INDIE!
,Recommended,270450,18638016,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mardzj,At first I thought this game was kind of lame but nevertheless decided to purchase it.Not that bad of a decision afterall.Here is why I recommend it:- The game is pretty fun and eliminating someone is pretty rewarding- Music suits the gameplay and the rythm of the game- It's a great game to play with friends if you have any- There are moves to master and skills to acquire so slightly addicting- Constantly changing lights give the game a party-ish vibe which is nice :)
,Recommended,270450,15660057,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,"Hello, food?",10/10 best game
,Recommended,270450,18213722,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,O Soviético ☭,"Even though it has few players and the servers are a tiny bit far (from South America), it's still one of the most entertaining games I have ever played. Fun game modes, smart bots, great sound and style."
,Recommended,270450,18262521,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Satanic | SpykillerXD,Buy the GOD DAMM THING
,Recommended,270450,18275544,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Shure,"What a fantastic game.It might not seem like much, with the weird title and screenshots, but it is so much fun. Kills are satisfying, the gameplay is great, the concept just works.If you're on the fence, try the free demo and see for yourself. And of course that is just single player, things get even better in multiplayer.It is worth every penny. I can hardly believe this is made by 1 guy, and he is so hands on with everything, feedback, updates, helping players, ... This game is like his baby and you can tell he cares."
76561198044962529,Recommended,270450,18280629,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,I'm Poppy,"Friends, not friends, other people. Buy this goddamn game now. I don't care if you don't have any money, bought another great game. Got scammed trying to watch better porn. Maybe you spent far too much money on Team fortress, or you simply just don't want a game like this [You do].In what other game do you play as a robot, dunking balls on other robots with dodgeballs and disco music and lights and powerups and competent AI and robust aiming mechanics and cool movement and interesting game modes with many ways to kill your opponents and far too many ands. Also, disco.It's great fun, even the offline mode[I've played mostly that because I suck] is great. So.. buy it.. Sell♥♥♥♥♥♥and buy it."
,Recommended,270450,18254211,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,The Absolute Madman,"The title of this game explains it all. If this isnt the best game in history, I dont know what is."
76561198159568572,Not Recommended,270450,18221190,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,G minority,"This game was fun until they released that update. I mean, it was actually playable before the update. Now, the game is basically dying a slow, painful, 15 FPS, death."
,Recommended,270450,18179946,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,dance [a word],GOOD
,Recommended,270450,18209318,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Toasted,"This game is perfect for what it is, and it is what it says it is."
76561197976733585,Recommended,270450,17782842,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Tex,This game is so fun! More people need to play it.
76561198150579048,Recommended,270450,17631369,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Diversespider,This game is awesome. So many intense battle with freinds. Fast-Paced action. If you like fast-Paced action shotter then this is your game!-Diversespider
,Recommended,270450,17720087,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Nuk3,Needs more people but good game
,Recommended,270450,17536520,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineRobot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is one of those games that grabs you by surprise. You first try it out and don't expect really expect much out of it but then you look and it's been almost 30 minutes since you started throwing glowing balls at robots with mustaches.Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is seriously an addicting game and a true indie gem!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
,Recommended,270450,17164820,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Fancyboom9004,10/10
,Recommended,270450,17498161,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,NatTheGnat,1v1 me in score battle m9
,Recommended,270450,17600276,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FealtyGaming,"This is a great game. It has great music, gameplay, and graphics. It is like the games of old where you queue up and just play some PVP... but has many ties to new age style and graphics. This is a great game to have on your HD. It will either fill in the gaps when you need breaks from other games or very well can hold its own as a main game. Check it out you will not be let down. The only downside is that Controller funtionality is a little blah. Sometimes when i open the game on my PC it does not recognize that I have an xbox 360 controller connected. It takes multiple restarts to get the game to recognize the controller. The though is an often experienced occurence from many games that say they have controller functionality... So I do not feel it is grounds to not recommend the game and for sure is a fixable issue. So please to check out the game I really enjoyed every second of played game time and think you will too! Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,270450,17608036,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,saltydolphin \/ flight club,"Who doesnt love robot, dogeballs and an epic soundtrack I would give this a 9/10 would recommend this to anyone that is just looking for somthing fun to and or do with friends. The grapic are not the best but better than most games out there and I think the sound track makes up for that."
76561197971851327,Recommended,270450,17618978,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,"His Majesty, the Lord of Space","amazing arena fun, amazing soundtrack"
,Recommended,270450,30515236,Posted: 14 March,all,2rad4rio,"Did daft punk make this game? They literally have a song name robot rock,if that's song name is not fitting, then nothing is."
76561198027950700,Recommended,270450,15658492,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ThreeToad,"Simple and fun....good tight game play, and having only one shot and having to chase down another ball keeps the action tense...music is pretty annoying but it has playlist option...EDIT: And it's the only game that still makes me curse out loud"
,Recommended,270450,16282880,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Nomad,This game and its soundtrack are amazeballs
,Recommended,270450,16286094,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,GeneParmesan,"Player counts are pretty low, and there's some jankiness with the hit detection and desync, but it's hard to beat in the style and fun departments. Plenty of MP game modes, and a suprisingly engaging SP section. Would certainly recommend at any price point."
,Recommended,270450,16286269,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,p0nd,probabaly one of the best games to play while on an acid trip 10.5./10
,Recommended,270450,16333402,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Gunmetal Buffalo,"I can never decide if I recommend this game or not.I want to love it. I mean, look at that trailer, it's glorious.The actual game is just as awesome as you'd imagine, with a fantastic soundtrack.That said, I absolutely hate playing this game.I've never got a ball when I want/need one, when I finally get a ball half the time I'm hit in the ""legs"" or otherwised insta-killed from offscreen. When I throw my precious ball, I virtually always miss. My one shot, my one offensive ability, now gone. Not only that, but it was my shield too. My only hope is to dodge or catch everything everything that comes flying my way.The AI is particularly annoying, for running in a straight line toward the nearest dodgeball and then completely whiffing it across the map. Most of the time they don't even try to hit you, it's more like they're trying to play keep-away more than dodgeball. When they randomly flip into ""kill mode"", they grab a ball and rush you. They'll get right up in your face and tag you around your ball, or right after you throw. They'll grab a ball right as you go to pick it up and then hit you with it. They get so close that the ball bounces off of you and right back into their hands, so they're prepped to kill you again as soon as you spawn.Actually, that's a problem with the game in general. There's spawn protection, but when you/your team die, the other team has time to go collect balls to prepare for your next life. You emerge and have to hunt down a ball, they've already got one and all they have to do is run you down and kill you again.The movement system works well, but it takes some getting used to. It should go without saying that I am not used to it. Instead of moving around the space as you would in a first person shooter, you press the direction you want to move in and you just keep moving that way until you change directions or run into something. It makes sense for the avatars we control, and works pretty well, but if you try to play this like it's a first person shooter and move as such, you're gonna have a bad time.And that's really the crux of it.I want to recommend this to *you*, but *I* have a bad time every single time I boot this game up.On an intellectual level I understand that I'm taking the game too seriously, I'm being too competitive, and I need more practice to become comfortable with the controls. Please stay out of the comment section, there's absolutely nothing you could say about this game that would improve my personal experience with it. I'm not interested in anyone's feedback on my feedback.Just suffice to say that it's a damn fine party game, and you'll probably enjoy it *way* more than I do."
76561198107905331,Recommended,270450,16404464,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ProudSwedes,Friendship Breaking Simulator.10/10 IGN
,Recommended,270450,16405443,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zippy_62,"Really fun, lasers, dank wobs and the dev is cool."
76561198088716410,Recommended,270450,17452852,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Frost_coyote,Amazingly fun worth the money. Greatf you want fast pase quick game.
76561198101743132,Recommended,270450,16059745,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Breezo,"1 hit people in the FACE2 laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off when he yells ""THATS'A'ONE SICY MEATBALL""3 Get friends to play AFTER youve gotten kinda good to brag at them and 360 the while mid air half way acrosss the map.10 SPICY MEATBALLS/10 SPICY MEATBALLS"
76561198138255777,Recommended,270450,16089955,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,VapoR,"This game is hilariously fun. I cannot think of a single reason on why this game is bad. Multiplayer is fun, fast-paced, and non-stop. The only complaint is that the movement after jumping is hard and slow, but every other thing in this game outclasses that. 100% worth the $15."
,Recommended,270450,16754544,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Omega Pegasi,"An Honest Review:Imagine yourself playing the game you're most addicted to, then multiply that by your age. RR-DDD is one of the most addicting games I've found. If you're not in it for the multiplayer fun, bring some friends over and try tackling your arcade high score. I definitely reccomend a desktop computer equipped with a subwoofer to really pump out the intense tracks this game offers. Not a fan of the music? RR-DDD offers the ability to use your own music to rock out to in .ogg or .wav format (Yes a pain to do, I know, but worth it).To sum up,Pros: An amazing first person dodgeball shooter that has been continously getting updates.Cons: Due to it's Indie-ness the amount of players currently online and locally hosted servers are slim. I usually catch ~30 people on US East"
,Recommended,270450,16661160,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Skyminigames,"Okay this will be one of my first legitiment reviews.Pros:Awesome MusicAwesome GameplayVariaty of server locationsMany GamemodesCons:No offline multiplayerOccasional random lagNeutral:Player Host serversThat's all I can provide, but, awesome game. I reccoment that you do get it."
,Recommended,270450,16464697,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Slight Defect,Pretty fun game if you want to seize over and get hit in the robo face with a ball.
,Recommended,270450,16449978,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KringusMingus,Very simple with great controls and great music extremely fun with friends. 10/10
,Recommended,270450,16453408,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Great Ladsby,"There is a drug out there. It's strong, quick, and intense. It sits within your veins, and takes control. You become a tyrant of movement. Your brain produces the most incredible music, as your hands grasp around the wonderful feeling of the drug. Nothing matters when you take it. You are nothing but a sack of skin and bones, with no purpose. No purpose but to play dodgeball. So how about it? Want to try?"
76561198043567412,Recommended,270450,16453831,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Quikrix,"Disco Dodgeball takes dodgeball to whole new level with amazingly catchy music and really easy to pick up play! The game is a arena based FPS where the dodgeball are your weapons with all hits being one-hit-kills. Kills can be either achieved by hitting an enemy or catching an enemy's ball.Pros-Simple concept, but very addictive-Various gamemodes, to keep it fresh-Great Singleplayer modes (Arcade, Challenge, Bot Match etc)-Amazing music-Customisation of your bot-Easy to pick and play-Fast-paced-Not graphic intensitiveCons-None, expect it being very addictive!"
,Recommended,270450,16454193,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BrolsoN,"Awesome game to have a killer time with friends, although very competitive. Do not try and have competitions with certain individuals if you hope to stay friends with them. Also, soundtrack is top notch.69/10 for sure."
76561198068208518,Recommended,270450,16455593,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Paul Plasmus,Good game. Too lazy to write more.
,Recommended,270450,16455918,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Yashabo,"This game is going to get a lot of play time from me I can already tell after an hour as long as the player base stays healthy. This is a fun, Casual, Arena based FPS. This is up there for me with games like Altitude and Air Buccineers that has a great concept and easy learning curve and the games are quick so you can just hope on whenever youre bored and play a match or two. but its addicting so you end up playing 10 or 20 matches lol. Definately get this if it looks interesting to you."
,Recommended,270450,16431306,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Tight controls, pretty good physics for throwing/maneuvering, consistent frames, and oh yeah, robots with mustaches killing each other to one of the best gaming soundtracks ever.If that doesn’t get you psyched for this game then at least the 50% off sale price as part of the Monster Summer Sale should.  Definitely an enjoyable multiplayer game, and it’s family friendly as well so don’t worry, this game won’t appear on the list of games that your parents are preventing you from playing due to violence or mature subject matter content (and if you’re a parent and on Steam, grab some copies of this game for you and yours and get ready for techno-stache action!)."
76561198172597049,Recommended,270450,16434712,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Alto ΣΩΣ,Good game
,Recommended,270450,16442097,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Phyreburn,"This game is simple, but amazing.  Seriously, just buy it."
,Recommended,270450,19826854,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Robotlegs,My friends hate me now. :(
76561197973389596,Recommended,270450,19806121,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Fuinelen,"It's a lot more fun than it sounds. If you are looking for a ""different"" type of First Person Shooter and have friends to play with, then try this out.  Sadly the servers are pretty much empty (8 players all in all today), so you really need a four-pack (or two) and people to play with if you don't want to play versus bots (although those are halfway decent).Really sad that it flies under the radar"
76561198084606615,Recommended,270450,19943157,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dank Gank,Excellent game with great bots and great servers.
,Recommended,270450,19941962,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jim Kong Un,10/10 i would fap to this again :)
,Recommended,270450,17882885,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Palestinians? In my holy land?,Came for the name.Stayed for the game.
76561198142180658,Recommended,270450,19929292,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,gibalsandwich,"This game is flashy, funky and above all fun. I suck at it but things get that hectic, and it being one-hit-kill, I still get to pull off a few decent kills in a match (and while I'm not that way inclined myself, this might be the reason there is a massive lack of 12 year olds showing off all the naughty four letter words they've learned).The community deserve a massive shoutout here too - good natured and helpful, which in my experience is a rareity (or maybe it isn't and these folks just have the patience of Job!) The people who have lots of hours under their belt tend to be exceptionally good - but as mentioned above the nature of the game means you still have a fighting chance, normally the big difference is the points you get from trick shots. Killing lots and dying lots seem to be par for the course - just about how stylishly you can do it!I've had this game for a while, played some on Windows and only just got it working on Linux. I was expecting there to be a player base, it is on sale every now and again and it is the sorta thing that is fun to play with a bunch of mates over skype, but what I was really surprised about is that the devs not only made a bunch more content but STILL are making content for it!I'd say this game is well worth the asking price, if it is on any kind of sale I'd say grab a 4 pack - your friends will love you for it and you'll get a giggle out of it yourself. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,270450,20008343,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,President Spooks,"Friends got me to buy this game last night. After 45 minutes of playing it with them, I can say this...It's pretty good 10/10 would miss 90% of all throws again."
,Recommended,270450,20015311,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Duck,10/10 will play after smoking again
,Recommended,270450,19992933,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HawianCheeseball,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball (try saying that 3 times fast!) is a great game. A variety of game modes, cool collectibles to customise your robot and an amazing soundtrack that'll make you want to rock out!However, there is one downside. When you join a server, most of the time it wont be full. This is due to the lack of players. This game is really fun to play if people actually play it. So go ahead! Buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,270450,20019831,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Br☮ther Bill,"Interesting game, it just isn't fun,, and it really isn't competitive either."
,Recommended,270450,20035588,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gerard Joling,Great arcade game that requires a lot of skill to be good.
,Recommended,270450,20037539,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FlameS / Nolan,Very fun easy to learn game
,Recommended,270450,20238995,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Duckbutter,"Simplicity, simplicity, simplicity.  It's a fun ""arcade-esque"" shooter that's best played with friends.  Don't expect the Mona Lisa (especially since you didn't pay a Mona Lisa price).  Techno soundtrack, neon flashing lights, mustaches.  If these things you like, I'll see you in game."
,Recommended,270450,20641075,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,YGBHawk,"An amazing game, perfect hit box. No body plays online, my thought is the game was over priced. £5 would be great, i waited for a steam sale good enough so i could buy this. Its the only thing letting it down."
76561198081656330,Recommended,270450,20365831,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,tick1324,`
,Recommended,270450,20482036,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Katzenkinder,You play as ROBOTS with SNARKY MUSTACHES and it is an all around good time. The people I've played with are super chill and this game needs a larger player base. The music is fun and it's so fun. I haven't even had it for a week and I love it
,Recommended,270450,20459033,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shotgun Wopp [GONE SEXUAL],This♥♥♥♥♥♥cray
,Recommended,270450,20460039,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Colon Dee,"If a potato could throw doge at other people, then this game could exist. This is my logic."
76561198083081151,Recommended,270450,20460754,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mozley♛,"THIS GAME IS A HIDDEN GEM!!!!! I got this game in the sales thinking ""oh dodgeball, should be a fun game to play for an hour""... I...was...wrong. Not only it's dodgeball, the audio is great and gives you adrenaline to do a ton of trick shots. I finally got my friends to play it and I'll be playing this game a lot! HIDDEN GEM"
76561198198543054,Recommended,270450,20368550,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,justin cuervo fucked Paige,Hi. I picked this game up on sale for around 10$ and let me tell you.... this game is so much fun. Highly reccomend it`
76561197969343713,Recommended,270450,14038627,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Xanasten,fuggin rad
,Recommended,270450,14039134,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tzarium,"About fifty times better than the title, which is saying something."
76561198111557361,Recommended,270450,13963943,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Faowin,"Big heads, much fun. 10/10"
,Recommended,270450,13954769,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,KGeedorah,You won't regret it.
,Recommended,270450,13946294,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Dokvald,"I've been putting off getting this game for way to long. Grabbed it the other day after playing the demo (which includes the multiplayer btw). All I can say is I havn't been happier with a game purchase in a long time. So heres a quick break down as to why.Pros:-The music is fantastic lots of high energy up beat techno that feels right at home in this game (Also the levels will pulse with color in time with the music.-Controls are very responsive and simple. also Your robot will keep moving until you break or change direction. allowing you to look around with changing direction.-Very polished, More so then most finished AAA games.-Free demo that allows you to play multiplayer-Full custom keybinding-Tons of levels-Tons of modes (TDM, CTF, Keep away, derby race, basketball, horde, endless tournament and more)-Mustasches-Loads of trick shots and combos-Excellent dodgeball mechanics-Power ups (boomerang ball, fireball, big ball, jetpack, lazor ball and so on.)-Is 'joy inducing' a feature i can point out?-All the other excellent stuff i can't even think ofCons:-Your not playing it yetI have 600-some games on my steam acct. This one, This one right here is one of my new favorite games of all time. You are doing yourself and Gaming as a medium a huge disservice by not buying this game."
76561198092385024,Recommended,270450,14235548,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,fidget spinner,"It is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, but you should add the ability to add your own music from YouTube links. If you did that, it would be P E R F E C T. <3"
76561198055438976,Recommended,270450,14226427,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mathern,"Guys I really like this game. Whether I am playing online or I am playing horde or some other challenge. I like knowing I'm ranked 15th on Arena and other stuff while also just trying to have fun. When I get into it the entertainment value is worth it.I only have one complaint: FREE DLC SOUNDTRACK! That would be pretty sweet. Still the game can just be left open in the background so still not that big of a deal, just a little inconvinent.I would gladly pay double for this."
76561198116102842,Recommended,270450,14002840,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Whaleman,Holy holes! This game is the best. No regrets buying it! Five Stars! If only advertising was put into it!
,Recommended,270450,14004174,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Captain Taco,Look.  I played two hours when I had many other obligations waiting.  I bought this thing.  I sunk two hours into it.  I didn't even notice it go by.Buy this.  Buy it for your friends.  Throw balls at their face.  It's great.
,Recommended,270450,14005894,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Poost,"Ricochet for the 21st century!   Such a simple idea, but the execution is spot on.  The pulsating levels, the intense soundtrack, interesting player movement, dodgeball physics; they all work together to make a great multiplayer package.  I HIGHLY recommend you give this a try."
,Recommended,270450,14015848,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dawnspooker,It's pretty damn good.
,Recommended,270450,30498157,Posted: 13 March,all,Jocu,GG Lads
76561198064474532,Recommended,270450,15480808,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,christoph,You'll never have a bad time on this game. The music and fast paced gameplay make this game exciting and gives it a really fun vibe.
76561198037861641,Recommended,270450,15615115,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Penten56,"you enter the club the lights bouncing along to the music "" This is great "" you say to yourself as you Step to the floor all of a sudden you relize your in a ball pit oh sweet my childhood is coming back wait why is that guy coming toward me he has a a FireBall???? THIS IS WAR grab the ball and take out your enemies as you ride along on your wheel yes wheel you are a rolling robot with just one wheel is this techno hellPros- Fun Dodgeball gameplay with interesting machanics- Arcade mode makes for a great time if your all alone like me- multiplayer is fun and responsive- Great arcade feel- Good community although 2 small-Level means playtime not skill or unlocksCons- Small online community- Catches are all luck based due to differance in connections- A boring mode called grand prix avoid it- No Workshop ( though he says he is working on it ) :)all in all 7/10 on this game i would recommend"
,Recommended,270450,15660893,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,4PianoOrchestra,HOLY MOTHER OF F ING GOD I BOUGHT THIS GAME 4 HOURS BEFORE IT WENT ON SALE10/10
,Recommended,270450,15653097,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Slowhand,"This game is really incredible. The music, the mechanics, and the massive energy really make for a great experience.And the latest update in which Erik updated the game to Unity 5 is beyond impressive. The smoothness and visuals are massively upgraded in a fantastic way and I give so much credit for that.Strongly strongly recommend this game"
76561198027374663,Recommended,270450,15646811,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,GARBAGE DADDY,Could the name be any better? Could this GAME be any better? Good lord this is amazing.
76561198072594084,Recommended,270450,15715435,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Monkeyman4fun,I really enjoy this game! The soundtrack is enjoyable and the gameplay is simplistic but addicting enough to keep you playing.
76561198012337520,Recommended,270450,14996234,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,HAPPY COWS!!,Approved 100 % amazing
,Recommended,270450,14978010,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,_hael,"First off I'll start this review by saying: this game is the meaning behind the name ""Panic! At The Disco""!Now that's out of the way I will actually review the game.I saw this game when it was on sale and, after consulting the World Wide Web, I decided to buy it.  I played it for a few hours, instead of doing homework, and I adored this game.  The music is great, the gameplay is great and the graphics look like you're at a monster raving doom party!This is one of my favourite games ever!  With a kind and supportive community and reflex improving gameplay this should be played by everyone!Pros:-Great music-Fast and action-packed rounds-Great for procrastination use-Interesting Power-ups-Unique graphics-You can make the game play your own music-I can make PATD references-Nice communityCons:-In multiplayer the hits often lag (this makes it unclear if you have hit the opposition or not)-After a while the build-in music can become repetitive-No workshop support-Lack of a tool to make mapsSide Effects:-You may want to smash your keyboard at first, same goes for your mouse!-You may, when dodging dodgeballs, actually duck in real life (this has happened to me)Conclusion:This is a fantastic game!  Just buy it!!!"
76561198091687647,Recommended,270450,15775961,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Subzero_David,"Spawned, made a sick shot, felt like an MLG player, died instantly. 10/10 Would get overconfident again."
,Recommended,270450,15300635,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Mjdog96,Last one left on my team. 4 players left on the other team. Get boomerang ball. Captain Murica 4 the win. One man army. So much better than CS:GO.-/10 IGN - Too much lights to review
,Recommended,270450,16264324,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Daxtron2,♥♥♥♥♥s dope yo.
,Recommended,270450,15819285,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Spoopy_Haus,"DiscosDodgeballsRobotsRoller-DerbiesAdd in awesome music, super fast paced gameplay, and a great concept for an arena fps(type) game, and here you have it.10/10 would dodge a wrench again"
,Recommended,270450,15931588,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Matoro Zeliph,Needs more peeps playing this game! It's freakin fun! Simply better than instagib!
,Recommended,270450,15672229,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Hold onto your butts,Amazin
,Recommended,270450,16435881,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mattnificent,The title says it all.
76561198042462583,Recommended,270450,16436272,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SmexyCow,"It's like middle-school dodgeball but you actually stand a chance against the athletic kids.No but seriously, this game has great music, pretty but simplistic visuals, and the gameplay is some of the funnest I've had in years. And for $7 you have to try it out."
,Recommended,270450,16438803,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MechThumbs,THIS GAME IS SO BEAUTIFUL!!
76561198042536238,Recommended,270450,16439139,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Spooky Hjke,100/10 Spooky Hjke Approved
76561197991826653,Recommended,270450,16711951,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Alexander Ovechkin,"Awesome game. There is a ton of big play potential, even for new players. Also the best soundtrack I've heard in a while."
,Recommended,270450,16713561,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,-Xplicit-,I don't usually review games so ill keep this short and sweet.This game is fast paced with great music.I absolutely recommend this to anyone that loves EDM and want's a chill game to play with some other people and just have a good time. It get's VERY intense and the game modes keep everything fresh. It also has an amazing community!
76561198001509902,Recommended,270450,16711902,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Aquaman,"While this game at first glance may seem like it's trying too hard to be ""random"" and pander to little kids, it actually plays well and is definitely worth a shot. My only complaint right now is that there are not enough players, although it's never so bad that you can't find a game. Music is pretty cool too."
76561198238484146,Recommended,270450,18327058,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,^^OJorndel,Love the hits and robot rollar breaking apart
,Recommended,270450,14637722,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ofensticks,"Fun instagib shooter that is easy to learn, but hard to master, especially techniques like blocking or catching balls. It has a lot of interesting and diverse game modes and also an awesome soundtrack!"
76561198002110615,Recommended,270450,14639109,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,bratz,"I've played this game for about 2-3 hours today, and I have never been more satisfied with a game in its price range before. (except for the binding of isaac) The game is strangely addictive, the colors and all kinda gets me pumped. I bought the 4player pack and played it with my friends and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what a blast we had.I find some kind of similarity between this and Mario kart. Both of them will ruin your friendship.10/10 Would lose friends and win games again"
76561198088034397,Recommended,270450,14640576,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Beast,"My current thoughts 2.7 hours in - SO SIMPLE YET SO FUN!The game is easy to get into, runs great and gameplay wise is challenging and rewarding.Despite me saying it is challenging don't be put off though, if you are a casual player you'll fit in fine, had some minor issues which didn't really ruin the game significantly, and will hopefully be fixed soon.This is a great game for a bit of fun in your free time, definately will be playing this quite a bit."
76561198050031797,Recommended,270450,14641540,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TC Gaming is for Fun,"Gotta tell ya, definitely a fun game. It is physics based so it is very realistic in concerns of how the ball is thrown, and the way that you play. I like this game already. I plan on streaming it and playing it for along time. Definitely one I would recommend. I am 22 and my inner kid has come out playing this game because I remember how it was back in school playing dodgeball. HAHA."
76561198102313677,Recommended,270450,14641751,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Chuck Mangione,"So this is what happened to Studio 54.........If you enjoy gaming with friends or strangers, you must get this game.  Easy to figure out, bright colors, great music, and mindlessly addicting.  Did I mention that there are robots playing dodgeball?"
,Recommended,270450,14491202,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,swarley,Great stuff!  Reminds me of early Quake 2 & Half-Life mods.  Really creative.
,Recommended,270450,14415558,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,alkazar,Too much fun!
76561198069258712,Recommended,270450,14523981,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MarBo,"Game is really upbeat, somewhat challenging, and it has the best music ive ever listened to"
,Recommended,270450,14596457,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sassy Lassie,This game is good at being what it is. Soundtrack is kinda low on tracks.
12345678910055555,Recommended,270450,14600903,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,I Am The W1zard,the game is fun but gets boring at few hours.its cool game and i like it but didnt get what i expected.
,Recommended,270450,14601047,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Remy,"The best dodgeball video game since Super Dodgeball. Tight controls, great soundtrack, lots of game modes, and practically infinite fun."
,Recommended,270450,14590209,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Osmosis Jones,Music=10/10Gameplay=10/10Trick$hot$=10/10Noice game rated by our gr8 lord and saviour Gaben#YOLOSWAG9/11
,Recommended,270450,14601718,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,atilasms,"Robots. Disco. DodgeBall. What else do you need to have a great time?The game itself looks kinda simples, but it has something that keeps me playing over and over and over again. Has some nice single player features, but it's much better enjoyed in Multiplayer mode.Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,270450,14627449,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,incontrol,10/10
,Recommended,270450,14628052,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Oskies Magnet,Cheaper than cocaine and same effect. 10/10 I'll take drugs again.
,Recommended,270450,14629641,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,xerox,So much fun.  I wish I didnt have to work tomorrow. Just a good fast scrimmage game where you get to fight friends and enemy robots.
76561198014961305,Recommended,270450,14630177,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,WidowSkunk,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is SO FUN
,Recommended,270450,14630198,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MotivatedLandTurtle,This game doesnt look like much but its freaking amazing online or ofline its great! Robots + EDM + Flashing Lights + Dogeball! what else could you want
76561198070409957,Recommended,270450,14630170,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Flavor Flav,Its real good. Get it.
76561198067921496,Recommended,270450,14631455,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,mutantmodeler,"First I would like to say that I normally do not like first person shooters. With that said, this game is very, VERY fun game to play. It is very fast paced, matches are usually quick and then the teams get switched around again. I like that so the good players aren't on the same team every time, I say this cause I pretty much suck. I still love this game and find it very fun. I also like that it is very casual and light. You can jump in a match, play for 10 minutes then log off. There are also a lot of different matches that can be played, everything from team elimanation to free for all maddness to a twist game combining dodgeball and basketball.If you seen some videos and was thinking this game and looks cool, get it.If you like first person shooters, get it.If you don't like first person shooters, get it.If your looking for a casual you can have fun with after playing hours of something else, get it.If you like having fun, get it, get it, get it, GET IT!!!!!"
76561197981336383,Recommended,270450,14617080,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Beavis,Everything about this game is amazing!!
,Recommended,270450,14603566,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Disaster Prone,"What is there not to love? Fun multiplayer gameplay, great music, and the robots have moustaches! I instantly loved this game."
,Recommended,270450,14605964,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lil pump,This is great. Get it. It's something that you need in your steam library.
76561198178969299,Recommended,270450,14606649,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,klobb Doctor,Really fun...  i get sweaty when i play and yell...
,Recommended,270450,14658510,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,COJACK101,great short game to kill time playing. It is relatively new so there are a few bugs but it is extremely fun!
,Recommended,270450,14659333,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,X-pert Bandit,So damn good that it should have it's own competitve esports scene.Just play it pls.You will understand.
76561197979902047,Recommended,270450,14661369,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dystopian,"Robot Violence, Roller-Derbies, Discos, and Dodgeball are all making a comeback this year.Interesting to note, the dash between 'Roller' and 'Derby' actually splits up the title into the two main aspects of the game: Robot Rollers and Derby Disco Dodgeball. Robot Rollers are the players, Derby Disco Dodgeball is the arena... Illuminati descriptions.(Also, this music is great to play at parties)"
76561198015353826,Recommended,270450,14661526,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,MYNameIsKy13,10/10
,Recommended,270450,14665437,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,1stChois,I don't think there has ever been a game that made me♥♥♥♥♥as hard as this one.
,Recommended,270450,14683602,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,YOU SMART,"This is a really fun game, you can enjoy it alone or with friends. (I recommend having a friend or two to play with)It's simplistic but so so satisfying. It's basically robot carnage to the beat of 4 or 5 disco/techno songs. Easy to jump right in to, easy to enjoy."
76561198081579718,Recommended,270450,14685154,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Manuel Calavera,Don't be put off by the premise. It's actually a really fun and addictive game. Kinda like TF2 while high. On LSD. As a robot.
,Recommended,270450,14692950,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nigga Dave,"10/10, would get killed by killer roller-derby robots again."
,Recommended,270450,14697806,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Strafen Nathan,"ROBOT ROLLER DURBY DISCO DODGEBALL!!!Okay now that is done. I got this game when it was still in beta, then even rough it was still fun, easy to get into, and very entertaining.; now its even better than before. The sound track is simply amazing and amplifies the fun and hype in the game. I saw it finally in store and just had to buy it.It is a must get if you are a fan of arcade style multiplayer game."
,Recommended,270450,14697914,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MANS NOT HOT,its sooooooo good
,Recommended,270450,14676981,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,MrPillow,"Very fun, fast paced frantic arcade shooter.You are playing a game of dodgeball as a robot that moves via an unicycle. You race through colorful, neon levels while listening to some great chiptune and what I think would be properly categorized as dubstep music (Alright, so I'm not exactly into the electronic music scene but I'm pretty sure that's what some of the tracks qualify as :P ).The gameplay is actually pretty fun. You start off 'empty handed' so to speak. This is dodge, which I presume you, the reader, are familiar with. You must pick up a dodgeball laying around the map and then throw it at the enemy to kill them. Stand wasd and mouse left click controls. Only other gameplay buttons are shift for 'sprint' and 'e ' for breaks. I saw an option for gamepad controls in the menu, though I haven't personally played it to see how it felt.Because you are on an unicycle, you 'slide' so to speak. If you've played Gotham City Impostors, the effect is comparable to using the roller skates perk on that game. Acceleration and inertia are big parts of the game, which I like. Even with the simplicity of the game, it makes positioning important, forcing you to think of where you are gonna position yourself several movements in advance. You generally have time to dodge onscreen dodgeballs hurled at you, and have a variety of strafing options. Basic 'A-D' strafing is more effective in this game than in most modern online FPS, with sprinting giving you enough to make those twitch last second dodges and even flank behind your opponent before they turn around. Another one of the mechanics I enjoy is that you can sprint AND shoot at the same time. This makes for very good ganks out of nowhere, and enjoyable surprises.One thing I dislike is the jumping. Jumping is VERY floaty, hard to control, and takes awhile to land, making jumping pretty ineffective in terms of strafe and even considerably linear in its aspects of platforming.While this further raises the importance of positioning, I still feel like the tradeoff overall lowers the skill ceiling. The complexity of predicting your opponent's shot/strafe is reduced because jumping out of the way of balls/jumping into a good angle is extremely situational.There are a variety of enjoyable game modes. FPS staples sucha s TDM, FFA, CTF are of course in. My personal favorite is Team Hoops, in which there is a golden ball in the middle that's basically a basketball. There are two baskets on each side, and you gotta score a shot while not getting killed. Who knew dodgeball combined with basketball could be so great? Others include Grand Prix (in which 'checkpoints' appear over the map, one at a time. Running through a checkpoint scores your team a point), Super Score TDM (in which points are only awardaed for trick shots, ie double kill, killing sprees, midair shots, ricochet shots, etc.), and more.Bots are a toggable option to even out teams or if you want to play by yourself.The netcode doesn't seem too great (sometimes you'll pick up a ball but someone else picked up the ball on their screen before their computer got that you picked it up, causing you suddenly to be castrated and them ready to kill you, presumably since both of you had to be close to the ball in question for this situation to occur) but overall it gets the job done. Host-based and this is early access so I predict this getting better.Overall, this is a fun game. I do recommend it, even though it's a steep price point ($15). If on sale, it's a must grab but at default price I would definitely watch some videos to make sure this is a game you think is worth the investment."
,Recommended,270450,14679357,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,xydgnx,The only thing wrong with this game is that it's not popular enough.
,Recommended,270450,14557147,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Orglebrash Devourer of Kittens,"This game makes me feel so mlg.  Like, I wanna go buy doritos and montain dew right now.  That's how mlg this game makes you feel."
76561198004895838,Recommended,270450,14560946,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Wargasm,"It feels like dodge ball, i like balls..."
,Recommended,270450,14561111,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,LUDICROUS,"This game is very fun, the rules are relistic to real dodgeball (excluding powerups, robots and etc) It's addicting and compettitive and very fun with or without friends. The multiplayer gameplay is super fun and the arcade is also very fun! My only problem with this game is the music, im not saying that the music is bad because it is very fitting and it makes you feel pumped up and happy, however after a while of playing this game the music becomes repetitive and boring. A solution to this is to simply play your own music instead so overall this game is very awesome c:"
76561198076895781,Recommended,270450,14581305,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Petacho,"""Your mother was a toaster""10/10"
,Recommended,270450,19045392,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,RatX7,"Amazing music, Amazing scenes, and another great addition for a LAN playlist, or a drinking game."
,Recommended,270450,19040779,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,DeedudeDee,"I bought it on a sale and my computer sucks 3 fps, so I can't play it. I've seen gameplay and it looks good so buy it if you want :/"
,Recommended,270450,19002031,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,WAMCrash,"You get rekt by your friends in real life dodgeball and now your sad. I was an adventurer like you once, but then I took a ball to the face.Now you wish you could release your stress and anger but have no way to do it.Out of nowhere you pull $14.99 bucks right out of your wallet, or purse, or something you use money with...This random guy on the community makes this review and now you want to buy the game to rekt people like your actually doing it in real life.That my friend, is the sound of success, or I mean... Explosions, and robot particles going everywhere.If this didn't help you, then think about this. Terrorists fighting U.S Military soldiers using dodgeballs. Then make an armistice, blah blah blah, then do this and sign that, then they never throw dodgeballs at each others faces.#the end."
,Recommended,270450,30492005,Posted: 13 March,all,scoot,10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,270450,14725669,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tumbi,"OMG HE DID A HELICOPTER SHOT, NO WAY"
,Recommended,270450,14728977,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,redcona,"10/10 ""swank"""
,Recommended,270450,15150405,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,jarisky,"This game reminds me a lot of Quake 3. It's enjoyable in short bursts, basically a fast-pased FPS but with a twist due to the physics of rolling and projectile curvature. Super fun though the physics are a bit hard to get the hang of. Also the music kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,270450,14811392,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Deshi,"Exactly what it says in the title, game has great netcode and a refreshingly high skill ceiling."
,Recommended,270450,14904430,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Winston Churchill,best game
76561198076405063,Recommended,270450,15231081,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ryan,"If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball"
,Recommended,270450,14656206,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SolarEklipze #fratlivesmatter,"UPDATE 04/08/2015: The upgrade to Unity 5 fixed the startup bug.  The developer has recognized that the menu items are messed up and is fixing them.  Dedicated servers are still not implemented, so the netcode problems described below still happen.UPDATE 02/28/2015: The developer has reached out to me, he seems concerned and willing to work on these issues.  I am chaning the review to a thumbs-up, because any game with a developer that cares that much has a bright future.  The problems still stand, I'll try to update the review as they are fixed.Original review:It really pains me to give this game a thumbs-down.I want to start by saying that I love the gameplay of this game; the gamemodes are very interesting and I find the game to have a unique feel to it that I have been craving.  Which just makes this more tragic.This game suffers from ""built in a day"" syndrome.  By that, I mean that even after paid beta testing on the Humble Store, this game still feels unfinished.  At least on the Linux build, I have had some major technical issues.1) The game takes almost a minute and a half to load off of a Samsung 840 Pro SSD unless I disable the glow and some effects of the game.  The game looks pretty terrible with these settings off.  The developer has acknowledged the issue on his troubleshooting wiki, however.2) Some of the menus are atrocious.  The ""Team Select"" menu, for example, looks like a 50px image file resized eighteen times.  Truly an eyesore.3) Probably the most serious are netcode issues.  In almost every single game, I see people teleporting across the map, and sometimes I even see people drifting in a straight line (think when an MMO server crashes) for sometimes up to 5 seconds (wherein I always die).I understand that this is a small game by a single developer and that the game is still pretty new.  However, it irks me that the game was already being sold as a beta version, and that these issues still exist in the game's full release.  The gameplay is fantastic, but these issues just seem like they should have been fixed a long time ago."
76561198191026806,Recommended,270450,15395337,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ilovederp21,"SUPER! fun, toooooootally worth 15$Exept that if you have a gaming pc heelet packer HP DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!!"
,Recommended,270450,13426827,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sugar,I lost connection to my own server. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,270450,15182394,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,PlutoPizza-Thon,When taking a wound in much first person games you usually have only the speakers sound effects and a damage (red drip effect) overlay to cue the player about the enemy location; all weaved to pixel-thin lines of tracer fire animation.This being far less sophisticated doesn't hit you with single streaking line of pixels but instead a slow moving bowling.ball sized graphic that will spell doom if it happens to fill your screen. --You may find yourself moving entire head in anguished avoidence whilst heavily button-mashing as objects fly into view.========*3d models you can play are 'pillow fighting' Unicycles BUT NOT 'quads' (rollerskates) ...hence I refer to game robot.unicycle.disco.dodgeball___ overall: Rad! ..'try not fall of your chair' reaction kinda of game+ often a solid skatepark style level geometry; where using launch velocity right pulls off Neo/matrix/maxpayne level moments
76561198202278348,Recommended,270450,15292532,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,AgentEngi,This game is very good you should give it a go but there is one issue ( it could be just my controller ) when i use my controller and try to look around it dosen't let me so hopefully that will get fixed soon.
76561198042245130,Recommended,270450,15234003,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Enzor,"I cannot think of a reason not to buy Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball so yeah, not much help for a review"
76561198032533945,Recommended,270450,16197432,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mutantbubbaboy,"If Unreal and 5th Grade and SWEET RAVE PARTY had a child, I would very much like to see that. Oh....the game, yeah tha.....that's good too."
,Recommended,270450,16320463,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,thefncrow,Roller Robot Disco Derby Dodgeball is amazing.  BE THERE!
,Recommended,270450,16301347,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MisterPister,Supa fun - the music makes it that much better
,Recommended,270450,14636726,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Keizgon,"The ultimate traumatic memory inducing dodgeball experience, but better."
76561197993252048,Recommended,270450,14666631,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,KainanDrake,"Pretty sweet game. Simple to grasp, good soundtrack, pretty casual. Great game to play for a couple rounds at a time, it doesn't require any serious time commitment. Well worth the price. The only negative thing about it is the lack of people playing it."
,Recommended,270450,14666688,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dry Ice Factory,"This game is meant purely for amphetamines.But seriously though, I have yet to find a flaw with this game.  There's a reason for the fact that it only has ~5 negative reviews.Recommended strategy: cocaine/adderall"
,Recommended,270450,17792612,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,JapanGamer29,"Disco Dodgeball is a really fun game, kind of like Nintendo's Splatoon, but with better music and lots of balls.Two things to note:+  In my limited time with the game, I've not had any trouble finding an online match. People do still play this game. EDIT: Not many, though. AI bots make up the rest of each team.-  The look sensitivity on an xbox360 controller is far too sensitive, even when turned down to 0, making it almost unplayable with a controller. It's on the dev's todo list, but hasn't been fixed yet. I gave up waiting and tried keyboard and mouse instead. Not so easy to rest on your lap when you're playing from the couch, but you get used to it.I wholeheartedly recommend Disco Dodgeball!"
,Recommended,270450,16513114,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,CallMeCarlos,"Very good game. It has great music and fun gameplay that I always comeback to every so often. The recent update with all the new cosmetics and stuff just makes it even better, adding more depths of customisation. If you like good music, crafting / cosmetic stuff like ball trails and hats, then this game if for you"
,Recommended,270450,16485552,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,00NerdZo,"Its so Simple, So Much fun"
,Recommended,270450,16488089,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Apostle O,"Holy crap, this game! I got a 4-pack in the Steam Summer Sale, played a round with a couple friends, and it is tons of fun. I highly recommend it. 9/10. The only way it would be better is if it was Steam integrated for inviting/joining."
76561198103366963,Recommended,270450,17305516,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Bad News Badger,"This game is great, just need it to go on sale so i can buy the four pack for friends"
,Recommended,270450,17904517,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[是義一番] Zegichiban,"While this game's name might be overly long and a bit of a tounge twister, I have really enjoyed it so far. Sure, it takes some of my favorite things linke robots, electronic music and flashy lights and combines them into a fun fast pace sports game, but I don't think I am being too biased when I say it's lots of fun. There are various game modes to play, weather it be as multiplayer, or single player with bots, it can be lots of fun too. Can choose if you want to 1v1 someone, or go full chaos and have 6v6 matches.11/10 wonderfull, would definatly disco derby again anytime."
,Recommended,270450,18140449,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,INTIMIDATOR363,4/5 stars
76561198181090529,Not Recommended,270450,18149957,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Silv,if the host of the room ban you in a game (WITHOUT ANY REASON) you cannot quickplay for 24 hours . Are we joking???
,Recommended,270450,17449176,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,John Wicker Basket,best game
,Recommended,270450,17952273,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,RegularJoe,"You get to be a mustached robot and throw disco balls at other robots, causing them to explode, while the arena changes colors to EDM songs. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,270450,17976259,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Bryce,gr8 b8 m89
,Recommended,270450,18009460,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lavidon,You're a robot. You throw balls at other robots. Thats it. Its fun. The nice electronic soundtrack and tron-like visuals and dance club arenas are cool.It reminds me of playing Laser Tag with friends. The online multiplayer might not be booming but playing with friends is awesome so I recommend getting the four pack.
,Recommended,270450,19202463,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Reefleschmeek,Wicked sick
,Recommended,270450,19355019,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,IceWolf Ninja,i bought the game and it doesnt work. it keeps on stop working and i cant play the full version but i would recommend this game since i played the demo and it was really fun and the best dodgeball game i seen so far!
,Recommended,270450,19356118,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,shadyyy,Disco Dodgball is a very great fun expierience. Better than Fallout 4.
,Recommended,270450,19131617,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Bug 🤔,"I have been with this game since before it released to steam, and it is still outstanding as it is, This game is colorful, fun, and silly at the same time, mixing my favorite game aspects into one creation and i love this game to Death. BUY IT SON!"
,Recommended,270450,30614007,Posted: 19 March,all,Pikachu,the game is sooooooooooooo cool WARNING motion sickness included
,Recommended,270450,20861258,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Captain J. Ryno,Read the title
76561198072795505,Recommended,270450,20887271,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Atalanta,Sex Noise Simulator 2016.......you'll know what i mean when you start playing with people in like a skype call or something.Is fun game.Dont play if you get seizures from flashing lights.
,Recommended,270450,20871274,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,#RiceGumIsABitch,"If you arent sold by the name of the game, then I'm not sure how to convince you to get this game, but I'll try.This game is quite simply and very unique, but has almost infinite gameplay time. You can choose from tons of game modes and game types, and you can edit each one however you like. The variety in this game is incredible and is truly an amazing gaming experience. Although its not a game that really has a competitive side of it, once you get a couple of friends to have the game, and you are playing against each other, it gets intense.I really enjoy playing this game, but it appears that most people buy the game, play it for an hour or so and then just stop. But i am telling you now, if you do end up getting this game, that it is worth every single cent. The music in the game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and suits the disco theme very well and the overall look of the game, while being simple, is perfect, which lets you play this on whatever computer you may have and still enjoy itAlthough there is no exact goal of this game, you dont need one. You make your own goals. Whether it be completing all the achievements, battling against friends to obtain a higher score than them, or it can just be a game to play when you are bored. This game is brilliant when it is played online with other people, but it also can be played just as well in single-player.I highly recommend this game and will enjoy playing it for many hours to come"
76561198108028164,Recommended,270450,21245413,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,c u l8r g8r,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnXwrxQsvhYthis video explains this game. $0.19/$0.20
76561198107478965,Recommended,270450,21187214,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cuphead,it's good
,Recommended,270450,21158132,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Tyrian Tyrant,"Electronica, robutts and a solid control scheme. Does more need to be said?"
,Recommended,270450,21216350,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,memesaurio,GG WP
,Recommended,270450,21333066,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Thunder Shield,this is good game  /\  /\/
76561198202426770,Recommended,270450,21551250,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BanaNerd,"looks fun, will try out"
76561198199157801,Recommended,270450,21435638,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,I Like Bears,"This game is truly a hidden gem on Steam. It's hilarious fun, has an amazing soundtrack that doesn't ever really get old, looks great, and caters to nearly all skill levels. I am so incredibly bad at this game it's actually pitiful, but even playing against bots on easy is good fun. If you ever get bored with normal gameplay, there are many different gamemodes you can try, as well as powerups that increase the stupid fun with jetpacks and other OP powerups.Pros:Great game overallLooks greatFast-pacedStupid funYou can look badass to your friends by hiding the fact that you have homing dodgeballsAwesome soundtrackCons:Movement system is kinda weird and takes a while to get used toCatching is somewhat difficult (maybe just because i suck)I can't get my friends to buy itThe price is a little high, so probably wait for a saleIntense flashing lights can cause minor headaches after awhileFRIGGIN LUKE BOT ALWAYS CAMPSRating: 8.5/10"
76561198149261826,Recommended,270450,21690550,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,sweetsnapsterrr,really fun game i definatly would recomend this
,Recommended,270450,21693299,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Pappy,FPS meets a classic schoolyard game. Picked up a four pack and my buddies can't stop playing. Cant wait for the game to get some more updates. A ton of content for 8 dollars and worth every cent. SUPPORT THIS GAME! 11/10
,Recommended,270450,21773602,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Silverspecs,"I've had this game for about a week now and I have to say, I'm thoroughly addicted. I find this to be much more engaging than first person shooters. I have found a great equilibrium has been established between the energy I expend concentrating on aiming and not being hit, and the energy I gain from the exciting music and visuals. Well done!"
76561197998366715,Recommended,270450,21792097,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Protomen,"Yes! You play as Robots playing Dodgeball in a neon-themed arena. The controls are tight, the music is good, the matches are insane, game is simple yet depth is great. Landing your shots take skills, and it feels great to play.Its a shame all the multiplayer servers are dead. Play with friends."
,Recommended,270450,21771671,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,The Batter,"A highly addicting game with robots on wheels in neon environments with dubstep playing as the robots throw dodgeballs at each other in various fun gamemodes, lots of fun overall"
76561197988636447,Recommended,270450,24643440,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,"Rise and shine, Guybrush!","When I saw the demo of this game I had to try it out, because I love dodgeball games (Super Dodgeball for the NES is one of my favourite (NES) games ever, so ... yeah ...). Well, I immediately fell in love with this game, not only because it is a really good dodgeball game, but also because it reminded me of Unreal Tournament 2004 mods, heck RRDDD has even something similar to UT04's mutator. Also, should you not like dodgeball it also comes with racing gamemodes and basketball gamemodes!"
,Recommended,270450,24524986,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SleevelessPineapple,"This is very fun game to just pick up and play! Initially, you may have to get used to the controls, but once you are, it can be a lot of fun!"
76561198096205122,Recommended,270450,24393042,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Confused Winky Face,This game is epic the soundtrack gets you pumped which is good because the gameplay is brutal. I've played for a few hours now and would like to say that this game is good. It is a physics based shooter which are typically difficult learning curves if you play in the evening then you should be able to find a few good maps however the matchmaking is clunky. Overall a good game. 7/10
,Recommended,270450,24570920,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,fuSionDK,"Confusing at first, but so fun and simple! There are not enough players online atm. though."
,Recommended,270450,24737540,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mukky,"it's cheap, and it offers endless hours of Robot, Rollerskating, Dicsos, Dodgeball and an obscene amount of Derbying"
76561197964067965,Recommended,270450,23965600,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jonny Calcutta,"This is a well implemented, simple FPS that is great to jump on for a quick 20 minutes now and then. If it was a full priced game I would say its too simple, but at £5 its a bargain (and if its on sale I'd suggest you grab it straight away).Its just a simple arena based FPS (remind me of the old Quake 1 or Quake Arena days - small and fast paced) but the Dodgeball aspect makes it unique enough to offer something new. What that means is that your shots (e.g. the balls) bounce off walls, have a trajectory and you can even catch them as in regular dodgeball. The only downside really is that there aren't that many players and you can sometimes find yourself playing against bots online - but even with that its still fun and others usually join before too long.Worth a purchase, especially on sale."
,Recommended,270450,23673084,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,hexapuss,"My P.E. experience, now in mastercrafted online rubber-banding action!"
76561198230673488,Recommended,270450,23700856,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bathtub Barracuda,"If you don't mind constant suizures and people who are literally 300 levels above you, pretty fun game.PLay with friends, its more fun."
,Recommended,270450,23696421,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Nyimetaay,Follow the path of Rocket League please
,Recommended,270450,24008453,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TeyoOtter,"This game is fantasmic. your arena will flash according to your music playing (you can add your own music) and its dodgeball mixed in with other sports like basketball to if you want. There are lots of game modes! Don't have friends? No worries! It has bots!Then on top of all the gamemodes, maps, and flashy musical lights of awesome, theres mutators to change aspects of the gameplay. You can play flaming laser dodge planets in low gravity to an amazing techno beat and maybe imagine daftpunk as your DJ up in some room that you wont see because your too busy trying not to be steamrolled by gigantic flaming laser dodgeballs.If theres anything I wish this game had, its support for spotify. I don't have a lot of music on my pc."
76561198165233097,Recommended,270450,24021475,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Scotty 2 Hotty,insane. only way to explain it I've never be so arroused by the content of a gameif your looking for twelve mins of enjoy I recommend this game
,Recommended,270450,24013757,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wot in tarnation,Catch the ball. throw the ball. hit the enemy. Simple yet oddly addicting. The music is just the icing on the cake.
76561198052761165,Recommended,270450,23975534,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Doctor Nasty,I've never been so excited to smash my balls into the faces of others.For real though one of my favorite game already.10/10 Would buy again even if it wasnt on sale.
76561198107683401,Recommended,270450,23884772,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sasuke Uchiha - Preta,There are a lot of $hitty cheap games on Steam. This game is not one of them. Pretty dope
,Recommended,270450,23909116,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,sharpeye468,"Excellent game, fun to play alone and fun to play with friends! The best part about getting it on sale is the fact that (I got it before this sale, but the same still applies) you can get a 4 pack on sale for the same price as the single game itself. You can basically say to your friends hey you want this game? Play it with me and you can have it!List of pros and cons of the game:Pros:-Soundtrack is absolute beast mode-It's dodgeball with robots!-Achievements were tough to grind out (if you're the 100% type)-Bots weren't totally brain dead unlike most gamesCons:-There's still a few bugs to it, Examples: Getting stuck on invisible ledges, jumping onto a ramp and getting thrown into oblivion.Overall, this game is a solid 10/10 and you should definetly look into picking it up."
,Recommended,270450,23886866,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ThaFacialHair,"This game is amazing as long as you dont play arcade, the arcade bots are way overpowered and some even cheat on the upper levels but other then that this game is a down right blast. Ball physics take a bit to figure out and I hate how the powerups are random but everything else is great. Would love to see the soundtrack expand over time."
,Recommended,270450,23840597,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nighgen,a Good fun game for a night with some friends
,Recommended,270450,23877050,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Stan,"Do you like ruining your friendships? If yes, get this game?Do you like dodgeball with a mix of disco? I don't know any other game!In seriousness, this game is a hidden treasure. I would recommend for those who can play with a group of friends. It's packed with many gamemodes, maps, and good tunes. 10/10 would beat my friends to death with dodgeballs again!"
76561198162540868,Recommended,270450,25501227,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,RedSithX,"Not that hard to play, give it a while then you become the pro."
76561198136732398,Recommended,270450,25593951,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Bellatorus,"Fantastic game! It really captures the spirit of dodgeball. Would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone who likes a friendly community, and action packed gameplay."
,Recommended,270450,23781018,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ernie,I love this game but I need more custom maps ^_^!!! Also custom things should be free not you have to pay for someones stupid mod for trails like who is going to buy that!!!
76561198090645825,Recommended,270450,23811559,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lumpawaroo,While i havent tried the local multiplayer I love the online and even the singleplayer portion of this game is fun and challenging with worldwide leaderboards
,Recommended,270450,23806105,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MissTakeBunny,I would denfinitely recommend giving this game a try :)
,Recommended,270450,23804303,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,12 Years a Slav,"This is everything a 3$ game should be and more.It is fun.It is  a time-killer.The matchmaking is fast.The mechanics are easy, but also leave room to perfect."
76561198150126409,Recommended,270450,30842079,Posted: 30 March,all,TheTrains13 Rises,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball. A.K.A the original Rocket LeagueThis game can be expressed in many words. You know the feeling you get from playing a gameof Ana paintball? Multiply that and expand: High-octane, Fun, Friendly, Rage-inducing,Satisfying, severe BS, Hilarious, Falling off your seat, and more.Pros:Good graphicsClient-side soundtrack (you can switch songs in the game using B and N. the sountrack affectsthe arena look)Soundtrack composed by multiple artists (totally worth getting)Surprisingly non-toxic crayons- i mean community (must be from playing this game)Bot customization (don’t bother with the store the community market is better.)Bragging rights with loot (mission badges are so cool)Many Gamemodes for single and multi-player. (if you host a server you get to tweak it and youcan become host if the host leaves)Competent botsThe dodgeballs actually look better in game than on the trailersPowerupsSteam Trading cardsCommunity DiscordCheap priceDoes Elimination better than OverwatchA good Rocket league for those that don’t have high specsKudos (complement your eliminator with K to publicly say in chat “Nice shot” in a way)Stattrak Awps- i mean Skillshots. When you get a STATBRAG and get a shot using that kind (IEricochet) it displays the total number of ricochets that you’ve achieved to both you and yourvictimPro and Con: trading card badge gives you an exp bonus so semi “pay to rank up”ConsWeak air strafing (this game throws quake movement ideas out the window, you move andactually slide a little)Weak jumping (maybe it’s just me)Catches are high skill required (but soooo satisfying)Balls have the ability to ricochet so often you might get killed by a bounceNo voice chat (but you wouldn’t want to inturrupt the music would you?)Controller support: you’ll need to set that sensitivity down LOW to play well.This game feels clunky when used with controllers and/or a small screen for local co-op.Great for friends and friendly gamesEpileptics go home this is not for you985/1000"
,Recommended,270450,24755082,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,chess123mate,"I highly recommend trying the demo. I thoroughly enjoyed the demo and have not regretted the purchase (though the physics in the demo are slightly different than the full game, and the maps from the demo have been enlarged). Compared to the demo, the full game has more AI difficulties (though 'Easy' is plenty hard for many people), more maps, and a bunch more neat modes. Further, you can even make your own modes (by adjusting preprogrammed variables, such as the number of balls that spawn at the beginning of the game. I highly recommend adjusting this number to the maximum, 24, use the ""Fast Respawn"" modifier, and play on a medium or small map - this way you spend much less time looking for a ball and much more time aiming/throwing it.)There is a great variety of modes - from doing trick shots, racing around the map, elimination modes, shooting the ""super ball"" through one or more hoops (kind of like basketball), and a variety of combinations of these.Though I have encountered several minor bugs since I purchased the game, the developer has consistently responded to my reports and fixed the bugs.The multiplayer isn't massively popular, but along with the AIs, it can be fun even when there's no one else on (and depending on when you go online, there may be 10s of people on). It's a drop in/out style; you needn't stay for a whole game or anything. You can even use custom game modes that you've designed if you ""host""/create the game, or else become the host (because the previous host left). The multiplayer is generally smooth (though those with higher pings might jump around a bit, which can make aiming at them harder). If you can forgive it a bit of temporary inconsistency, it can be pretty fun. (ex if two people move close to a ball, they both might see themselves picking it up. The server will then have to decide who picked it up first, and the other guy will see his ball disappear. On the plus side, this doesn't happen often, and I am sure that this implementation is why the multiplayer is as smooth as it is.)Overall, the game does have room for improvement, but it's still great fun and I highly recommend trying it out."
,Recommended,270450,24897997,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,G̛͠͏͏ò͞҉̢d͜͢͝S̴͟m̷̧͜͠o̵̕k̵̴̨͡ơ,"If you don't own this you are not a person, and deserve to be in enternment camp"
,Recommended,270450,24834996,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rev,♥♥♥♥ those cheating bots :c #salty
,Recommended,270450,22867376,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,B5oard,good meme
,Recommended,270450,22748308,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Aleph Null,"Amazing Game, Can't belive it's not more popualar"
,Recommended,270450,23453448,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GlassicGamer,First off I would like to say this game is amazing! I love how its a fresh take on FPS and it is a very fast paced action game. I would highly recomend it and if you would like to see some game play I created for this game I have added it below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6HXQPH8SrA
76561198280573462,Recommended,270450,23453554,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Anonymous123,Its a great game we need to create a second version of it Rate 1  out of 10 id rate it 5M
,Recommended,270450,23497089,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Romi,"Extremely fun, especially in multiplayer, awesome music, good graphics, nice disco colors everywhere, a good game to kill time with and enjoy multiplayer or singleplayer."
76561198309713189,Recommended,270450,23531112,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Leo Nova,"Having Bought this game on sale i feel like i have stolen it, for the measly pricei  paid i feel like i can and will have a lot more fun on this game than i already have for practically no cost at all, the name says it all so if you like throwing balls at some pretty funky coloured robots then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,270450,23529290,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Shifty,Yes
,Recommended,270450,22551774,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Staplerfahrer Klaus,Helps relaxing when I want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill myself because of CS:GO.
,Recommended,270450,23650502,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,BrumbleBear94,always a fun game to play
76561198109314108,Recommended,270450,12031551,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,MasterNinjaFist,"do you love dodgeball? Do you wish you were really good at it? If so, then get this game it is truly amazing and very fun to play with friends :)"
,Recommended,270450,23718470,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Boss,"Initially fun, but gets old fast. Definitely play with friends if you want your money's worth."
,Recommended,270450,22352420,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,AbyssionQC,Underrated little gem.
,Recommended,270450,22385014,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,quick crab (VERY dangerous),"It's ♥♥♥♥in sick bro, throw dodge balls at robots, jump around maybe, boost on ramps, listen to those eeee dee ehm music so the youngsters all like, look at colors. Now that I think about it, i think this is what gamers in the 90s have wanted for years. Welp, here it is."
,Recommended,270450,22481298,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,RipCurl,This game is epic dodgeball game. It has many modes and levels. The only thing i say to add is to make maps and play on them in game that would be cool.
,Recommended,270450,22550930,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,puzzle noob,"It has robots on wheels playing dodgeball during a disco. If a name is way too long, then it's accurate."
76561198122720370,Recommended,270450,22729827,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,[N47] Nitron471,This is a good game..Although I cannot really play it since it do not live in europe or US i still find it fun to play.If you like some competition try this game out..
,Not Recommended,270450,22508437,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ad0nis,"Doesn't display on steam link properly on first launch - had to muck with resolution till it worked, and wouldn't play at native resolution with the steam link. Got ""banned"" from my first game the second I joined, and then was prevented from quick-playing any further. Each subsequent game crashed/kicked within a few minutes. Buggy as all hell. The devs for this game have serious work to do."
,Recommended,270450,22623249,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ϹolbiesΤheΝame,"I was browsing the steam store one day, and I must've been like, ""Hmm, let's find something to spend money on, because that makes sense."".But seriously.. why the ♥♥♥♥ did I buy this game?11/10 would mindlessly buy games I don't want or need again"
76561197970584174,Recommended,270450,27293894,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Somehonk,"Very addictive, insanely skill-based ""shooter"" with groovy music :)"
,Recommended,270450,27083243,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dasyati,"Get in a full server, crank up the volume, set the pulsating light effects to full blast, have a freaking seizure from the synaesthetic overload, toss balls at a few robots, uninstall for about 6 months, repeat."
,Recommended,270450,11040761,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Proglotid,Your face gets pounded with lots of balls.
,Recommended,270450,27210732,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eskildybvik,"This review is not creative, but Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is."
,Recommended,270450,26397788,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,FlameWhirlwind,"It's fun as hell, but nobody plays this game much. Kinda regret buying at fullprice for that reason. Still a fun game though none the less."
76561198200822107,Recommended,270450,26466793,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,xXzapoidzXx,FunFast PacedAnd Simple
76561198145074532,Recommended,270450,26717382,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,SAMMICHES,Not enough good things can be said about this game. It's up there with Rocket League in creativity and originality. So much fun. I'd pay $30 for it. It's an absolute steal at $10.
,Recommended,270450,25094066,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,num3rical,"Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball (RRDDD) is a game where you are a robot playing dodgeball with other robots in a roller derby. There are many different gamemodes to vary the way you play. This game is great for both multiplayer and singleplayer (and to be honest I prefer singleplayer). It is an amazing game, with an amazing soundtrack and amazing looks, and it will draw you in and you will be hooked from the start.PROS-------------------• Fun, fast gameplay• Many different gamemodes• Great Singleplayer and Multiplayer• Amazing soundtrack• Has a LOT of items (I literally get 2-3 items in an hour)• Developer sometimes plays• Making a server is simple and fastCons-------------------• Has high CPU on poorer computers (I had to turn most graphic settings off)• Kids in multiplayer can be a bit toxic• Barely any mods (Have seen one in my whole time of playing)Overall Rating: 9.5/10This is an amazing game and you will not be dissapointed in playing it."
76561198189260206,Recommended,270450,25944708,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,deniZZer,"impressive, so much fun and addictive. perfect for a little game I LOVE IT"
,Recommended,270450,25846011,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ploot-O,Title is a tounge twister
,Recommended,270450,26346760,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"This is a ridiculously awesome game. It looks a bit ""over the top"", but it is great fun."
,Recommended,270450,25975620,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,calebgj09,Music is Great!
76561197993827281,Recommended,270450,26866727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,El Cattivo,You are a robot.You are in a disco.You throw balls at other robots (IN THEIR FACES!!!).You can have a mustache.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,270450,26989611,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,je suis baguette 🥖,"Great arena shooter action. Definitely worth it, especially during a sale."
,Recommended,270450,26980280,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thrsti,Trippy as all heck but fun to play
,Recommended,270450,26849348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MistressVox,"I keep buying copies and gifting them to people. So far everyone that's played it has loved it! It will definitely bring out your competitive side and test a few friendships though.  I love the music. My only complaint is that the controls can be a little touchy/wonky no matter how much I adjust sensitively. There is definitely a bit of a learning curve on aiming and hitting your target, but overall it's a fun game."
76561197981338561,Recommended,270450,26128901,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Eldanesh,Kids can't even hit me dude. Come at me
76561197966809324,Recommended,270450,26110985,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,VIPER!,This game is AWESOME! JUST BUY IT NOW!!!AMAZING LIGHTS SOUNDS AND MUSIC!!!!10 out of 10 would play dodge ball at disco again!
,Recommended,270450,26081541,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,dizzyuser,"Pros1.Fluid Gameplay2.Great Soundtrack3.Easy To Learn, Hard To Master4. Online Matchmaking is Very Fast"
76561198060295923,Recommended,270450,25626922,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mystictornado,"This game is extremely fun to play, especially if you like throwing dodgeballs into enemies and watching them blow up into pieces.The main solo gamemode is arcade, which alone is really fun. Complete rounds of different stagess in the game with each round having three waves of enemies each. Preform trick shots such as helicopter, godlike, catch, long distance to gather money to spend on awesome abilities like extra ricochets for balls, slow motion when trying to catch the dodgeballs and many, many more.The multiplayer is pretty much empty at this point though. Although there is some people playing multiplayer, you need to be on at the right time and be open to play most gamemodes (its normally team elimination though).There is also a large assortment of gamemodes that can be played on multiplayer or singleplayer bot matches that are also really fun. Hoops combines a basketball aspect into the game, having the players throw the golden ball through the enemy hoop to gain points. Horde mode faces players against an endless wave of bots that won't rest untill you are defeated. There are also many other gamemodes like elimination, team elimination, grand prix, bonus ball, and some others.Overall, this game is really fun to play, however don't count on the multiplayer to have loads of active players and be prepared to fill some of the empty slots with bots. This game is well worth its price."
,Recommended,270450,20570740,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Awesomender,"**I bought this game when it was on sale for 2-3$**Disco Dodgeball is an exciting new twist to the FPS family. With plenty of gamemodes and fun music what more could you ask for? Players. That is the biggest downfall in this game, and why I would NOT reccomend it to anyone else. If that changes, absolutely would. This game is a ton of fun and is pretty easy to pick up, but hard to master. Players of all skill will be able to enjoy this game simply because of the different modes and the chaos that can go into a single game.Pros-Easy to pickup-Music is fun-You can change the music with your own-Plethora of modes to choose from-Controls are simple-Bots can be challenging-CraftingCons-Very Limited amount of players-Single player can get old-15$ is too muchIf you are looking for a little more, I encourage you to check out my video review on this game below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2xH_R_DqGc&feature=youtu.be"
76561198077986765,Recommended,270450,21631426,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Green7Wolf,"Love the game and the idea BUT really needs some fine tuning, I,E on the xbox controller. changing the control and graphics or really any option is a nightmare."
,Recommended,270450,21630768,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,slugger,pretty fun
76561198063438143,Recommended,270450,20421023,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Major Quark,"Robot Roller Disco Derby Dodgeball is a great game with awesome music (the soundtrack is really good) but there are 2 problems that made me refund this great game.1. multiplayer is pretty much dead, there is almost no one playing I got a max of 13 players. and when I joined servers I would most of the time be playing against/with 6-7 bots out of 8 players.2. since there is a very small amount of players I find the €14,99 price a bit much for the what you get out of it. Since you will most likely be playing singleplayer.The singleplayer has some cool gamemodes but it wasn't enough to keep me playing. If you are looking for a singleplayer game then you could always give it a try."
,Recommended,270450,20407943,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Penis Parker,Imagine fun and loud dubstep like music and that is this game
76561198077444591,Recommended,270450,20432187,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Riptide,"I was hesitant to get this game at first, since it didnt seem like something I would normally play, but after getting it with some friends when it was on sale one day, I gotta say its more fun then I thought it was going to be. If youre on the fence about it and its on sale, I would give it a try and tell a few friends."
,Not Recommended,270450,20117174,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Spencer,"Within 3 minuites of joining an online server for the first time i was kicked by the other players for no reason. When i try to find another game via quick play i get the message, ""Can not quick play for 24 hours after being banned from a server"".Absolutley stupid idea, i'm banned from playing after owning the game for 20 minutes.I would love to play this game as i can see it has alot of potential but, i don't want to be stuck in single player everyday because i get kicked from a server that i've barely taken a breath in.If you buy this game i reccomend playing with friends, this way you can not get banned for no reason. If you have no friends to play this with then i reccomend being an expert straight away before entering an online lobby."
,Recommended,270450,20289333,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Miserable,Dope as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,270450,20052244,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dreist,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a very fun competetive game. The userbase is not the largest at the moment so playing with friends is recommended, but you should still be able to find an atleast somewhat populated lobby even if playing alone."
,Recommended,270450,20066998,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Treyeth,Very fun to play with a friend
,Recommended,270450,20103480,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Phishe,Great game for a great price. Hours of endless fun.
,Recommended,270450,20106993,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[PB]Ahonata,such a good soundtrack and so much fun!!!!!
,Recommended,270450,20100228,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jeff The Canadian,"Eat your heart out, PE."
,Recommended,270450,19874210,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,HaCHa,"Genuinely fun if you understand the mechanics. Fps at its core, a good time in its nature."
,Recommended,270450,20154881,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Suitcase,
76561198177181030,Recommended,270450,21593957,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,rileyswift11,This game might not have much but it is very good and worth the money!
76561198156143273,Recommended,270450,14700032,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,GeenishDragon,Epic game 99-100
,Recommended,270450,14642573,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nuclear Spaghetti,"The following are rejected names for this title.- Ricochet 2: Rise of Kudos- Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2142: Laser Tag Unicycle Edition: Moustache Expansion- Gym Class Fever Dream- Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I Accidentally Dropped All of My Acid: The Major Motion Picture- Honey, My Carpal Tunnel Has Advanced to Crippeling Arthritis- Dodgeballmageddon: My Face Still Hasn't Stopped Stinging- Quake 2DRating - NoRobotEllenPage/5TL;DR Came for the funk, stayed for yet more of the funk."
,Recommended,270450,14642625,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,That Zak Person,"Great game, great music, great style, create gamemodes, great maps...I think you can see where this is going. This game is AMAZING!"
,Recommended,270450,14642895,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Benny,"Finally, a game which lives up to its name!"
,Recommended,270450,14643780,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,thewxdude,"First ever review on Steam, and it seems appropriate that it be Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball.  I bought this on a whim when I saw the plethora of positive reviews, and didn't regret it for a moment.  This game is absurd in all the best ways.  When I'm not playing this game, I'm usually thinking about playing this game.  It's accessible yet hard to master, unique yet familiar, aesthetically pleasing both in visuals and the soundtrack, and, most importantly of all, it's the most fun I've had in a game in a long time.  Like FPS?  This game is for you.  Like sports games?  This game is for you.  Like neon?  This game is for you.  Like silly looking robots throwing flaming dodgeballs at each other?  You probably don't know it, but you most certainly do.Do yourself a favor:  buy this game.  God wills it."
,Recommended,270450,14743235,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Brum,Awesome concept.
,Recommended,270450,14744987,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,pinballRM,Awesome. Instantly one of my fav pc games.
,Recommended,270450,14800538,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Etsuokills,a good game to break awqay from a mmo or  to play with your FPS friends
,Recommended,270450,14616194,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Zonr_0,"A masterclass in the power of simple but compelling game design. The art is simplistic, there are almost no animations to speak of, and the UI is barebones, but it doesn't matter because it all feels great as a cohesive whole and serves to complement the very exciting moment to moment gameplay.On the surface, it doesn't seem too exciting. It's dodgeball as you remember it in highschool: Pick up a ball, throw it at an opponent, if it hits them, they're out, if they catch it, you're out. However, this is a video game, so we can throw out all notions of safety and sanity out the window. Instead of taking up sides in a gym, let's throw the players into a crazy technocolor arena where they can roam freely, let's make the balls ""live"" after a few bounces still, and heck, let's make all the players robots on wheels.That last one is really where the genius of the game comes in; movement carries a very tangible sense of momentum with it. You can apply brakes, but they're not instant, you can jump pretty high, but you're married to your jump arc once it's started. This momentum gives the game a sense of strategy without sacrificing the twitchy fast-paced feel of your typical 90s arena shooter. This movement, combined with the constant need to reposition yourself based on where balls land or where your gamemode objectives are leads to a powerful sense of tension and constant scrambling. There's almost never a point where you feel safe or secure in your position.Game modes run the gamut from standard team death match and capture the flag, to elimination, a basketball-like mode, a trick shot competition, and even a checkpoint race. Each one plays with the basic formula in interesting ways, and there's never a game mode that you 'suffer through' during a random game mode rotation. There's also a singleplayer score attack mode with bots that's more entertaining you'd expect from a primarily multiplayer focused title.The game's music is full of licensed tracks, if you're even a casual fan of EDM, you'll like the soundtrack quite a lot. It's a lot more accessible than a lot of popular EDM, with none of the heavy abbrasive synths popular in modern dubstep. If you hate electronic music on very principle and think synths are a blight on humankind, than you may not enjoy it. Otherwise, it complements the action of the game quite nicely, with the constantly changing colors and visuals of the levels being synched to the beat of the music.There are a few minor flaws that stand out, but nothing game breaking. The biggest issue is that catching balls can be a luck-based affair at best in multiplayer depending on your latency to the server and it's not unheard of to be hit by balls that are still a fair distance away from you. In general though, gameplay is fast-paced enough that this doesn't affect you too much other than the occasional annoyance. As noted above, the graphics and GUI are incredibly simplistic, with the menus in particular looking a step above placeholder art. The basic look largely works within the context of the game's aesthetic, but you can definitely tell this was made with a very small team who's strengths do not lie in art.All in all, I highly reccomend this game. Simple, but tightly focused, it's easy to lose yourself in the game end up playing for a couple hours without realizing it."
,Recommended,270450,14669629,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Zode,"Easy to pick up, easy to learn, catchy music, and a ton of fun!"
,Recommended,270450,14670436,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,GammaTheRed,"This game is highly addictive. If you're looking for a shooter, get this"
,Recommended,270450,14671463,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,LittleCabbage,"Fun as hell and pretty deep. Give this game a few sales and it'll be one of the top multiplayer games on steam. Very solid gameplay, extremely addicting, and exactly like gymclass dodgeball, except I'm not crying."
,Recommended,270450,14715951,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SiegeCJ,"It's like going to a fully neon Cal Skate to play dodgeball with great music, explosions, and good people. It's addicting, fast paced, and fun. Buy it!"
,Recommended,270450,14716882,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Flifflaren,"Grab jetpack, jump and fly up in mid air, dunk dodgeball on opponents head. 10/10 ign."
76561197970357696,Recommended,270450,14764168,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Piratesteve,"Best arena multiplayer shooter i played in years. Its fast, its fresh, its plain awesome."
76561198002098033,Recommended,270450,14753727,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,THE MACHINE,Best multiplayer game ever made
,Recommended,270450,28732909,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KreePz-,"great game, with only 0.5 hours i can say the hit detection is rubbish & if your buying from australia, just know that the AU servers are pretty lonesome.."
,Recommended,270450,28700830,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wounded Knee,"out of the hundreds of dollars I spent on games this christmas season. this little Gem at 1.99 is going to rack up more of my hours than bf1, doom, and Civ6 combined. if this little game got x-platform support like rocket leauge it would be up there in my top five mp games out there."
,Recommended,270450,28660745,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,IAmSamsara,tf is this game
,Recommended,270450,28657121,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Progenite,First impressionAddictive combat!
,Recommended,270450,28598494,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Motileiskan leopardi,"So i just got the 4pack for me and couple friends, and damn is this game hella fun. There's trickshots, lucky oddshots, all you can imagine. But wait... THERE'S MORE: SO MANY GAMEMODES AND MAPS. No but for real this game was definitely worth to buy for me and my friends."
76561198248895200,Recommended,270450,28699245,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,quincyhansen6,"Highly recommended! Great for casual play or competitive play. The game runs smoothly and the mechanics work well. Even playing against the computer in single player, the bots have rather impressive AIs, and the multiplayer feature is great as well. The ability to creat your own games is genius! Buy this game! I can't imagine someone not getting enjoyment out of at least some part of it!"
,Recommended,270450,28927299,Posted: 1 January,all,frosty apples,INCREDIBLY FUN. FOR TWO DOLLARS YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE MISSING OUT ON.
76561198330808888,Recommended,270450,28931823,Posted: 1 January,all,Kwiiver,amazing music and in all just a spectacular game
,Recommended,270450,29099289,Posted: 7 January,all,NocnaPtica',"Funny game,but no players"
76561198065552743,Recommended,270450,29070318,Posted: 6 January,all,noob_tron,This game is one of the most fun I've played with my friends. It's non-stop giggling and laughing from start to finish mixed with great music and great level designs.A must have to play with friends!(especially since it's up to 12 people)
,Recommended,270450,28954573,Posted: 2 January,all,The Pheaz for Prez,It's O.K. I kinda wish the ranks were controlled so you only play with people as good as you are. music gets kind of annoying after a while.
,Recommended,270450,29047732,Posted: 5 January,all,@BXNKROLL CSGOPOKER.COM,"as a music producer this is a pretty fun way to listen to my stuff first hand while playing a game. Nice, love it."
,Recommended,270450,29142004,Posted: 9 January,all,FireStun (GONE FOREVER),"Very addicting, easy to pick up and play and learn the ropes and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is the soundtrack good! A very competitive game although it's a shame not many people play it.The game has a lot of graphical options which means anyone can play it to their favorite degree even if their PC is a potato like mine.The only thing I have to say against the game is that sometimes the screen goes blank when I start it but the developer and the fanbase are overall helpful and it's pretty easy to find out how to get around the few problems there are.go get this game already dammit"
,Recommended,270450,28924381,Posted: 1 January,all,Linkblade,I have lots of fun with this multiplayer game!
76561198113780457,Recommended,270450,29035729,Posted: 5 January,all,gtegangno,Very Fun to play with friends
,Recommended,270450,23473130,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JaxDrumm,"The only ""sports"" game I will be good at, will have fun at, or will play out of free will.Sidenote: I got more out of this game than I ever expected. It didn't look that fun on the cover, but it is truly an amazing game."
,Recommended,270450,21977192,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tech,THIS GAME IS RAVES ON STEROIDS AND IF RAIVES WAS AN FPS GET IT
76561198263429174,Recommended,270450,23448116,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,jacDAN,"It's an awesome game, very fun, but if you are here for multiplayer I would not reccommend it even though singleplayer is very good."
,Recommended,270450,23468710,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,? känniS ? ~YEEZY~,Too weird XD
,Recommended,270450,23456781,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Number 7,"Oh my god, so intense."
76561198080742137,Recommended,270450,23456190,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,TIE Phantom,"The music alone is good enough to buy this game.The gameplay is just icing on the cake.Hard and challenging, this game is a must for Steam users10/10"
,Recommended,270450,23160308,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Greasy Caveman,"Fantastic game, with really vibrant visuals. Takes some time to get good at the game, but once you do it is really fun."
,Recommended,270450,23431541,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[FH] Hero Bubble,Great fast-paced FPS/Sport game! :D
76561198017754452,Recommended,270450,21240603,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Vexeisis,"YESSSS!! Local multiplayer added finally added to the game! Thank you so much!I know you get a lot of requests, but I wanted to say that I am very greateful for this addition. So thank you again. :))It's a fun silly game that I can now play with my friends and family in my living room. :))"
,Recommended,270450,23442334,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SupDos,"Man this game is cool. Awesome songs, awesome graphics, just amazing.The developer is even cooler though.10/10"
76561198044753159,Recommended,270450,23207246,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Zokenman,"A game that rewards you for flashy plays. And very decent mechanics. Play with friends if you want PVP though, since hardly any randos are on at convenient times."
,Recommended,270450,23191951,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Katrasune,I played for 1 hour and returned it.To buy the 4 pack so me and my mates can kick some♥♥♥♥♥ If you can dodge a VAC ban than you can dodge a ball!
,Recommended,270450,23282377,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,kp212,"I love this game, it puts an interesting twist on dodgeball. Add the awesome soundtrack on top of this game and you have an amazing time waster that is incredibly fun."
,Recommended,270450,24321672,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Britt,"Started up the game an hour ago, still in main menu enjoying the music."
,Recommended,270450,24318900,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,τÅđđأ₭,Awesome game! Only downside is the community is kind of inactive.
,Recommended,270450,24333888,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Slendy The Test Dummy,"A very nice game, Singleplayer is fun and fastpaced, Multiplayer is challenging and very fun (especially with friends).  Just a awesome game for its price.Would be great if there would be more servers so people with bad internet wouldnt get very high ping.I recommend for anyone to try out."
76561198280157047,Recommended,270450,31705167,Posted: 12 May,all,JonJon,"This game is really fun! It is a little like a first person shooter, but with dodgeballs. There are a lot of different types of matches in the game, and even more in the workshop that you can download and play. Sometimes you may have to lower the level of crzy strobe lights on the screen or else it may hurt your eyes if you have sensitive eyes. That is really easy to do though in the settings in the game. Overall a really fun game!"
,Recommended,270450,31808374,Posted: 17 May,all,Jeff Jefferson,"SO RANDOM AND FUN,disclaimer if you are sensitive to flashing lights do not play this gameBEST ENJOYED WITH FRIENDS,THIS GAME IS WORTH IT"
76561197961750551,Recommended,270450,31781222,Posted: 15 May,all,Discordian,"Bright lights, funky fun gameplay, it's an easy evening of fun with some friends or online strangers. It's slightly slow paced by the standards of oldschool Quake3 bunnyhopping FPS action, but this makes the game more tactical and invites in players of a larger skill range without cutting out the fun.This game delivers on what it wants to be: features are well thought through, user friendly, yet have depth."
,Recommended,270450,31791804,Posted: 16 May,all,^2Grassgrow,Great game! Tons of fun
76561198177348231,Recommended,270450,31784010,Posted: 16 May,all,lance,10/10
76561198149080123,Recommended,270450,31875825,Posted: 20 May,all,Are Blowjobs just vore?,Genuinely fun group party game.
76561198134210605,Recommended,270450,31891606,Posted: 21 May,all,Pancakes,Fast-paced disco dance party action. It's a really fun fps-ish game. The only downside is the playerbase is not very massive but it's still there!
,Recommended,270450,31893455,Posted: 21 May,all,Dee-jay luig-jay,This game may seem bizzare but its a really addicting dodgeball game that isn't afraid to spice up the rules.The gameplay is really fun with powerups to spice up the matches and various modes to keep the game fresh.  Controls are responsive and are as tight as can be. The graphics are very flashy maybe too flashy so if you are prone to seizures AVOID this game.Overall this game is really fun and I look forward to playing this with friends also.I give it a 8.5/10.
76561198224349012,Recommended,270450,31901865,Posted: 22 May,all,Zebracorn,"RRDDD Is so fun and its at a good price, and its getting losts of updates since its a newer game, but i think you should buy this game with other friends becuase this game is silly, and its better with friends!"
,Recommended,270450,32013110,Posted: 27 May,all,Windex98,"Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball is a fun fast paced shooter. At first I hated this game, because I sucked at it. Although once I started learning some more mechanics for the game I began to love it, such as catching. WARNING this game can be very unfair at times leaving you very angery after a match because of it's ricochet mechanic. Other then the ricochet mechanic I am very pleased with this game and encourage people to buy it."
,Recommended,270450,32030204,Posted: 28 May,all,Deku,Gave me a seizure but it was a happy seizure
76561198272713875,Recommended,270450,32031662,Posted: 28 May,all,jthoust,This game is fun to play on any computer or laptop. Its hard to control at first but you get used to the controls quickly. The only problem with the game is the bots. They seem a little overpowerd for beginners.
76561198133120608,Recommended,270450,32062082,Posted: 30 May,all,DarcyCraft,Best game i've played in a while chaos......I love it
76561198196848354,Recommended,270450,32065550,Posted: 30 May,all,essertje,awsome sounds and yeah i love this game.
76561198128287463,Recommended,270450,29954985,Posted: 15 February,all,Shiny Magikarp,"Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is a game that is only limited by its small community. When games are full and people are playing.. this game is an absolute blast. I always come back to this game when I'm in a fun mood and want to play a game with friends, or when I am sitting at home and only have about 10-20 minutes to play.RR-DDD is incredibly fun, the soundtrack is great, the game modes are creative, and the game itself plays smooth and handles very well. There are the occasional connectivity issues online. I sit with a ping of about 50 most of the time in game and once every half an hour or so I have about a minute or two of 100+ ping.My only complaint with the game is any time you go up or down a ramp you automatically float in the air a little. This is frustrating because you can't change direction and manuever as smoothly as I'd like. I wish there was a way to stick to the ground more. But this complaint is very small and really just becomes natural after a while.A majorly underrated bonus to this game is the workshop content. The community has come up with some very fun stuff, like different soundtracks, and sound bytes for the announcer (a la Halo in-game announcer shouting ""triple kill!""). And the lead developer is very active on the forums and responsive and always communicating with the players his ideas and goals.I would not strongly recommend this game to people buying it alone, because the way to have the most fun is online, and the online community is small. That being said, the offline arcade mode and the bots can be quite the challenge so there is still lots of fun to be had playing alone.  However, the most fun way to play this game is with friends and you will have an absolute blast if you give it a try."
76561197999423205,Recommended,270450,31990636,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,"Stupidly fun, but low production quality."
76561198091993008,Recommended,270450,25466676,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,damunicker,"Disco Dodgeball has it all to amazing soundtracks and special effects, and runs well on any mac 6.8 or higher.With Character customization, Steam Community Market, items. workshop, and great graphics for a simple arcade game.I am hooked on this fantastic game with plenty of gamemodes and multiplayer servers.The Ai is not bad but it still rocks and fun to play with."
76561198088280254,Recommended,270450,32001134,Posted: 27 May,all,Shadow5050,"Great fun, especially if you can get some friends into the game as well.The player base is a bit small. For the price, I recommend waiting for a sale, since you're not missing out on GTA 6 or something."
,Recommended,270450,32107607,Posted: 1 June,all,King of Pachyderms,This game would have been worth it just for the introduction to Kraedt and AdhesiveWombat. Loooove their music and this game's soundtrack is amazing. Also the gameplay is good too :P
,Recommended,270450,32138510,Posted: 2 June,all,Happy Crasher,its honestly really fun to play with freinds wait till it goes on sale and buy a four pack to play with freinds but online solo is aweful because the physics majorly glitch with even the slightest lag and its crouded with nolifing lvl 180s that destroy everyone
76561198364613917,Recommended,270450,31655375,Posted: 9 May,all,Bendy,"This a really fun game!Really hard to get used to, and 10x better with friends.My schoolmates and I started playing this game competitively and it was lots of fun!8/10"
,Recommended,270450,27117057,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrMongoose64,Best FPS ever. 100X better then CoD or CS:GO
76561198123256818,Recommended,270450,30538101,Posted: 16 March,all,4oö8nzppppahi,awesome game
,Recommended,270450,32186759,Posted: 4 June,all,QuickWhitt7,"Awesome game. I really love the concept of competitive dodgeball, and the developers really outdid themselves with this masterpiece.If you're a competitive player, I would highly recommend Disco Dodgeball if you haven't played it already."
,Recommended,270450,30931687,Posted: 3 April,all,Rampage,Good game. But it needs more music and maybe some more stages. overall 7/10. 9/10 on sale. And one more thing. Less bots and more people would be great. . .
,Recommended,270450,33844434,Posted: 27 July,all,PixPig,Probably my favourite game I've found on steam.  Just really fun.
76561197967817201,Recommended,270450,11943301,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,God Emperor Trump,"Like Skyrim, with balls. 10/10"
,Recommended,270450,19793593,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Doge Hammar Taco of France,This is my new go-to game. It's cheap and it's worth it. Just hand the man your wallet over the internet already.
,Recommended,270450,34146034,Posted: 10 August,all,Sky,"This game is fun! This is one of those games that are just ridiculous and are very memorable. I would definitely recommend playing it with a few friends. I have had issues with connection in the past, but when it worked properly it was fantastic!"
,Recommended,270450,34205070,Posted: 12 August,all,1S shawneeboy LF3ST,Fun af.
76561198053822868,Recommended,270450,34194624,Posted: 12 August,all,๖ۣۜDani #1738,I like this game a lotGreat soundtrackEasy and great gameplayQuck matchmakingAwesome power-upsRobot customizationHighly recommended.
76561198080523717,Recommended,270450,34257995,Posted: 15 August,all,Petee MC Peetface,Amazing and fun Game for Lanpartys and  some fast Action.Rly guys. Dont think about it BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!
76561198296274988,Recommended,270450,34319941,Posted: 17 August,all,Gopnik101%,This is a very fun and funny game to play with your friends.
,Recommended,270450,34296847,Posted: 16 August,all,Showsinolo,Make you look cool when you have no friends😭
,Recommended,270450,16787849,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nehvrook,Bloody brilliant
,Recommended,270450,34744466,Posted: 4 September,all,Freezy,"Its fun, but its one of those one-time-play games."
,Recommended,270450,34750945,Posted: 4 September,all,Mama Luigi,"did you see the game, its good"
76561198089579129,Recommended,270450,16756612,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,StarZod,What can I even say!!! This game is so awesome!!!1. Extremley nice comunitty2. DiscoIDK WHAT TO SAY NOW I WANT PANCAKES!!! I want :banana: too
,Recommended,270450,34745352,Posted: 4 September,all,STAN,it's good.
76561198250372508,Recommended,270450,34757227,Posted: 5 September,all,Sergey4skinner,Awesome music! Also recommended to those who love dodgeball (:
,Recommended,270450,25450910,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The Real MVP,"Great game when it had people playing it, but now nobody plays so it's boring. Sad to see a good game's player population disperse."
,Recommended,270450,34647251,Posted: 31 August,all,Mean Jeans,"I love this game, I bought it as a meme, but it is probably the most fun game I bought as a meme 9/10 uhh sometimes the balls dont connect properly."
,Recommended,270450,34666242,Posted: 1 September,all,HecaMeck,"Do you like great, emotional stories that make you cry? Because this game will make you cry. A lot.I don't think a game (or anything really) ever hit me this hard. Even the next day the first thing when I woke up was the thought about the ending in this game.It's one thing when you're just watching your favourite movie/show and something bad happens to your favourite characters, but when you play a game where it's you behind that character's decisions it feels like you're the one whos going through all the problems instead of that character.I can't really think of when was the last time I ever experienced something like the story in this game."
,Recommended,270450,34726201,Posted: 3 September,all,Ultra,Great Pass Time! Fun with friends!
76561198073437507,Recommended,270450,34700806,Posted: 2 September,all,Kopian,Good!
,Recommended,270450,34803433,Posted: 7 September,all,UUBno-na-me,strate awsome gameplay and soundtrack
76561198058254858,Recommended,270450,15040269,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,super hero,"Dead community, but still worth picking up for full price, let alone it's $2.74 right now. Singleplayer is solid, and great to play with friends."
,Recommended,270450,34845373,Posted: 9 September,all,Happy Thoughts,very good gem
,Recommended,270450,34859165,Posted: 10 September,all,Bl8kes_7,"Although a small player base, this game makes for a fun evening of competition.For a one man operation I feel like  Erik Asmussen did a wonderful job."
76561197972411061,Recommended,270450,34871196,Posted: 10 September,all,Samantha :],"A very fun, underrated game which deserves more playersRobot Rollerderby Disco Dodgeball... I must admit, I bought this on a whim in a Steam sale as the absurdity of the name just sounded strangely compelling. What began as an impulse buy ended up being a purchase that I have very much enjoyed and so I am recommending it in the hope that more people will buy and play this underrated game.So what is this game all about? Essentially it is a first person shooter with each player controlling a wheeled robot, working together as a team or individually by throwing dodgeballs at each other. While doing so, you can score trick shots in different ways such as hitting an opponent from distance, hitting an opponent with a ricochet or hitting an opponent while you're in the air.To help you in this, there are a number of different power-ups you can obtain such as making your ball bigger, giving you  homing ball, and many others.In addition, this game has a wide range of game modes, from the traditional death match (both team based and ffa) and a capture  the flag variant (called capture the cube), to less traditional game modes such as hoops (where teams try to score points by shooting a golden ball through their opponent's hoops), kingping (the kingping is a player who gets points for kills with more points for trick kills, if he or she gets killed, the player who killed them becomes the kingping and can begin accumulating points, the first player to reach a certain number of points wins). One of the strengths of this game is the huge range of game modes so you're bound to find a game mode which you particularly enjoy, while some servers rotate through the different game modes randomly, others are dedicated to a particular game mode.The actual arenas in which the battles take place are crazy colourful places with lots of ramps, bridges and tunnels, as well as open spaces depeding on the map. With a name including the word disco, you can guess the maps and the aesthetic of the game is very colourful, with 'techno' music, flashing lights  and changing colours aplenty, combined with the colourful explosions when someone gets hit by a dodgeball.Another strength of the game is the huge amount of customisation options, many of which are available for free if you're patient, as with games like TF2, you will randomly find items (either customisation items or crafting items) just during game play, while you also get something when you level up. In terms of customisation, you can customise the look of your robot including its wheel, giving it a hat, it's face. You can also set the logo of a group you're in to appear on the back of your robot (nice free advertising for them!).The battles themselves are fun and thrilling, and depending on how many players are in the game can be a bit manic and crazy, the battles are fast paced as well. You can easily play for just a few minutes or hours quite easily, often I've been in a case of saying to myself ""Just one more round"" and still be playing five or more rounds later.Overall I strongly recommend this game to everyone. It's not too expensive, get it on sale if you like but I don't think that is necessary to get a game that is good value for money.Pros:- Fun, frantic, fast-paced battles- Lots of customisation options which you don't need to pay extra for- Many diferent game modes, both FFA and team-based- Lots of diferent power ups keep battles interestingCons- Not many players on all the time, so you might be playing bots (part of the reason why I'm writing this review!)- Avoid if  you suffer from epilipsy- Can't think of many more tbh..."
76561198202741297,Recommended,270450,34874493,Posted: 10 September,all,PotPi,"It's a fever dream.Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball is just as complex and unintuitive as the name makes it sound. That's not a bad thing though.Story: No story, don't need it.Gameplay: Oh boy. As you may be able to tell by the name, you play dodgeball on rollerskates, meaning momentum-cancelling and precision aiming is difficult. You pick up a dodgeball by riding over it, and hold and release l-click to throw it. You can catch opponent's dodgeballs by clicking them in the air at the right range, and insane ricochet shots are common. There's a myriad of different game modes. From Team Death Match, to Capture the Flag, to freaking Baseketball Races, you'll find plenty to keep yourself occupied.Trick shots are the bread and butter of this game. There are so many different ways to kill your enemies, your kills will begin to have names like ""Long Range Godlike Helicopter Ricochet Multikill"". Pure insanity.Once you add in power-ups, you have no clue what's happening at all. Just have fun.The look and music of the game goes perfectly with the chaos of the gameplay. You're a glowing robot, in a disco arena, throwing discoballs at other glowing robots, all the while dubstep pumps into your poor fragile ears. The whole experience is chaos, which is exactly what its' supposed to be.If you wanna have some pure, unadultered fun, this is a great way to do it. Combined with the price, I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,270450,34823399,Posted: 8 September,all,AMRD,"Been playing this with some friends for a few hours and we've been having a great time. This game is loaded with fun multiplayer modes, a nice variety of arenas and immersive music!Highly recommended!"
76561198218978804,Recommended,270450,35346427,Posted: 30 September,all,Xygen,"anyone who says this game is bad are probobly lonley ♥♥♥♥s who want to act like theyre so great in judgment, ♥♥♥♥ing yelp users. THIS GAME IS GREAT not reccomended for people who get seizures."
76561197982067351,Recommended,270450,35506494,Posted: 5 October,all,DarkiLordito,"A incredibly fun game, perfect for playing with friends. The gameplay is good enough that it doesn't become repetitive, atleast for me. There's also some cosmetics if you're really into that."
