user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,270590,11121648,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Baltasar,"My first impression:Long night indeed looks and feels like the old horror adventures I used to love during the Playstation era. I am not very far in the game (I hope), but I am already certain, that I will finish it.A few (unsorted) notes:- The controls are as good or as bad as most action adventures of the era Long Night tries to connect to.- There is no combat. Think Clocktower, not Resident Evil.- There is little explanation of the health system. Sometimes I die, sometimes I don't.- You can turn off checkpoints (there are save points, make sure to memorize the locations) and interaction popups (tapping A/X while bumbing along the wall is back, yay). This replaces a difficulty system and greatly improves immersion.- The game is not dubbed.- Story is represented by short visual novel style films.- Make sure you are a quick reader! The text in the videos is so fast, reading the text, looking at the picture and understanding what's going on can be a pain.- There is a lot of text to read. Books, notes, journals, diaries. You can also click on most items and read a description. This is a feature most modern games are missing. Yes, I want to read more about that picture on the wall, that plate on the table and that empty bed with smelly sheets. Well done!- Most of the text was obviously not written by an English native speaker. This might be bad for some, but it brings back the charme of the genre ca. 2000, when all games like this came from Japan, with weird translations. This one however, rather sounds like good French English... and I was right, it's a French developer!- You can freely roam the camp, as free as you can roam any place in a horror game at least.- As the main cast is a bunch of teens, be ready for a lot of teen tropes.- There is an actual inventory.- I spent 88 minutes in the game without finding a map. The camp is not that big, but...- ...the camera angles do not really help in finding my way and knowing where I am. I actually have no idea of the geometry of that camp, thanks to that camera. Like I said, the game reproduces a late 90's charme, including those fun details we actually never missed. EDIT: According to the comments, there is a map. Thanks to Choux.The first five minutes were full of ""Ugh, the visuals!"" and ""Err, controls..."", but then it was like ""Aaaah, I missed it!""Best five bucks I have spent in a while!"
,Not Recommended,270590,11132604,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Flamedrake,"This game is a mess.The bulk of the game is spent running around a huge, empty campground stuffed full of cabins you can't enter -- outside of this main map, there are only four locations in the whole chapter, and as near as I can tell one of those is optional. But don't worry, you'll find a whopping two puzzles in the whole game to help pass the time!The whole time you're outside, you're constantly being assaulted by some sort of ghost thing who runs after you, and since the whole place is linear corridors, the only way to escape is backwards. The only way to get rid of her is to either outrun her until she gets bored or you reach one of a handful of hiding spots which get rid of her 100% of the time (a heavily oversimplified take on the system from Clock Tower). You can get this down to a science after a couple of attempts and every time she shows up -- about once every 45 seconds by the end -- it's just an annoying detour.The story makes absolutely no sense, and the giant walls of text that make up the notes do little to give a sense that any more thought was put into what happens than Weird Things Are Afoot. The closest it ever comes to a coherent narrative is in that one area that I'm pretty sure you can skip entirely.The final area is kind of cool visually, but it's an absolute dog to play and starts and ends abruptly with no real attempt at coherency. Near as I could tell it had NOTHING to do with ANY of the other ~spooky stuff~ in the rest of the game. Finally, after about fifty deaths or so, I reached the end, it played a cryptic cutscene that wrapped up nothing and dumped me unceremoniously back to the main menu.Graphically it's sort of OK and the controls are decent when you're not wrestling with the camera (camera-relative controls and dramatic camera angles clash once again) but outside of that there's really nothing that gets me itching to play episode 2."
,Not Recommended,270590,12048084,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,EatGeekStudy,"I really wanted to like this game, but alas. The controls are not very intuitive and the entire thing, while pretty, is badly designed. The main character is incapable of running in a straight line, which means that as you are chased by insanly fast enemies, you pinball back and forth on the enviroment in die. A lot. In addition, they tried to be artistic with the camera angles, but it simply made the controls even more difficult and made it hard to see.Overall, I wouldn't recommend it, even if you do have a game pad. Save yourself the anger."
76561198048974498,Recommended,270590,12106857,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,rjmacready,"There's a lot of GOOD in this game, and a fair bit of BAD as well.  And let's not forget the UGLY...The GOOD:  Spooky atmosphere, effective jump-scares, logical puzzles, genuinely interesting storyline (complete with clever red herrings), nice in-game graphics and well-designed sound.  Oh, and it's mercifully short, at least thus far (though I believe there are more episodes to come).The BAD:  A slight lack of check and save-points (especially at very beginning and very end), cheap/amateurish cut scenes (with, granted, their heart in the right place), and a fair dose of ""what the hell am I supposed to do next?"" confusion throughout.The UGLY:  Frustratingly frequent and mechanically awkward ""chase"" sequences in which obstructively-placed foliage has as much chance of killing you as you have of successfully making it to one of the clearly-designated hiding spots (the convenience of which is dependent upon which direction you happen to run in).  The first such sequence, barely ten minutes into the game, nearly made me throw in the towel right there and then...but you get used to it.  Kind of.Overall I'd say that the good ultimately emerges triumphant, but we'll have to see how future episodes pan out...and here's hoping said episodes will be free to those who have already bought the game, or at the very least dirt-cheap (five bucks a pop being a bit of a stretch, in all honesty).Verdict: 7.5/10."
,Not Recommended,270590,17195935,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Moonkingdomify,"Don't buy this. They say that they're inspired by the old classic survival horror games but they aren't. In those games you could defend yourself or even run away fairly easily, this one, not so much.Look I didn't get far enough into the game to be able to suggest whether you should play it or not, but I really didn't have to to get the experience I would be having throughout the entire game.The game makes it so that you have a stamina meter, but if you stop moving for half a second the monster catches up to you and you die. The music, from what I gathered was cliche, it wasn't horrible, so that's a bonus I guess.The cutscenes have no voice acting, only subtitles while they quickly switch between slides, giving you no time to read what the characters are saying unless the subtitles take up more than one slide.This is not how you make a horror game."
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,270590,12760896,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,fabio,"EDIT: Changing this review to negative now that the studio has come out and said they ran out of money and the game will never be completed.Basically it's an indie Silent Hill meets Obscure without any combat. The graphics look halfway between a PS1 and PS2 game and there's a slight unpolished feel to things. Controls are weird (WASD to move, spacebar to sprint?) and cannot be changed. I would say a gamepad is almost mandatory.That said I would still recommend it.  The atmosphere is creepy. For most of the time there is only one enemy but it's creepy as hell and you never know where it's going to pop up and send you into a panic attack trying to get away. While the graphics are primative and performance unpolished, it has that unique art design most Frech games have and it works. At less than $5 it's worth the price if you're into survival horror games.One gameplay complaint I have is they never explain to you how health or dying works. You have a ""mental state"" that seems like health but I never noticed it do anything when it got low. When the enemy catches you, sometimes it's an instant death, sometimes it's harmless. I played through this episode twice and I still have no clue about either.  ""Health"" doesn't seem connected to the enemy killing you and your mental state sometimes degrades on its own. The game tells you to use inhalers to restore your mental state but there's a VERY limited amount and you are never given any clue when or why you need to use them because you never notice mental state affecting anything. There's still more episode to go so hopefully they'll fix that.One STORY complaint I have is you coming across a document related to the central plot that is such a blatant X-Files reference (right down to one of the people having the exact same name!) that it breaks the immersion a bit."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,270590,13666071,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trvprxLUolkLong Night is an adventure/horror game operated entirely by thekeyboard, with no mouse options.  It is told in a third person perspective,with a comic-esque feel.  The story is upfront, but the atmosphere is whatgives this game meaning.  Rather than a horror feel, this game has adetective element to it.I didn't really experience a feeling of horror, or being afraid ofwhat lurks around the corner, but if you look at it as a detective game witha spook element, this game does well.I enjoyed the story arc and atmosphere of the game, but unfortunatelyit is part one of a series that isn't going to be completed.  Based on that,as a consumer I would not recommend this game, as it leaves an unsatisfiedfeeling.This is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here:http:/www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198089031078,Not Recommended,270590,15697833,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,oddity,"The people making the game went out of business, so Episode 2 will, to my knowledge, never be released. So if you are looking for a game which will eventually be updated or even finished, look elsewhere.Episode 1 itself is rather unpolished, and although it can be fun, it's not worth the price considering the story will never be resolved."
,Not Recommended,270590,16804490,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,The controls felt weird and broken for the most part. I couldn't sit for more than 15 minutes a session but I can see some potential there. Sadly it felt incomplete to me.
,Not Recommended,270590,13400029,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Gentle Chemicals,"Okay, the execution of it all was pretty good. The developers took some serious inspiration from Silent Hill with surreal atmospheres, frustratingly deliberate camera angles and view-dependent control schemes. Overall, it was well executed.The reason I do not recommend this game is that it is waaay too short. I know it's only episode 1, but the 2.4 hours I spent playing the game do not warrant the $5 I spent to get it. Most of 2.4 hours I spent playing this was me repeating the same frustrating chase scene or overly confusing shark puzzle. I know this is titled as ""episode 1"" but even episodes have resolutions to the stories within them. The story that was started was in no way resolved, and the ending rasied way more questions than it did answers. I left the game feeling unsatisfied, and wanting more than I got. While wanting more is usually a good sign, and encourages players to buy the next piece of the series, I don't think I will be buying the next one. Especially if the episode is as short as this one was.If you want to spend $5 on a very small, albeit well done, content then maybe Long Night is your time. The cut scenes were well done, the atmosphere was spot on, but I honestly feel like the developers could have released more content, or at least fixed a few common bugs in gameplay before release. It's not as if the game is bad by any means... it's actually really good! It just feels more like a long demo than it does a first episode to a series.I really liked the world of Long Night, but I would not buy the next episode unless I was assured there be more content and less glitchy gameplay."
76561198078309831,Not Recommended,270590,14614878,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,leonidasornelas,"Zero stars.  This game looks good but that is all it has going for it since it needs to fool gamers into buying it!  I just played it for the first time and I'm running from some banshee chic, but my avatar runs out of breath of I run for to long.  Nothing in the environment reacts to the interact button, the story is a bunch of stills which I can forgive but to call a game ""like the classic survival horrror games of old"" can only be true if the classic Resident Evil, and Silent Hill games sucked!!!!!  This game has no atmospherte, no patients for building up tension and is just plain bad.  Don't buy this one.  Torrent the game and then delete it because this is how bad it sucks."
76561198006849221,Recommended,270590,20022749,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,rjazz2,"The game is short, incomplete. About 2 hours.  It was supposed to be part 1 of 3 but the studio supposedly shut down. Has potential."
,Not Recommended,270590,30859115,Posted: 31 March,all,SRS 995,"Not recommended. Could dig the oldschool survival horror in general, if the execution weren't so terrible. If you still want to get it, note that this is only episode 1, and there is no continuation after the cliffhanger ending of this VERY short episode.The premise is classic and compelling - haunted camping grounds, Native American ghost legends, with a nice dose of personal psychological horrors the character/s has/have to deal with. A camping trip with friends, a local urban legend, a spooky dare gone wrong, and our protagonist finds himself alone and scared, looking for his friends and hunted and haunted by a ghostly woman. So far, so good. The added effect of monitoring the protagonist's fear-level and dealing with his asthma (?) to reduce it seems a nice touch, but lacks in effects and ends up looking more like a poor attempt to emulate similar elements from better games.The gameplay suffers primarily from stiff, occasionally bugged controls and repetitive elements. While I don't mind the often surprising and - with a few unintentionally comical exceptions - rather unforgiving attacks and opportunities to die so much, given that it's rare you'll make too much progress without coming across a save point (use those whenever you see them - you'll often backtrack to older ones, but there aren't that many in the game), I do mind their unoriginality. A few ""bad choice"" deaths and a slightly more interesting though very railroaded boss fight notwithstanding, the primary threat is the aforementioned ghost woman, who will upon your entering an area occasionally appear, scream, and begin to chase you down. Once or twice you may be lucky and she will disappear before reaching you (she also seems unable to enter certain areas, making it easy for you to lose her depending on your positioning) but for the most part she will insta-kill you upon reaching you. To evade her, you may simply dodge into one of the designated hide spots, and it is generally very easy to lose her, unless you happen to be badly positioned, such as trapped by a dead end. The game therefore presents mostly frustration-deaths, forcing you to backtrack a little and try again, hoping for a better angle this time. The faulty controls may also do you a disservice here if you enter an area from the wrong side and directions are mirrored until you let go of your movement keys for a moment. Not so convenient when you're running for your life.My greatest problem with the game is, however, that it is insultingly short. Yes, even for the price, even for an ""episode 1"". If you're an idiot like me and need forever to understand that no, you really can't/shouldn't taunt the ghost and lead her on a merry chase, you may spend up to two hours on it. I like trying things out, and I can be stubborn when I think a boss fight should work the way I want it to work, what can I say - entirely my fault. But more than likely, you will be done much quicker.All in all, there was some real potential for an indy game here. I don't mind the rough edges such as some (!) issues with the controls, the mediocre graphics, or the nostalgia feeling of a somewhat rough and tumble, simple third personal survival game. But with the complete lack of conclusion or real explanation of the setting (you may piece it together from notes you find, if you care to read them all), the short duration, and the additional flaws of repetitive gameplay and stiff, buggy controls, I can't even use nostalgia as an excuse to recommend it. You may think ""It's only five bucks!"" or ""It's on sale!"" but for that money, you'll be left with what feels like nothing but the barest prologue to a game.I'd completely change my mind if it were finished, but it isn't, and from the looks of it it won't be, so I can't recommend this game.To the developers, it'd be prudent to finish the game and move away from the episodic release. For everybody who has already bought your game, they have already overpaid for it. Not that I imagine that will happen, but here are my two cents."
,Not Recommended,270590,26710631,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Rammsteniako,"The game is good, but I dont recommend it since the dev didnt complete it ): 6/10"
,Not Recommended,270590,11140238,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,LilMsScareAll,"I am legitimately SHOCKED at the positive reviews this game is receiving. I played 105 minutes or so, mostly because of the infuriating and deliberately clunky ""running puzzles"" that compose the last HALF of this title. I sincerely wish I could have my $4.99 back, because I wouldn't spend more than $1 on this game or any subsequent chapters. The only thing I can think of is that people who backed the game feel overly fond of it, or the friends of the developers are being very outspoken here.To elaborate...THE PROS:*Great cut-scene graphics, very Gone Home meets Telltale games. A pity they flash so fast that you can't read the text, though.*Retro-style nostalgia in abundance, even the year it takes place in.*A fairly interesting storyline.*A ""creepy, scary"" villian type that is pretty unnerving.*Decent cliffhanger ending. I feel sincerely intrigued by what happens in the rest of the story, but...THE CONS:*Horrible controls. I understand the Retro static camera, but the poor controls paired with the ""running puzzles"" and the fact the main character has asthma simply make the game 100x more frustrating than fun.*Short -- If the clunky running mechanics hadn't have doubled my time, I'd have finished this in 35-45mins. Tops. Totally not worth $4.99 in my book!*No audio controls -- not to disable the music, nor slider-bar it down. The music isn't -bad- it's just loud compared to the other sounds, and it somehow makes my head want to explode when getting frustrated with the running puzzles.*Poor Storytelling ""plot devices."" I'm all for foreshadowing, or having a plot arch that spans the entire series of episodes. However, when you present a LOT of story elements that the player can't unravel and decipher until they purchase the later episodes, it just feels weak....and that's just what I can think of, off the top of my head. If the other episodes were included FREE with this $4.99 purchase, I -might- be able to recommend it. Maybe. But probably not, because this game just left me insanely frustrated and completely confused as to why the reviews are so overwhelmingly positive thus far."
76561198020085437,Recommended,270590,11132587,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Nokzen,"Actually quite scary this game :)havent completed it yet, but so far i kinda enjoy it.Try it out guys, for this price its worth it.A bit of gameplay here:http://youtu.be/r0ust1RAf-s"
,Recommended,270590,11125273,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,SKX,I really enjoyed this game and its reworking of the classic survival horror genre. Visuals suit the tone of the game and I look forward to the next episodes. Please don't take too long.
76561198023356030,Recommended,270590,12496054,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,radbrad100,This game is a bit of a throw back to the early 2000's with it's own campy style. I highly enjoyed it. What this game did was accomplish more for me so far (hour and 20 min's in) is a good building of scare and alot of emotion as you find out more about  a certian someone. i actually throughly enjoyed this and surprised at how good it was.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5u7Ayrrups&feature=youtu.be
,Not Recommended,270590,20759716,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Anna_Mei,"Don't do it.Got it for $.99 thinking it's just a dollar. That money would have been better off in the trash.Controls are terrible, gameplay in general is crap. It's 2016 and there's no episode 2 for obvious reasons. Ain't worth it."
,Recommended,270590,11323773,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,RAIZO,"So far so good.  That graphics and sound, the atomosphere, and especially the camera angles are highly reminiscent of classic Resident Evil and Silent HIll games.  The only downside to the 1st part in my opinion is the final battle (if you can call it that) with the shark, but otherwise this is a good start and I can't wait to see what the rest has in store.  If you're hesitant to get this, just keep in mind it's only $5 and should keep you busy for around 2-3 hrs."
76561198114254254,Recommended,270590,11372701,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,"A fetid, reeking old prostitute","This is very, very Resident Evil. Not really a jump-scare game, but more like an under-the-skin kind of horror. It's like John Carpenter gone 8-bit. Unfortunately, due to my being a spineless coward when it comes to video games, I quit not long after the encounter with the scary prom queen who wants your undying (or possibly undead) love. I'm gonna make myself try again, and when I do, I'm sure I'm in for a treat."
76561198140031433,Recommended,270590,13778624,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,gparlade,"A rather short game. But this is after all, the first installment. The game does remind me of those 90's style horror flicks about a bunch of teens going into the woods...The puzzles are decent but mainly irrelevant in some cases.I would likely get the next episode."
76561198068363941,Recommended,270590,12180077,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Tr0llz0r151,"Episode one was short and left off with a sort of cliff-hanger ending, but I loved the games resemblance to Silent Hill. It was truly awesome and I can't wait for Episode 2."
76561197994788483,Recommended,270590,14980886,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Eriyonai,"I really liked this game.I don't often write game reviews, so I'll do my best to keep this to the point and not ramble on too much. Or at the very least, keep it organized.STORY: There is clearly a -lot- of stuff going on in this story, and in an episodic game, obviously you're going to be left with a lot of loose ends after just the first chapter. I'm a bit of a completionist and a fast reader, so I was perfectly happy to track down and read every single note and diary in the game, and it didn't break the flow for me at all, but those who lost patience with games such as Amnesia in this regard might not be so keen. I don't mind feeling confused about a game's story as long as the mystery is actually compelling and not just a bunch of random run-of-the-mill spooky bull, and for me, it definitely is compelling. The main draw for me isn't the history behind the creepy going-ons, though-- let's face it, it's pretty much all been done and it's nothing against the game when I say I don't expect much there -- but the dynamic of the four main characters and learning more about their stories. In the under two hours it took me to finish this episode, I actually felt a little emotionally invested in the characters' fates, which isn't a familiar feeling for me when it comes to horror games.GAMEPLAY: I'll be honest -- I almost quit at the very first confrontation, because I got myself killed just about twenty times in a row; and the last checkpoint was directly -before- a non-skippable cutscene. It was ridiculous. BUT stay with me. Yes, it can be tricky at first being chased around the map because a) your camera is all over the place man it does not just follow right behind you and b) it's hella dark and you know in horror movies how when they're running they always look back and trip on something yeah this will basically literally happen because there are bushes everywhere so you'll be running and your camera will flip the ♥♥♥♥ out and next thing you know you're careening into a bush and then you're dead. but hey if you look at it that way, it just adds to the challenge, right? also, your character is asthmatic, which means if you overuse sprint, he'll have an attack and literally just be unable to move. this is actually a detail I really like, because while lots of horror games have the exhaustion mechanic, this one actually comes up with a good explanation for why your character has the stamina of a two year old (among the sleep also had a good explantion in that your character was in fact a two year old).After all the practice of that first confrontation, though, and realizing that the little glowy blue things are places you can hide (thanks for the heads up, game, I should have known that the proper thing to do when running for my life was stop and investigate shiny stuff by the side of the road ) the rest of the game was perfectly playable.SCARINESS: Let's keep it real here; horror games are my favorite thing in the world, but I'm an enormous wussy. I wouldn't play them if I wasn't in it for a good rush though. With that said, for me, this game had a really nice balance in this department. There are areas where you feel constantly vulnerable, areas where you feel pretty safe (a nice relief from constant tension) and areas where you really have no idea what's going on and isn't that so much worse. There was a good atmosphere throughout and a refreshing variety of different types of creepy, none of which were particularly jump-scarey -- another plus. It was satisfyingly scary / creepy without being cripplingly so. I felt nervous, tense, and sometimes downright on-edge, but not uncomfortably stressed.ADVICE FOR NEW PLAYERS: You can hide in the blue glowy spots. The little glowy insignias on the wall in some places allow you to save. There's a map in the D4's cabin that you can take. As you find hiding spots, visit cabins, and find dead ends, they will be marked on there. Super useful. Also, you can't run when you're holding your lighter.TLDR; Overall, an interesting storyline with a lot of depth and detail. Good soundtrack, pleasant art and atmosphere in general. Under-instructive in spots, but I prefer that to games that don't let you think at all. A casually fun challenge level, moderately scary, and mechanics that were definitely imperfect but not enough to detract from the overall experience. Not a game for everyone, but one that I personally loved, and would pay to see a second installment of."
76561198089314630,Recommended,270590,11124391,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Solaires,I enjoy the horror genre but with many of the newer games they don't leave such a dark and eerily haunting presence such as the old horror games for playstaion 1 like Silent Hill. Added to it most games leave out the fun little puzzles that make your game worth wild and being chased by murderous enemies you can't fend off until you find their cryptonite or solve the gruelingly dark mystery. This game stays true to that classic feel and I can't wait to play all the episodes.-The bad maybe of this game is that you might have it crash before starting but the easy fix is your graphics on low.
,Recommended,270590,11125650,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,F3,"Not a bad little game to pass away a few hours or so. Cheap as chips to buy, some nice scares. The controls can be slightly ill feeling at times, although this doesn't spoil the gameplay. I'll be interested to see how this develops. It'll never be a box office smash, but for this price, it certainly provides a bang for the bucks.Recommended."
76561197994434457,Not Recommended,270590,24762008,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Antic Dizposition,"Here is an analogy that I feel best describes the game.  Resident Evil and Silent Hill had a drunken one night stand. It was fun, and in the morning they both exchanged phone numbers and parted ways. Of course, neither parties ever had the intention of seeing one another again. However, after a month Resident Evil got a phone call. It was Silent Hill, she was pregnant and he was the father. Resident Evil denies the allegation, and Silent Hill vehemently protests that he was the only cartridge that has been in her console.After time, Resident Evil accepts his new role as a father, and becomes more invested. He starts bringing Silent Hill to her medical appointments, and even began taking a parenting course at the local Y. However, just as things were looking up, tragedy struck. The baby that Silent Hill was carrying was diagnosed with Down Syndrome. It was identified after a routine blood test and then was confirmed by amniocentesis. There was no question: Resident Evil and Silent Hill was having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby. After many tears and much debate, Silent Hill decided that she wanted to abort this baby. However, she could not stand to tell Resident Evil. Instead, she orchestrated a plan to miscarry the baby. In the third trimester, she threw herself down the 3 flight of stairs that led to the apartment that her and Resident Evil now shared. Resident Evil heard the screams, ran out and was horrified by the sight before him; Silent Hill was at the bottom of the stairs, unconscious and bleeding profusely from her head and ♥♥♥♥♥♥.At the hospital. Resident Evil sat by Silent Hill's side as the machines clicked and beeped, keeping her alive. She had been in a coma for several weeks, with no signs of getting better. Her massive trauma resulted in serious damage to the brain and organs. Miraculously, the baby survived, but with unknown side effects from the fall. The doctors explain to Resident Evil that the baby is at risk, and they must perform a C-section to save the child. However, the result will most likely be fatal for Silent Hill. After several minutes of silence, Resident Evil agrees. He kisses Silent Hill one final time and allow the doctors to perform the operation.Several months pass. Resident Evil is sitting in his nursery, rocking his child. The birth had been a success, however, in addition to Down Syndrome the baby has also been born with serious physical disabilities as a result of the fall. Resident Evil looks up at a portrait of Silent Hill he had set next to the crib. He gently rocked his baby and said “Look there Long Night, one day you will become as beautiful, and popular and cutting edge as your mother.” However, deep inside, Resident Evil knew that this was a lie.I think that sums it up perfectly."
,Recommended,270590,11273037,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Chaotic Zombie,"Long Night is a wonderful new game that recaptures the style of  the Playstation era horror games. Along with that style, it has many of the quirks and gameplay flaws that are expected. Overall it is a very enjoyable experience, it is erie, the story is interesting, and the characters are likeable. There are however some huge flaws in the game, and I hope that the developers listen to the fans before releasing Episode 2.Major Flaw #1: The speed of enemies. I am just fine with having fixed camera angles that sometime interfere with the controls, it's the style of the game, and frankly I enjoy it. The only problem is that enemies move as such a ridiculous speed, that when a camera angle change occurs it can completely screw you up. It no longer becomes a frightening pursuit, and instead becomes a series of trial and error.Major Flaw #2: Without spoiling too much, there is some bad puzzle design at the end of the game, specifically one that requires no brains, and merely trial and error (it involves a stain glass floor). Really that whole last scene was just trial and error, I hope we don't see more of that in Episode 2.Final verdict: It's a great retro-style game, and if you enjoyed PS era horror you shouldn't miss Long Night, in spite of its flaws."
,Recommended,270590,11158752,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Zeke. ru,"The atmosphere is creepy as di**s. Music, sounds, light (better to say lack of light) - all is for the good. Havent finnished it yet, but first impression - good old-school game. If you like *Obscure* you will like this game too (exept for no co-op =(). Rly enjoy playing it, even there are some minuses. But you have to understand, it is the indie game, dont ask too much. Have to say, it is a very good content for very resonable price (actually very low price for such a good game). Still have to finish it, but everything is done professionally and with <3 P.S. make co-op, plz :3"
76561198145616975,Recommended,270590,13428755,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Alteric Jeske,"Before you start up the game, it says the experience is more enjoyable with a gamepad. What it should really say is, ""Game is impossible unless you use a gamepad.""  Five minutes into the game and I cannot continue cause that crazy♥♥♥♥♥woman who chases you always catches me cause I keep running into walls.  Oh and you either have to go full out run or she'll get you, problem with that is if you do that you run out of breath and she catches you anyways.I'm going to put any further playing of this on pause till I can get my hands on a gamepad, when I do I'll update my review.  But as of right now, I cannot recommend this game on gameplay.  But on idea and story, I will recommend it for anyone who has a gamepad."
,Recommended,270590,11242186,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Speedwerd,"A hidden gem in the sea of slender clones and horror games that consist of nothing but jump scares.Long Night heavily relies on a story driven narrative and static camera angles, like the old Resident Evil and Silent Hill games. The first half of the game is slow but involves heavy character development and eventually it picks up into an interesting game that ends on a cliffhanger that future chapters/episodes should continue.Easily worth the five dollars it costs and a no brainer if you are a survival horror fan!"
76561198039141869,Recommended,270590,11274187,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Panos,old school horror game!it reminds you silent hill 1 and resident evil on Psx.. 5/5 stars!
76561198011362675,Not Recommended,270590,11947852,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TheVampyreSade,unplayable
,Not Recommended,270590,12302388,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Theorem_RHD,Unplayable -5$
,Not Recommended,270590,13287224,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,K.,"Out of all my purchases I only regret this one. What am I supposed to do? It's just the begining of the game, nosave option, if I close the game I have to play the god awful tutorial again. Xbox controller support is little to non existent. RB and RT don't let me sprint but L3 does etc."
,Recommended,270590,11124508,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,CjuGames,Only if it's cheap.
76561198036158282,Recommended,270590,12420844,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Daxabyte,"The game is very good in a lot of ways and at worst a bit frustrating. The game has a very good feel as far as atmosphere goes, which is one of the biggest things you can ask from a horror game. It is an interesting idea and for being part 1 is very good. The game uses a different method for a quote unquote ""sanity meter"" based in asthma. The absolutle worst part of this game is in the controls, they are very Resident evil-esc. Now when I say the worst part I mean taking something very good and finding what isn't as good as everything else. The controls CAN be a bit wonky at times causing in a bit of frustration in tense situations, but over all if you are looking for a good horror game to take up somewhere around 3 hours plus or minus, this game is for you. If you are on the fence yourself about the game feel free to check out my playthrough of it and see what you think.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3pxS032g_4"
76561198006227245,Recommended,270590,12217340,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,The Bagman,"I bought this game on a whim during the French Indie sale.From the first minute onwards the game does a great job of giving back the atmosphere of the classic survival horror games from the late 90's, while sporting graphics that don't make the connection seem forced. Just like in Clock Tower combat is not possible, the only option is to run and hide. There are only three hide spots in the entire game though, and I didn't have to visit them very often. The puzzles were fun, but pretty few, which I guess is because of the episode formatting. Also the entire plot becomes known within the first 15 minutes of play time, which could have been a bit more stretched. Maybe there will be some twists left.All in all the game was extremely fascinating to play, but fell a little short. I'm definitely getting episode 2 on release."
