user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,270850,8834782,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,phreakindee,"Several notable annoyances, but this is an enjoyable ""lite"" simulator of working on cars!I say lite because it is not a true simulation by any means. It's a moderate approximation of working on modern day cars, but plays more like a puzzle game. That said, what it does offer is quite enjoyable if you like cars or just problem-solving in general. You're given a car and a description of the problem, sometimes specific and sometimes vague, and it's up to you to figure it out.Often this will involve poking around with a magnifying glass to see if something is glowing red, other times it will mean taking a test drive and seeing what rattles. Come back, take it apart, buy a part online or repair it, replace the part, there you go. Sometimes it'll be as straightforward as changing the oil or brake pads, other times it'll involve tearing down a significant portion of the drivetrain to get to a hard-to-reach part. It's not too complex either, with just the right amount of detail to be believable, but not *every* nut, bolt, and wire from a real car is accounted for. I find it very satisfying to be presented with a car that doesn't work for who knows what reason, poke around and inspect all sorts of parts, go shopping for new ones online, install them, find you need more parts, finish it off and finally take it for that successful test drive around the track. It also looks and sounds fantastic while you're doing it, which is not a requirement in this genre but it's a nice plus if you have the hardware.My biggest issues: sometimes it's far too vague and makes a lot of assumptions about what you know. If you don't have a basic knowledge of car parts and their locations, too bad, you're going to be stumbling around a lot since it doesn't tell you where most things are or how many of them to look for. It's also not initially very clear *how* exactly to get to the parts you need to repair, even if you can see them, which is made worse by the camera being finicky. Also, some jobs are insanely picky, like one where you have to replace an ignition wire with a new one: the game gives you the option to replace the wire with used ones, but nope, it has to be new (or over some ambiguous percentage of quality) even though it doesn't tell you this. It is also incredibly easy to screw yourself out of money, since there is a way to upgrade your abilities in the game. If you spend too much on these upgrades before finishing a job, you may not have the cash needed to buy the parts to finish it, leaving you stuck.I'd still recommend it for sim enthusiasts and the car-curious though, as the price seems *just fair enough* for the amount of enjoyment I've gotten out of it! However, it's lacking in some areas as far as accessibility, clarity, and variety in things to do. It's not as in-depth as some previous games like Gearhead Garage, but it's not nearly as simple as some of the flash games I've played either."
,Recommended,270850,15164766,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Educational & Relaxing // Perfect For Those Looking To Learn+ Skill upgrades and store discounts are available via in-game surplus, allowing one to improve their performance when working on repairs+ Wear and tear is visibly rendered+ Occasional, subtle humor found throughout many of the repair orders+ Educational and engaging; excellent tool in self-teaching the basics of automotive function and repair+ Limited, but enjoyable soundtrack+ Adds depth by use of a feature which allows one to inspect parts for damage or decay; parts inspected are then color-coded for convenience (this feature can be toggled, thankfully)+ Test drives do much to help one determine what is not performing optimally; game uses nuances of sound and handling in a very polished fashion+ Includes 2 free DLC packs and an 'unlimited' repair mode; in particular, the 'unlimited' repair mode helps to increase the chances that one will occasionally return for casual bouts of auto repair (highly likely, as the atmosphere of this title is very relaxed)+ Sound bytes and crisp visuals make for an immensely satisfying experience+ Diagnostics tests and chip tuning further add to a feeling of immersion; this becomes more pronounced as your garage is 'upgraded' throughout the central 'campaign' (for lack of a more convenient term)+ Customer description of problems helps one to correlate malfunctioning componenets with their likely presentable symptoms- Poor optimization; game runs in a way that is inordinately taxing- Parts shop has no search feature- Camera can become frustrating in certain circumstances (namely when working with exhaust systems)- Not enough variance in cars or basic design; problems, therefore, become predictable a bit early onLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561197980804400,Recommended,270850,11012138,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Tantalus,"It's not a tremendously accurate simulation by any means, but it's great fun nonetheless, and it might even teach you some of the basics about how cars are put together.  The repairs themselves usually follow a standard plot:  run diagnostics (test drive, OBD checker, etc) or examine the parts yourself until you find the one or two parts that are bad, remove as many parts as are necessary to remove the bad parts, buy replacements for the bad parts from your garage computer (or repair them if possible), then install the new parts and replace everything else.At least, that's how it's *supposed* to go.  If you want to go a different (*cough* chop shop *cough*) route, you can make use of the otherwise mostly useless used parts store also on your garage's computer.Say your job is to replace some bad brake pads.  To get to those pads, you'll also have to remove the tire and the brake caliper.  The parts that you don't need to replace for a job are usually in pristine condition, meaning that if you sell them, you'll get a much higher price for them.  All you have to do is go to the used parts store and see if they have a working caliper and tire for that car that's in okay condition (as long as it's better than red condition, it should work).  Of course, they might not have a barely working caliper or tire for that car, but they might have an exhaust manifold that will be just perfect.  So, remove the original exhaust manifold too.  As long as it's in better condition than what the used parts store is selling, you'll profit.  Sell off the originals, buy/install the used parts, and pocket the difference.  Your clueless customers will drive off happy, and you will have sold off perfectly good parts of their car for a tidy profit."
76561198099305594,Recommended,270850,12890051,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,JackRiordan,"After reading several reviews and noticing it was on sale, I decided to give this game a try. I have a Quad Core 3.8ghz AMD, GeForce 730 2gb Graphics Card, and 8gb DDR3 RAM. As soon as I loaded up the first vehicle in the game, I experienced low framerates. I exited and changed the video settings to Quality High, Resolution 1280x720, VSync OFF, Antialiasing DISABLED (These are the same settings I use for DayZ, which gives me 40+FPS). I now have 0 drop in framerate, and the game still looks beautiful. I've been an experienced mechanic for over 10 years. I am a certified CNC Machinist, as well as a certified Mercedes-Benz Technician. I've been a gamer since the NES days. The graphics are really good, and I haven't experienced any noticeable bugs, glitches, or clipping issues. The sound is ok, but nothing to brag about. I did listen to the radio, but had turned it down 50% before I even started. I never found it to be annoying. Movement around the shop environment is pretty smooth. No issues there. The game starts every level with a worksheet that explains what the customer wants you to check for or replace. Great thing is, you can refer back to this worksheet at anytime. Most of the parts can be visually inspected without removing them, but a lot of parts can only be inspected upon removing something in front of it (i.e. a timing belt before inspecting the water pump). The electrical components must be checked using the OBD Scan Tool. You are also able to test drive vehicles in order to diagnose bad parts, and the physics are good. Right clicking the mouse opens a menu allowing you to install parts, remove parts, turn the chassis transparency off/on, and turn the parts color, such as red, yellow, and green corresponding to the condition, off/on. Some of the parts can simply be removed, others must be unbolted and bolted back on. Everything must be installed in the reverse order of removal. Yes, you can forget to install parts, but you cannot give the car back to the customer until you fix your mistakes. The game automatically checks tasks off your worksheet as you complete them. After a little over an hour of playing, I found this game to be very fun. I'm impressed that any developer would tackle a game like this, and with such detail. Don't expect it to be 100% realistic, such as every nut and bolt, accurate pricing, names of cars, etc. I don't think anyone could learn the basics of car repair from this game, but I do think someone can use this game to understand the overall concept of automotive repair. I honestly don't have anything bad to say about this game. I wish the concept of this game would've implemented on Forza, Grand Turismo, or Need For Speed a long time ago! If you're interested in automotive repair, get this game now that it's on sale."
,Recommended,270850,13414733,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Chuck_AF,I take good parts off of customer's cars and replace them with bad ones.10/10
,Recommended,270850,13577050,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kevsirel™,"I repair cars for a living (Voke school)I bought this game since I was:1) Intreged by it2) To help me ""freshen"" my skillsThis game is accurate for the most part, and it is addicting. Some inaccuracies is that V-6s are vertically split, not horizontal (due to game mechanics, I can see why they did this). Plus, most oil filters are at the bottom of the engine, not next to the dip stick.Like i said, mostly accurate, addicting, and fun, makes this game its own original series.Final Rating: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,270850,16551363,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sir Motorsheep the Marbled,"So as a trained mechanic and a general gearhead, I figured I just had to pick this up.However, after going through the first four or five jobs, I gotta say:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I recommend this as a puzzle game, but not as a ""simulator"" or educational game----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pick it up if it's on sale - it's fun to fiddle around with and see how fast you can find the problem. But the game is far, far away from simulating the really important things about being a mechanic.I guess if the devs implemented a few more challenges like stuck bolts, and the need to use the right amount of force (and maybe to pick the appropriately sized tools for the task), this would be much more challenging. I'd love to see that implemented, maybe by dragging the mouse to keep a ""torque bar"" in the green area or something.Pros:+ you get to learn about lots of car parts and what they do+ it's fun to figure out what the problem is+ sometimes you get one symptom with several causes - just like in real life. Very good.+ sometimes, you can fix parts instead of replacing them. That's something many real life garages seem to have forgotten.So why am I giving it a thumbs down?Well.Some of the most basic and most important things about fixing cars are missing. The game reduces disassembly and assembly to clicking a few bolts:- No torque requirements for bolts in sensitive places.- No stuck bolts that you can break off.- No need to pick the correct tool for the task.- No caveats where order of disassembly is important because of the mechanics or the electrical systems. You're either prevented from making mistakes, or the things that would be mistakes in real life don't matter. The worst I've seen so far: I can rip out the starter without even disconnecting the battery - now there's a recipe for disaster.Other cons:- the real life challenge of saving time by disassembling as few things as possible in order to get to the damaged part is missing. Maybe it comes in at a later stage of the career, but as far as I've played, you can happily rip apart the whole car if you feel like it without any financial repercussions.- Different versions of the same part for different model years? Multiple vendors with different price and quality levels? Delivery times? Everything that makes the ""parts"" part of a mechanic's business challenging is missing."
76561197987539220,Not Recommended,270850,8834016,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,andysmuck,"I expected something in the vicinity of gearhead garage but it truly wasnt. I had been looking forward to this game and perhaps therefore my expectations were a tad too high.  This game seems hastily thrown together, all the cars look like ssangyongs or toyotas, they all seem to be mostly front wheel drive, front engined, there are no v8s, there seems to be no variation what so ever except a few exterior details.Yes the fact that you could drive the cars to diagnose them would have been a nice touch if it didnt feel like I was driving a maxed out clown car propelled by rubber bands with suspension made out of matches.The worst part is that I dont seem to get to buy my own car, fixing it up and trying to turn a profit but rather grind my way through repetetive tasks with a bunch of whiny women who are not able to change their oil or even their own air filter."
76561198015166237,Recommended,270850,12847981,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Any =*=,"Well it's almost more fun then doing on my own car. Realy - 30 minutes for general repair of whole car, no quirks, no broken tools and definitely no unmovable rusty screws. :)It is not perfect, for example names of spare parts in Czech language are pretty lame and sometimes there is serious pixel hunting when you want to zoom and react with some little parts.But it's original, cheap and don't know exactly why - but it is fun!"
,Recommended,270850,13701226,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 is a game from PlayWay and Red Dot Games. You certainly play as a car mechanic, although I think the ‘simulator’ part of the title is a bit of a loose term.The game is slightly educational though. I knew the basics about the inside of a car and how it works, but I definitely wouldn’t have been able to fix one for you. I still can’t, but at least I can tell you where most of the stuff is. In CMS2014, you are tasked with fixing a stream of cars with various problems. At the start of each level, you receive a clipboard with a check list of objectives. Change the brake pads. Check the exhaust. You’re also given a note from the customer trying to give more details about what’s wrong with the car. I wasn’t sure if the poor grammar in these sections was intentional to give a sense of dealing with idiotic customers, but I fear it wasn’t. Your job is to fix the car, stamp the form, and send your customer on their merry way.Early levels are simple as your customers appear to be mechanics themselves and know exactly what’s wrong with the car, leaving you with the simple task of replacing the broken part.However, it isn’t long before someone shouts “IT’S MAKING NOISES”, and runs off leaving you to figure out what’s wrong. This is when you will have to start examining the ins and outs of the car. Damaged parts will be shown in red and must be replaced. This often means taking large sections of the car apart. Who knew it was so complicated to change part of the suspension? Maybe complicated isn’t the right word here. I’m sure it is in real life, but in CMS2014 it’s just… lengthy. You have to unscrew bolts one at a time by holding in the mouse button, but that’s about as tricky as it gets.The only barrier is knowing exactly where the part you’re looking for is when you’re trying to fix it. This is quite a high barrier when you don’t know, but each part is labelled when you mouse over it, so you’ll find it eventually.The monotony is broken every now and then when you’re asked to take a car for a test drive to test acceleration, braking, handling and suspension, but after the first drive of unresponsive handling, I wasn’t particularly looking forward to the next one.You never really feel like you’re progressing. The garage I was working in changed a couple of times suddenly, without any fanfare. It looked nicer and there were some more gadgets, but it was odd that I was plonked in there with no warning. It was as if I had walked into someone else’s garage and decided to work there for a while.Maybe you need to be a lot more into cars than I am to get something out of CMS2014. Objectively though, it just doesn’t seem like a whole lot of fun. There’s a lot in there for the price, but there’s only so much you can fix in a car, and with 75 levels in the main game, along with an “endless mode”, things become repetitive fairly quickly.Overall 6/10."
76561198071698109,Not Recommended,270850,25629803,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,YellowBar,"This review is for people who think they would learn a lot about auto mechanic work from this game.It's a game so you really can't mimic everything. This game shows you the basics of things like names of parts and the general places where parts go but thats about it. I've only play this game for 30 minutes and already its less of a simulator and more of a game like Cookie clicker. Just there to waste your time doing nothing.These are the things that they just breeze by.No one hand wrenches tire bolts lel. Atleast make the sound an air tool instead of a ratcheted tool noise.They obviously just put in random prices with some of the jobs because an OBD test does not cost $300♥♥♥♥ingdollars if you spend $300 on a scan for your car you might aswell buy a scanner and do it yourself.You shouldn't have to individually buy things. Brake pads come in a set of 4(2 for each side)The second car you work on in campaign makes you change an oil filter, air filter, and a gas filter. Paper filters are not the only oil filter, there are can filters too. You also don't change only your oil filter unless its a defective part thats leaking oil. Other then that you get it with an oil change which is also the most basic thing you learn as a mechanic. You also rarely ever change a gas filter. (I've only done them twice in the past two years and both on Mercedes that have a common problem with them)Refrences: I'm an auto mechanic."
76561198007817556,Recommended,270850,19746475,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AaToSMeD,"I love how I learned a lot about car parts and what it is that they do. For me, it's fun trying to figure out the problem. It affirms me that life is a set of puzzles that await to be solved. Every day is a new car to discover.I imagine that after I fix cars here, I then go off to drive in my favorite wheels in the world of Gran Turismo."
,Recommended,270850,24973567,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Whiteswart,"Really cool-looking game about fixing broking cars in your garage. But... will you like it? Would I recommend it for you to buy? That's depends of what are you expecting from this game, in the first hand.Let me tell you how it works, right from the start: you'll find yourself locked inside the garage, with some broken car and notation of what you should do with it. You can disassemble the most of the car's engine, suspension and exhausts. You can fix some of those disassembled parts on the workbench, or buy new ones in the PC installed in your garage. Reassemble the car with new or fixed details, and they'll send you next one. After some time you'll get enough ""free"" money to ""buy upgrades"", namely, the discounts for the spare parts market, ability to squeeze the next client for more money, ability to notice some of the wrecks with your blind eye, without any expertise, and, finally, ability to turn screws faster... Which is really suitable, especially when exhausts needs fixing.After 2-3 dozen of cars, they let you in the new, bigger garage, with more tools to examine the wrecks. And in the third garage, which you'll get in about half of the game, you'll face ""the master tool"" - thing for making magical ""chiptuning"" (which looks as some kind of puzzle - or the way to make quick buck, depends from perspective).That's it. Quite an accurate attempt to draw the line of work for cars mechanic, with its bright and dark sides, choices and so on.Downsides? There is one noticable, but boy, it's Big! You see, all is quite simplified: two different engines (V4/V6) and front-wheel drive/four-wheel drive - which gives us four, only four possible variants of what we should assemble and disassemble over and over. After you'll fix 2-3 cars in the main career and 1-2 cars in each of two dlc's (4wd and tuning one) - you've seen it all.So, if you were planning to use this software to safely find out how to fix your own VW/Ford/Toyota/whatever - forget it. If you were looking for game about making cars out of scrap or just wanted something powerful enough to keep you awake all night long - nope, not this case.So, why I like Car Mechanic Sim and think it's good for any games collectioner? First, it's really looking good now - being made on quite limited resources. Yeah, an example of good code work. Second, even while there are not enough depth and variety, it still can teach something - I'll definetely provide this piece to my son - before showing him wiring schemes and options for gear boxes and other more complicated stuff. Third, it's good 3d puzzle game - find out the easiest and cheapest way to get wheels spinning - that's steeper in my book, than crushing numberless skulls... Even if not that fun. And note various languages at game's settings! Learn how to call your wheel in Spanish, German, Russian, et cetera! Yeah, learn the cars topic on your favourite foreign language! (Too bad they don't have Chinese and Japanese, though.) Finally, the price. It's good now, even without bundles!So, Car Mechanic Sim 2014 deserves 6.5/10 points and good place in my game's library. Will it fit for you? I don't know. But you may try, it won't bite.PS: the music there gets old fast, I turned it off after the 1st hour of playing... a small thing, but I still wish for more options there"
76561198013358521,Recommended,270850,12607630,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,shaNk,"This game is brilliant. gives you some understanding, and lets you freeplay around the cars.Camera is a little bad at times but you will develop your own techniques to counter that.Also alot of good and free addons, thats a big plus!Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,270850,10047930,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,"Mike ""Deus Volt"" Pence","The only thing that could make this game better would be if I could set my own price for a repair and charge uneducated customers 12 hours labour costs to change their sparkplugs.Best played while listening to Whitesnake, while a 1996 Playboy calendar hangs on the wall, having not been changed from Miss September in 18 years."
,Not Recommended,270850,8834017,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Svart Vind,"It seems this software is decent at what it does, namely beign a car mechanic simulator. But if you're looking for a game, take caution - you might get disappointed. There are few minor problems here and there, but the major one for me is that the Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 seems to expect you beign an experienced car mechanic in the first place, knowing where all the parts are and what they are, and more strangely, what are the rules of playing this game.After something like 2 hours of playing I have messed up a job by spending the money on the wrong things and it seems all I can do is to restart my career. Cancelling a job isn't an option. Oh well.But if you are the kind of person that likes high learning curves and, most of all, fixing cars, you might just enjoy it. Perhaps even a lot?Also, this is ""few hours after the release review"", changes and patches might occur.EDIT: The ""restart order"" button has been added."
,Recommended,270850,21864567,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Heisenberg,A customer asked me to check the air filter. It turns out I disassembled the entire car and have no idea how to put it back in one piece.10/10
,Not Recommended,270850,8838327,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Wisebug,"This should be a 1$ app, you just repeat the same few tasks over and over again without any goals, there no chalenge and no point of gathering money since you can't upgrade your garage or anything, you just fix a bunch of cars then end up in a new location, absolutly no narrative after that 30 sec tutorial. The whole thing feel like an unfinished product, don't waste your money."
76561198033166988,Recommended,270850,8834905,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,BabyPuncher,Bolt Remover Simulator 2014.10/10
,Recommended,270850,10863556,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Stephen,"I have zero real-world knowledge about cars, or how they work.I do not have any idea how accurate the parts in the game would relate to the real-world, but I figure it has to be good enough to give you a pretty decent overall idea of how cars work, and where parts would be, and how all the parts fit together.That being said, I really like this game! Each work order requires you to think about the problem, and then identify the right part, find out how to GET to that part, and then either repairing the part, or replacing it.The interface/controls feel slightly awkward, but still much better than many of the other ""____ Simulator"" games that have been coming out recently.Even if you don't really care about cars, or how they work, this game can be highly enjoyable even from a simple puzzle-solver perspective. For me, it's even given me a different perspective about how cars work.I don't expect to suddenly look at a real-life car and know how to take it apart, but maybe, just maybe, I'll at least not be so blank-face dumb about it. Not that it's a required part of playing this game, but hey, you may learn something.I definitely recommend checking this game out."
76561198361030625,Recommended,270850,30049665,Posted: 19 February,all,Johnny Concrete,"As a former mechanic myself I have got to say this game isn't far off the truth, tracking down annoying problems while trying not to go over budget on parts, one serious mis-diagnoses could wind up costing you dearly.obviously I have an unfair advantage over casual players but I would highly recommend giving it a go, it's pretty much a standard puzzle game. although the removal and locating of componants on the vehicles is highly simplified when compared with reality, it would have to be (try locating and changing an air filter on any french car made after 2010 and you'll see what I mean). also cars that feature rear wheel drive have the engine set up as a front wheel drive wich isn't unheard of but is very uncommon, but I get they probably had limits with what they could do.The game looks pretty damn good and though the test drive consist of the same course over and over again with no noticable change on the vehicle before and after repairs, I enjoyed them none the less.I think the game would be enjoyable weather or not you have prior experience with motor vehicles, and who knows you might actually learn something.Definately worth the five pound I paid for it and will definately be picking up car mechanic 2015 once I'm done messing around on this one."
76561198220297613,Recommended,270850,32069679,Posted: 30 May,all,Macho Grande,"In short, it's a really fun and interesting game.  I feel like this game was made more for people who don't know much about cars and would like to know more.  I played through the entire career mode in 9.5 hours over the course of two days.  I didn't and don't plan on playing through the add-ons because the offroad add-on is more of the same, and the 1/4 add-on isn't very interesting, being that the drag racing mechanics (of the game) kinda suck.  All in all, it is a great game for the $7 I payed for it."
,Not Recommended,270850,15679240,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Urganite,"A nice concept, and one I was hoping would be fun and help me learn a bit more about cars than I already knew. Sadly, the difference between the car in game and a real car is seriously just enormous. The only way this could be a solid game is if at least all of the parts of a car that aren't chassis, interior, and automatic transmission were correctly modeled and there were at least several variations to encounter, or the game at least had an interesting metagame that rewarded efficiency. Instead, it's seriously just a super simplified engine, suspension, exhaust and fuel systems, and that's it. Basically just a rough approximation of a car. You'll do the same three or four things over and over and you almost don't even need to read the scenario information, just find the grubby looking part and replace it. The game trailer says there are around 150 parts in the game, what they aren't telling you is around 130 of them are screws.The money in-game is seriously worthless because there is no metagame, at all. None. So, no matter what you do, efficiency is irrelevant. Buying used parts is a waste of time, even good used parts aren't counted as 'good' parts for the repair. Selling off the old parts from each scenario is a pain, not to mention worthless. The diagnostic track seriously does nothing; no matter what is wrong with the car it is the same every time, you just magically know what's wrong after wasting your time driving around. Which is something you are often required to do for no reason even if you know what to fix because it's included in the scenario objectives. The music is good for about twenty seconds, after which it becomes patently awful.Overall, the fun petered out after about two hours and eventually I realized that the game isn't ever going to get any more complex, approaching that of a real car. New garages don't matter because the car and its problems are always the same, the extra space is actually annoying. The game is more of a tech demonstration than a game, I would expect it to be nearly free, so I'm glad I got it at a significantly reduced price."
,Not Recommended,270850,28228105,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hox,Every vehicle has the same strange engineering. I've never seen a car that is built like this. I would recommend it if I saw a single car that resembled anything existing in reality.
,Recommended,270850,18270591,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sunshine Speeder,"This part is for the base game.All though the game can become boring and feel like a chore I still really enjoyed it. There will be more cons then pros but I still recommend it. I know this review is a bit late seeing as how the new game is already out which looks awesome (I have yet to play it), but I finally got around to playing and beating this game. Any way here are some pros and cons I have for this game.PROS:Can “learn” skillsLots of puzzles (more of a puzzle game then simulator which isn't too bad)You get a new shop as you progress (I would of preferred to have to buy the shops)The tests you run on vehicles are pretty cool (but can become boring)May help you learn about vehicle partsCONS:Can become repetitive and feel like a choreSometimes too simpleDoesn't feel like a true simulator (more like a puzzle but still not too bad)Not many parts some don't even get used and USED parts are pointlessLots of parts are missing (compared to a real car)Strange sun glare that can become annoyingCamera sometimes does not want to cooperateNo exotic carsVery empty shop (would be cool to have coworkers working on other cars and maybe seeing customers in the lobby)End of career kind of a let down (didn't really feel like I accomplished anything)With all those cons I still really enjoyed the game. My favorite repair order was 42 which had you finding out what parts are missing, kind of wish more were like this.And now for the DLC. I have not fully completed the DLC but I did try it out to get the basic idea of it.For the 4x4 DLC I felt like it would have been better to combine it with the career mode.PROS:New Test track for 4x4 vehicles (I thought it was pretty cool)New vehiclesCONS:Things you learned from the main career (books skills) don't transfer overAll in all its basically the same so yeah nothing to special.And now for the Drag DLCI really liked this one and wish the main career was similar towards end game. They added a lot which is nice.PROS:Shop is a bit dirtier (made me feel like cars have been worked on earlier)New parts (instead of learning books you get a whole new store for racing parts)New test track (drag)You get more options when it comes to working on the car, this time its not about oh my muffler broke, it's “I need to beat this time so here's money, make it happen!”I didn't have any cons, I really enjoyed this part.Like i said I know this review is late and I'm sure the new game will be much better."
,Recommended,270850,11171352,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,AlphaDiode ©,"If you have no interest in puzzle games or working on cars, this probably isn't for you. If you have an interest in one or especially both than you might be surprised that you could enjoy something like this. And that's what this is, it's a puzzle game based on car repair. Customers bring you work orders with complaints or requests much like in the real world and you have to diagnose and repair the problem. There are 76 work orders (many of them with rather humorous descriptions) in the base game and 20 in the included offroad DLC with more to come soon.Malfunctioning vehicles are basically the puzzle to be solved and it's a very simplistic puzzle at that compared to a real car. You don't have to be a pro mechanic to play this but some basic troubleshooting knowledge does help. Otherwise you might find yourself tearing down the entire car to find the bad parts if you're clueless where to start when someone brings you a car that has trouble starting for instance.The repair jobs vary in length, time and complexity as you go. You can order the parts you need online at your terminal and fix some of them at your workbench to save costs and increase your profit. You can also spend money on training to increase some basic skills that earn you more money per job, discounts at the parts store and speed up disassembly and bad part identification. There is also a test track and diagnostic path that you can drive the car on to help identify malfunctioning systems.The in game music is this terrible dubstep crap that just annoys the hell of me but thankfully it can be turned off.You won't become an ASE certified mechanic or learn to run your own repair shop by playing this, but it's a good way to kill some time without a huge time commitment with no pressure. It's definitely worth picking up on sale at the sub $10 price point that I got it at."
76561198061525057,Recommended,270850,13504506,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ApocalypticZomB,"I've logged quite a bit of hours into this game and I must say its probably the most enjoyable simulation type game I own. Anyone with a love for automobiles should enjoy this game. Yes, it takes a very detailed and complicated industry and simplifies the heck out of it, but thats really what makes it fun for me. The end result is a soothing enjoyment of diagnosing and repairing automobiles without the headache of actually beating a car apart with a hammer.As a side note, I'm really thankful for the developers continuation of adding new features for FREE. Since I've purchased this game, they have released 2 expansions that brought me back and really keeps me enjoying this game."
,Not Recommended,270850,11280920,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,xesty,"This game is alright, but for the price it's definitely not worth it. I am a hard car enthusiast and thought this might fulfil the kid in me that always wanted to fix and work on cars. I bought it for 10$ during the Steam sale and even then it wasn't worth it. It should be 5$ and feels like a game you would play on a tablet or phone. It's really, really basic and repetetive. It's almost no challenge and the only times it is, is when it doesn't follow the principles of logic. Got bored real fast and no more motivation to play so I feel it's only a waste of money. The overall feel and controls are awkward too. Decent graphics but poorly optimized so my PC can't even run it smoothly. Test driving is the most worthless aspect of the game as well. Would not reccommend unless you can get it for 5$ or under"
76561198099782944,Recommended,270850,24030607,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SharkBlarm,"Perfect Simulation: I'm Going To Change The Brake PadsTurn on radio like a bossEasily raise car with liftExamine undercarriage, feeling like a real mechanicSpend several minutes looking at brake pads, not sure of what to doDon't have any toolsAccidentally take essential part out of axle, without knowing how to put it back onImmediately lose this part foreverStill be unable do anything to help with the brake padsDecide to try again when less highPretty Much Exactly Right10/10"
,Recommended,270850,16557917,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[NGG] Baron,"I really enjoy this game, the only thing I can fail it on is overall realism. Some of the things inside of the engine and car are either not named correctly, do not look like that in real life, or overall do not exist. There are the following.Pro's-Nice graphics-Educational and teachers core basics of light motor vehicle repair.-Has a cool sound track.-A diverse variety of cars modeled closely to resemble some real world brands like Ford, VW, Vauxhall and more.-Is fun.Con's-Unrealistic models for certain parts of the engine.-No difference in engines, their all the same pretty much.-Some of the jobs can be just damn right tedious.-Limited sound track.-Unrealistic part names, and uses.-No air powered tools, you relay on good old spanners.-Does not teach some core basics such as torque settings when putting wheels back on, or correct tensions for the serpentine belt etc.Sources: I am a motor vehicle technician."
,Recommended,270850,13585168,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,D)N•Numbaz878,Took the whole car apart looking for the fuel filter. I know nothing about cars but I do know where the fuel filter is now. Test drove a van to see what is wrong with the front side of the van and to replace anything that is broken and worn out. I gave up on searching what was wrong with it and called my brother who is a mechanic to see if he had any pointers. Instead he was confused and wondered why I took an interest in cars suddenly. I didn't have the heart to tell him I was fixing a car in a game. So I told him it was for a friend. I still haven't figured out what the problem was. Help me before I go hours taking everything apart and replacing everything under 100%...
,Recommended,270850,14277067,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SizZLeR,"I graduated as a car mechanic back in 1996 and therefore i was very curious how such a game would be.Basically its a good game that delivers an amount of entertainment that matches the pricetag.Besides replacing spareparts the game has a testcourse where you can drive the car thru obstacles to check that its working properly.....however it always works properly on the test course as bad dampers etc doesnt affect the driving experience, so the test track isnt really of any help in regards of finding out whats wrong with the car.The missions are straight forward in the sense that you get a sheet listing the problems to be solved and some things are more puzzling that others and that gives the game a touch of reality.It does kinda lack the things like ""sound and feel"" that you get irl when testdriving a car, where youll be able to tell if the dampers are failing, steering is slugish, engine isnt running right aso.That leaves you with the option to check all the parts and replace the worn ones to ensure theyre working properly.On that part I find it hard to define when the game accepts partially worn, but not worn out, parts to be left on the car or not, sometimes itll accept partially worn parts and other times it has to be 100% condition.Again, adding some rl touch would highly increase the gameplay, like in a real shop when you get a job where the customer says ""Imma drive 2000 miles on vacation in my car, can you check it and make sure its up for it?"" you can get to use your judgement on which parts to replace/fix and based on how well you do it, the customer will be more or less happy about the job you did.Also adding the ability to buy up used cars, fix them up and puttem out for sale on the lot would be a nice feature as well, kinda like the way you could in ""Gearhead Garage"".All in all, the game is good and i do recommend it, but I also hope to see some implementation of the features mentioned, I wouldnt mind if it came as addons in the form of DLC @ maybe 10 EUR or so each."
,Recommended,270850,13292153,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,General Jason,"GOTY 2014! But honestly, this game is so much fun, and in my top 10 for all games that came out this year. Its full of fun cars to fix, different types of peoblems, and evey issue has a specific way to fix it. You dont need to be a complete gear head to play this game, but if you are (like me) it really helps out. It is a relaxing change of pace and a hidden gem amongst all the ""simulator"" games out there."
,Not Recommended,270850,8856741,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,PotatoMan,"There's a decent puzzle game in there, if you turn off the music, but it feels unfinished at best. All the test drive feel exactly the same (And the cars handle terribly), and getting to a given part requires camera acrobatics. The lack of documentation also hurts the experience, as does the absence of anything more complicated than ""Take part out, put new part in"".It'd be a nice time waster for $5."
,Recommended,270850,9362119,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Very nice & cool simulator game, testimonial! C:FIN:Todella hyvä ja siisti simulaattori peli, suositteluni! C:"
76561197974119840,Recommended,270850,22892861,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NuclearPony,For a dollar and fifty cents you really cant go wrong.
76561198065291985,Recommended,270850,12909752,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,boofeh,"wow, i got this game because i wasn't getting enough work at work, now i can play while i work and pretend work while im playing....In all seriousness though, the game could use a little more detail but overall actually really enjoyable little game good job guys"
,Recommended,270850,13580649,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Archiepiscopus Flabrus,"Pros----- Smooth performance- Challenging puzzles- No time limit; investigate all you like- Fairly educationalCons----- Camera movement takes some getting used to.- Controls can be mildly awkward- Without at least primitive knowledge of cars, puzzles can be frustrating.--Overall, its addictive and semi-educational, easy to pick up and play, and gives you a carrot to chase."
,Recommended,270850,13813156,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,honorabili,Very good game if you already know about fixing cars. If you don't it can help you learn. I do wish it were more detailed though...
76561198027719907,Recommended,270850,8851246,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,irmopotus,"Working in the after market automotive industry I thought it worth my while to check this simulator out.  First of all I recommend this product not because it actually captures the essence of being a auto mechanic but because I felt this was an innovative concept worthy of people's attention. This game only introduces you to the very basics of being an auto mechanicI think that this simulator is a good bases of a game, but if the developer does not add levels of complexity in future versions I would not be willing to purchase in the future.  It would be a shame if the developer simply changes the look of the garages, adds a few cars and slaps a 2015 on the title.Being a mechanic is more than just diagnosing problems, taking parts off, and than putting them back on.  Imagine you are a mechanic and you have eight vehicles needing repaired with one bay and all eight customers wanting their car done now.  In addition, you have to battle the different part stores trying to locate the parts you need to complete the jobs.  It is a constant juggling act and this simulator does not even touch this aspect of being a mechanic.Further more, parts do not come off as easily as they do in this game.  Bolts seize, snap, and get cross threaded making the repair more difficult and resulting in a lot of lost time.  The time of the mechanic is very important.  The quicker the mechanic can complete the job the faster they get paid and get the next vehicle in their garage.  Mechanics receive their pay through their labor which is determined by the amount of time it takes to reasonably complete a repair job.  If a repair job takes longer than expected the mechanic loses money and has an upset customer.  This is also not captured in the simulator.This simulator does not let you misdiagnose a problem.  mechanics screw up all the time causing themselves lost time trying to fix the problem and make things right with their customer.  This game does not let you advance until you have complete the entire repair job correctly.Future versions of this game  could have a lot of potential.  If I was rating this game from 1 - 10 I would give it a 6."
,Recommended,270850,12621434,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,FlatRook,"This is a fun Mechanic themed puzzle game.  The developer has added 2 free DLC packs since release and both have added to the fun as well as a few more hours of game play.  When I am in between more serious games I enjoy the relaxation that I get from games like this.  It is well thought out and is priced fairly.  If you enjoy relaxing games, this would be one of the ones I would highly recommend."
76561197992029533,Not Recommended,270850,8957207,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Raregan,"A step above Gizmos & Gadgets in complexity, but not much further.  Fortunately, the base environment is there to make a more complex game if it were to develop a modding community."
,Recommended,270850,8838453,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Milwaki,"The spiritual successor to the 1999 Mekada developed game, Gearhead Garage. If you're like me, and was a huge fan of GHG and was patiently waiting for a sequel that never materialized, I'm happy to say that you'll finally be able to scratch the itch one more time.While Car Mechanic Simulator doesn't have as many features as I'd like, for example you can't completely tear down an engine (the block and all it's innards are inaccessible) but, there's a huge amount of features that really do a great job of simulating the act of car maintenance. Unlike Gearhead Garage where cars could be snapped back together in under a minute, things in CMS actually take time. All the bolts need to be twisted into place, parts need to be observed to determine if they're still good or need to be either repaired or replaced, and approach angles to get at certain parts that you can't reach from overhead or underneath.You're given a garage space which you can walk around in and interact with. Turn on the radio if you like, though most of the songs are terrible dubstep beats. There's a repair bench and a computer where you can do some online shopping and buy new or used parts. There's even an rig for draining oil that you can drag into place.In career mode you take work orders from customers who either know what the issue with their car is or just vaguely describe what happens when they drive. You can determine this yourself as well by taking the car for a test drive and seeing how it handles giving you some insight about the parts you should check.My biggest complaint is the camera is a little sluggish and takes time to zoom in and out some times making the bolt you're trying to reach very awkward.They are of course planning updates and expansions, my biggest of which (maybe for a future sequel) would be the ability to own and race your own cars as well as tear cars down completely. For now though, if you're a car guy or gal, considering it has zero competition, it's pretty fun. 7 / 10"
,Recommended,270850,8856091,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Fulysic,Buy Car Mechanic SimulatorI think this is best way to start my review i have played my fair share of simulators on and off Steam and Car Mechanic Simulator is one i have been craving for very long time i have been around and working on cars since 12 years old so i have good knowledge of cars and there workings.First appearance of the game when we start up is clean and simple which are good but some option need to be added which they will in upcoming patch.We start career mode and get under way graphics are good for simulator maybe little heavy on the reflection nice chrome texture we get first job you have job sheet which gives you rough idea what issue maybe and you need to find and fix this issue in start this can be little tricky but there are some things you can use to help make game play easier with high lighted parts etcControls are very nice and smooth once setup feel great no major issuesTest drive mode is low on scale but does help in sourcing the issues same with the scanner etcmission do slowly get harder and harder but for some people they might find it repetitive but i liked it its not to hard so some one with no car knowledge could play itIt took me around 20 hours to complete the game which is good for simulator and developers have been more than helpful when facing an issue and im looking forward to DLC and possible 2015 version its a game which as lots of space to grow and become bigger i hope the developers run with that and build on what they have.Some people wont like the game and some will and for what the game is the price is rightmy rating is 10/10
76561198024171886,Recommended,270850,8856019,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Heldragen,"Didn't really know what the expect with this game, but I took a chance and bought it.Very glad I did!It lets you think for yourself (Much trial and error before you get a hang of it) and only gives you minimal information for many of the challenges.Do NOT buy this if you don't like looking up car-parts on wikipedia every 3 minutes."
76561198051297135,Recommended,270850,12340335,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Denzo,It scratches the itch i have to pull stuff apart and tinker. Its perfect when i dont want to go outside and work on something and i just want to sit down and mindlessly pull things apart and trouble shoot
,Recommended,270850,13586208,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sarda,How to be a pro legit mechanic; Save all your broken and worn out parts you get from repairing people's cars then replace the good parts on other people's cars with the broken parts from the previous people's cars then sell the good parts you replaced them with for totally legal money.
,Recommended,270850,8856548,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[A-101] Dylan (Nuclear Ninja),Parking break wasn't on I got run over and died while changeing the exaust.11/10 would play again
76561198126560604,Recommended,270850,16233257,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,OldHippieGamer,"I bought Car Mechanic 2014 last year and thought it was going to be a great game to try since I like to work on cars in real life. My laptop and desk top PC could not handle the graphics so I couldn't play it. I kept the game in hope to get a better PC that could run the graphics. It was worth the wait! I got a gaming PC and played the game with complete enjoyment.The game did crash a couple of times at first but was fixed with the latest updates and works like a charm! I stayed up last night and finished all 76 orders in career and 4x4 and now am working on the tuning. Oh by the way, you get a very cool car when you finish all the orders in career! I took it for a test drive and it is fast! Loved the suprise! Now I have unlimited play unlocked and may never sleep again, lol!If your going to get this game, which I highly recommend, make sure your gaming device (PC or Laptop) can handle it! Check the  specs for details!You start out small in a hole in the wall garage and work your way up to a nice fancy garage with a test path and a dyno to do chip testing so you can boost up the HP (horse power) of the car! There is a way to set up the chip without just clicking the + or - countless times to get that perfect setting. I figured it out after a few tries when I noticed how they move. You'll see what I mean when you play it.Another feature I like is the test track outside the garage! The career track is straight forward marked off with cones that you try not to hit to complete each of the 4 test runs. The 4x4 has the same test track but with mounds of dirt to really test the suspension and can be very hard to controll but do-able if your careful. Then the tuning track which is a straight 1/4 mile track to test the cars for drag racing, which by the way has it's own upgrades in the garage to buy to boost HP. Love that!I have had no glitches in the game play at all since the updates and really enjoyed my time playing it! 2 thumbs up!This game is worth the money you pay for it!"
,Recommended,270850,10819045,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jackie Shay,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 is a very basic representation of automotive repair, you really need to have at least some interest in automobiles or an interest in being a handyman to find enjoyment in this game. You'll delve into the life of an automotive mechanic, starting out in a basic ""shade tree"" style garage and work your way into more professional garages, which is a neat.The depth of which the game delves into auto-repair in my experience with the game so far, has been very basic; but a couple steps above ""Gearhead Garage"" of yester-year. If you aren't very knowledgable in the automotive service arena, you might find this game entertaining in it's own right.However, if you are knowledgable with cars and car repair; you're going to find yourself pointing out flaws in the details of this game. For example: The lower suspension arm on the cars in game doesn't look like it would work because only one side that mounts to the chassis is designed to pivot while the other side is a solid mount. And $200 oil changes.Beyond that, the camera movement controls can be frustrating at times. In dissassemble/assemble mode the camera orbits around a selected object, which often makes some parts difficult to select or view. Once you get used to it you'll figure out quickly how to work around it.The test drive feature is pretty much useless in my experience with the game, I've test driven cars numberous times and this feature just doesn't communicate problems like you'd expect. I've never heard an odd sound, or experienced problems with the handling or performance of cars I've test driven. And if you have any knowledge of cars at all you can pretty much track down issues with just a few clicks of the mouse.If you're an autoentusiast like myself, I don't think this game will scratch that tinkering itch for very long. If you aren't an autoenthusiast, or very knowledgable of automobiles; this game could serve as a basic introduction to auto repair.But the important question is: ""Is it fun?"" Sure, I enjoyed playing it for a little while; but due to certain details and a lack of interesting cars to work on, I lost interest."
,Recommended,270850,31227386,Posted: 18 April,all,Dark,Gives an almost real life experience of fixing vehicles and helps to understand more of what fixing a car is like.
76561197973082193,Recommended,270850,22369298,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mordhaus,"Quite fun, I recommend it for anyone wanting to learn how to tear a car apart without being able to put it back together"
,Recommended,270850,8836157,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,benceboc,"While this game is surely not Gearhead Garage, for me, it worth it's price (Also, there are V6 engines, not only i4's). Overally, it is what it looks like: a cheap X. Y. Simulator <insertyearhere> (but one of the better). It does not have a manual, or a proper tutorial, so if you do not know a bit about cars, you might need to watch some community tutorials (when they will be available). The Career mode is much longer than what you would expect, after 4 or 5 hours I am still not finished or bored. There is an endless play mode, too.I'd recommend this game for those who enjoyed games like Street Rod or Gearhead Garage.Dear Dev's!Thank you for this fine game, and also for the fair pricing. Nice job!"
,Recommended,270850,22747451,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,I actually know a little about cars now. Nice.
76561198048801164,Recommended,270850,8886278,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,M. Eagle,"I'm a mechanic in training so i see this game to be very very useful to the people who love to work on vehicles like my self, I played for a little over an hour and i love this game but the only thing i don't like is how to can see through the vehicle. i think they need to make a option to turn it off so you can play with the ""real life"" effect."
,Recommended,270850,34422377,Posted: 22 August,all,hello am 48 yrs old from somalia,"Pros:Never get bored of it (if you like cars)Lots of missionsA plenty of carsLots of problems and solutionsRealistic work details (shop online, test driveWorth the priceCons:IT GETS F*ING ANOYING WHEN YOU CANT FIND A SOLUTION OR A PROBLEMIt wont run good on a bit old computers... i am on g4400 with gt730 4gb and i run it 1600x1000smthing at 24 fps wichis dissapointing.Its a bit hard to learn the buttons."
,Recommended,270850,31734663,Posted: 13 May,all,CheepChubby,I am not a Car Nut I know a thing here and there But im No expert So this Review is based off of gameplay and Not accuracy of the cars of game but it seems realalistic the game play is pretty good and just finishing up a car and moving On is super satisfying the music is ok I choose it to be off due to it being loud in my opinion but its. theres no storyreally just you being a mechanic fixing cars. There are tons of levels in this game being cars you must fix. Overall 6.9/10 it gets boring if you aint a car expert but thats how most simulations are6.9/10
76561198013872183,Recommended,270850,8849904,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Hades Rex,"Very fun, High learning curve if you don't understand vehicles.  Also, high learning curve if you do, later in game you have to find out where to locate certain items on your own (I learned with YouTube).  It's very addicting.  My only complaint is that all the vehicles have the same structure, everything looks exactly the same, which leads to annoying redundancy.  However, besides that, I'm still playing and love it."
76561198040984279,Recommended,270850,8858904,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Omnimous,"Okay, this game is actually better than you would expect. You can't get into the engine blocks or heads, but pretty much everything else that a mechanic would have to deal with on a vehicle from a 4 banger engine up to a V8. The parts in the cars are all set up the same, give or take, so you're not learning Ford, Chevy and Dodge etc. You have the option to repair certain parts to save money. All in all WELL WORTH the  money if you are even slightly interested in Simulators or Car Mechanics."
76561197970768605,Recommended,270850,12895810,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,VincentC,A customer ask me to change the air filter. So I took his car out and did a little test drive but somehow turn into a crash test.11/10 would crash again.
,Recommended,270850,8850466,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,(NOR) TorBeren,This game is really fun if you want to learn about cars and the diffrent part's in a car. ofcourse it has its limitations like i dosent have that many cars. but for a guy who wants to be a mechanic it can learn you allot of stuff like diffrent names of parts and where the parst are attleast on a front wheels car (sorry my terrible english i am from norway) but yeah i relly recommend it for people who are intrested in cars.
76561198053427466,Not Recommended,270850,8836051,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Kalvelis,"I hope content comes flying out. I want more types of suspension, more vehicles. FIS,Solid Axles, 3/4 link. I want lift installs with the 4X4 pack. I want more motors, I want MPFI motors under the hoods of the newer looking cars, old motors for the old ones. Basically for people who are real world mechanics. This game has absolutely no appeal. Not near enough parts, not near enough realism. Using the money you guys earn from this very basic, very learning curve game. You should be able to blow our minds with the next one. If you developers lack deep pockets for 3D animations, higher graphics pixles, you really only got the ability to make different types of cars, and more parts. Atleast having so many more parts or things to do on more vehicles may reduce the notice that the graphics per part already in the game are just not good. I dont think your big enough developers to buy real world Trademarks, but that investment would pay back 20times. I would love to work on an old international scout 2 terra. Maybe an old Bronco 2. At the same time I do want to pop the hood on a new 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee, V6 diesel with the 8 speed tranny!!   Get it done guys and you will have a game that would make tons of money, and even chance leading Tech institutes to purchase your game as a training program."
76561198031195468,Not Recommended,270850,16946077,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,lordofevil2000,"Game is very repetitive. You do the same thing to basically every car. Run dionostic, un-screw the part, replace/repair, put part back in. Can't use money earned for anything other than buying more parts. No rewards for finishing jobs quickly. Game  could be so much more than what it is."
,Not Recommended,270850,17815352,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Gunshow,"I was really expecting more from this game, arguably too much, perhaps, but still. There are multiple elements of the game which while they exist, seem to serve no other purpose other than a tick box to check. In particular I'm referring to the Test Drive and/or Diagnosis Path, which no matter the problem with the car, is just a short series of actions to do before returning to the workshop essentially none the wiser of the problem as it plays out the same every single time.This, however, doesn't even present a problem as once you've had 5 minutes of gameplay, you quickly see that the whole repair is simply a case of looking for the grubby/rusty looking part, removing it and replacing it. You barely need to look at the description at all.As others have also said, the gameplay is just simply not deep enough to be challenging or rewarding in any way. Just plays out as a time sink with little to no pay off.Thankfully I picked this up for very cheap in a sale, but definitely not worth full price and wouldn't consider it a ""sim"" at all."
,Not Recommended,270850,17767466,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Stajche,"Game is very repetitive. You do the same thing to basically every car. Run dionostic, un-screw the part, replace/repair, put part back in. Can't use money earned for anything other than buying more parts. No rewards for finishing jobs quickly. Game could be so much more than what it is."
,Recommended,270850,15165076,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mega Long Sad Boi,I honestly did not think that this simulator would be this addictive. I just got this game and its already 1 in the morning. Once you start one repair or replacement you can't stop. The only thing I wish would be fixed is the part viewing mode. It is very confusing sometimes. I am always either too far or too close. Also it is not the most realistic thing in the world but it has incredible potential. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,270850,13801477,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"I recommend this game solely because it is fun.  But it leaves a lot to be desired.  This is a review about as game that could have been much better, and instead is just a fun play if you get it cheap.The ""simulation"" aspect is weak.  I am not saying that the game is bad, I am saying that I wish it was better.  For instance, a customer's car won't start:  I thought it would be a good idea to check the battery cables but alas there are none.  There are also no radiators, no fluid in the transmissions, no tire pressure, the list goes on.The game also features repairs of an individual part; you can, apparently, repair a water pump!  I have never known a mechanic to repair something like that.  Maybe it can be done but typically they just install a new part on your car and charge you for it.  The only part-repairs I have seen are things like splicing wires or welding a busted exhaust pipe.  Simple stuff.The pricing is crazy too.  People are spending over 10,000 USD to repair used cars.  Things like a new battery cost 350 USD even though they can typically be had for under 100 USD in real life.  Other things are odd too, spark plugs are 35 USD but again in real life they are perhaps 2-5 USD.The game play gets tiring.  In the beginning you are using your mind to try and troubleshoot problems and find a damaged part.  As the game goes on you learn to, 1: diagnostic scan; 2: test drive; 3: path test; 4: click hide body and show part condition.  9/10 times it will show the damaged parts in red and then you just have to spend the time disassembling the vehicle.  The only time this won't show you the damaged part is if its in the transmission or if its the air filter.  Very little challenge at that point.The 4X4 add on is a good idea but it mostly consists of unlicensed Jeep Wrangler models.  Not One Pickup, Not on Land Rover, Not One V8, Not One Lift Kit.The 1/4 mile add on is the best part of the game.  In the beginning you have limited money to upgrade the parts and tune a car to hit a 1/4 mile time.  This too grows easy over time as the budget increases you start having enough money to simply buy ALL the performance parts for each car.  Most of the bolt-ons give ridiculous amounts of extra power.  Worst of all, there are no Cold Air Intakes in a performance shop - just crazy.  Unfortunately, while drag racing there is no shifting to be done by the player even though many of the vehicles have manual transmissions.  What a shame, its one of the main aspects of drag racing titles that you find on your mobile phone.This could have been an incredible game - and I hope they make another one, because developers can usually build on simulations until they are truly great.  For now, its a fun game and I gladly played through the whole thing.  I think its enjoyable, but it won't give you any real world knowledge.  It might be damaging if you learned that its normal to pay 800 USD for a mechanic to install a new battery, or perhaps you think that your transmission ought not have any fluid in it.  I don't consider this any more educational than I do Need For Speed Hot Pursuit.  But its still fun - Happy Gaming."
76561198014474811,Recommended,270850,11143312,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ximmen,"First and foremost, this game is by no means anything but what it claims to be.  Don't expect uber racetracks or incredible realism when you take the car out for a test drive.  It's a mechanic game, after all.  With that being said, this game is not an accurate depiction of working on a real car (as many, many other reviewers pointed out).  It does, however, feel like a good approximation in terms of where a video game should go without overcomplicating or oversimplifying the game.If you're a real automotive mechanic, then you already do this kind of stuff enough, and don't need to buy this game.  If you're a realism nazi, then don't buy this game...or any video game...just go do real world stuff.  If you're looking for a game with uber fast paced acion, then this game isn't for you.  If you're someone like me who like to dink around with random game titles, then by all means, get this game at the current sale price and have some fun with it."
,Recommended,270850,33299761,Posted: 5 July,all,the1observant,"Oooo, I LIKE this game. It's fun taking apart cars and putting them back together. I just wish it had some realistic troubleshooting involved. It's still good like it is though. At least it runs on my 32-bit setup without any problems."
,Recommended,270850,13135055,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dogman15,"I love this game. It might be simple (at first), and rather casual, but it gets harder as you go on. This game is great because it teaches you a lot about how a car is put together, and how cars work. Definitely get it, especially if it's on sale! Lowest known sale price is $3.74, or 75% off."
76561197975232268,Recommended,270850,8861782,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MrJohnMcClain,"I really enjoy playing this game. It looks great and the controles feel good. I enjoy it so much that I'm at 72 cars repaired in nearly 22 hours, it's that much fun and relaxing. The only thing that I am mising in the game, is that you can buy, renovate and sell your own cars, beside the usual orders you get, but who knows, maybe in the future will this feature become available. In my humble oppinion, it's a big thumb up ;)I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do too. Have some fun with it ;)Your friendly gamer,MrJohnMcClain"
76561197990543347,Recommended,270850,8910720,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,warcatt00,"I like this game. It's nothing more than a basic simulator on garage repair. It may not hold all the detail needs of work but it is a game. Your given a work order to fix a problem. On the work order is the budget amout for parts you may need. So you get to see the mechanic fustration of a small budget with a customer who wants one thing replaced and the vehicle has all thease other problems too. Some parts can be repaired on the work bench such as starters, altenator, and what not. You go through the mechanic foot steps on inspecting parts by means of trouble shooting and problem solving. Not much different than a regular car repair. Just like fixing a real car you go through the pains of having to take parts off to get to the ones you need to replace. How ever unlike a real car everything comes off perfact. The only thing I find useless in the game so far is the OBD scanner. It is sopose to trouble shoot problems depending on any failuer that is given to the on board computer from the sensors. It dose nothing but just scan and tells you nothing. And you can't hook to the computer in the shop to get a reading. Other than that its good game. Just like real Mechanic work, this game may not be for everyone."
,Recommended,270850,8858486,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Im Caiin,"This game is so much fun. If you like cars and actually know how to work on them, then this game is for you. Even if you dont know how to work on them its a good way to learn! Love it!"
76561197993603500,Recommended,270850,9361931,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Macgyvertx,"What needs to be added is radiators need work, fans that go out, heater cores, thermostat replacement, air conditioners, electrical issues.  Headlights go out as well as tail lights, blinker issues, check engine light issues, the use of the diagnostic meter in game is a joke.  Most automobiles have on board computer issues that need attention, even in dash nav, radio, and systems all tied to electrical.   Inclusive, if you repair parts at a workbench, make the workbench work like the parts computer where one actually can rebuild issues with alternators, water pumps, brake cylindars, etc...  Even a fuse box would be nice to work with as well.  What of gear boxes and transmissions?  That too could be expanded at a repair counter.  Just adding more cars is only eye candy to the game if you're only repairing the same ole things over and over again. Simulators need lots of immersion where you don't complete a game in 48 hours.  Overall its a great simulator but needs more, lots more."
,Recommended,270850,10849109,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Charon,"*sucks air through teeth*I'd like to write a great review for you but I don't have the parts in, love. See that wobbly bit there, it ain't supposed to wobble like that. Looks like one of Susan Boyle's spare chins. You're looking at a good £200 for a replacement.Tell you what. I'm gonna finish eating this pasty then I'll get on the blower, see if Dave's got a second hand one for half that. Come back in an hour, darlin'.*an hour later*Fraid it's worse than we thought, duchess. The manifold's búggered. What's a manifold? Don't you worry your pretty little head about that my darlin'. I'll fix it up for you no problem. 500 quid. We'll have you back on the road by next week... etc.."
,Recommended,270850,28361140,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,YARIN,probably the best game for 0.69 centsnice i like
,Recommended,270850,23768345,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,floaterjr,"RecommendationRecommended to purchaseBase Game ScoreB-StyleSimulatorRecommendation SummaryCar Mechanic Simulator 2014 is a simulator in which you repair cars as a mechanic. It is a fun little game, and is even somewhat educational. Even if you are not into cars, you will still enjoy this game, whether you play it passively as you listen to music or a podcast, or actively with no distractions.The game does glitch sometimes, and it also can get frustrating when you can't find the cause of the car's problems.However, the game is still recommended to purchase."
76561198060901683,Recommended,270850,8852179,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,D3athBlad3101,"Totally awesome. This is the best simulation game I have ever played. It really helps your mechanical knowledge and its just fun.The tutorial hints for this game a seriously small and don't give you all the details, but it does that so you can figure it out for yourself. Most entertaining car based game I have played since Next Car Game. If this simulator could put the repair and replace part options from this game, and put it into Next Car Game. That would be the best combination of mechanical and car racing/smashing ever made. It would make it very realistic, if you race with a car, and you have to replace damaged parts and wear and tear. Just like the pit crews at every racing event have to do. Only it just you, unles you hire people NPC's to help you. Awesome ideas. I love this simulator, 10/10. :-)"
76561198023130923,Recommended,270850,8853952,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Vonknauss72,"This game has potential and is quite fun to play.. For some, without basic knowlage of how a car is built up it can be quite a challange. But for us gearheads it's way to simple too stay fun for a longer time. Also it has some flaws like stupid camera handling and wobbly mouse movement. I miss more in deep functions like brand specific parts, more engine and car types and the ability to work on the engine itself. Like shifting valves, camshaft etc etc.. Also a auction house and ability to buy/fix and sell used cars would be very fun. Bodywork customization and more.. Well the Devs have a good basic product with lots of potential here but it feels kind of rushed.. I belive we will see improvements tho they seem serious! Buy it if your'e a hobby greasmonkey ;-)"
,Recommended,270850,8853692,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,epsilonion,"For me this is not a game it is more like a basic where is game, where is the air filter, oil filter, back box for the exhaust.I feel that this would suite children interested in been a mechanic or someone going infor there test in the UK that requires to know where to fill up the oil and give general pointers but nothing percific (people that know nothing about cars).For me, I dont klnow a lot about modern cars but know enough to change a ball joint, cv joint and drive shaft etc, I find this game a little tad on the boring side as I know where the problems are or the area when a vaige description is given in the work chart.I find the game is massivley lacking something as there is little challenge and as I said I think this game is more towards  children or people that know nothing about car's that may find the game a challenge.Personally in my opinion, I was interested in this game as I thought it might give me more of a insight of whats in new cars as I was brought up with the good old carberetta and none of this modern sensor's that put up the price when a car breaks down.As I say in my opinion the game price is a little high as my 14 year old daughter finds the game to easy and she knows nothing about cars but saying that it has made her aware of where things are in a car so its more of a early age educational tool more then a simulator.I would rate this game in the budget type game for price like max £6, educational tool for children and people that are going for there test in the UK to know where partts are on a car like oil filter and tires.. lolThe educational aspect is the only reason I recogmend this game, if you have an idea of what your doing under the bonet of a car stay away.."
76561198044116599,Not Recommended,270850,17924255,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,xStaRzz,Fun for a bit but gets too repetitive and just becomes a chore.not recommened for people who are trying to learn about cars as it just drops you into the ocean
,Recommended,270850,12881587,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SKiD,"nice game, good to play and relax, might be alot of work though, but it's nice, and you can always save and continue later"
76561197979201387,Not Recommended,270850,26027519,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,sacredchao,"The idea was nice but apart from the running gag about the dumb woman driver, which I seriously could have done without, the cars in game seem to have been designed by someone who's looked carefully at pictures of car parts but never actually worked on a car. Exhaust manifolds which bolt to the engine block rather then the head and which cant be removed without disassembling the entire exhaust system first. Front engined RWD cars with transversely mounted engines. Brake systems with no master cylinder and induction systems with no injectors or throttle body. Suspension arms that bolt rigidly to the spindles with no ball joints. Batteries and suspension arms that can be rebuilt at a workbench (just let me get my hammer...). The list goes on. So a cute idea, but they should have perhaps involved an actual mechanic. I'm still kind of curious about the sequel but I won't be paying full price for it."
,Recommended,270850,8851968,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Guilhermeo9,"Since Snap-on Gearhead Garage from 1998, i've never found another game that maded me playing for hours and hours.I've already beaten Car Mechanic Simulator in 2 days on career mode, thanks to the endless mode, i could play for more couple of hours and i must say, it's a very nice game, just like the Gearhead Garage from 98'.We already know that isn't easy to fix cars like in the game on real life, but it's a must-buy for any car enthusiast i must say."
,Recommended,270850,8859086,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,kingmatt899,It would be an okay game if my laptop wasn't inadequate unfortunately with a low-end laptop it really does struggle to the point where it is simply unplayable
76561197961457610,Recommended,270850,8851515,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gorilla Munch,"Car Mechanic Simulator is an immersive mecahnic experience!  The attention to detail, and accompanyment of not just two, but THREE amazing musical arrangements ranging from EDM, ROCK, and DUBSTEP really help to make you feel like you are in there getting your own hands dirty.  I was blown away by the 5-click-to-remove-anything system they implemented which takes all of the ""work"" out of working on cars and lets you focus on the fun aspect of being a mechanic, the internet!  Ordering parts is all done online in this future car maintenence simulator.  I haven't even mentioned yet, but the parts ordering system is so forward looking!  There are two options to purchase parts, new, and junkyard salvage.  Using the junkyard salvaged parts has the added benefit of not serving a single purpose in the game.  These second rate parts can be bought for real(see fake) money, installed, then removed and replaced with new ones after you discover that junkyard sourcing is not acceptable for any application.  This game has tought me the importance of a 3 track mixCD, and that a car can be completely taken apart in just about 200 clicks IRL!  Buy this game!  You won't regret it for at LEAST 25 mins."
76561198015438406,Recommended,270850,8855755,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,DaWind,"Well i say yes :)If you love cars like me then this game is for you !The game really hooks you up to the screen, especially with the wife jokes(oh stop it.. :p).But i can't give it more than 7 out of 10 score, because it simply lacks some stuff.For example, the camera isn't so smooth, sometimes you end up going to the wrong section/part of the car and u have to go to your character again and once more click the damm car to reach the pieces u want.The Test Drive isn't as good as it should be, it doesn't feel it really says the problems the car has.Now for stuff i would love to see in-game... i've played gearheadgarage back in the day, and i really would love you could go deeper on the engine and repair/replace alot more peices than the car has at the moment.Would love an auction-house system in the game, like scrapyard, so you can buy old/screwed up cars, and fix them for a profit, but also adjust prices and rewards, so you never are overflowing with cash ^^Well that's it.I hope u like my review :)"
76561198112739623,Recommended,270850,10430159,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,xXWarHoundXx,a nice game for relaxing
76561198344455723,Recommended,270850,30009828,Posted: 18 February,all,[SQRL] JoshuaGaming17,"This game is perfect. Even thought that it's a bit tricky to know how to fix a car. But anyway, great game anyway! Recommended for everyone"
,Recommended,270850,8966486,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,macias,"Let's first define this game. Most people sees this game as similar to 2 games: Street Rod and Gearhead Garage. To be honest, it doesn't have much in common with the first one, as in SR your main goal was to race, and tune your car rather than repair it. From the other hand it's also not exactly Gearhead Garage, as in that one your main goal was to buy a car, repair it and re-sell. You exactly knew what’s broken in the car you had and you just had to click through repair process.This game is actually about diagnosing, repairing cars and charging people for that. You don't have everything given at the beginning and you have to figure out what's wrong on your own. It has a good learning curve, however it’s good to have at least some basic knowledge of what car consist of. At the beginning you only have access to test drive, but later on you get more powerful test tools, but also you get harder and harder tasks with not clear description.I can definitely recommend that game to any car fan and to anyone who wants to get some basic knowledge of what can break in his car, and how to repair it. It has a good example of what happens when you don’t have required knowledge and the garage can charge you thousands $$ for things as simple as change of the air filter. With it's price, and promise from developers to add new content soon, it's definitely worth getting.The only cons are no real tutorial for people not knowing basics of car mechanics, and small variety of cars/engines.It also has some references to Street Rod and to old Polish car history, but you have to find them on your own :)"
76561198102131229,Recommended,270850,8863768,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Corn Cob,"This is a great to learn how to take apart and put together cars or just to have some fun, its extremely detailed and the people who made it did a great job.How ever the cars are quite limited, i'd like to see some more variation to what i work on, i think it would be really awesome to have some more engines (v8, v10, v12, Electric) and different looks for cars, add some classics or exotics.Overall this game is great and i would recommend it but it has plenty of room for improvment."
76561198031217282,Recommended,270850,8866767,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,casperorillian,"Love games like this, its kind of the spiritual sucessor to an old game called gear head garage. No knowledge of cars is really needed as the parts are clearly labelled and what you have to remove to gain access to the part you need is highlighted. My only real complaint is that you have to be in specific positions to remove specific parts, this is OK generally but there are situations where you have to switch to using the ramp and back for parts that are right next to each other. Other then that, brilliant game."
,Recommended,270850,8872415,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,dcool VR,"This is my first review, I normally do not make reviews but I seen a lot of people bashing this game. This game is not need for speed, you do not upgrade cars or make them faster. It's simply a game where you repair customers cars. If you ever played gear head garage and liked it you will like this game.The game can get old pretty quick, it becomes a puzzle sometimes repairing cars but that's what happens in real life to a mechanic.The test track is useless and doesn't offer any real way of trouble shooting what's wrong with a car. If the clutch is bad the car still drives fine etc.The career mode is repetitive and towards the end offers nothing except the enjoyment of fixing cars. They have only two different motors so far and I'm towards the end. You only replace basic parts on the car. Nothing internal in the engine itself just external stuff.The game is simple and if you do not know much about cars you could kinda learn the basics from this game. I recommend this if your a car/motor enthusiast but if your looking for something on the lines of NFS stay away."
,Recommended,270850,8872970,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,bikerdaz888,"visual part damage would be an improvement, if you know youre way around a car some of the symptoms and faults can easily lead you to what basic parts are faulty.  After awhile the variety of work becomes limited.  More indepth levels involve guess work and going through every part although you only deal with bolt on engine parts as apposed to breaking down the engine to deal with the more advance workings.  There are older garage games like redline that have far more detail in building cars from the ground up and repairing salvagable cars.   Graphically the game looks nice though and would be more suitable to people unfamiliar to basic car mechanics, 6 out of 10."
76561198079693559,Recommended,270850,8891654,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Ze White Rabbit,overall an alright game but there is still a lot that can be done with it. with this game u do need a little under standing of how a car work's but everything is easy to find. so developer's few thing's the game could really be do with.1. 360 contoller support please would make it all easier.2. There is a bit of mouse lag but nothing any one can't deal with but would be a great idear to looking in to getting it fixed.3 . More cars some super cars 4x4's rear wheel drive cars all that lot some v8's an v12's.5. What others are saying being able to buy really wrecked cars an just do them up then sell them on that would be great.6. Fine tunning the test driving part of the game.But other than that great little sim theres a lot that can be done with it almost enless stuff they can do. lets hope they will put the profits back in to the game to make it better.
,Recommended,270850,8896455,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Mr. McSinister,"Calling it a simulator is a bit of a  stretch. When I hear the word simulator in a gaming context, I think of intracacy and attention to detail in design, and an attempt by the developer to make the experience as close as possible to the real thing (whatever it may be). That said, Car Simulator 2014 is definitely not a simulator. As others have said, it's more like a car mechanic themed puzzle game.The gameplay is relatively simple: you get three different functions when interacting with the parts of several different cars (analyze, remove, and install). Parts on the vehicle are colour coded, ranging from red (bad) to green (good), with percentage values. You'll get repair orders, always with some description that will hint at the problem (e.g. ""my car won't start""), and then you use the tools and the aforesaid functions to solve it. You start out with a basic garage, but eventually you progress to two better shops; the second shop comes with the ability to path test vehicles (a minigame that analyzes suspension and brakes) and, additionally, a module for chip tuning vehicles in the last. In all of the shops you have the ability to take drivable vehicles on a test drive, which is yet another way to check for damage to parts without having to tear the vehicle apart - it's not very fun, and a little clumsy, but it gets the job done.What I like:* There are several different models of vehicles, many with different arrangements of parts (e.g. ""V6"" versus four cylinder, 4x4 versus 2wd)* The visuals are nice for a game of such small scale* Some progression (spend money to make bolt removal quicker, for example)* The interface is simple and relatively intuitive: you can hide the car body and turn on a filter to show the condition of partsWhat I didn't like:* Realism isn't a big factor in the design of this game at all (e.g. an air filter will keep the engine from running)* The number of parts is quite limited; some front-end pieces, brakes and wheels, and stuff around the motor - you'll never see the inside of the crankcase* Customers don't pay for parts or labour; they pay a flat rate, and your profit is what's left over after you've bought the replacement parts (or repaired the limited number of repairable ones)* Despite the limited progression above, the game becomes very repetitiveSummary:If you're looking for a simple (if not simplistic) puzzle-like mechanic game, then you might get some enjoyment out of it. But, if you're looking for a proper simulation of car repair or running a shop, then you may be disappointed with the limits of Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. I was hoping for the latter, and I was disappointed by the limitations of the game, but I did enjoy tooling around with it for a few hours."
,Recommended,270850,8901066,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,gicek,"Fun puzzle game. Executed reasonably well. If you ever played Gearhead Garage, then you're in for a treat. It is essentialy that game, but in a modern package. It is in some cases much more realistic than Gearhead Garage. There are more aspects of being a mechanic than just assembling and disassembling cars depicted. I really liked the game, but i have few things that are less than ideal.Unfortunately you cannot disassemble the whole car- engine is almost monolitic, there are parts of the suspension that are non interactive. Also there is no way to disassemble the body of the car.Part of the game is test-driving a car. Unfortunately it is almost the same every time. Car drives the same way no matter what faults it has- you don't hear additional noises parts of the suspension are shot, there is no indication that steering is off or if there are problems with the ignition or anything else. The only diferences between cars are acceleration rates and interior design. It works like this- there are parts of the suspension that cannot be examined to see if they are broken unless you disassemble them or take the test drive. Also sometimes it is required by a client for you to test drive the car and there is no way around it. All these things make the test drive fun for one maybe two times, then it becomes more of a chore than fun. Thankfully test driving a car takes about 1-2 minutes, so unless you play for a long time it will not bother you much. Don't get me wrong- i absolutely like the idea of test driving a car. I just would expect it to be more consequential and let the player to figure out what's wrong with the car instead of giving him an answer.The last thing i'm going to complain about is number car models and parts you can buy. I hope developers will add more cars and parts to the game, but now there are two different engines and i belive there are 3 types of suspension, but there are no real diferences in them beside names of the parts that were used.To sum up- I played 6 hours and I think i saw all the content there is to see, but i cannot say for certain. What i saw so far was mostly good. If you like this type of game (which is essentialy a 3d puzzle game) you'll have a good time, but keep in mind before you decide if you are going to buy it- at the time of writing this, game is somewhat limited, there is no much variety when it comes to cars. Game is rather easy, but i believe there is almost no competition- if you look for similar things look for gearhead garage (a bit dated, but i think still playable)."
,Recommended,270850,9185472,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Cataloony,لعبه جميله وفكرتها فريده وكل ما تعمت فيها تدمنها أكثر وانصح فيها
,Recommended,270850,16609358,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LadyBoi,i am Sick
,Recommended,270850,22166967,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Casper613,Great Game i reccoment you get it but if you want a better game buy the 2015 version
,Recommended,270850,25940016,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mr_Biscuit,"Fun, but isn't a good exsample of what being a car macanic is like."
,Recommended,270850,23008828,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,odstkiller217,"like it, but it makes mechanic look so simple, when it's actually abit more difficult than that,but it does give you a good overall idea (coming from an actual mechanic)"
,Recommended,270850,9621820,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Karegian,"Some people are complaining that this isn't as detailed as they'd like it to be, or that it's not a true mechanic simulator.  I don't think it's meant to be...otherwise we could use this as the first step in a Mechanics qualification.  (Which would be cool by the way!)I like to think of it as a puzzle game.  I mean, what is being a mechanic, if it's not a puzzle?  You have to find out what's wrong and fix it.  Same thing here.  Except, it doesn't overwhelm the player with all the aspects of being a mechanic.I would've liked a bit more of a tutorial, especially when you get your new garages, as when I got the 3rd garage, it asked me to do a chip tuning.  I had no idea what this meant.  Just looking around, I found a new door...went in, and then haphazardly clicked on things, until it worked.  Yeah, there's a little 'guide' in the chip tuning, but it doesn't tell you much.It might get repetitive...but, think about it.  If you're a proper mechanic, surely you've done the same things over and over...so it does give you a sense of what it's like in that respect.The only downside...is the test track.  On the repair orders, it could say ""There's a horrid noise when I change gear"", or ""When I go faster, there's this whining from the rear of my car.""Well...there isn't.  When you get one of those jobs, and go out in the car...you expect to hear what the client is talking about...but you don't.  That would've been a great thing...to hear and feel the car handling differently, based on what was wrong.  But, it seems that the test track, and even the path test indoors, are just formalities, with no real indication to you, the player, as to what's wrong.  It's just a way to automatically highlight problems when you're examining the car.It would've been so much nicer, and realistic, if these problems were actually in the test track area...The only one that is reflected in the test track...is when the problem is, that the car wont even start.  At least that one's there...lol.This is a Car Mechanic simulator, as much as Farming Simulator is a simulator for farming.  It's got the basics, and honestly, if they added more, it could be so much better.  The framework is there...I enjoy this game, and I can see myself playing for a long time.  Especially if they let the modding community at it."
,Recommended,270850,25834284,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Hound,"First of all, the graphics are aesthetically pleasing and are nice to look at and when you take that car out for a test drive, oh man!, its so fun but you might accidentally crash into a brick wall. But is missing a fair amount of content and depth.Final Verdict is a stunning7/10"
76561198027411665,Recommended,270850,22892449,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,gravedigger,fun game a few physics dont make sense but thats ok they put a ton of work into this game and as a mechanic myself il give this game a 10/10 cant wait until I beat it so I can buy the 2015 edition
,Recommended,270850,14188691,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,-=HBW=-HiradGorgoroth,"Who would have thought?I will be honest with you, Unlike many other people, I had no idea about cars except very general stuffs. this game however thought me so many stuffs .... It's fun to play it for hours and hours and you actually learn many different things about cars, I love this game I suggest you to buy it while it's on saleAMAZING GAME"
,Recommended,270850,33502640,Posted: 13 July,all,bob loblaw,Exactly what the title says. I recommend it for the vehicle-ignorant like myself to find out some basic stuff about what's literally under the hood.The gameplay consists of dissassembling/assembling car parts and there are some management aspects when you decide to buy new parts or refurbish used ones.
,Recommended,270850,8890631,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Fediral,fun game and kinda realistic is some parts
,Recommended,270850,8869435,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,KurwaMiauw,although the game is very puzzely and has lots of annoyances. it is a lot of fun and quite addictive. sometimes it is a quick fix and sometimes you really have to think to find the problem. it does however lack a bit of content and realism
,Not Recommended,270850,8860848,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,0x80,"Overall, the game felt more like a beta, or an early development concept than a fully fledged simulator. Decent in some respects, but not phenomenal. Most of the top-most ""helpful"" reviews have listed all the obvious deficiencies of the game. There are a few I'd like to add, along with some suggestions for what would make the game better:1.) Improve the camera behavior; feels like you have to fight the camera to focus the tiny dot reticle on an interface target. If I've tried every mouse sensitivity, and still have to adjust the mouse an average of 5 times every time I try to interact with something, there's a problem with the interface design.2.) If you must include a test track feature without much ability to control look camera or any rear-view features, add some flashing directional arrows or something to tell the driver where to go.3.) Also, if the test track is something that I just drive a car through demolition derby style, from highlight pad to highlight pad, requiring no thought from the player in actualy formulating the diagnosis, maybe it's a feature that should just be done away with entirely, or reduced to something in the game menu along the lines of ""send for test drive"". Since it requires me to do nothing except pilot a car in the same repetitive fashion around the same track, it just feels like a time waster or a pointless minigame. Since I'm not actually doing repairs with this feature, just basic piloting of a simplistic drive simulation, it detracts from the point of the game -- to actually repair cars.4.) If possible, add some real life makes/models to the game. This was probably the one thing I found myself most yearning for while playing, and would truly make the game engaging. To actually be able to work on, say, my own car, or some recently released model of car, or some exotics, classics, etc. would be truly amazing. If licensing or IP constraints make this feature impossible, I'm sure there are some foreign or outdated models of cars that can be reasonably cloned. Like older cars no longer in production, or made by defunct manufacturers who wouldn't sue you for copying their schematics. The point here is not simulating the actual mechanical issues of any particular model, but rather, letting players actually dismantle particular models that are interesting.5.) If trying to simulate real mechanical challenges seems too daunting, consider adding a feature for players to design their own repair missions to share with other players. Players with a lot of experience with a particular model might come up with something really clever to challenge fellow players with. Such a feture would help build a following for the game.Conclusion: overall, the game philosophy seems to be shaky: why check obd if all it consists of is clicking ""check obd"", then watching a little bitmap image of a low res display pop up and tell me I'm checking OBD. Can we actually simulate an OBD unit somehow, like, make me look for a data port? If I'm going to take a car to a test track, can we figure out how to actually make the player responsible for diagnosing a problem? If I'm going to repair a part, is there any way that I can actually learn to repair a part, or be responsible for fumbling with a facsimily of what it takes to repair each part? Again, if it's not requiring the player to actually be a mechanic to some degree, it just feels like a time waster. What aspect of mechanic behavior is it simulating?Overall, good start on a cool idea. Not many mechanic simulators exist. I would love to see this idea develop further, because as a simulator it seems to fall short."
76561198066783812,Recommended,270850,8865286,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Bishop{TS},"Being a 12 year automotive diagnostic tech i enjoy the game and the puzzle like challenges that it provides, the cars are kinda the same under the hood but its not the end of the world. The customer complaints are very similar to real world complaints and the solutions are pretty close to real. its nothing exciting but being a mechanic really isnt anyway (i fell asleep playing one night). i would say for someone just starting out as a mechanic it would be a fun tool to help you think outside the box when diagnosing cars."
,Recommended,270850,8899967,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,lordmada,Do you like stealing bits from peoples cars and making sure that whatever the problem someone comes in with is what the next person goes out with?Basically have you allways wanted to be an♥♥♥♥♥with no conciquence?This is the game for you.
76561198005553758,Recommended,270850,8870964,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,STA_Sniper,"Being an ASE certified Automotive Technician I wasnt entirely certain what to expect from a game portraying the complexity of my field. A few hours in I can say that the game does an excellent job bordering the tediousness of certain things with making it interesting to try and diagnose the various amount of problems that a vehicle can have,while also trimming the fat on some of the non essentials pertaining to the functionality of the car. If you have ever fancied your hand at seeing a little of what the automotive world is like I would recommend giving this game a shot."
76561197988479916,Not Recommended,270850,10861011,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dakotan_9,"This game could be a very enjoyable casual simulation, if not for the extremely clunky controls.  The lack of keyboard customization and hot-keys for common tasks, along with having to constantly reach for the ""esc"" key, make the game a chore to play.  I shouldn't be difficult to implement these changes, and the fact that they haven't been is pretty annoying.  I'll hold off on recommending this game until the developers refine the interface."
76561198105499923,Recommended,270850,25659403,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,\Walnut/,"One of the best games I have ever played, definitely recommend it for 60 cents and full price. It's so relaxing and just fun how you progress in the game."
,Recommended,270850,8848716,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Brynjir,"Very enjoyable so far, look forward to getting farther into the game and also see what the developers have planned for the future of what could be a very good series."
,Recommended,270850,8848750,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Squeaks,"This game is super adictive, well worth the cash! Grab it now while it is only 15 bucks!!"
76561198004642290,Recommended,270850,8855096,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,danekrisser,"I enjoyed this game a lot. When I read negative reviews I nearly didnt buy it and that would have been a shame. I had so much fun :)I read some people complaining about it being too hard unless you're already a mechanic. I have to agree that I dont think this game is for young kids. It is for the mechanics/car interested teen/adult. It was perfect for me because I only knew a little about car mechanics and now I have learned a lot.The game is quite small but the game play part of troubleshooting and using diagnostic tools is nice. The description say ""Deal with customers"" but the only part I have seen is an order report, so I never actually saw any customers or had dialogue with them. That also makes it hard to know what customers actually want fixed. Eg. ""Replace all damaged parts"" does that mean you want everything less than 100% condition repaired or is 90+% okay? You can't finish the order until the customer is 100% satisfied but you cant ask them what's missing."
76561198097544807,Recommended,270850,8849342,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,vX_HazE,"I love this game it is one of my favorite car games but the fact that you cant really upgrade cars, fix them visually, makes this game a bit boring at times and the engine isint really detailed enough but i think this game is AMAZING."
,Recommended,270850,21724172,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Yoshii (#FreeKekistan),"wouldn't consider it a ""simulator"" game, feels more like a puzzle game.Well worth the $1.39 usd i paid"
,Not Recommended,270850,8990205,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Luke,"The game itself is good, but the repair works take too long, i.e. the clutch took 20 mins. I can imagine it would be hard with someone with little car maintenance knowledge to grasp the concept of ""theres a problem, fix it"". Once the main elements have been completed the game gets repetitive due to duplicate tasks. Different cars and different vans have no difference in the parts and/or the design of the engine or chassis so gets boring pretty easily. I thought this game would be quite interesting, and it is but the game has no feeling of progression and repeats itself very often."
,Recommended,270850,25275001,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,NinjaNick,The game's pretty fun but it got very repetitive nearing the end of the career and the DLC was so boring  that I couldn't even finish it. Just get the 2015 version because it offers much more content.
76561198017773083,Recommended,270850,8848215,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Malchy,"Really good simulator indeed. Graphics are good but it's such a shame that it isn't in early access. They could add some more things to do, I just hope that they gonna release some update with more stuff. 7/10"
,Recommended,270850,8859132,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Fraser,This game is actually really fun. Its like working on cars without the busted knuckles or broken bolts. You have to diagnose and troubleshoot many problems.
,Not Recommended,270850,11147493,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Grulice,"The controls are absolutely horrible. The camera is floaty and the game makes very little sense in what it wants from you, though I see the educational value of the game. Regardless, I would not recommend it at its full price, definitely not worth it at that point."
76561198121782425,Recommended,270850,8850208,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,GamerEagle,Very fun game! if you love cars as much as i do you will love this game!
,Recommended,270850,8846877,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,V!p3R,"This game is not bad as far as what ive played. I did my education in the auto world, so this game is interesting for me to see what the actual parts under/on a car look like and how it fits. But, if you know nothing about cars, i would suggest not to purchase"
76561198009261428,Recommended,270850,8852597,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Slippy The Pickle,Can you add some type of certain car such as the 1998 toyota supra targa top and basically any other like 3$ add-ons?
76561198104486337,Recommended,270850,8976735,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,assassin_xx_tom,this is a great game for people who would like to be a mechanic or even just to be able to know were all of the basic peices of a car is and how they work and how they are taken apart and put back together.
76561198021072178,Recommended,270850,8853611,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,O.,"I've really enjoyed playing this game over the last few days. You'll get a huge range of jobs from simple things like replacing oil, changing a filter or battery all the way to vague problems like ""makes a weird noise when accelerating"". It looks great visually, the controls are handled nicely and I love the interface for interacting with the various parts. I do wish there was a larger business management element in terms of running your garage and hopefully those features come in a sequel."
,Recommended,270850,8864468,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,★SIDOX☭,its tight
76561198043122924,Recommended,270850,12661197,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,monitor49152,"Great and fun game, Now that I've finished it I wish there was more to do and repair. I would like to see diesel engines in future, turbo-engines, repairing gearboxes, more complex engine diagnostics operation..."
76561198041377516,Recommended,270850,8854113,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,karkus,waiting for the tubo pack
76561198140945747,Not Recommended,270850,10740591,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lobojones,"i tried to play this game , i did. it genuinely made my head hurt. controls are very annoying.  makes game unenjoyable. why must the whole screen wiggle around when you move the cursor i have no idea. interesting concept. poor execution. dont buy this game is my advice. also as a real life technician , stuff is not accurate. so again as a simulator , fail. as a game , fail. just , fail......"
76561198044556548,Not Recommended,270850,8856724,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,arraen,"Nice idea and generaly not bad design. But:1. Overal interface looks like in beta state.2. As was mentoined before there is no goals, workshops changes automatically.3. Test drive don't show anything. Looks like it was added in last moment and was not integrated in game.4. It's will be nice to have better detailing: enginee repair, electronics, body works.5. Some additional stuff to buy for workshop.6. Horrible music.Automation is not released yet and there is no competitors, but I can vote for this game only when it will be completed, on the moment this looks like alpha release."
,Recommended,270850,12472652,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Mr.Lister the Sister Fister,"If you love cars and want a general understanding of how to fix them, this game is for you"
76561198009798783,Recommended,270850,12662339,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Agent Smith,Nothing like working on a real vehicle but still entertaining.
76561198090741968,Recommended,270850,10225085,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hellslaughtr10,"This game is really fun. It might not be the most realistic version of an average car. But it is a very challenging game at points and makes you learn about the basic parts of a motorized vehicle. I'm no machanic, but this game is teaching me names of parts and other things. My father knows the most about cars and he teaches me. But if you have an interest in cars and trucks than this just mught be the game for you"
,Recommended,270850,8972671,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Murcielago,"Great game, very enjoyable. If this is based on real life car maintenance, it is a great way for a guy such as myself to learn the fundamentals of maintaining my own car just in case. I am a big fan of simulators generally speaking and this is one simulator that I have never seen before. The graphics fidelity is good but not great, then again it is focused on car maintenance and not really a racing simulator where every visual has to be perfectly crisp. As a person who never touched a car bolt, it is quite fun to learn the quickest way to get to a part and replace it. Took me quite a bit of time to realise how easy it was to get the engine start part out.However the down side to this game which I noticed, taking a car for a test drive for assessment is completely useless. Reason being that you won't be able to know what is wrong with a car just from a test drive or at least you don't receive a test drive results.I have done a test drive before I repaired a faulty muffler, to see how loud the car goes. Did the repair and tested it again, there is no difference in engine sound. Customer said the the car is too loud because of the muffler isn't doing its job. But you can't really tell because there is no such thing.Secondly, Suppose as a mechanic you want to save some money by buying used car parts in very good condition to use for repairs. Sorry to ruin the fun for you, you can't do that. This is because A) in-game used car parts shop does not show if a particular part is in good condition or bad.. Maybe a percentage scale??? and B) Even if you are lucky to snag a gearbox which scores 80% out of a 100% with a really good price tag, you replace the old damaged gearbox and Job done? No, the game does not allow you to do that and you wont be able to progress to the next job.I hope this review reaches the game dev team to make it better in future updates.Will I recommend this game to friends or simulator enthusaists? Answer is yes, despite those little quirks in the game but I do agree I personally found it fun to play and this is just starting out, did not reach the point where I do complex jobs and tweaking engine power using power commander etc."
,Recommended,270850,8918436,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,woopwoop,"can teach you the basics. however, obviously not as in depth as it could be to allow for easier interaction."
76561197989467681,Recommended,270850,10678153,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Foxfire9,"Not at all detailed like real mechanics, but is fun just to pass the time. B)"
76561197965004501,Recommended,270850,10826952,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,cloister56,"This game is very addictive. Like a great mobile game, little chunks of gameplay, easy to pick up but always time for ""just one more"". The graphics are pretty good and certainly are clear and compliment the gameplay.The additional parts such as the test drives and diagnostic run are less developed and are a bit of a chore but do add variety.I think this game shows a lot of potential for the concept, I will be on the watch for any sequel that may be produced."
,Recommended,270850,10828501,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,hkmerc97,"Think of it not as an actual 'sim' about doing a tune-up or exploring what the job is like for the mechanic you pay for servicing, but as an interesting, unique puzzle game that demands deduction skills."
,Recommended,270850,10831090,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RisingRedWolf,"This is actually a decent little game, tons of details and very good for learning how cars work. Definitely worth a try for anyone interested in cars."
,Recommended,270850,10904186,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sekiyu,"All the fun of being a shade tree mechanic without any of the mess, busted knuckles or that awesome feeling of dread that you've broken your car beyond repair. You're presented with various customers' auto problems that range from the very specific ""I hit a giant pothole and destroyed my left side suspension"" to the very vague ""my car makes a rattling sound on startup."" You can visually inspect various areas of the car, or go on a test drive, or use an OBD scanner and later in the game you get access to a suspension and brake tester. You have the choice of buying new parts or buying used parts of dubious quality from the junkyard to make the repairs with. My favorite part of this game is that it lets you keep all the messed up parts in your inventory. Pretty soon you'll have a nice collection of busted water pumps, torn up clutch wheels and a mountain of worn out shocks and springs. The game gives you an option to sell these (presumably to the same junkyard you buy stuff from), or you can be a completely unethical thief and slap the busted parts on a later customer's car, taking their good parts for another customer. See, the game has certain milestones you have to do in order to pass a scenario, like ""replace oil and air filter."" It doesn't care if the rest of the components of the car go down in quality, as long as the parts the scenario cares about get fixed. So sure, I replaced Mr. Smith's dead battery, just like the game wanted me to, but unbeknownst to him, I also swapped out his perfectly good gearbox and ignition system with almost broken ones from Mr. Johnson who was my previous customer. In the scenario where I had to fix the guy's left side suspension, I simply flipped the parts from his good right side onto his left side, then sent him on his way. If this game has taught me anything, it's not about learning how to fix cars, rather it is to WATCH YOUR MECHANIC LIKE A HAWK in real life. I think I spend more time essentially screwing over each one of my customers than I do actually repairing their vehicles. Remember that junkyard? I regularly buy crap from them and swap it into my customers' cars, just so I can have a good copy of a part when I need it, without having to pay full price for a good one."
,Recommended,270850,11143911,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,|FOS|. Tuhl,"Fun and Simple:AUTO-MECHANICAL BASICSUNOFFICIAL, but Common FAQ :#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorQuestion: Will CMS 2014 teach me about repairing my auto?Answer: Conceptually, Yes.  In a simplified, broad, generalized manner.+ Players see what basic auto partsin-general, look like.+ Players also can visualize how these automotive parts mechanically fit together, and differ from other in-game parts' relative size and shape."
,Recommended,270850,11144478,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,MagicalLarry,"fairly simple game, relaxing yet adds moderate challenge. I love doing my own mechanic work, but this costs way less, takes less time, and allows more room for error. Simple interface and interactions. Camera is kind of odd to work with at times. Does tend to get repetative."
,Recommended,270850,11146099,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,EliteSn1p3r,I was pleasantly surprised by this game... definitely a steal at $6.79!
,Recommended,270850,11146933,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Keep my boy's voice high,"I'm writing this after completing the first tutorial order. So far, the game seems fairly enjoyable as well as educational to a reasonable degree. The graphics are fine, nothing too fancy, but fits the game. The music has an electronic flare, which I found fit the game, but some may disagree (it can be muted). The gameplay itself is what you would expect from a simulator, it's straight foreward and not too difficult to grip. The one Issue I had was with the controls, they do feel a bit clunky, even after modifying some of the mouse settings, but it's not unbearable. The $20 price tag seems a bit high (I got the game on sale), but if you're a diehard fan of simulators or automotive themed games, than I would reccomend this game."
,Recommended,270850,11147217,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Drjones013,"So I said I wouldn't buy any games after the Summer Sale. So I said I wouldn't buy games just because they're on sale. Here we have a sim that demands you learn the basics of vehicle repair AND it's on sale 'til the 11th?? No brainer.The game obviously doesn't have 'specific' cars in mind, it's more or less presenting a generic 'all car' to give an overall understanding of parts with very little explanation of function. There's a plan for another edition next year that will hypothetically have even more cars and frankly, I can hardly wait.Rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,270850,11147607,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,PwrPak,Mouse is kinda fast when moving it around.
,Recommended,270850,11149992,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,rob71891,"Pretty good game, could use some more in depth engine repair and maybe a multiplayer to race to see who can get the job done quicker. 7/10"
,Recommended,270850,11692181,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Asodite,Love it! bowl of awsome in the morning!StatsMusic          Graphics          gameplay          controls5                   5                       5                      5            =   A great game made well done!
,Recommended,270850,11737339,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,RoX,"I'm having trouble seeing how this is a ""Car Mechanic Sim"" because it doesn't include having to go to the autoparts store (at least twice) first time to pick up the tools needed to get the spring back on the rocker arm, the second time because you didn't know you needed that part and then 3rd to get back the core deposit.Also, have I in no way accidentally put something on backwards. Then have to take all apart again, just to put it back together and then find out I left off the seal, so I gotta take it apart a 3rd time to install the seal. There haven't been missing parts, screws or bolts, nor have I had extra left over screws or bolts.It's these missing factors which make me question the title of the game but thats also the nice part about it too. Though the games 3D models seem a little simplistic at times, again its also the nice part about this game, because it otherwise becomes a chore. Do not get me wrong, navigating between area's of the automobile definately cannot be conviently traversed. Controls are a huge issue to me for any game, though they not crucial for this one.All around, its a fun game, it gives you some very general auto mechics knowledge, without the headaches of have to deal with an automobile and you can still get to work in the morning (results may vary). I've been running this on my i5-hd3000 lappie, at times I've seen the frame rate drop below 20fps, though still playable.Gameplay = Simulated MechanicsGraphics = Okay (could run smoother)Sound = Good (dig the soundtrack - though a little varity would be nice)Controls = Good (typical FPS [first person service] controls)Replayability = Yes (nice escape from the other FPS)Overall = 7/10"
76561198009448608,Recommended,270850,11755273,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,william,good game highly addictive
76561198100458765,Recommended,270850,11785348,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,steven.wakefield44,"It's an OK game, the new 4x4 add on has a couple of bugs on orders 13 and 17 which won't let you progress unless you replace every part of the car.Apart from that, I carry on playing it."
76561198005254352,Recommended,270850,12253393,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,the_cheese,"While it isn't precisely the same as working on real cars in a real garage, Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 does bring more of the look and feel of working in a real commercial garage than one would expect from a simulation.The engine work is greatly simplified (ignition problems are limited to but a few components, simulated cars never seem to suffer from any issues related to the internal workings of the motor) but the intake, suspension, exhaust and driveline (including, diabolically, the clutch/pressure plate/clutch-release bearing) are detailed enough to get the feel of in-shop assembly and disassembly.I really enjoyed playing through this game, and the 4x4 expansion. I hope that further expansions will add more detail to the magic-box style gearbox and engine internals... Maybe even add a gas/electric hybrid into the mix, too."
76561197987512901,Recommended,270850,8904404,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Artichoke D,"It's fun,I would like more detail on the components like taking apart power steering racks, alternators, gearboxes, engines etc, more diagnostic gameplay and the ability to upgrade car parts like bigger exhaust, stroker kits, turbos, maybe even engine swaps in the future but its fine as it is.Looking forward to the 4x4 add on and hopefully more add ons in the future."
,Recommended,270850,13043519,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,El Risitas,"This game is nice - You get to learn about how a car works and car components. It's Audience is primerly for gearheads who want to furthly expand their knowladge about cars.  Sometimes the game becomes a little puzzle where it's like find the damaged part or rarely (and humorly) missing part.  You will not learn how to replace a broken clutch, or transmission in real life, but your knowladge will be furhtly expanded with this game, without a doubt.It's a bit sad that it lacks some features such as Achivements, but meh, it doesn't ruin the experience.The normal price tag for this game is 15$, which is (in my opinion) a bit high, so if you're looking to get this game, wait for a sale. I got it for a reasonable 5.24$, and I am pretty pleased with my purchase.In addition, you get 2 game addons for free. Always nice to have."
,Recommended,270850,13059509,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,GoDS.Hysteric,"This game was enjoyable.  I like cars, so it was nice to be able to work on them and not actually get greasy.  The camera is kind of clunky, but once you get the zoom and pan down, you will be ripping through these.  Definitely need to do all of the testing (OBDII, track, and brake/suspension) to make life easier than pulling everything off and redoing it.  The game can be completed without doing the bank loan, and frankly I didnt see the ""sell inventory"" button until I was playing the DLC (eyefinity moved it to the third monitor).  A great non-violent alternative to some games that  are out today, and a a great  time waster.  Thoroughly enjoyed."
,Recommended,270850,13126395,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,St. Heffi,"This game is cool but there is a problem with the new update when i start an order the game turns black, you can still hear music and stuff in the background but i cant seem to see becouse of the black screen please fix this that would be great"
,Recommended,270850,13144465,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,DeevFactor,"This is a relatively decent auto repair simulation game, and one of the billion simulator titles on the grand Steam store,  You are of course an mechanic, whose job is to look at noteboards and take on tasks from the various faceless and bodyless customers who toss money as you at a drop of a hat.  How can you tell what parts might be damaged, you ask?  Luckily, you have the ability to see the color-coded conditions of the parts that need relplacing (sic).  With your amazing powers, you can use your mouse to remove and install parts by the art of clicking. Click the empty space. Click the bolts. Hold the mouse button!You also get to drive the cars on the lifeless test track.  If you feel like breaking the stone cold laws of the test track, go nuts!  Crash that car all you want!  No damage model ahoy!  Never worry about wrecking the car that you're supposed to fix ever again!While you take your time relplacing (sic) those damaged parts, you can listen to a soundtrack of club and dance music that you may not really care to search for on Youtube, unless you're absolutely desperate to be the first to comment ""I heard this song in Car Mechanic Simulator! :D""  Aside from the goofy nitpicks, the game does a good job at making the car repair process simple, making it like a puzzle game of sorts as you figure out what they're connected to."
,Recommended,270850,13041452,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Waterskull9879,"Hi The game car mechanic simulator 2014 is very very very awsome game,But can you put turbo in add on or in the 1/4 mile add on or anywhere because i love to work in turbo so please put turo in the game and thank you :)"
,Recommended,270850,15149994,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,stvxrn,"the first thing i thought when playing this was 'woah' and that is because the first car you get in is actually the car i drive in real life.that aside, im probably a fully qualified mechanic after an hour of game play, i never knew changing a clutch could be so easy.. (not that im trying it anytime soon, thats what garages are for..) i perhaps was slightly generous too, a lady (lets call her mary white, brought her vehicle in to get the starter REPAIRED but instead i gave her a new battery and new starter.. anyway moral is mechanics are and should not be overly generous.. (i lost alot of money)anyway the review.. if you own a car and have no or a slight idea about parts and how a car works this game is gon' educate you.. i knew how to change the tie rods so when that order came in i knew what i was doing, along with others but yeah, educate, become mechanic within hour! plus its on sale so you might aswell give it a try and the creators/developers or whatever you like to call them are creating a 2015 version (this is the 2014 if you didn't read that earlier) and they're needing your help so if you enjoy it give them the help they need!game good. very educate.~~~~~~~ BECOME A FULLY QUALIFIED MECHANIC ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ DOWNLOAD CAR MECHANIC SIMULATOR 2014 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ WHO NEEDS COLLEGE????????????????? ~~~~~~~~~"
,Recommended,270850,14764283,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,therealcanadian,its good and i would recomed it to people that like to fix cars but not get durty.
,Recommended,270850,9567927,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Whitey,"I'm yes and no on my recommendation for this game. This is the groundwork for a game I'd love. Kind of a long reading following but this'll give anyone looking into game an exact idea of what they're jumping in to. This game is a nice buy for car/mechanical enthusiasts. This game would be best set up for someone who is just getting into cars, but isn't very familiar with their mechanicals. You could learn how basic parts go together and what some of their effects may be. However, to advance through this game at a decent pace you need a little prior mechanical knowledge. For example, you may be told that you need to find a power issue and not know that the fuel pump or fuel filter could be the problem.The problem with this game though, is that no matter whether you're a mechanic yourself or someone learning, The game will have become mind-numbingly monotonous about 3/4 of the way through. At this point you'll have seen all the vehicles, driven them, taken care of every problem, and you'll be running on repeated problems so you can buy all the Learning Book upgrades. All the concepts are presented less than halfway through the game, then the later garages simply allow you to diagnose parts faster. At the time of writing this I quit the campaign about 6/7 of the way through out of sheer boredom.If you've ever played the 1989 Street Rod DOS/Commodore 64 game, then you've played this game. Infact, in the first garage, the game can be seen lying on one of the shelves as a neat little reference. I would recommend searching around for Street Rod, since it's a nice little game to play. The only problem is that this game only has slightly more detail than Street Rod did 25 years ago.In Street Rod, you changed wheels and clicked the bolts much like you do here. You changed out engines, removed heads, carburetors, and upgraded your car in general. After upgrading, you'd go do a basic NES-era street race to earn other cars or money and continue until you beat the fastest racer in town.In Car Mechanic Simulator, I'd say you have a little more variety of detail but not where most would enjoy. Put graphical detail of 3D models aside. When it comes down to it, you're changing air intakes, timing chain/belts, suspension parts, gearbox parts rarely, and the exhaust. You will never touch the engine block, the sub-frames, or any body work (on that note, the feature list specifically states that you will do body work). These parts are off-limits and can't be removed. You will never be able to customize any setup; it's Part-On, Part-Off, and what condition the part is in.The car models themselves are nicely detailed, but are static and feel a bit bland with the way they are rendered. The cars are modeled after real-life cars, but use slightly different design and names. Most of them will be European/Japanese economy cars or small vans/SUVs. The 2010+ Mustang replica is the most distinguished car, but oddly one of the SUVs seem to the fastest car you can test drive.As parts wear, they begin to show slight signs of rust, which is a nice detail. That said, parts are fixed. There's two engine designs: I4 and V6. The two engines are the same in each iteration, and the V6 will sometimes have a RWD dif or 4WD dif with an additional driveshaft. Also, both engines are always transversely mounted, which is a bit odd considering most V6s in this game are RWD rather than FWD.Gameplay wise, there are a few minor annoyances. While part selection in general is nice, there are times when you'll find yourself clicking to a part 5+ times because of the cursor trying to select a part that's behind the one you want to click. Certain parts, while obviously accessible from your current position (under the car, left side wheel well, etc), can't be touched unless you exit the current area, walk around, access the ""proper"" area, and then remove the part. Often, the camera will zoom or align to an impossible angle to remove the bolts you just selected, so you'll have to fiddle around and zoom out to remove the part. Occasionally, the bolt removal will glitch and you'll have to move the camera to be able to click the bolt again. You'll find yourself constantly moving between nearby areas and lifting the car up and down repeatedly to reach nearby parts. One of the bigger annoyances was the removal of air filters and exhaust parts.  To remove the air filter, you have to remove the plastic engine cover, the tube, the MAF sensor, the cover, and finally the filter (VS just taking the cover off in real life). God forbid you have to remove the exhaust manifold or the catalytic converter. You will have to start at the back of the car, removing every section of exhaust until you reach the desired part. In real life, you'd either drop the whole assembly or simply remove the problem section by itself. These little things, while not that big a deal by themselves, can become annoying after a short amount of time.Also, never buy used parts. Just don't. Often the game requires the replaced parts be of a very high condition and often the random part will be in the green and still not be accepted as a replacement. In regards to replacement parts, often you are not told what the complete requirement of repair is. While not knowing a problem is true to real mechanic shops, some work orders (goals to complete a repair) simply don't give you the full goals. One example in an early mission is how you're given a work order to ""Do an basic examination of my engine."" Do a full examination, and the requirement isn't fulfilled. Turns out you have to just replace broken parts even if the service is not requested. This causes confusion, as early on in the game, you're given specifics that ask for examination but not service. Perhaps the work orders need to be re-written.Finally, a small personal gripe of my own. The game feels like a hospital bedroom. Everything feels stark and bland. Everything on the cars are perfect save for part discoloration. There's no character to any of the vehicles or the locales (save for the first garage itself). Perhaps if there was unique body damage, difference between cars (other than color), or visual dirt/grime and broken part models it would feel a bit more lively.Over all though, this is a fun game for the auto enthusiast for a few hours. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes cars and wants to learn the basic setup of car mechanicals. I feel at the current time it's more of a $10 game rather than $20. I'll have to see how the game evolves with updates, but as the core game is now I'm going to let the last of the campaign sit. I want so badly to have a modern, high-definition version of Street Rod or Gearhead Garage. This is a step in the right direction. I'd pick this game up to support the developers and to help show that there's a market for this kind of game."
,Recommended,270850,9928453,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dsr1shot,"Awesome starter game if your looking to get into the automotive industry, personally it helped me alot :)Recomend this game 100%"
,Recommended,270850,9784125,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Challenger,"Car Mechanic Simulator is a fun game where you can make quick progress. Perhaps the game might be even more enjoyable with a wheel and pedal setup, but I think it is very playable with just keyboard and mouse. I would like to see the business end of the game developed a bit further, and a wider variety of vehicles available for the clients. I understand there is a 4x4 add-on in development, but I think body work, and paint might be content the users would like to see in future versions."
,Recommended,270850,22985947,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Snowmind,"Car Mechanic Simulator Complete Edition is a quite roundup representation of a modern garage shop, its tools and procedures (later on). The majority of the jobs (tasks) require you to solve some mechanical or other problem to complete the job, which becomes harder and more complex as you advance. But the whole car experience is presented well enough, even for people without the know how of the inner workings of a car, e.g. its engine, electrics, suspension etc to be able to grasp and visualise each aspect quite clearly from earlier on. No need for a manual either, as the examine tool is enough to help you identify the majority of the problems in earlier jobs. The knowledge can then be used later on in the game to solve more complex (or vague) faults having learned by now where to look (if only it was that easy in real life!).The release of Car Mechanic 2015 has improved almost every aspect of the 2014 one but hasn't reduced it's worth. Mostly the improvements are over small niggles which we were used to anyways, such as lack of achievements, multiple jobs, the annoying auto zoom in/out of the examined part, inventory sort, lack of keybinds, cursor slip in window mode, etc etc Also the 2 addons included in the ""Complete Edition"", the ""4x4"" and the ""1/4 mile"" add little value overall and should have been included in the main game, as they are just distractions overall.I would recommend Car Mechanic Simulator Complete Edition to anyone that likes puzzle games as almost all the jobs given require you to investigate an existing car fault(s) and fix them as cheap as possible. Also would recommend to anyone that wants to learn about the anatomy of a car as a learning tool, as it does demonstrate quite accurately some of the main aspects of a car, which otherwise would need to spend a long time in a garage to visualise.And with the 75%-80% off sale this week from steam, makes this a worthy addition to everyones' library."
76561198066608086,Recommended,270850,22595494,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,scottcopeland,good game i wish free mode was unlocked before u beat the game
,Recommended,270850,11163394,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,hardeh,"Fun game. Not realistic, but fun in it's own wayYou trying to repair cars, sometimes there is orders with direct instructions like ""replace oil filter"" and sometimes there is orders with description of the problem like ""weird noises from engine"" or ""bad steering"". You need to examine car parts and replace (or repair, if possible) them.Some parts can be examined by just looking at them, some needs to be dismantled.There is some tools to help you with that - read data from on-board computer, run a test drive or use diagnostic stand to check out brakes and suspension. After that, you will see condition of relevant parts immediately.There is one bad thing about test drive - car alway acts like a perfect working car, even if order states that it makes weird noise or doesn't start at all. All that it does - it reveals condition of some parts.There is also some illogical orders, like so:It states that car don't startYou checks engine, find out that electrical wires and spark plugs are damaged, and everything else looks ok. You replace them and nothing happens - order doesn't complete.I watched that order on youtube - and somewhy, you need to replace starter as well, even if it's on 60% condition (doesn't looks so bad).Fortunately, there is only one or two of that, other orders are fine.This game doesn't have all the systems that real car have, and after playing it you will not be able to repair your own car. But it's kinda educational anyway - you will know approximate layout of the car systems. And yes, it's fun, so if you like that kind of games - it worth a try. There is even free demo version to try it out - so try it, and buy it if you like it."
,Recommended,270850,26381108,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,$uicidal holocaust,what am i doing with my life
76561198047496365,Recommended,270850,13321750,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Argonzo,"For myself, someone who knows less than nothing about cars, I found this game to be fun and informative. I found the controls a bit wonky and wished I could remap some of the default directional controls, but it didn't prevent me from enjoying the experience. As I've owned the game additional features have been added so I can't say whether remapping keys is an option at this time.The graphics are very clean and sharp, allowing one to see where the various car components are in an uncluttered transparent skeleton model. I know looking under the hood of my car certainly doesn't look remotely like this game. Where's the boundless layers of grease, rust and leaves. Why do I have leaves under my hood?There are a few good songs that play in the game, one of which has a heavy riff guitar that I enjoy the most. The songs are basically just background music now that I've turned the volume down some. The variety of songs is varied enough to keep things from getting too stale.I would agree with some other reviews that there is certainly some repetition to the repairs, but that's exactly why I got the game. I wanted to learn about car parts and where they are on the vehicles. So this is probably not a sim well suited for the mid to high level car tinkerers out there. I would recommend this sim game for the uninitiated auto jockeys like myself."
,Recommended,270850,30151844,Posted: 24 February,all,SolidMemes,It's a fun game where you get to repair cars and the tutorial is pretty good.8/10.
76561198077853752,Recommended,270850,9302328,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,TheLaughingPsycho,ok but very very repetative
,Recommended,270850,13549088,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,VocalSkull,"Ever wanna be a mechanic, but don't wanna put in the time and effert? In depth simulation, i went from only knowing where the tires, engine and gas tank are to knowing where everything is within 5-10 hours. It gives you a challenge if you don't know what your doing or if the customer doesn't know what hes talking about and just says find the problem yourself. I thought this game may be one that i would play for 1-3 hours then not care for but it's kept me playing with trying to figure out what the hell to do. Fairly entertaining."
,Recommended,270850,11137390,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Spencer,"I like this game but the camera is a pain, if you like fixing cars but Beware of the camera it's annoying."
76561198018910266,Recommended,270850,22993288,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Its interesting for some time, but gets repetitive quickly, also it lacks achievements alot, so buy it only with discount"
,Recommended,270850,23152871,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Maurizio Arrivabene,10/10 would spend 20 minutes on a 4x4 cars clutch again.
76561198066707229,Recommended,270850,11156052,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Arkiino,So far so good but im stuck at one part also the spelling is wrong.
76561198095934956,Recommended,270850,29685265,Posted: 3 February,all,stank lord,I got my mechanic's degree with this game.
76561198061447422,Recommended,270850,8943940,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Zombiescu,An amazing game i know next to nothing about cars and i am learning about them from this game! amazing! if u can buy this game watch a video on it and i gauruntee u will like it
,Recommended,270850,12018482,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Spoofus,"this game has amazing graphics,is very realistic, and very easy to understand"
76561198021762883,Recommended,270850,11975009,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Swamp Klown,"really fun and enjoyable, can make you pretty frustrated. But a great challenge."
76561198276226626,Recommended,270850,28711708,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,My Penis hurts,Pretty gud
,Recommended,270850,11157999,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Devgamer,"I like this game.  It gives me a better understanding of how my car works and is put together while at the same time entertaining me, so no complaints!  The graphics are more than enough to convey the parts  you change out, I bet this will make me better at maintaining my own car."
,Recommended,270850,11674536,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Lil Dumb,Awesome game
,Recommended,270850,9604605,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Token,"Stupid requirements to play this game smoothly. I mean, My comp can play Skyrim on the highest settings but this game wont even run on the lowest.. Why the hell make a CAR SIMULATOR so high?"
,Recommended,270850,34001453,Posted: 3 August,all,Excalibur,"It's very basic simulation in comparing to 2015 and 2018 versions but it's still funny. You can interact almost every part in a car, also you can tune chipsets. The game is for tuners in a basic way."
76561198062016271,Recommended,270850,8905534,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Hetsi,"It's good, but... It get's really boring after a while becouse the work orders are pretty much the same troughout. Also there is not enough details to examine/replace."
76561198006208202,Recommended,270850,27287407,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Damir,"If you like cars, you will probably like this game and you'll maybe learn how to fix something."
,Recommended,270850,16729901,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,St.Nyess,"Not bad game ****6/10***^If you wanna relax and get away from other stressive games like dota or cs:go buy this game you can chill and enjoy.^This game can entertain you in little time. +1^Nice realistic graphics and part details. +2^Interesting and little bit hard to handle menu. -1^This game is best game of PlayWay don't buy others LEL :) +2^Basicly your job is disassemble,place better one,and done but its enjoyable like 30-45 mins per week :D -1^Really hard and weird camera control -2^Making money easier than 2015 :P +1"
,Recommended,270850,16320215,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Iroquois Pliskin,GeT ReAdY tO lUbE yOuR EnGinEs
76561198092822543,Recommended,270850,10753203,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,trujillo126,so much fun
76561198191078731,Recommended,270850,22869475,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Waxaan iibiyaa askarta caruurta,"STOP! BEFORE READING THIS REVIEW BEWARE NONE OF THIS IS COPY AND PASTE I WROTE THIS HOLE REVIEW!Really cool-looking game about fixing broking cars in your garage. But... will you like it? Would I recommend it for you to buy? That's depends of what are you expecting from this game, in the first hand.Let me tell you how it works, right from the start: you'll find yourself locked inside the garage, with some broken car and notation of what you should do with it. You can disassemble the most of the car's engine, suspension and exhausts. You can fix some of those disassembled parts on the workbench, or buy new ones in the PC installed in your garage. Reassemble the car with new or fixed details, and they'll send you next one. After some time you'll get enough ""free"" money to ""buy upgrades"", namely, the discounts for the spare parts market, ability to squeeze the next client for more money, ability to notice some of the wrecks with your blind eye, without any expertise, and, finally, ability to turn screws faster... Which is really suitable, especially when exhausts needs fixing.After 2-3 dozen of cars, they let you in the new, bigger garage, with more tools to examine the wrecks. And in the third garage, which you'll get in about half of the game, you'll face ""the master tool"" - thing for making magical ""chiptuning"" (which looks as some kind of puzzle - or the way to make quick buck, depends from perspective).That's it. Quite an accurate attempt to draw the line of work for cars mechanic, with its bright and dark sides, choices and so on.Downsides? There is one noticable, but boy, it's Big! You see, all is quite simplified: two different engines (V4/V6) and front-wheel drive/four-wheel drive - which gives us four, only four possible variants of what we should assemble and disassemble over and over. After you'll fix 2-3 cars in the main career and 1-2 cars in each of two dlc's (4wd and tuning one) - you've seen it all.So, if you were planning to use this software to safely find out how to fix your own VW/Ford/Toyota/whatever - forget it. If you were looking for game about making cars out of scrap or just wanted something powerful enough to keep you awake all night long - nope, not this case.So, why I like Car Mechanic Sim and think it's good for any games collectioner? First, it's really looking good now - being made on quite limited resources. Yeah, an example of good code work. Second, even while there are not enough depth and variety, it still can teach something - I'll definetely provide this piece to my son - before showing him wiring schemes and options for gear boxes and other more complicated stuff. Third, it's good 3d puzzle game - find out the easiest and cheapest way to get wheels spinning - that's steeper in my book, than crushing numberless skulls... Even if not that fun. And note various languages at game's settings! Learn how to call your wheel in Spanish, German, Russian, et cetera! Yeah, learn the cars topic on your favourite foreign language! (Too bad they don't have Chinese and Japanese, though.) Finally, the price. It's good now, even without bundles!So, Car Mechanic Sim 2014 deserves 6.5/10 points and good place in my game's library. Will it fit for you? I don't know. But you may try, it won't bite.PS: the music there gets old fast, I turned it off after the 1st hour of playing... a small thing, but I still wish for more options there"
76561197992926804,Recommended,270850,8866140,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Drarkan,Fun game if you like cars and doing mechanical work. Quite educational too.
,Recommended,270850,8873042,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,MISTARMANN,i would recommend this game if u are training to be a mechanic because its very realistic and very detailed
,Recommended,270850,8891700,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,AoD Talons [1B-1],"i like it its simplistic in a sense as far as sims go ot a full blown simulator there imitations but enough for car enthusiasts to like, gear heads will be disappointed in the lack of variation on the cars but otherwise i recomend if ur lookig for a casual simulator to play :)"
,Recommended,270850,8872382,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The Smexy Pringles,this is a awsome game
76561198005965669,Recommended,270850,8900257,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Ahil,"Thought it was going to be a business type sim, more like managing a garage and employees lol. Good game still, when stuck just look on forum, lots of helpful tips on missions."
76561197984650829,Recommended,270850,8901149,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,HEISENBERG,Good game
,Recommended,270850,8863848,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,BigNeil,omg this is the best game ever! No acheives! Just unparalleled pseudo realism.
,Recommended,270850,8895726,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Swoop,Neat time killer while waiting for mining on EVE
76561198116016856,Recommended,270850,8893077,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,JField1,Very Good game if your intersted in cars and mechanics and surpisingly addicting.
,Recommended,270850,22594873,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,♔◂ℛℯίᶍ‗➋➒▸♘,Recommend 8/10
,Recommended,270850,11142641,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Señor Nigel Thornberry,love this game
76561198131914138,Recommended,270850,11021643,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pitbullinvegas,well first of all let me start off by saying this is my first review on a game so dont throw any bad comments at megame is awsome  the graphic is nice the shops are niceit could get confusing at some points butyou could get the job done well all im trying  to say isthat it's worth to buy it and have no regrets
76561198124911237,Recommended,270850,8939265,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,bmsgamer2013,Can some one please tell me what to do i have just broght the game and when i load it up it just comes up with a purple screen and in the top left corner it says Car Mechanic Simulator 2014?
,Recommended,270850,8946326,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Doctor Diesel,"I LOVE THIS GAME! I own an automotive shop in Austin, TX and this game is very simple and enjoyable. I could play this game endless of time. This game reminds me of the game called GearHead Garage with Snap-On which was the coolist game to play in the past on PC and its almost similar to this game I played. I don't consider this game to be perfect... yet but looking forward to see this game grows with more adds, parts, vehicles.I wanted to say that the first time playing this game was a bit arkward with the camera and how to play but after a few vehicles repaired, I got the hang of it. Its very easy and fun game to play. I hope they consider adding Professional Mode where we could do more deep repairs and diagnostic like in real life. When you see the loading picture of the internal transmission parts, that is what I'm looking forward to see in Professional mode or such like replacing knocking piston by wrist pin or connecting rod bearings or etc. Hopefully they will develope one.Anyone whos into automotive work should consider buying this game, again some of you might or might not like it but it's not for everyone. Its a lite verison for now but I believe they will grow to develope more to add this game. This game felt some-what repeative but that's the same concept of automotive work in real life and it doesn't bother me."
,Recommended,270850,10832239,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Craig,Life changing.
,Not Recommended,270850,16891645,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,LaSmurf69,The game is fun but 2015 is better i have it cracked you said 2014 owners will get 2015 for free and you got money from kickstarter so why do i need to pay?
,Recommended,270850,9993782,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Zero Fox Given,"This game pretty much nails the very basics of being in the automotive industry, though there were a few annoying details like not actually getting able to strip an Engine apart and adjust crank position or anything heavy like that. As far as heavy goes it's just Chip Tuning. I'm not exactly clued up on car mechanics since I mostly work on motorcycles but a lot of what is in this game allowed me to refresh and remember key basics. I could honestly play this game all day and I seriously recommend it to anyone who is just starting to do mechanics or to someone who already knows about mechanics as a small refresher."
,Recommended,270850,9828832,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,300_BENZ,Very good if you want to learn about cars.
76561198065910197,Recommended,270850,12908840,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Martyn Romaine,This game is bloody awesome..it's a lot of fun but don't think you can repair a real car after playing this.i would reccommend this game to everyone
76561198000142735,Recommended,270850,23190001,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[2.FJg]FatHairyBeast-OGf,Just as boring as being a real car mechanic but without the busted knees and knuckles
76561198047833672,Recommended,270850,12230707,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,NightRaven,I love my car and i always fix whatever i can before i take it to the mechanic. So this game is great for me and for anyone else who likes cars in general.
,Recommended,270850,8848930,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Wickin,"I think whilst the game isn't perfect the developers have put a lot of effort into making a good game. The overall concept of the game is good but I think still needs some incentives to make you want to keep playing other than just doing another repair.Gamers with littile car mechanical knowlege might find it difficult as some knowledge makes it easier to know where to look and what parts are. The game does have examiner to tell you part names however even it can be a little frustrating finding what you need to repair at times.Overall I think the game is good, has a lot of potential if the developers continue to improve the games fun factor."
76561197981125511,Recommended,270850,8849849,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,klovjan,"Ganske innafor, men redline e bedre, ikke mulighet til å kjøp egne bila og kjør dem rundt, bare mekking, ingen modding, helt innafor, men når ikke helt opp til å ta over ;|"
,Recommended,270850,16340549,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,EnglebertXLVIII,The best £0.79 I have ever spent on Steam.
76561198067223134,Not Recommended,270850,11140578,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ThatMedicGuy,"While I love cars, this just wasn't the best game I've seen.My one main problem with the game is the repetitiveness (is that a word?). There's some variation, but it's mostly- Find red parts (Sometimes through a test drive), replace, next mission. It would be fine if there was some sort of way to move through the game other than buying books for faster screwing.Another problem was the interface. I was hoping more of a simulation, but that wasn't there. Instead of a visual damage (Which would be nice in aSimulator) the part is just regular, yellow, orange or red colored, which is headache inducing at times. Also, while I was hoping for a mechanic's view, it's just a camera with wierd controls. This makes taking out bolts and small parts very repetitive and boring.Overall, I can't really reccomend this game, as it lacks both the gameplay elements of a game, and the realism of a Simulator."
76561198071933456,Not Recommended,270850,8864724,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,mattya14613,"This game is really weak. I am someone who really enjoys cars, and it is a passion of mine in real life. This game is full of bugs, becomes frustrating in minutes, and certainly was not worth the money i spent on it.  The feel of the game is very choppy, and it is hard to click the things you are trying to click because a lot of the time, the game focuses on a completely different part. Not something i would recommend to anyone."
76561198039684976,Recommended,270850,11141843,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Big Bad Leroy Brown,"Took off a wheel then put a new one back on, 10/10"
,Recommended,270850,8846590,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,VordenX ™,This game is worth every cent!! For something relaxing that doesnt make the brain go into overdrive this is a perfect selction for a lazy day of gaming. I beleive this game will only get better over time as the new add-ons are resleased and you can bet the developers will release updates to fix a few niggles here and there.10 Out of 10
,Not Recommended,270850,10834083,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ridge,"Torque wrench simulator. Game is meh, but at least it can teach someone to recognize and somewhat accurately troubleshoot problems with their car in real life."
,Not Recommended,270850,11144732,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Tigax,The creator of this game has no idea how to work on a car or even how one works.  Even at $7 this game was a rip off.
,Not Recommended,270850,17691299,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,emilio,Got bored too fast.
76561197999202380,Recommended,270850,8916762,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Gibbs,"Originally I was a total pleb with anything to do with cars. But since I bought this game, my game with the women increase 1000%. This game not only helped me get tail at the bars but also cured my cancer and freed the slaves. The no-holds-barrred. no nonsese tactial gameplay made me relived my days as a SOCOM commando back in Vietnam. High speed, low drag ♥♥♥♥♥es. Also, this game has car simulation.14/10 would buy, take out to dinner, and treat with respect."
76561197996620027,Recommended,270850,32956917,Posted: 28 June,all,smellydirt,Fun little time waster.
,Recommended,270850,12483984,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,"Great way for newbies that don't know much about the insides of a car to learn about how to fix their own car. Sadly, it doesn't help show you how to get your hands in the right spot to take the parts off."
,Recommended,270850,12852932,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dr.xxL,A fun game if you like to work on cars or just want to learn more about it. The game could have been more realistic and you get a little bored after a while but again if you like cars it worth checking it out 7/10
,Recommended,270850,8837694,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,26BFD,"Fun game, missing some minor parts (eg lambda sensor) but overall is a fun way to pass time if you have any interest in cars."
76561197991745154,Not Recommended,270850,8964312,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ulyanof,not worth 19.99 $
,Not Recommended,270850,25612858,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Saint Luticriss,"I was hoping to learn more about repairing cars, but apparently you need to already know about how to repair real cars before you can spend your free-time pretending to work on virtual cars. Wish there was video tutorials, or guides, or tool tips or SOMETHING to help me learn all this mumbo jumbo. If I opened up my own 94 Ford Explorer, I wouldn't be able to tell you what an air filter is or where a fuel injector goes."
76561198043664072,Recommended,270850,22873899,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,CosmicDomino,"This game is real addicting. If you enjoy cars at all, I recommened it to you!"
,Recommended,270850,16696819,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SwippyOG ダニエル,"This is a great game for people that love cars, simulators and reapairing stuff!"
,Recommended,270850,16305018,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Murius,"Good, relaxing game. Helps to learn about cars and their parts!"
76561198028908743,Recommended,270850,8969119,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,MDMitch87,awesome game .. u gotta know car basics but it'll keep u busy !
76561198194445011,Recommended,270850,16691185,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TacticalSmore,"Car mechanic sim 2014 is very addicting. Definitly if you love Cars and puzzles it can get boring after awhile. Car Mechanic Sim 2014 has very few, soundtracks so you need some music on the side going. The DLC is around the same as the ingame campaighn just a different model for a car. Runs smooth graphics are very good too. My only problem is in a test drive course you can get stuck not frozen or crashed but just keep spinning around. You also cant look in Test Drive mode making the driving feel awkward. The upgrade system works great and i will rate this game a 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,270850,8849102,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Flacko,This game is fun to come back and play every once in a while. You can Test drive cars too which is kind of cool. Doesn't compare to Street Legal Racing and Gearhead Garage. It is similar to SLRR but harder and more annoying to get to certain parts of the car. I can only play this game for like 10 minutes at a time before I get bored. There is a different gamemode I haven't tried tey though. It's called unlimited or something like that where your career never ends.
,Recommended,270850,8849269,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,BLuebuLL,"I would say 8/10. Some things I hope to see in future:-More replaceable parts (Engine parts, like pistons etc.)-Own car.-More realistic testdrive, now all cars sounds and behaves same way.-Career progress-More different learningbooks-Easier to use angle of view. Sometimes it's very annoying.-And tuning orders."
,Recommended,270850,8844301,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Brütal Legend,"Just before you go: ''Oh look another German simulator game'' This is actually pretty well done, desinged and looks damn good.Few minor bugs here and there. This game has some-what depth in it. Cars, models, polygons, music, car parts and tools.Recommended to all gearheads. Buy while it's still on sale!"
,Recommended,270850,9055216,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Roderton,Really good game to learn aproximately how you have to fix stuff in cars.I've personally learned quite a few thing from playing it.All in all I recommend it for everyone.
,Recommended,270850,16345606,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Suislide,"It seems this game went on sale the other day...   It seems to have thrown a wrench into my plans...   I'm exhausted from playing this game so much...  It really seemed to have sparked my interest...  But seriously give me a brake I can only do so many car puns.I found this game to be rather enjoyable.  All those years I took shop class instead of home econonics finally paid off.  I'm very interested in trying out 2015 after watching the demo video.  But would buy on sale again!Just a few tips for anyone who gets stuck in career mode.  Make sure the oil is over half-way on the dipstick and make sure to check all the rubber bushings on the suspension.  A few times I was caught trying to figure out what obscure detail I had missed.  Also make sure to use all the tests to your disposal (OBD, diagnostic path, test course), makes it easier to identify parts that are worn out.I will be looking at supporting this developer for 2016!(As of this review I have not completed the 4x4 missions yet)"
76561198141177253,Recommended,270850,11143813,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Henrii,"Like a real mechanic, I was able to take new parts out of cars and replace them with used ones from my inventory. Then sell the new parts I took for more money. 10/10"
76561198027180004,Recommended,270850,11075473,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Juliano,"Eu faço questão de jogar este jogo assistindo ao clipe de I'm on Fire, do Bruce Springsteen. E fico falando com os clientes na minha cabeça com o sotaque dele. De nota 7 o jogo passa a ser nota 10. Experimentem:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrpXArn3hII""ghmmmmm..HI! Ah gan even.... Ah gan even bring it aaht t'you 'n the mawning... Ah'll seewya""Show de bola."
76561197983994728,Recommended,270850,10798734,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AlxRoots,Great game !!! A lots of level.
76561198021039040,Recommended,270850,8963870,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,123,Yes
,Recommended,270850,30071197,Posted: 20 February,all,ricke suprim,Wow!
,Recommended,270850,9810035,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,yung sadboi,Bolt screwing simulator 2014. Simply fantastic!
,Recommended,270850,9779760,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,{DE}Franzl Lang,Awesomely realistic :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
76561197972587801,Recommended,270850,13323893,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ironsulfide,"*** I have 20+ hours of play in this game on another account. Not the few minutes it says.***I am someone who doesn't know anything about cars.  I bought this game so I could learn some basic starter information.  I not only have learned about where a water pump normally exists, but also found the game fun to play.  I found the controls a little odd, but not too difficult to work with, but it didn't prevent me from enjoying the game.The graphics are very clean, and the way the game colors parts of the car allows for me to easily identify different components.The music is limited in its selection, but one of the channels is perfect for me in that it plays a hard rock style guitar song and so I just listen to that channel.Overall, I have learned just what I wanted from the game.  Where parts are, the names of different parts, and how various parts link together.  It's a fun game if you are looking for exactly what I wanted, which was to learn some very basic things about a car engine and where things are located in a car."
,Recommended,270850,25687098,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CsM_CAMPER,Tuleva duunini / my next job
,Recommended,270850,9840137,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Cpt. Scheiße Sampler IV,"Well,I do enjoy this game really, but there is some cons in my opinion which should be named:1. Test driving - Driving the car feels always (or is?) the same, the race game assetta corsa makes it possible to make small changes, mix these two games and you would have a perfect simulator.2. Tuning - WHY THERE AINT TUNING PAL ? :O (only women chip tune)3. Cars - Why dont you ask rl car makers to use their names, Revton Van? Vulcan Family?What I do really like is the way you are actually working at the car, that you can see the status of eachs tires even if you are not inspecting these.Great game Red Dot gamesGreets lukas"
76561198136587233,Recommended,270850,15871057,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Scoonie,"I bought this game after seeing a few youtube cilps of TomCat playing it and I have to say this game goes into high depth when it comes to what can go wrong with the car and what not.Not too long ago, I went to get my dad's courier van serviced (I had nothing better to do and he paid me for it :P) and being good friends with the mechanic, he let me into the workshop and showed me what was going to be done. With all the knowledge I acquired from a game I bought for about 9 dollars, I knew a good sort of the different parts of the van and didn't look like a confused toddler while he was explaining what I already knew from this game.I recommend this game to anyone who is in love with cars (like me. I'd probably marry a car if I could) or just likes a good challenge being puzzled with all the 75 different scenarios you are faced with."
76561198189374046,Recommended,270850,16256003,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,✪ Artemis,Its Very Cool Game And Now I Know Whats is Inside Of A Car:D
76561198097871440,Recommended,270850,9729519,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Mr. Diddles,"This is a great game, really realistic, must say i had a little lag but my computer is crap so i give 9/10."
,Recommended,270850,13169490,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Emodius,IT IS A VERY FUN GAME IF YOU LIKE CARS.YOU WILL BE ABLE TO LEARN EVERYTHINGINSIDE A CAR AND HOW IT WORKS.YOU WILL HAVE TO GO INSIDE CARS ANDFIND OUT WHAT THE PROBLOM IS THAN YOURELACE ALL THE BROKEN PARTS.I RATE 5/10
,Recommended,270850,10596057,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TevKev,Most stunning graphics of 2014
,Recommended,270850,9826147,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Infinte Gamer|Abkate,there was a sale right after i bought this
,Recommended,270850,11139695,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,geist,"Probably one of the most innovative games I've played in a very long time. I can not describe the overwhelming feeling of joy I felt when I saw that beautiful Prius sitting in my shop, waiting to be operated on. MY shop. The sense of entitlement when playing this game is like nothing I've ever felt before. As I delved into that prius, unscrewing the first nut, I was blasted back to the first time I played Alpha Protocol on my Xbox 360. I got that feeling you get when you want to just STEAL EVERYTHING IN THEIR CAR. So, that's what I did. I stripped his car of everything I could sell, walked to my in-game computer, and instantly teleported them to black market buyers. BEST 7 DOLLARS I HAVE EVER SPENT."
,Recommended,270850,16995537,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,twitchhero,"Tip: Replace new brake pads with old ones to make money.As a former mechanic I find this game intresting. I would not go as far and call this game a ""simulator"" but it does come damn close. If you're a gear head / grease monkey then this game is up your alley. I enjoyed and had some fun. I will say the gameplay gets repetitive quickly, but hey if it's on sale and on your wishlist give it a try."
,Recommended,270850,26381461,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Tony Montana,I like this game because it is accurate and fun to play plus it also teaches you things too
,Recommended,270850,16550084,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Takara ～ ❤,"Whilst the 'game' itself does have some bad points to it, namely not being very 'noob' friendly, it's a great little buy and gives the player a bit more of a depth of where to find components on your own car/engine.For its £2 sale price, it's absolutely worth it, as you'll easily spend 10 hours into this game just playing through the main game!Just remember, having a bit of knowledge of where to find components in a real car is a big help! Not knowing what the clutch is, or where it's located, besides being a pedal next to the accelerator and brake for instance. :D"
,Recommended,270850,13974746,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,The Teleturbans,Interior is always clean.10/10
,Recommended,270850,12378489,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Mike,"I dont get that many frames, but i love it, then again, im a gamer and a grease monkey, so you may or may not like it yourself"
,Not Recommended,270850,18040322,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Paramaniac,Simulation game without any depth.
76561198045472859,Recommended,270850,12991203,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Decima_ZA,I now know more or less how my car fits together and have some insight I never had before of how an exhaust system fits together. Good way to learn more about your vehicle mechanics if it interests you and you can't land a job at a garage or something.
76561198062326505,Recommended,270850,12946011,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BRAZILLIONAIREZ bitconnect,Why I cant play the 1/4 mode?
76561197972646566,Recommended,270850,12981948,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Derp,"This is a really great game. First starting it was a little clunky, getting the camera angles down, (I turned off the music, too. Just not my style), but very addictive once I got a work flow going. The bad, There isn't a lot of variety of vehicles or parts yet, the money model is not realistlc, and moding is not yet available. I really liked the 1/4 mile add-on, but it needs a lot more part options. A mod community, I'm sure, could cure a lot of these issues, if they add the modding ability later to the game. The good, easy controls and parts ordering. Not overly complicated feel. Overall, it is a realy fun game, and I think it has the most potential to end up one of the great game series, in future realeases. I will be playing it for a while I think."
,Recommended,270850,12973154,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RabidHampster,Fun way for mechanic's to pass the time.
,Recommended,270850,12921817,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ST4R5iD3N-NUFC,"Had this game on disk, wanted it on steam, i enjoy playing it, its different change of pace of the games ive got. i would reccommend it while its on offer. well worth it."
,Recommended,270850,11855058,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Clone303,Like cars? like Fixing cars? want to know how cars works? or close to in real life but yea i know this game is not puting all parts right on the car for i know how real life cars works so it's fully right but dam close and can life wtih that so than this is your game and good music and the game is really looking good
,Recommended,270850,9831955,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ScottishGeek Plays,ok so I know nohing about car repair and I still don't. however I suggest giving this a chance to see how you get on :)
,Recommended,270850,11145710,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Nox,"This game is great in so many ways.  Not only do you get to have a day job where you fix cars, but you also get to do fun♥♥♥♥♥♥like buy used parts and overbill on labor.  Ok, I'm kidding you can't really overbill on labor.  That would make it too realistic.I started out this game with a kind of wide-eyed enthusiasm, going the extra mile and replacing oil and oil filters when people brought me these crapwagons with tar for oil and clogged filters.  Pretty soon though I lost that zest for excellence and just started shoving work out the door with the cheapest parts I could find doing as little work as possible.There are some things missing however.  Disappointingly, when I am recklessly 'test driving' someone's muscle car and I run over 20 pylons and smack into a wall there are no amusing consequences.  For my own satisfaction I just imagine Danny Devito's voice crying out ""What happened to my car!?""  That'll have to do for now."
76561198010491119,Recommended,270850,9970562,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Tawngs,"The game isn't very in depth, and only a few parts actually come off. I was hoping it would be a little more realistic allowing me to perform lengthy jobs such as engine rebuilds, but unfortunately it's not possible. The work orders you get are often small, I wish they would add lengthy work orders to fix multiple parts. The new 4x4 they're working on should be interesting. All in all I got about 16 hours out of the game as it is now, and I will definitely play more once they release the 4x4 vehicles. The way I see it, $20 for 16 hours of entertainment is well worth it."
,Recommended,270850,28765695,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Laddie,i found this game for 77 cents
,Recommended,270850,22202018,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lootron,"AWESOME! yes yes yes,I know,this isnt much of a review. when i got this,I didnt know what to expect and I wasnt hopeful. I now KNOW THAT THIS GAME IS WHAT YOUR LOOKING FOR. heck to the 2015 version,its wayyyyy to expensive. this is worth it! trust me. its very fun. thats all i can say lol."
,Recommended,270850,22900140,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Dark Lord,I learned a lot from this game...And that is that I can't build cars.10/10 Would ♥♥♥♥ up the car again...
,Recommended,270850,32865321,Posted: 27 June,all,ｅｙｅｓｐｉｔ,"Heyyy, that's pretty good"
,Recommended,270850,33820789,Posted: 26 July,all,philip.eftevand,Great
76561198092047106,Recommended,270850,33352529,Posted: 7 July,all,Chill,A fun way to play and learn.
76561198051720815,Recommended,270850,8839471,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Barcox91,The game is nice. Played it for weeks!Sickest game of the year.
76561197972229966,Recommended,270850,8841519,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[HvK]Caecitas,"An astoundingly relaxing title for those who enjoy a little logical problem solving wrapped up in a neat little educational package. At no point could the game be considered a replacement for a formal mechanical education, but as you progress through job after job a little common sense goes a long way, and patterns emerge as you learn to associate particular faults and issues with components. While this will not help you put together that kit-car you’ve promised yourself for 20 years, it will give you an insight into the likely causes of common problems and test your ability to narrow down the offending item.Reasonably priced, well-polished for its price point and even a little educational – a very reasonable product indeed for anyone who wants to get a feeling for the causes of common car problems, or if you just enjoy a little problem solving."
76561197997410583,Recommended,270850,8843651,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Obecny,"Fun game. More of a car themed puzzle game than an actual sim. Some minor issues with the game but nothing that makes the game completly broken. (some of the detection to unbolt things is obnociously small, radio station resets on every new work order, some wonky camera angles). One of the other reviews said that if you screw up you have to reset your career, they have since updated the game with a reset current work order options thus resolving this issue.Overall a pretty good game if you enjoy cars and working on cars. Anyone with at least a basic knowledge of car parts will enjoy this game."
76561198071051691,Recommended,270850,8847451,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,VikiChan,"Quite nice game. If you ever played Hot Rod this game for sure will suit you. Yes, I agree with few comments that the game is simplified and this is good point for the develepers to improve. Adding additional machines or adjusting leveling system. It is quite uncommon to purchase your exerience points with 1000 buck instead of achieving it trhough the orders. I was hoping that there will be an option for buying a car from the morgue and scavanging spare parts in reasonable condtion from it, but pity you can only buy second hand parts.Waiting for the first add-ons"
,Recommended,270850,8851633,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,black.duck/elton/,"Yeah, Very Nice Game, PERFECT!"
76561198047955369,Recommended,270850,8845792,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,gurnsey,"if you like the mechanics of a car you will like this game, personaly i was expecting a game which would allow for me to customise my own car, but its still early, and yes, i see alot of promising updates, this game is a must have, if the delevelopers can read this, there should be a multiplayer part where you cant race other people with the cars you make and repair and build"
,Recommended,270850,8849782,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gods_Hands,GREAT GAME LACKS ALOT PARTS TO BE A CAR MECHANIC
,Recommended,270850,29792874,Posted: 8 February,all,Tralü,Nice!
,Recommended,270850,8843452,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DT,"This game is really awsome, and addictive as hell! The music, the graphics and the whole atmosphere is great.If you like cars, and want to solve some problems, maybe learn something on the way, this is your game!I have been waiting for a game like Gearhead Garage for a very long time, and now i finally can play it! :)Another important thing is the developers active support on the forums, i hope they keep this attitude!"
76561198084828273,Not Recommended,270850,13742011,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Big Stupid Jellyfish,"CMS is great if you want to grasp some basic automotive knowledge. And I do mean it. If you, like me, were seeking for challenges and in-depth content, then maybe this game is not for you. Here's why:1. It's too easy and repetitive.The first assignments will feel fresh and may be fairly challenging if you haven't had any experiences with car maintenance. After a while however, 2 hours in my case, the game gets boring. Problem searches become extremely easy as bad components will be very obvious to spot. This is also due to how the cars are built; every single car has almost everything put in the exact same place. Even GM couldn't pull that off.2. It's way too simple.There are no rusty nuts and bolts, anything can be taken out with a simple wrench, because, what are ratchets? You never have to appy oil, silicone grease and whatsoever. Basic car programming tasks are completely absent. There are also no customers that would pressure you, make work difficult, etc. (conversations would be nice). The only thing that requires you to actually do more than pressing LMB and RMB are freaking oil changes, but even those get repetitive after a while.3. Not enough content.Another problem of CMS is the little depth of content. You never have to pay for garage bills, every car has unlimited supplies of headlight fluids, the wrenching upgrades do not offer enough and, like I said before, no angry customers and competition. The biggest problem for me however is the lack of variety in cars; You can't find a diesel car, truck and anything that doesn't have its engine up front. So, if you ever wanted to do some car projects that would make you insane in real-life such as an V8 Audi or even Kim Jong-il's Merc 600, look away.Verdict: CMS is alright for anyone that wants to get a very general understanding of car maintenance. But then, you will have to shell out 6 or 12€ for a so-called simulator that makes car maintenance and engineering look as simple as a Volkswagen Beetle engine. There are thousands of literature and internet sites with more depth that are dedicated to these topics. Most of them don't even cost you a penny. If only the game offered much much more in terms of entertainment value, I wouldn't mind recommending it."
,Recommended,270850,8843986,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Steve-0,"Played this game for an hour, managed to output more power out of my own car by 5%11/10 GOTY."
,Not Recommended,270850,17406943,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,GRAND WIZARD,I cant stand that game it is so bad im hoping for a refund
,Not Recommended,270850,21065340,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,uhaulyourmom,The control and UI are somewhat hard to use. Very cool idea.
,Recommended,270850,8847253,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,basic.,its good
,Not Recommended,270850,21160261,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,=LXN= IceGT,"When I bought this game, I had no idea how to be a car mechanic. Now, after playing a few hours, I still don't know how to fix♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,270850,17582643,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,GamingNinjaSheep,"StoryNo real deep story, only thing you know is that you are a car mechanic with your own shop. You start off in what looks like your garage and then move on to bigger places as you get more money and more customers.GameplayIt handles nicely, sometimes the controls can be a bit bulky. You get a car, the customer tells you what is broken or what he thinks is broken and then you fix it. The way you do that is by examining parts and determining which ones need replacing or servicing. You can do all kinds of tests to see how the suspension is, how the engine is, how the tyres are and so on. You can change just about any part of the car and engine.You can even drive the cars on a closed course to check brakes and stuff, but the handling is really poor, almost farm simluator poor. And even though let's say the brakes are almost non existent when you checked, it brakes fine on the driving course, same with traction and speed, it's always the same no matter how broken the car is.You can magically reach into the car after removing some parts that are in the way, so you can after removing a lot of stuff for example change the flywheel or gearbox even. You would think that it will get repetitive after a while but as you progress further into the game you are completely on your own in trying to find what the problem is, you might only know that ""when I accelerate there is a clunking sound from the eninge"" or something. You can also tune cars and try to make them go faster on a dragstrip, I have not fully understood how to do this, I don't really have the know how on how to make a car faster, but not too fast.GraphicsThe graphics are really nice, way better than I expected. The cars are well modeled, so are all the parts. One thing that bugs me is that the cars look way too nice for some customers, there was one guy who had just bought a car for like 200€ and it wouldn't start, but it still looked really new out of the factory and recently waxed, you would expect it to be old and dirty.SoundThere is a radio which you can turn on and off for music, no real masterpiece music, just some generic simulator music, still good to listen too while working on cars. The sound the tools and engines make seem pretty realistic.Prize/RatingIf you are a fan of simulators and you are interested in how cars work this is the game for you. It's almost like a puzzle solving game once you progress a bit into it aswell, so if you are into that I would also recommend it.It is correctly prized, almost a bit too cheap even."
,Not Recommended,270850,13543265,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Traveller,"After a terribly brief tutorial, the game throws you in to learn how to service a car by trial and error.  That's pretty good in most games, I guess, but I kind of figured that a simulator that's so close to real life would have more of a teaching aspect.  There's no in-game 'pedia that I can find.  I find myself wondering what the target audience here is...not total novices, surely, but would someone who knows what they're doing have any interest?"
76561198026856005,Not Recommended,270850,11147826,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Chriszee,Complete waste of money. There is little to no point to the game other than unbolting a few bolts and clicking here and there... clearly this game wasnt meant for people who've ever actually done maintainence or work on an actual car themselves.
76561198046414556,Not Recommended,270850,22979996,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,A13N007,"This game Sucks.Ive got a total of about 20 hours of play time.The rest of it is trying to get the damn game to work.Ive read multiple ways on how to fix this ""Black Screen Error"" No success.It ran fine for the week and then now after uninstalling, and re installing 3 times.Running in compatibility mode.No SuccessWould not recommend."
,Not Recommended,270850,11151858,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Knugen,"Its just too simple.The test track is just gimmick.If the whole gearbox is broken, it will still♥♥♥♥♥♥regularly...."
,Not Recommended,270850,13253714,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,MrTibbs,"Bought it on the cheap. Played through the first like 60 challenges and looked for a guide on the last 16. You get a car in the end which you can't do a whole lot with. Tuning is a real pain, game is only worth your time if you get it cheap. I paid a whopping $4 for it so I can't complain too much."
76561198014320051,Not Recommended,270850,12921682,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,bigdgaff,"Not a bad base game. Kept me occupied for a while but is a limited experience with less replay value compared to the old Gearhead Garage game that I remember fondly.The entire game suffers due to long load screens between the garage and different test areasThe main negativity comes with the two expansions.The offroad expansion adds little apart from some new vehicles and a tweaked test track, while being littered with multiple spelling errors and occasional broken orders. Order 13 broke for me and seems to be an ongoing unfixed problem for some on forums.The 1/4 Mile expansion becomes repetitive extremely fast. The early orders I played simply set a time to beat and I just buy and fit enough tuning parts to beat said time. I quickly lost interest and stopped playing this mode. There are two big problems apart from the repetetiveness  with this expansion for me:1. Due to hitting the drag strip after each upgrade I spent most of my time staring at the load screen (seems to take nearly as long as the drag test itself).2. The learning book upgrades unlocked in the career mode are not implemented in the 1/4 mile version so despite being in the endgame garage, changing parts takes a long time as though I'm back at level one. The skills should carry across from the completed career mode in my opinion.Overall, worth picking up on sale to play through the career mode and then move on, maybe dabbling with endless mode if you get the itch to play some more. Forget about playing the expansions in their current form because they add little, while having drawbacks and bugs. I cannot recommend buying this at standard retail price."
,Not Recommended,270850,10837685,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Simternity,This game is like having a job. Not even a fun or well-paying job. 0/10. Extremely boring. I love this game.
,Recommended,270850,16816335,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,audist,xd
76561197980131405,Recommended,270850,28435427,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mod Sloth,"I was expecting more, but for $.69 (caught it on sale) I'm not complaining."
76561198138574803,Not Recommended,270850,21693937,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Skeletor,"Dumb.As an actual mechanic, i expected it to be far less complex than car repair actually is... but i never imagined it being this bad. The job where you have to do an obd scan on the car, i thought alright lets see whats wrong going on......doesnt even give errors or any info, scan complete, job done, same money as replacing a starter? Taking the intake mainfold off is just one click, but i have to wrench 4 bolts out of the airbox? Able to remove the fuel filter, which was located betweeen the fuel tank and body of the car, without removing the tank?I realize that if the game were too in depth it would be too hard and boring for most people. But i think a happy medium is needed and this is far from it. Neglects to mention simple things that people should know like lug pattern tightening. Guy says needs air, oil, fuel filter changes... changing the oil filter but not the oil? When you need new parts for a car, no looking up making sure you get the right parts, all parts fit every single car. Spare parts laying around fit every car. Hit it with a hammer, brand new again.I paid $1.69 for this game and im not even gonna request a refund since i got 54 minutes time waste outta it. Still i dont think its worth paying money to play. In fact even if they offered me money to play it i would still probably decline."
,Recommended,270850,8837190,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Smokey,"If you don't know anything about cars, the game can be a little challenging at first but is easy to learn. If you do know about fixing cars (like myself) this game can be very easy with little to no challenge. The repair process is very dumbed down and very easy. For example to remove a starter you just remove two bolts and its out, no wires to remove or anything. That being said it is still a fun game that any auto fan should pick up. Also if you don't know anything about cars it can at least give you a basic understanding of how some of parts on a car work."
,Recommended,270850,8841504,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Swat3Sniper,"Car Mechanic Simulator will bring anyone who played GHG back to the good ol days. It is a fantastic simulator with outstanding graphics, and depth like no game has ever brought before. The visuals are amazing and the accuracy and detail is well worth the cost of the game. If you enjoy working on cars this is the game for you."
76561198038253198,Recommended,270850,8843867,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ragedude,"Have been looking for a game like this for a couple of years now, I enjoy it and it has a lot of offerings to teach if you want to learn about cars. Have noticed small bugs but nothing serious, and the camera could be better. Other then this it is pretty cool."
76561198039476491,Not Recommended,270850,19557718,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TheWarBastard,"Don't buy this, I usually don't write reviews, especially bad recommendations because I know development can be a cruel process, however, this game is crap."
76561198276020746,Not Recommended,270850,22026333,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,tbone22,"OMG>>>>>Have you ever fell asleep on a saturday afternoon watching a baseball game. If you have fallen asleep during a baseball game on the couch,then you perhaps now what it's like too see time slow down or just stop and then times x10 added to is this boring car mechanic game.If you have more time then God then play this game,if not try something else....."
76561198117496079,Not Recommended,270850,8865002,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Donald J Trump's sweeeeet asssss,"Wow, all I can say about this is do not buy it, you will be throwing your money away. Probabley worst game ive ever played it lags so bad u can barley do anything and not even close to realistic. Just dont buy this game go get something else that is not terrible."
,Not Recommended,270850,8913800,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,almate123,horrible is there a way to get your money back?
76561198029163381,Recommended,270850,17814146,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Inch Shirt,Good educational game
76561198067552869,Not Recommended,270850,19122637,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,acgwagen,BORING AS HELL
,Recommended,270850,14576457,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Soviet | Getting new PC cant pla,"This game is great for people who like simulation games, this gives people great experience's of being a machanic i have played this game a fair amount of time. The game has potentialGreat"
,Not Recommended,270850,11042035,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Bibowski,"Game CONTINUALLY crashes to at random times. I could be opening the hood, examing a random part, etc. EXTREMELY annoying."
76561198005243632,Recommended,270850,8843528,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Nestle Snipes,"I should start by saying that....after putting over 100 hours of ""gameplay"" into working on my actual car (94 chevy caprice wagon...a land yacht of a wagon with a corvette motor :D )  this car mechanic simulator will not turn you into a mr. goodwrench!!With that being said though, it can be rather enjoyable, especially if you're someone who likes solving puzzles or diagnosing things (which is definitely up my alley!)...Despite it's enjoyability, I have to give a warning to newcomers....this simulator does very much indeed expect you to know generally where to find specidic parts, and to an extent, know what it does in order to diagnose the problem. Frankly, if you're one of those kind of people who have never seen the engine bay of your car (which is perfectly ok!)...chances are you won't find this very interesting in the least bit. Ultimately...this is more or less a ""diagnostic simulator"" more than a car mechanic simulator.,,knowledge of a parts' function will prove invaluable!Another thing to note, the english translation is (though mostly understandable) a smidge sloppy......so occasionally you'll get a problem to diagnose that can be a little....misleading, if you will...nothing too bad though.The graphics, I have to say, is definitely one of it's strong points.....honestly one of the best looking simulators I've seen as of late. I must also note the soundtrack.....though it may not be everyone's cup of tea, I find it pretty enjoyable, and it's long enough to where I didn't seem to find it too repetitive, even after 5 hours straight of playing.....and if you're wondering, it's primarily DnB and Dubstep.Overall, if you're a car guy or gal, and you at least somewhat know your way around an engine and drivetrain...this might prove pretty enjoyable.If chilling out in your garage wrenching on your car for an evening is something that you'd willingly do...this might prove pretty enjoyable.If you're looking for a software that will turn you into a legitimate mechanic,,,you should probably look elsewhere.If you're someone like a very special lady of mine, who is totally loveable and extraordinarily smart in certain aspects of life but couldn't identify a starter from an alternator.....you should probably look elsewhere, lol"
76561197965194128,Recommended,270850,8842889,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DerpZila,"really enjoying this so far, simple enough for a novice but complex enough to keep some one who knows cars on their toes a little, be intresting to see what the updates bring. Can't beat it for the price."
,Recommended,270850,8844329,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Jajayal,Very good game. Gives you a general idea of where things are on a car and also a fun puzzle to try and find out what is wrong with each car. Very good price also. If you're even slightly interested definitely pick it up. It's worth it.
76561198047998209,Recommended,270850,8843556,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Vilhelm,"Looking to fill the hole that Gearhead Garage left? Well, this game kinda does it... but not completely. The engine rebuilding is very similar and you can repair damaged parts and buy used parts but as far as I have seen so far there is no auction block (my favorite part of GhG), no body damage and no upgrading vehicles. It sounds like the developers intend on adding to this game as time goes on but it isn't there just yet."
76561197993805742,Recommended,270850,8844145,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Troyle,funny game but it could be better ! like gearhead garage. i hope they add auction house and more part to be removed.
76561198020306018,Recommended,270850,8840309,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,drcutler1026,"Awesome game, get it while it is on sale. I have learned alot about cars, was up till 6am playing.EDIT: After reading the other reviews I just had to stand up and defend this game. Let me start by saying that I know almost NOTHING about cars. The learning curve is not that steep. The missions slowly step you up to higher levels of knowledge. I only ""almost"" got stuck once. Now they added a resart mission button though. There IS 4X4 and V6. Now I want it to be MORE complex. I have learned alot. After a repair sometimes I wikipedia the parts I replaced and as a result my knowledge has gone up.To sum it up, yes this game has flaws, and the comments from the makers have bad grammer, but at $15 you really cant lose if you are interested in cars. If you went to the movies you'd spend the same amount and that experience only lasts 2 hours at most.""Skip the Big Mac and buy the game"""
,Recommended,270850,8848156,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mad1723,Fun game! A very good intro to car repairs. Very fun gameplay with progression and increasing complexity.
,Recommended,270850,8843093,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Nysa,"Well, for starters, this concept is great, but it's kind of wierd & makes no sence most of the time.I've some basic knowledge of cars & some stuff is just out there. For example, to remove the starter you have to take it looking in from the hood, behind the motor. No way you would do that in real life when it's accessible from below and no way you'll get your face, hand and a tool down there from above. Second, to remove the power steering you'll have to remove BOTH Tie Rods from both sides, which also makes no sense. But to sum it up, it's a nice concept, fun to play for a couple of hours, but then you've done everything a couple of times. And besides, it isn't as ""Gearhead garage"" was. You aren't able to buy & mod your own cars."
76561198059165558,Not Recommended,270850,10884660,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,kurtdakilla,Game lacks many common parts on the vehicle and is dumbed down to an extreme. Plus it seems the devopers are working on some sort of weird European cars as the filters do not resemble anything I've ever experienced. The game sadly lacks any sort of customization or way to spend your money. It also has some weird price problems ex. a oil filter is $50 on a standard car?!? and standard paper air filters for $100. This game feels like a chore to play so I would not reccomend it.
76561198069537859,Not Recommended,270850,8863714,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sasha Anora,"Firstly, I'm disappointed that I can't give this game a neutral recommendation.  Because that's what I wanted to do.Secondly, I'm a little dissapointed in the game.  I've only played the first mission and believe it will get slightly better, but as of now I'm disappointed in the lack of realism.  I was hoping to gain enough confidence to preform real work.  I wanted to be able to select car jacks and measure nut and bolt sizes.  I wanted to be able to tighten bolts to specifications.  I wanted to be able to shop for different brands of brake pads and purchase brake pads for specific cars.  50 dollars for one brake pad is so unrealistic.The game looks nice and was quick to setup.  I will probably continue playing this."
76561198075825924,Not Recommended,270850,8863400,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Poo Gobbla,"Brilliant idea for a game, it really is.However the mechanics of it all (pun not intended) just did not work for me, i felt like i was fighting the game just to walk over to check on a wheel.overall good for about an hours worth of boredom 4/10"
,Recommended,270850,11146902,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,SpaceMuffinAlex,The v6 engine block has 8 cylinders. wat
,Recommended,270850,16555483,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AmazingChocobo,"Dont expect to be able to repair your own car in real life after playing this simulator. It has all of the essential parts of the car but it doesnt go into every tiny detail which you need to know in real life. An example of this is that you get to replace the brake pads and caliper but the brake lines are non-existent in the game.This is still a very good program for anyone to get themselves familiar with all the major car parts. At least next time you have your car tested and it fails, you know which parts are being replaced.For the price, this sim is cheaper than most books you can buy. You can visually learn where all major parts are without having to jack your own car up and asking someone else to teach you which is which. Its very easy to navigate too.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,270850,11147170,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,AmUnRA,"First: I am no mechanic IRL. And thats the whole problem with this game - there is no tutorial, no ingame help, no search function, absolutely nothing to support players they have never repaired a car themselves. Only solution is to watch lets plays but where is the fun to redo someone elses work like an ape?Pros: graphics are really good, sounds are fine as well and overall appearance is very well. To mention is that the developers actively support the community and had developed new expansions in the past - for free."
,Not Recommended,270850,33982549,Posted: 2 August,all,karl,if you love taking off wheelsshocks take off wheelstracking take off wheelstyres take off wheelshalf shafts take off wheelstransmission take off wheelsyes you got it take off wheels all 5 nuts place mouse directly over them or move camrea ontill you hit the sweet spotbut dont miss anything or you could have to take the wheel off again ontill you find the problemso again if you love taking off wheels this is the game for youi cant put into words how repedative this game isi am not saying it has no depth beyong changing wheels but if you can change a wheel you wont get anywherei wanted this game to be good i really did but im done changing wheels
,Recommended,270850,23022159,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,FixsterX,nice game
,Recommended,270850,29923102,Posted: 14 February,all,CrazyMan2k17,AMAZING !
,Recommended,270850,11238671,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Warby,Already love this game
76561198124669030,Recommended,270850,11971675,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,CSI48,"this game is good , its nice to learn about cars and parts.. myself , i have work with and around vehicles nearly all my life. i tow cars for a living ( 10 years now ) .Things that would make this game better* Auctions - buying and re-selling cars ( AI compete )* If this game worked like Gearhead Garage i think this game could be the best thing ever.* To be able to build a car from the ground up. ( Buying the frame up to the body )* the ability to actually tear the Engine / Transmission down and replace things like Pistons , camshaft , crank, ect.Over all i rate this 7.5 - 10.0"
,Not Recommended,270850,16553846,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Uncle♣Yeedman,"Don't purchase if you want to learn to fix cars or just about anything to do with cars, as this game expects you to already know everything about cars."
76561198043428449,Recommended,270850,9298555,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,..,"This game is not supposed to be a joke. It's fun and educational. In the future you will want to take very good care of your car and little do you know that if you play this a few times, it teaches you. It doesn't tell u which tool to use when removing screws from different veichles but it's basic. I'd reccomend it to anyone who buys this game to actually learn from a ""Simulator"""
,Recommended,270850,8856090,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,!SSD BOY!,"This game is extremely fun if you like cars, working on cars, or be a mechanic and getting your hands dirty. The only thing that would be nice and i hope they do this in the future is to put more cars on the game and have alot more detailed parts as well as engines."
,Recommended,270850,12034295,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,oxy,"Never have i ever seen an RWD car, with transverse mounted engine in front."
,Recommended,270850,21385652,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,"smurf, destroyer of smurfs",10/10 would be confused as ♥♥♥♥ again
76561198060501946,Recommended,270850,18974523,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,zakk_tell,This game is really good!But i got it too late and since the 2015 is out too.This is inferior to it in content and in controls too.So i would recommend that instead of this version.
76561198113094231,Recommended,270850,18933030,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,johnmc50,This was fun and easy thank you
,Recommended,270850,18933040,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,eenplakjeham,"This is a very strange zen-like game. I'm not a car owner, nor have I ever driven one. I'm learning a lot about cars this way, in a simple and accessible way. Not to mention fun. Well, actually, fun might not be the best word. It is fun, but not like most games. I'm sure it's all simplified and not a simulator per se (I wouldn't dare ride a car where everything is held together by just a few bolts) but it's a neat little puzzle every time. Nice game for a nice price. Not for everyone, but nice to sink into and chill out working on cars."
76561198092617824,Recommended,270850,19037229,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Lil Tonksz ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),It's a pretty nice time killing and at the same time educational game!You should try it!
,Recommended,270850,9981879,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Niall,Very fun game
76561198211274719,Not Recommended,270850,22207899,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Injun Joe,"Avoid this game if you have actually touched a wrench. atleast half of the game is completely incorrect to real life situations and how you would approach a fix. and the used parts dont even make sense,  filters? really who would buy one used, no one thats who."
76561198083937964,Not Recommended,270850,11819836,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,mohzoheir,"Terrible game , not worth 1$ , extreemly boring with no targets , controls are aweful regardless which mouse setting you make the cursor is all over the place ..... stay away"
76561198120321825,Recommended,270850,9021574,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Gentlemanly Ladie Like,Really good game. If you enjoy in depth car games then you will love this game.
76561198157173796,Recommended,270850,13176380,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MASON,buy this game its the ♥♥♥♥ing best :)
,Recommended,270850,13146910,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EXo,Funny and interesting at the same time.You can demount alot of things in the car.
76561198053220595,Recommended,270850,13628084,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nomad_One,"I purchased Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 for less than $4. I’ve played a good 17 plus hours so far. For less than $4, I got my money’s worth. At full price however, I don’t think it’s really worth it.For one, it is very unrealistic. You can’t rebuild an engine in this game or even replace one.They have a used car part option to save money, but it is completely useless. Often times, I buy a part from here only to either sell it back because it is damaged/broken or the game wants you to buy a brand new one instead; but you don’t find that out until you reassemble the car back together only to see that the checkmark box on the paper is still unchecked. Only a very few times it was necessary but that was far in between and you waste a lot of time (trial and error) in doing so.There is a progressive system but it’s pretty basic. There are only four things to level up: your tools (to unbolt things quicker), business management (to increase money after each fix), better mechanic (at the start, a few parts will already be checked for you), and price discount on parts (new parts costs less with each level up). Each category can be leveled up ten times and then it maxes out.There is a bank loan option but I have never used it. I never needed to borrow money during my time of play. All I did was found the part that needed repair; repaired it or bought a new one and replaced it and pretty much did the minimal until the checkmark box was checked. I didn’t go the extra mile and replaced parts that were in yellow or in orange because that would be wasting time/money.Overall, the game is repetitive and does get boring after a while. The game starts you off with some easy fixes then it gradually progresses into harder or multiple fixes. Sometimes, the problem is given to you very broadly like “the engine won’t start, find the problem.” Other times it is given to straight forward, “change my oil.” You get three things that help you test most of the parts like the suspension, brakes, starter, alternator, etc. There are four colors that each part will display to determine its wear: green, yellow, orange, and red. Green means the part is new or in excellent condition. Yellow means it is okay. Orange means it is about to go out (does not mean you need to replace it though). Red means it’s worn out or broken and needs to be replaced. All you have to do, to be successful in this game, is replace the red parts and ignore the rest. Viola! I’ve had four garage upgrades (they upgrade by themselves after doing a number of fixes for each garage). I’ve maxed out all my upgrades (level 10 in each category). If I had to give this game a grade it would be a B-. It’s okay, but it could be a lot better."
,Recommended,270850,10888183,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,I AM THE GUY WITH PRINTER INK,a fun game to pass the time and make you think
,Not Recommended,270850,21305863,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mr. Weaver,Rick wasn't a playable character which was a bit of a letdown
76561198090892178,Recommended,270850,33404484,Posted: 9 July,all,xXCrazyDudeXx11,gg
,Recommended,270850,9775212,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,ThatDudeDoe,interesting andfun game... for the first few hours then gets very repetitive
76561198180715303,Recommended,270850,33163515,Posted: 2 July,all,Chris,"This is not a proper review, just know that this game will not run on cheap computers, it will be very twitchy even on the lowest settings."
,Recommended,270850,22922881,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Currently sad and lonely,have a GTX 770 and runs in high 70's C. Game is ok but wait for a sale $7 is a little too high
76561198207190456,Recommended,270850,17612176,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Fidget Spinner,Good game
,Not Recommended,270850,13725341,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PR0Zxcaart3r,"DOES NOT SUPPORT 1920 X 1080.Nothing more to say really. My play time has been entirely spent attempting to run this at any possible combinations of resolutions, but I am as of yet to play this game at all. The developers couldn't care less; offering no support, and judging by the Discussions on here about this game, I'm not the only person experiencing this problem.Money totally wasted, not impressed."
76561198065026149,Not Recommended,270850,13871151,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,m0th,"To be honest, this is very hard. I just love the concept, but the game doesn't play well at all. It's also not well optimized even in the first garage with no car around, my computer (6 GB RAM and 64-bit) can't run it. This is of course with it using almost all the RAM I have. Really that's more than enough to get a lot of people to stray away. Still, if you purchase this game you were warned (Escpecailly to check computer specs, as this game taught me to do."
,Recommended,270850,13639712,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,mpX,"I was a little sceptic buying this game... I thought it would be boring after 2 min. but i got surprised.This is not gonna make you a mechanic, but it's a fun game building up your own mechanic buisness.I really do recommend this simulator, as i enjoy it very much."
76561198128288714,Recommended,270850,9335322,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Invalid,"This is such a awesome game! I bought it two days ago, and I am done with all the levels! I recommned this game 500% percent! I can't wait for them to release the 4*4 add on!!!"
,Recommended,270850,22947779,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,reillyitsJJ,"WARNING I ONLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY KNOW ABOUT CARS10/10 got ripped off atwww.usedcarparts.com$1000 for 'used' car part = %3 percent left of its health. loleither than that its a pretty fun game, keep an inventory filled with items, shop online for parts."
76561198318408735,Recommended,270850,26394097,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Chris the Gamer,:D :D :D :D
76561198076672681,Recommended,270850,13146760,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ɈS | JuanVe,"Well first of all, i never write analisis of any game. But from this game, i can say that is so fun, so useful and also isn't a waste of money. Car mechanic Simulator is a game where you will start learning the basics, and it would guide you in part but most of all is your mind that have to process new habilities that are used in real life to keep your car in good conditions.When you continue playing and enjoying learning in a fun way, you will discover the function of every piece that conforms a car, then is when the interest of being a real Mechanic comes. You will start replacing/changing the same parts of a car, but this time you will like the best quality and functioning a car can give you by adding the best parts, this is known and tunning and isn't hard, only you just have to be interest in it, and see the awesome things you can make. One of the best programs ever done. That's it! Thanks to the developers."
76561198049565150,Not Recommended,270850,13265063,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Advantage115,"Big Waste, mouse jerky, and hard to control"
76561198122613436,Recommended,270850,21693001,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cpt. Rice,It took an hour until I found the fuel filter
76561198279008902,Recommended,270850,23494620,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Jake123ismaster,ecit is an awsome game love i like it more than car mechanic 2015 beacause the phone is so anoing
76561197983747040,Recommended,270850,28418315,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,NOt bad. Got me interested in the 2015 version.
76561198074169975,Not Recommended,270850,16043324,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,PhoenixT1,"This isn't a simulation. Only a few parts of the cars are interactive, so the game quickly become VERY repetitive. I hoped to improve my knowledge in mechanic but there is nothing to learn in this game..."
76561198044485007,Not Recommended,270850,12030405,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Bad Karma,"This feels like less of a game and more of a ""Look how good big rigs over the road racing looks..."""
76561198134605033,Not Recommended,270850,12039993,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,jacklynsmoot,this game is broken the game dose not work
76561198047980905,Recommended,270850,24821086,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,,If you like puzzles you can't go wrong with this game.
,Not Recommended,270850,28729983,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Roberts,"I like what one reviewer, Hox, Said: ""Every vehicle has the same strange engineering""It's true. I work on cars all the time and I've never had such a hard time finding an oil filter. Or one where the air filter box isn't servicable.I'm glad I got it for under a dollar, it's worth about that much."
,Not Recommended,270850,13580072,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sfash,"There is only one thing that's good about this game - an idea. Everything else is so terrible that it gave me a headache. So if you like to do the same things over and over again, with terrible steering, lack of options, clumsy graphics and awful interface - buy it. In my opinion it's a complete waste of money."
,Recommended,270850,28278024,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rhino,great
76561198149776701,Recommended,270850,25708459,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dumtskk,"Very nice game, I have 1% knowledge about car, after playing this game for awhile, it raises my car knowledge to 20%."
76561198019045602,Recommended,270850,24043431,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Speed Demon,GOOD GAME NEED MORE UPDATES TO CARRY GAME ON
,Recommended,270850,24111156,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Stance:Nation CSGOSWAP.com,"Puzzle, puzzle  and puzzle.10/10"
76561198048806414,Recommended,270850,12986774,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Calriel,"Hey guys,I have 5 hours or so on the clock for this droll lil game called Car Mechanic Sim! I personally know next to nothing about cars, and while awaiting Dragon Age's impending release, I needed to kill a few hours and I thought I'd learn a lot from the game.What I got out of it:* I know a LOT more about car parts and their location.* I have a basic grasp of replacing car parts.* I got more enthusiastic about cars.* I had a fair amount of fun for a few hours.What I did not get out of it:* An intuitive interface (it's quite cumbersome and the camera is dreadful).* Knowing how to tell when a part is bad.* Learning what different parts do.* Really finding out  how to do it (the game has a necessary level of superficiality).All-in-all not a terrific or extremely realistic simulation, with actually pretty poor controls and very little in the sense of helpful tips or tutorials, but for the few bucks I spent on it, I do feel I learned a lot of useful things and I had fun learning them!"
76561198018106956,Recommended,270850,12937052,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,NoseGoblin,"If you like to work on cars and you like puzzle games this IS for you.  If you know nothing about the basics of how a car is assembled but like puzzle games this might not be for you.  For instance, if you don't already know that a fuel pump is installed in the gas tank and the filter is in-line with that pump then you will be searching for days where to find a part that is supposed to be replaced.This game will not teach you how to fix a car. However, it can give you some basic ideas into what makes a car tick as well as learning some terminoligy such as what a tie rod actually is and where you would find it on a common car.  If your a mechanic (like me) it can be a little frustrating at times when you know what needs to be replaced and it makes you go through a ton of unneeded steps to make that replacement. But again, it is a puzzle game more than how a person would really work on a car.Some things that could be added to the tutorial IMHO would be to show that you can go to the repair bench and fix some of the parts rather than buying new...I'd also like to see controller support...WSAD in the test driving portions can make you sea sick.Lastly, the graphic optimizations need some work. I play this on an 27"" iMac; I had to turn a lot of the options off to make it playable as well as reducing the resolution.  When I play it on my MacBook Pro on Windows7 I dont have to...even though my iMac has much better specs.All that said, I am very happy with this game and look forward to the new update."
,Recommended,270850,33663680,Posted: 19 July,all,Mr. Huffmington,How to fix things without doing any effort 10/10
76561198217053415,Recommended,270850,33675737,Posted: 20 July,all,Webssy,Bought it for $0.69 during summer sales. Worth it.
76561198069312220,Recommended,270850,30805493,Posted: 28 March,all,Grindelwald,Ygs sonuçları iyi gelmediyse pratik yapmaya başlamak için iyi bir oyun.
,Recommended,270850,9320315,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,D O N N Y Xans,Chill gameplay and horrible music! - Perfect when hungover!
,Not Recommended,270850,35051792,Posted: 18 September,all,Octopus Salad,I thought I would get a car education.  I think this is most like a hidden picture game?  I don't get what it's about.  Did not enjoy.  Did not learn anything.
,Recommended,270850,31476429,Posted: 30 April,all,VTF FLORYN gamdom.com,"Nice game! 0.59 Euro, good price!"
,Recommended,270850,31372519,Posted: 26 April,all,918 Spyder,You can learn more about the parts of a car in this game then in a tv show
,Recommended,270850,31476545,Posted: 30 April,all,мyтнιc⚡,This is my favorite editon of Car Mechanic Simulator. It's a fun game to mess around with!
,Recommended,270850,11176127,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Hobo,I am now pouring oil from an endless bottle of oil after I worked under a scissor jack.  My life is complete.
76561198006514123,Recommended,270850,8906243,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Rogal_Dorn,"Strangely Soothing, I know nothing about cars but I didn't have a hard time figuring this out.  Played it for 20 hours in two days and I don't know how...but I did beat the main campaign in that timeframe.  Perhaps not a super accurate picture of how cars work, but then again how the heck would I know!!!"
,Recommended,270850,13591812,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[M4tth2w],Good Game :)
,Recommended,270850,34422331,Posted: 22 August,all,CrispyGMR,It's a really chill game
76561198070381799,Recommended,270850,9833393,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,True,"Great game !A real breath of fresh air ,slick graphics  with puzzzle and strategy elements .If you re someone like me who just drives cars and put fuel in and changes the odd wheel you 'll learn something too.You get the money for each  job up front so need to taylor the job to the budget ,should you replace a part with a new one ,try to repair it or maybe stick in a dodgy used one and hope for the best ?It's all down to you mate but dont turn on the garage radio .....it's authentically terrible ha ha"
76561198065419151,Recommended,270850,23077420,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,itye1970,PCSimulators.orgLet's Play & Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuspEBbyYjs
,Recommended,270850,26341724,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,fun and quite realistic simulator
,Recommended,270850,10355642,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Whap XI,"Surprisingly hype. Shame about having to remove so many bolts and that there are only two variations on cars. And the shop interface could use work. Still, a shockingly fun and addictive game. Get on sale."
76561198312368569,Recommended,270850,29243302,Posted: 14 January,all,oli gaming23#gamer!!,refund
76561198043893394,Recommended,270850,16629223,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Doctor K,I love a game that helps teach at least the basics about something in real life. This game helps those like me that don't know jack about cars.
76561198079093200,Recommended,270850,9217943,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,S U C C Master,"Erm. If you like simulators, and cars."
,Recommended,270850,21753888,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Cap'n G2000TEK,"Amazing game! First I played the free demo version of the game (also available on Steam) and now I purchased the full version! Super cool simulator, also if you want to learn about car parts, and where to find them, it's great!"
76561197993926609,Not Recommended,270850,9034033,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Just a Carrot,bugged with multiple monitors
76561198051552566,Not Recommended,270850,8893659,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lewinator,"First (slighty depressing) impressions!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9vBG51lP3II bought this 'game' soley because of how happy the man in the thumbnails looked fixing his car. I wasn't as happy and the main reason is due to me not knowing much about cars. If you're a mechanic this is for you, but you'll probabloy be fixing cars or something. If you like cars, Need For Speed is slightly, just slightly more fun. Be warned!"
,Not Recommended,270850,25126410,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Marinxar,You finish this game in 15 min. Then just repeat everything on different cars and garages.
,Recommended,270850,34121145,Posted: 9 August,all,twitch.tv/FrogeTV,works better than the 2017 version
,Recommended,270850,8839068,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,sweetind,Its ok. graphics are not that bad. Can get a little boring after a while
76561198017805050,Recommended,270850,8840385,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Geniraal,Good simulator game think it is good
76561198062187285,Not Recommended,270850,12959467,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Flash7980,"Annoying camera sway, really laggy mouse movement, and I shouldn't need to quit to the main menu in order to change the mouse sensitivity."
,Not Recommended,270850,8870682,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,TheAbeL,Not a bad game for 10 bucks.. but its more of a puzzle/lego game then it is a simulator.You find out what wrong.. you replace them and that pretty much it. No interaction with customers.. no buying tools or equipment.. or even expening your garage its all handed to you as you progress. Not my idea of a simulator.cons:cheap gamepretty bug freepro's:not really a simulatorgets boring very fast due to lack of content
76561198142943817,Not Recommended,270850,11061489,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Captainmorgan_16,this game is real glitchy and it lags real bad like the games to slow for a processing system. they really should fix that...
,Not Recommended,270850,9893191,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Count_Zero [DK],"Boring and extremely repetative gameplay, that are on top of that, filled with bugs.It's probably based on the old Gearhead Garage game, but unlike the original, this just feels like a waste of money and time.The last ""update"" from the team was a kickstarter asking for more money for an online version, despite the fact that this game is clearly not finish in any way.Not only can I not recommend this game, but I advise you to keep away from it."
76561198136305784,Recommended,270850,22228305,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Comrade Boris | csgopoints.com,I have no idea what im doing.
76561198143909366,Recommended,270850,11131800,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Speed2PvP,Hey Guys im on a great computer and i get the BIGGEST LAG Spike got damn helpp
,Not Recommended,270850,19469244,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Fairer,Do not buy.
,Recommended,270850,23851006,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,van gogh,"Good game, basic clean game. Needs improvement"
76561198068686000,Recommended,270850,26424510,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ant$u,Wubwubwubwubwubwubwubwub
,Not Recommended,270850,19651866,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Карл,"NEVER BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥Are you talking about DLCs? This hell is showing you one or two fancy cars, and than the SAME invalid cars are coming to fix. What about Carreer? Dude, you will never finish that♥♥♥♥♥♥ because 3rd job of career,,, you need to FIX EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ED UP DETAIL on that ♥♥♥♥ED UP car..... 10 of 10"
,Recommended,270850,9998760,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,TheClashMan,a great game love it
,Not Recommended,270850,21735920,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,shRed,Its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198150855795,Recommended,270850,25084753,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,DersASnakeInMeBoot,GAME WOULD NOT LOAD I OPEN CAR MECHANNIC SIMULATOR AND WHEN IT LOADS THE SCREEN IT FREEZES I UNINSTALLED IT AND REINSTALLED IT SEVRAL TIMES BUT NO RESULT Please help!
,Recommended,270850,9946842,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,RaiderWolf,"Well, being a real life mechanic I don't even know where to start with how frustrating this game is at times. But I'll just say I can tell whoever designed the vehicles has never touched a wrench, and decided against having someone who is a Mechanic or at least mechanicly inclined to assist in even naming parts, yet alone on how some parts come off the vehicle. I have to remove the rear differential to remove the drive shaft? Uh, no. And 90% of theparts you have to access from the wheel well can be accessed from under the vehicle, without even removing the wheels.All in all, I actually would recommend this game amazingly, but that's because it's still a work in progress and has time to improve. Only advice is don't take mechanics lessons from it, you won't learn anything. And real mechanics beware, it'll drive you nuts."
,Recommended,270850,22929204,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Peter Capaldi,i dont know
76561198089729902,Not Recommended,270850,22236863,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,harrow12345678,"Its not usual that i think a game is bad and in this case to be honest its not bad, no its ♥♥♥♥ing dreadful.. if you buy this game you may aswell throw your money into the street and take a big fat sloppt♥♥♥♥♥♥on it because thats what this is id probably rather hang myself than play this game.P.S. the reason i even bought this game is because i didnt need a♥♥♥♥♥♥at the time."
,Recommended,270850,25627786,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Policeman Fuck,"Oh my god, 10 rear axles out of ten."
76561198114689448,Recommended,270850,12972459,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Nigga_pony -M4,awasome
,Not Recommended,270850,25691667,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lil Uzi,Ahh im so sorry but i don like it i give it 2/10I mean its very hard to control i dont understand sometimes what i need to do.If you want to be mechanic you should try...But yeah sorry :(
,Recommended,270850,20715222,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Monsta X,good controlsnice graphicsperfect soundtrack9/10
76561198313094387,Not Recommended,270850,33698354,Posted: 21 July,all,Georgs,This game sucks if you want one get 2015
,Recommended,270850,30653661,Posted: 21 March,all,mOrf,Its not the best but its ok...
76561197968810837,Recommended,270850,15694672,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Reese's Penises,"Some people may remember a gem of PC gaming history called Gearhead Garage.  This is basically that game, but much, much better.And I have to give Gearhead Garage props, that game sucked me in for hours when I was younger.  It was incredibly simple, and can probably be easily converted to a flash game at this point.So you can imagine my elation when I saw this game.  Since it was indie, I didn't want to pay full price.  I've been burned by too many boring, broken, or incomplete indie games in the past on Steam.  I can say, knowing what I know now, I would definitely pay full price for it.At this point I am addicted to it.  For me, that is being stuck at work, and looking forward to getting home and playing th is game to unwind.  I usually play for an hour or so at a time (I'm a casual gamer).  That's pretty rare for me, only other games to do this are bigger hits like GTA V or The Last of Us.I'm a huge car nut, so I very much enjoy this game.  I've tinkered in real life.  Granted, the game completely simplifies all the repairs, but it's still satisfying and doesn't feel mundane or boring.I also really like the fact that you can ""learn"" things such as increasing profits, reducing parts prices in the catalog, or increasing the speed of removing bolts.Each scenario feels like a puzzle, and a few times I've been stumped and had to look something up online.  If you have any automotive experience, some of the jobs are easier for you to tackle, since you've probably experienced it in real life; e.g. tires are wearing out fast (suspension), car shuts of randomly (fuel pump), etc.  If you don't have experience, you will probably learn a thing or two, that is pretty cool.As far as graphics/sound/controls.  The graphics seem slightly unoptimized, FPS can dip down once you're in the shop, but the graphics don't look incredibly detailed.  Sounds are average, nothing amazing there.  Controls aren't too bad, the camera can be annoying sometimes with how it zooms.  But after a while you'll get to a point where you're flying through all the interactions and whatnot, so it's easy to get the hang and feel of.If you're a car nut like me, and have actually worked on cars before, this can be a fun romp for you.  I'd definitely recommend trying this game out, it is well polished, and well executed.  Big kudos to the developers!"
,Not Recommended,270850,34989833,Posted: 16 September,all,[TCA] coolmanintheair,"Too laggy, way too hard to navigate through parts."
,Not Recommended,270850,9828588,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,FREEMASON,Could have been better with full engine rebuild but no it's just some easy chick learning skills. Nothing too complicated. I do feel like this game is targeted for women.
76561198014921375,Recommended,270850,14797811,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,cosmicandre,"As a non-mechanic...found this game , espcially on sale, to be worthwile. It was enjoyable (although does tend to get redudant) and actually informative in a general sense. Learning some fundamentals about the workings of a car was neat.Definitely an interesting game  - and if on sale - worthwhile."
76561198101629304,Recommended,270850,33866832,Posted: 28 July,all,Unlimitd Ducks22,its boring
76561198215765673,Not Recommended,270850,35020125,Posted: 17 September,all,GangstarCat 🐱,The first hours of gameplay were fun but after some time and after i tryed other game modes (like off-road and 1.4mille) i realized that street raceing red line its better even tho its old as F*CK it got more fautres its more fun and more detaliate (all tho the crashes are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I am refounding the game and i buying car mechanic simulator 2015 because in that u can actualy build a engine from 0 (u cant do that in 2014) and its seems more fun.
76561198334828757,Not Recommended,270850,29368725,Posted: 19 January,all,jakethebox,It sucks do not buy buy 15 😡😡😡
,Recommended,270850,16999856,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Fart Cat,"SEQUEL NOTE: This game has a sequel now (Car Mechanic Sim 2015), I'd recommend picking that up instead.Anyway, this game is surprisingly satisfying. Even though it's silly, I found diagnosing and fixing a bunch of fake cars an emotionally fulfilling experience."
76561198202935627,Recommended,270850,31884252,Posted: 21 May,all,LiamGR Gamdom.com,it is very good game
,Recommended,270850,32114875,Posted: 1 June,all,Shurikenx,You can make a religion out of this!
,Recommended,270850,32021915,Posted: 28 May,all,NUK3D,Much better than its dull sequel. Actually fun.
76561198030646348,Recommended,270850,32326542,Posted: 10 June,all,snaplp,Great game
,Recommended,270850,8836073,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,KolossalxTodger,"VERY SUPRISED by how awesome this game is! Feels like a finished product for a change, not like other simulator games! Great sounds, great graphics, easy keyboard layout and generally fun to play, learning about different parts and problem finding.Starts off telling you how to move around and using the action key to interact with your environment, then it lets you do your own thing; completing jobs, buying books to learn more (to level up), test driving the cars etc. Levelling up through the game gives you bigger garages and better tools!Definitely worth the money and would recommend to anyone who loves cars and simulation games."
,Recommended,270850,25669809,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,BROWCOW,"I put this on my resume and they hired me!  I'm fully confident that I can fix any car now thanks to this.  I might even open up my own shop, it's such easy money.I bought this for 69 cents and it came with a free beautiful advertisement for ""Car Mechanic 2015"" right on the title screen.PROS:Me after using this.CONS:Mechanics that never played this before."
,Not Recommended,270850,9048103,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,mrstevens_,Very very laggy
,Recommended,270850,8841960,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Simas02_LTU,cool games 10\10
76561197998100636,Not Recommended,270850,13032988,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Gorbash12346,"Where to start..As someone who used to do this for a living, this game could have had it's uses. Unfortunately it does not reflect any of the work a mechanic actually does, i understand that it can't be too complex but there are mountains of things missing from the actual cars, (water pump but no radiator, hoses heater core etc etc) inlet manifold comes off like it's a toy while the exhaust manifold uses 4 bolts per exhaust port  and bolts to the block not the head, wheel bearings, brake pipes, you name it. Silly stuff like making you remove the entire exhaust system from the back to let you remove the exhaust manifold. or the intake ducting and the air mass meter to be able to remove the airbox to change the filter i can only assume was done to make it drag out the career mode.Get someone who actually knows about cars to design the parts and it could have been goodEvery chassis is identical so it just turns into a grind.some of the explanations for the faults are complete gibberishCheck the oil for some reason becomes change ittelling you to change individual brake pads or do the discs but not the pads, changing oil without the filter and only individual spark plugs etc etc.This could get people thinking the real thing is a breeze and why you will find people doing a DIY port and polish job by tipping sand into the intake of their running engine...one to avoid IMO"
,Not Recommended,270850,33699495,Posted: 21 July,all,♕ S.K.y,"Bad Game Ever, Dont Buy This♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"
,Recommended,270850,32022996,Posted: 28 May,all,Pr0jax,nice game
76561198033067304,Not Recommended,270850,10887942,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,x0joe0x,"Horrible game!! dont buy i got to around order number 40 and it never let me get past the part of checking the breaks, you will sit in the same spot holding the space bar for over then minutes and it will not advance. and it crashes 3 - 4 times before it will let you even play it. do not buy this game....unless you like wasting money and raising your blood pressure. negative 5 stars"
76561198095804183,Not Recommended,270850,8895194,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Disneyforever,Got thorugh the very first order and was about to complete it when I accidentaly opened the menu when a tutorial message came up. So now I have to redo the entire thing.
,Not Recommended,270850,8981905,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Blueshift,"""Car Mechanic for Kids 2014"" more like it. It was never going to be a simulator game and they chose to dumb it down massively so people who dont know much about cars could play it.Dont buy this game if you are a real mechanic or someone who knows a bit about cars. It is boring as hell."
,Recommended,270850,33034426,Posted: 30 June,all,Sky,Meh
,Recommended,270850,24428830,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,aaaa,Best roleplaying game ever since arma 3 aka best roleplay game
76561197997207489,Not Recommended,270850,8871858,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,frosted butts,"I thought this was going to be like Gearhead Garage; but in this game, you're basically doing the same boring chores over and over without any feeling of progress or achievement.This is not a €15 game; it's a €1 phone app."
76561198121657575,Not Recommended,270850,14297422,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,tjsgotgame1131,terible
,Recommended,270850,20382805,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Mrblackpower69,My wiener got stuck in the car door again. I rate it 9/11
,Not Recommended,270850,13155699,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,RadiatedShark95,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and will only download half ive been trying for three days and it wont work
,Not Recommended,270850,13114247,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,gearheadted,"The graphics in this game are not very good. The time it takes to remove and install bolts is way to much, it quicly becomves very annoying.  The camera angles while trying to remove or install parts is very cluncky and diffucult to use."
,Not Recommended,270850,24119936,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LordGruntsALot,I had watched some videos of game play & figured I would give it a go. It feels like they developed half the game & just stopped & called it job done.
,Recommended,270850,24509255,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,lyjacky11,Very fun and addictive! Great for learning about car parts!
,Recommended,270850,8870878,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,greenbone,"We started to think badly of the word ""simulator"" lately, but sometimes there is flower where you would not think of it. The game is fun, and extremely well done on graphocs and game engine. The potential is huge. The pros are atelier work and puzzle part of the game. The cons are the driving part is not connectred to the car's status."
76561197993106953,Not Recommended,270850,13075498,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Highonmaui,"I run an automotive repair and customization shop and am an A.S.E. certified tech and I love the concept of the game but the execution was terrible. It is obvios that they did not employ anyone in the staff that is a mechanic. There are a huge amount of things overlooked (like where are all your tools?, theres a red tool box that is smaller than anything that could hold any usable amount of tools) Or how you buy brake pads individually(4 per car) (irl they are sold as a set per axle), and why is it harder to find parts in the game then it is in real life? It is also more frustrating trying to navigate the view and be able to click the parts then it is to do it in real life. Also the OBD scanner should be better than a $100 scanner since it is just a simulation....For the most I wanted to love it but just couldnt, 1 star all the way"
,Not Recommended,270850,30212176,Posted: 26 February,all,Occupational Hazzard,"If you want to simulate the feel of working on a car, I guess this game is ok. The representations of the vehicle insides are not very accurate."
76561198042825349,Not Recommended,270850,8958042,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Blitzgamer,Worst gamer i've ever played.
,Not Recommended,270850,9904931,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,XTC_ANTOM,Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,270850,8893429,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Swaglord James,why did I buy this?
,Not Recommended,270850,8861324,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jakehopt,I would literally do anything to recieve a refund for this.
,Recommended,270850,34177287,Posted: 11 August,all,Acapella,"Not my type of game. tried it, didnt find it interesting."
,Not Recommended,270850,29584476,Posted: 30 January,all,Hatsan,"No optimisation. My computer spec is near recommend. I set to low graphics, off all of options like SSAO, AA. but frame is under 20.So, I Refunded this game."
,Not Recommended,270850,8899865,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,JK,"I expected alot more from this game.The gameplay was okay for about 5 minutes, and then it's just the same over and over again.The cars handles like crap in the test track, you just gotta click stuff to take them apart etc.This is more a kids learning game rather than a simulator.Not worth the money at all."
,Not Recommended,270850,9960061,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,EGPrime,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME! I bought this thinking it would have some gameplay to it. It is the most shallow point and click adventure ever. Even if you are a car mechanic, do not get this! It will make you feel♥♥♥♥♥♥about your life. As soon as I started playing, it felt like I had wasted money, so I Alt+F4. I feel sick to the gut about how much money I wasted on a half finished, boring concept. Even if you have watched videos on this, and think it would be even the slightest bit fun, heed my warning.My problem with this game is that it has 3 inches of gameplay. You get a car, you buy some parts, you take parts out, you put some in, then you assemble the vehichle. It's like a 3D jigsaw. What seperates this and a 3D jigsaw, though, is a 3D jigsaw does not guide your hand every step of the way! If the person giving you the car has not already told you what it is, then driving it once around a track or sitting in the car will tell you. I really hate this, as it removes any concept that this game once had. It drops from a puzzle with depth to a point and click. You get a lot of the same car in this game, and the cars aren't even real, so it's not like a lack of license.The controls are clunky. The camera slides like it's on a demonic rail from hell sent to bite you in the f*cking♥♥♥♥♥♥ The mouse lags, and the head-sway would make you believe that you downed 3 bottles of painkillers before each job (I certainly thought about doing so). I understand that you can turn headsway off, but if you do that you feel like you have had a neck brace put on. The music is so loud and abrasive to my ears. It's not licensed, and I know that you can turn the music off, but that's boring. This game has NO middle ground!I haven't even started on the mechanics. You can only access certain parts from certain angles. That part makes sense. My problem is that some parts make no sense as to where you extract them. You should take the gearbox out from the bottom, but no! You take it out through the top. Through the engine! Don't get me started on the nuts! You should unscrew nuts diagonally, but this doesn't matter, acoridng to Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. For a game specializing in CAR MECHANICS they don't know anything!You can buy second hand parts from a dodgy website, but there is almost no point as you can either repair the parts, or buy them new. Second hand parts are never good enough. You could repair them, but that takes extra time, and it's a lot easier to just buy new ones.To cleanse my ways, I am going to donate £13 worth of toys and stationary to the bravery box in a cancer ward. It's the only thing that my £13 could be spent on to justify spending so much on a game that made me feel sick. I do agree with funding indie developers, but only if they have good concepts. I was stupid to buy this in the first place. Learn from my mistake, or donate £13 to a teenage cancer trust. Your choice.http://www.clicsargent.org.uk/"
76561198198292311,Recommended,270850,24236038,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,artu,the game does not work I want to return my computer is not strong for this game
76561198127451532,Recommended,270850,15239696,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,spikeonaleash,"as a part time mechanic this game is fairly close to realistic BUT it lacks quit a bit of detail , also...where are the damn v8's for the muscle cars?!?!? its a very fun puzzle game , just expected a little more"
,Not Recommended,270850,27921038,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shadeenie,"Unplayable.Esc key doesn't work at all, or any other keys besides wasd.Waste of money."
76561198218725676,Not Recommended,270850,24643750,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mathewap888 : csgobig.com,THIS GAME SUCKS DONT BUY IT
,Not Recommended,270850,31418853,Posted: 28 April,all,Castorul 3D gift-drop.com,A ♥♥♥♥ing game!
76561198118879223,Recommended,270850,28350015,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,RawJimmies,Very Laggy. Also because my PC sux
,Not Recommended,270850,33745512,Posted: 23 July,all,[LP] Xtreme_Dummy | μT |,"Not worth the money... It would have been a nice game for free, or for a lot less then they are asking...Either get it on a sale, or dont get it at all..."
,Not Recommended,270850,25679625,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,shahmaNN l Udrqm ne poftarqm,Poof game no Good oke Noo
76561198092620130,Not Recommended,270850,8851994,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,BRETTPET92,I have a problem whenever I start the game I have a solid black screen than if I hit the space bar it says the game crashed. Any help here?
76561198124016244,Not Recommended,270850,8856433,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,amberexample,"I dont know why, but this game on my comuter is very slow, laggy. I was really looking forward to this game, but i just can't play it. No other game lags, it is only this one. I will admit it is an old laptop, but i have enough space and that, so it should work? Somebody help , PLEASE :):)"
76561197992088977,Recommended,270850,8834828,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Liber,"Enough nice, but one for sure... it's not a simulator!"
,Not Recommended,270850,12329594,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,minijordanh,crap. repition is not fun.
,Not Recommended,270850,30300430,Posted: 3 March,all,Jesus Christ,boring and repetitive gameplay
,Not Recommended,270850,30049795,Posted: 19 February,all,bubbles,all does is crashes
76561198267359724,Not Recommended,270850,24450134,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Sais,как вернуть игру?
,Not Recommended,270850,13123735,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,nukeatron2000,if you like action games this is a terrible game
,Not Recommended,270850,9258382,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,YoshiKebab,laggy
76561198142438683,Not Recommended,270850,25245679,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,^ ^1👌S!ckBoi,"this is♥♥♥♥♥♥its doesn,t work"
76561198322060924,Not Recommended,270850,30714404,Posted: 24 March,all,RandomTurtle21,"Bad quality,Glitchy, terrible i could go on for hours describing. i hated it because i paid money for this game and it just goes like 1 frame per 3 seconds."
76561198102077811,Not Recommended,270850,12907269,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hunter Good,"I find this game great, like what others have said, this game isnt in depth, its a very general game. The reason i'm giving this game a 4 out of 10, is because on many different occasions, the game tells me the order isn't complete. I've completed the order, replaced all the parts to green, yet the game still tells me i messed up. So, after many hours in this game trying to figure out what i did wrong, the conclusion is this: the game was wrong. I wouldn't pay full price for this game, i'm glad i got it on sale. One more thing, i can get motion sick in some games, this game is one of them. There is actually a setting that lets your character ""bob"" his head up and down. The windows in game shouldn't be bubbly, make the windows clear, i want to see the outside clearly, there are also little white dots floating around constantly in the game that serve no purpose."
,Not Recommended,270850,30841488,Posted: 30 March,all,Nitwon,"If you're considering buying this game, buy My Summer Car instead. You're welcome."
76561198011822623,Recommended,270850,12530405,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,paulabela,In my case the game lags alot !! I tried changing the video settings and it barely improved.. is this happening to anyone else ?
,Not Recommended,270850,25805145,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,KF,smh
,Not Recommended,270850,34226914,Posted: 13 August,all,Lost_CauseYT,Get My Summer Car its better 2/10
,Recommended,270850,8835441,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,flamingdog,♥♥♥♥ing amazing tbh
76561198077515289,Not Recommended,270850,8838681,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,RAINES,"Please help me if you know how to fix this bug, when the tutorial (Radio and car jack control) ends and click the 'close', my screen stays as black screen even the loading sign goes away. I can hear some noises from game (The game is not 'Not responding' condition) even the screen is all black but this is not how to play the game though...*My PC : Core i5, 8G Ram, Intel HD 3000 graphic card. Is my PC too poor to run this? Any solutions? Thanks..!!"
,Recommended,270850,31071022,Posted: 10 April,all,Legacy | Huz,Not worth. There is just not enough content in the game to keep you entertained for even more than 2 hours. There is more of a fixing focus in the game rather than a building/driving focus.
,Not Recommended,270850,29920925,Posted: 14 February,all,DollarCobra,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,270850,33902946,Posted: 30 July,all,Tomox7171,♥♥♥♥♥game. Dont buy this crap
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,270850,12837326,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,"The person who created this game has clearly never seen an engine in person. There are several parts in the wrong locations and dependencies that make absolutely no sense, such as removing the air flow meter in order to change the air filter. Riddled with bugs to the point that I have had to either delete my profile and start again or reinstall the game in order to advance. Both expansion packs are poorly thought out. The 1/4 mile add in particular makes absolutely no sense and the engine sounds in the dyno were horrible. This game is a waste of money and time. 0/10"
76561198026729962,Recommended,270850,8834345,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,WOLFPACKED,"looks good so far - I'll give you money to continue this idea - ""the 2014"" spooks me tho - I hope this game expands and adds steam workshop support - this has a lot of potential, please dont stop development in 3 months and start on a new 2015 edition."
76561198035258334,Not Recommended,270850,8844030,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gorugo,"I don't know why I have a horrible problem after I finish the tutorial.I can ONLY hear some sounds, but saddly I cannot even see anything!!!What the hell is this?Is there anybody else who has the same problem I have right now?"
,Not Recommended,270850,12886693,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,VTG1800,"Not bad the simulator game for Mechanic, but this video game not to study for new MechanicWhy not, this game only just open the tire, and engine parts that do not detail the type of car, and test engine in interiorBecause not Contents Axle, Setting Tie Rod, Setting Klepp, contents of the piston is not revealed, Gear Box,placement of fill in the wrong gear oil, and another.This game so simple for good to play empty spare time. You much study to made a video game simulator to perfect."
76561198204937655,Not Recommended,270850,22906233,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Чечен адвокат,nah it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,270850,33317045,Posted: 6 July,all,Xgames48,you cant spell success without♥♥♥♥♥♥ and frankly i dont see you getting either
76561198044884722,Not Recommended,270850,30226982,Posted: 27 February,all,gamer,"game is like lego toys, for children, not for man who love cars"
76561198081743954,Not Recommended,270850,8848331,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,glennkts8,"Requires too much technical knowledge for a simulator. Gets boring after 10 minutes. They need to work on their tutorial more so that beginners can get a headstart. Otherwise, gets boring quickly."
,Not Recommended,270850,23115504,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[GMechanic]Alfie,this is far off for a simulator ratingPro'smakes sure your uninstall button is workingCon'sworst optimizationthe worst tutorial in the history of timecontrols are like cancerno challengeno goalwaste of a fiverrating: 0.1/21221212172172712
,Recommended,270850,8834810,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Where's the Lamb Sauce!,"Amazing game! Beastin music, and great graphics for a Simulation!! MUST BUY!"
76561198154993285,Not Recommended,270850,12892254,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ANugget,this game is unplayable due to the lag. When in the game i will get about 5 fps. and i have a 850 pound gaming computer  and all my other games run fime. ive tried deliting some memorie but stull didnt work. Dont waste ur money
76561198039128467,Not Recommended,270850,12856751,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Tramadol,Meh.  I played for about an hour and just didn't see anything that would make me wanna keep playing.
,Not Recommended,270850,12886943,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,AGC Omega,WOW SO LAGGY I GET LIKE 2 FPS WHEN TRYING TO MAKE A CAR WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY!
,Not Recommended,270850,23802290,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MIJY678,do not buy this game it does not work
76561198030817661,Not Recommended,270850,12638029,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Formalsky,Very boring
,Not Recommended,270850,12694901,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,PwnStar,"I don't get all the great reviews. Tedious and boring, that's all this is"
76561198162614305,Not Recommended,270850,12869402,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,michaelnorris1994,wont let me on keeps saying some about graphics ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,270850,23642586,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Imretard,i like nuts
,Not Recommended,270850,12561397,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,bloody trippa,Atleast the uninstall function works.
76561197960533581,Recommended,270850,8834442,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Bigpaul,Love This Game I used Old Game Called Gearhead what was the 1st simulator for cars :D :D
,Not Recommended,270850,33416811,Posted: 9 July,all,Jarvis,Dont buy get My Summer Car
76561198016659159,Recommended,270850,8833639,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Vic,Very cool game spend hours playing the cool game
,Recommended,270850,30422481,Posted: 10 March,all,[PCNE$] Jz.Daki,A fun game with doing the same thing over and over
,Recommended,270850,10166679,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Dad,Great adictive game but i do wish it had more car parts like a turbo and a intercooler.
,Recommended,270850,10181435,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,_3_3_3_,"Probably useful to impress your driving instructor, with the basics that is; changing oil etc.."
76561198070539470,Recommended,270850,10200697,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,brotherhood52,good game
76561198063458461,Not Recommended,270850,10308919,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,rcampbell73,Having trouble with the graphics. Can't find a setting that doesn't have lag in the camera or mouse.
,Not Recommended,270850,8916376,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,kekdogg,"Tedious. No story whatsoever. Just repetitive, unrewarding tasks."
,Recommended,270850,10240500,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kakarot_76,"For those of you who like puzzle games this is quite a good one, oddly satisfying but not too difficult.For you budding mechanics out there it does give you a bit of a feel for how cars actually work, highlighting parts and automotive engineering knowledge.All in all a good little game, though I'd wait till its a bit cheaper £12.99 is a bit too steep in regards to play time."
76561198074332313,Recommended,270850,10173763,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,st.klasek,"niezła co prawda nie umywa się do Street Legal Racing Redline ale polecam. Rozrywka niezła i niezłe misje. Jak narazie kojarzy mi się bardziej z GearHead Garage tylko brak modyfikacji jak narazie. Warta pieniędzy.Not bad, it's not that good like Street Legal Racing Redline but still i recommend that. Good fun and not so bad mission.It's more like GearHead Garage witchout modification for now. It's worth that money."
,Recommended,270850,9914371,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,AuraPup,"I'd give this game a 7 out of 10. It runs good and all, but it's a tad bit shaky. Other than that, it's a pretty cool game."
76561198011984060,Recommended,270850,9917279,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,man eating fruit salad,"This game is a great concept, but it's a bit unfinished. If you don't really know much about cars, you're not gonna know what to do. the game doesn't offer up much in hints if you get stuck, and it's not really the best in telling you exactly what it wants you to do. That taken into account, yeah, i enjoy this game, and i recommend it. it's pretty fun, nothing mind blowing. and if you can stumble through it, you might learn a thing or two.my main gripe is the lack of fluid lines. Usually how i'd try and feel out an unfamiliar car is i'd tract the fluid lines. In this one, you have no real way of knowing the fuel filter is in the rear, Also the camera is pretty bad. Like really really bad. You can only tilt it, and you can't morve or pan it. If this game got an update fixing the camera issue, it'd be really really good."
76561197993431766,Recommended,270850,9906133,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,MeatCutter,fun to play..
76561198023769154,Not Recommended,270850,10099189,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,datrat,"Awkward clunky and bad value for money I think. I suppose it does give an idea of the order of removal of parts and replacement procedures byt the interface is sooooooo clunky its horrible. Bright colours and smart in some use of see through opaque views but a waste of 20 bucks for me,"
,Recommended,270850,10100076,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,djsamkin,Its a fantastic game i think xephos should try it.
,Recommended,270850,10101045,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Squida,"Enjoy Vehicles?Heard of a game called GearHead Garage?Did you want a newer version like it? with better everything?THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!And even if you have not heard of it but want to know basics of vehicles, this game is still for you.to sum it up, you are a mechanic. your objective? simple... REPAIR VEHICLES!So far of course, like alot of games on steam, it is in ALPHA.so more features are to come, like buying, reapiring and selling of vehicles."
,Not Recommended,270850,9754520,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dirtbag,"If you're looking for the new Gearhead Garage, this is not it. Although fairly detailed graphics wise, it falls flat compared to what  we all know this is suppose to replace. The test driving albeit a neat feature is terrible. An arcade racing game has better handling mechanics than this. But test driving aside the core mechanics of, well, being  amechanic, just doesn't feel the same as it did in Gearhead Garage. Not to mention the lack of an auction/build your own projects (Which IMO was what brought Gearhead Garage to life) is missing, so it's just you fixing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cars and you really have no motivation since you're essentially doing the same thing over and over without a goal to get to, like saving up to fix a beater you bought at an auction. One last point I think is pretty important is the inability to actually take the entire car apart. The game dumbs it down to only a handful of parts that can be removed and replaced while others are just static imagery, as if they didn't exist. All in all, the game does not live up to the expectations of a 15 year old game. It really should have."
76561198005730731,Recommended,270850,8927278,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Frontmaster,"I love this game, great fun to play, the graphic quality is great in my opinion.  Lots of variation.  I've played this for quite a few hours, I love the music too."
76561198000422142,Recommended,270850,8928345,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,trans727,"Oddly addictive!!  Although, you career goals are a little ambiguous as there is nothing that describes milestones and how close you are to achieving them. That aside, I still like it."
,Recommended,270850,8930631,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,cbass8oz,"Its a cool puzzle game basically, I've been playing the crap out of it. Needs more options of parts to repair. Have fun chip tuning to 40%  xD"
,Recommended,270850,8931081,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,FallenAvatar,"Suprisingly accurate (tho simplified.) Probably the most *fun* simulator I have played to date. Good Job Red Dot! I would love to see more cars, maybe even an expert mode with many more parts.- Monk"
,Recommended,270850,10002324,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,The Master of Abortions,"Pretty in depth mechanic sim. Very entertaining, keeps crashing though."
76561198070249256,Recommended,270850,9568288,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Jikun,good
76561197963047944,Recommended,270850,9681294,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Finchmeister,cracking little game harks back to the days of gearhead garage except its got more grown up :) could do with being able to buy you're own cars though and alowing you to buy upgrade parts rather than just replacing parts with the same ones but all in all a great game that stimulates the mind and really addictive!!!
76561198132165195,Not Recommended,270850,9829992,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,kentljp928,Not working on Razer edge(Windows 8.1)      :(
,Recommended,270850,9835159,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Frank Whack,"For people who have experience on cars such as myself, this game is very basic. It's kinda funny that you can do a transmission job in less than 5 mins. The music is awesome. I would say that the game is worth the sale, but not the full price."
,Recommended,270850,9834450,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Sgt-CodyX,"For the first mechanic simulator I have played it isn't bad. Its more like a puzzle game. Although there are only 2 different insides to the cars 4 and V6 all the parts are in the same exact location. I would have liked some changes. But as the game goes on, the orders become a little vague and more difficult to check. I would also like to have to repair the radiator, and the actual engine block. But as long as they keep updating it like they are, its pretty good for the money! I have played a few hours and I am happy with my purchase!7/10 due to the guts of the car are all pretty much the same."
,Recommended,270850,9920616,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,therealstubot,"As a car enthusiast, I found the game to be overly simplified. The interface exaggerates the monotonous aspects of working on cars, while skipping entirely the actual difficulties and triumphs. The main workflow consists of getting a car with a job sheet. The sheet has a vague problem and a dollar amount you'll be paid if you fix the problem. The first assumption made here is that the person who wrote the job sheet knew what the problem was but failed to tell you. They also figured out how much it would cost for you to fix the problem and are charging the car owner that amount. If you fix exactly the problem, you will be profitable. This is a very flawed model since it gives no penalty for diagnosis. You can tear the entire car apart, find the item that has the most amount of wear, if that item can be replaced or repaired for the amount on the job sheet, then it's likely your problem. Rarely, the problem can be 2 or more parts that are marginal.There are several ""makes"" of car in this game, and several different configurations. Most cars and minivans are 4 cylinder, front wheel drive, suv's are all wheel drive, and a few performance cars are v6 (LOL) with rear wheel drive. All cars share most of the same parts. A front strut for the suv fits the economy car, performance car, minivan, everything. There is no confusion about parts at all. The air filter fits everything, as does exhaust pipes, mufflers, cats, brake calipers, brake shoes, end links, shocks, struts, fuel pump, fuel filter, spark plugs, ignition modules, and about a dozen other parts.The mechanics of the game are tedious. You get your car and job sheet. You have to figure out which part to replace, but some of the parts you cannot diagnose till you've taken other parts off. For example, if you want to diagnose any suspension component, you have to remove the wheel before you can diagnose anything else. Once the wheel is removed, you can diagnose a layer of components. Diagnosis consists of either selecting diagnose mode, and clicking on the part, or removing the part. Diagnosing the part makes it turn a color from green to red, with green being the 100% effective and red being 1% effective. It appears that anything below 30% is your bad part, with 17% being the most common threshold for failed part. Remove the part, go to the computer and buy another part, sell the bad part on the used part market, and then install the new part. Put everything back together again. Get paid, rinse, repeat till you're sick of it, which for me was about 2 weeks. One area in particular that bugs me is the brake caliper removal sequence. I have removed brake calipers many times, from many different cars, trucks and motorcycles. in every case, the brake pads stayed in the caliper when I removed the caliper. The game has the brake pads stuck to the rotors, so an additional step is needed to remove the pads.The problems encountered are textbook, and the solutions are also textbook. Anyone who knows about fixing cars will know immediately what the problem is when reading the job sheet. Could this 'game' be used to gain experience in fixing cars... maybe. One would understand more fully what each component was and how it fits into the whole, and how it's failure would impact the whole. The part about the actual work, I believe would only help someone by giving them a general idea of where on a car that item lives. The work portion is so over simplified as to be a great source of laughs for the first 100 times, then tedious boredom after that. There is no searching for the correct sized socket, then discovering you need the deep wall, and don't have one in that size, or picking the wrong size, and rounding off the bolt, so now you have to use a pipe wrench and buy a new bolt... or discovering you cannot fit your hand into the space provided so you make an elaborate contraption of extensions and universal joints only to discover you didn't need to take that bolt out after all. There's nothing about anti-seize, lock-tite, assembly lube, torque wrenches, impact wrenches, nothing at all about tools. I never had to dig out the welder, sawzall, hammer, prybar, gloves or safety glasses during the game, which makes it totally unrealistic. None of the bolts are ever stuck, rusted, or broken. They're always easy to remove, and install. I never burned my hand on a hot exhaust, or got shocked by a faulty spark plug wire, or got battery acid on my good jeans, or spilled oil all over the engine and had a smoke bomb when the car was started. Also, you cannot install parts out of sequence, so the all too common scenario of discovering you forgot to install the wheel bearing seal after you finished putting everything back together never happens.I cannot really imagine an audience for this game. Maybe servicemen overseas who miss working on their cars, or prison inmates... A teenager should have their own jalopy to work on and learn from. An adult inclined toward this will have a project car to work on, and certainly will be working on it instead of pretending to work on it with this game. Someone who is considering this line of work as a vocation won't get an accurate picture with this sim, but will get a very general idea of the workflow. Guys like me see this as a novelty and buy it to be disappointed. Perhaps someone with less hands on experience would benefit, or enjoy the simulation. The design and artwork for the sim is good. I will recommend this sim/game for people curious about working on cars. If you already know how to work on cars, pass on this."
,Recommended,270850,9856202,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,BMWMFAN NJ,I am so addicted to this game. i really like the game its the best game and a bargin.
,Recommended,270850,9859520,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Absurdely captivating- would buy againWhile this is clearly a low budget game and I could play Diablo 3 instead this simulator has its charms. I can't really explain why I'm in mission 64 right now except maybe the fun hunting for an error and fixing it. Maybe I'll should spent some time as a mechanic one day.It plays like some kind of meditation but may feel like a chore to some players so you should definitely try out the demo first. Also I hope to see more parts and variation in the soundtrack, car models, upgrades, test drives, more economics etc. in CMS 2015.The good stuff- fixing cars, music and a rare polish feel to the game. Missions are loosely based on some real mechanics I guess - people driving offroad with their city suvs, illegal racers tuning their chips - lol - next please make a system administrator simulator next with the same vague problem descriptions from users to figure out...Controls are a bit difficult since you have to focus on a part first then click again to remove it, game has no serious technical difficulties though, no crashes and can be alt-tabed also so solid work from the coders here."
,Not Recommended,270850,9860709,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Evo X Guy,"its fun for a bit but as you get to the harder missions it doesnt indicate what threshold for replacing a part is required.it ends up being a frustrating pattern of trial and error disassembling, then re-assembling the whole car.maybe they'll fix it up some and make it into a fun game.  would be nice to actually take apart the engine rather than repeatedly fix the suspension."
,Recommended,270850,9344976,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,sexysapphireeyes,"i was recommended this game by a friend and i was very pleased with it, a great puzzle solving sim that is challenging and fun to play, i thought being a girl it would not suit but i recommend it for anyone, the graphics are good, thecamera  controls are not the best but are easy enough when you get used to them. an all round fun game for everyone"
76561198097963810,Recommended,270850,9348245,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jason Bourne,I love this game and cant wait for the 4x4 update to come out. i think they otta come out with a emergency update for it as well. i give 5 stars.
,Recommended,270850,9341150,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Veryghoster,"8/10 recommended. It will be better if can purchase more than one pieces at a time like brake pad, so if you have to buy it for 4 wheels you have to click 8 times !!!"
,Recommended,270850,9282633,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Task Force 131,i love this game
76561198093235411,Recommended,270850,9394051,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,spazomano,i think the game is fun but it needs more advanced parts. And you should be able to repair or replace the lights and mirrors.
76561198070580256,Recommended,270850,9396948,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,vladamier666,"Its a good game and concept but there should be more interaction with the car.  I have played car simulation games with bad graphics back in the day and had alot more stuff to do, like going to the auction to buy a car in some shape or form to rebuild and resell, on top of working on customer cars.  Like being able to tear down an engine all the way to the crankshaft, removing interiors such as seats and exterior body parts if the customer were to get in a fender bender.  If you want ideas you should check out the game called gearhead garage if it will even run on any of the new computers I can get it to run on mine but it takes alot of tweaking.  I would like to see somemore in depth engine repair and body mods and some more vehicle choices"
76561197981702975,Not Recommended,270850,9242543,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,HeadHunter_nieuweStyle,"I cant recommend this game, it have potential, but i think the devlopers doesnt havent very big plans on this title.I know there will two expensions in the furture, but i guess this should be it. What things are negative:- Dont like the radio, its quiet annoying. My girlfriend sings better then that.- You cant instantly turn the radio off so go for silents gameplay.- An other good future could be that you can listen to your own music selected by the radio.- Some camera views are terrible, like filling the engine oil and need to go back to the oil stick to check the oil. Also removing oil is just terrible for camera angle..- Other bad thing about the oil change, the oil collector unit is hard to position under the car, so the oil is always falling on the floor.- There isnt really an tutorial ingame so you can learn where the parts are on the car, (i never saw a mechanic without brains or doesnt know where to start.- You cant really disamble the whole engine, this is really an missed change to be a good game.- Maybe some complain about my bad things i listed here and saying its a cheap maded game, then make it more expensive. Ill better like a good game i want to pay for, then buying a not so good game that would chase my whole live staying on my steam account..- It looks like that the parts are all the same, i like to see more parts that arent interchangable with some brands of cars. This was already existing on the dos game `street rod`, and street rod 2`. How hard could it be to make a really good game and make good money on it, instead doing something an hope it would sell..- What i also think is worse, the secondhand parts are always `junk` as you want to buy it(not usable anymore). I thought to would be more clever to buy a second hand part, but is was really worn out and so not usable anymore.- I also like to see more and better music in this game..As i said this game have potential, but i really like to see that the devlopers work this game better out! But then i could recommend it, otherwise not!!!"
,Recommended,270850,9413456,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Silent Snow,"What should I say about this game? Is it fun. Initially it is quite fun as you are presented with challenges. There were some problems I encountered with this game though. Some of the required parts to be changed are not clear. After you have solved all the campaign missions, things go downhill and the game just becomes routine and a bit boring.I just wish there were more to do in the post game experience. It is almost hinted that you can do more with the engine, but you can't really. I wish there are more parts to replace or at least a more advanced mode or set of tools. In a way it is boring since it breaks down to running the car on the diagnostic path and the test track and then replacing all the parts as you need them. Or you have to replace something on the car first to get it running and test it. However, there is no challenge to this.I did encounter a few things that I consider to be bugs. Some parts will not show their condition, unless you physically unscrew them. I sort of understand the logic to this, as you need to visually inspect some parts to know their condition, but it seems strange. Mostly I just wish there was more variety on the diagnostic techniques. Maybe more mini-games such as tyre balancing or having to set the torque on a wrench, add a cherry picker so we can do more with the engine, force the user to lift up the car to drop the transmission. Fix the radiator, fill it with coolant. Replace the sterring wheel, align the chassis.Some problems that I have with the game is that there are no time constraints. You are free to take your time without worrying. You are also only given one car at a time to work on. It seems really strange that they give you this super deluxe car shop with the impression that you are making lots of money, but I have never seen any car workshop that only worked on one car at once. Other things I have a problem with is with the in-game parts catalog. There is no way to filter items by name or by condition. There is no quick sell option. What would be really great would be a parts checklist or log. ""Inspected x - condition y, took off part x - condition. Other issues, I think there should be a keys bound to enable switching between attach/detach, inspection, show/hide body or parts condition.I still recommend this game as an interesting distraction. Would I recommend the full price? It isn't really that much, so yes."
,Not Recommended,270850,9445659,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,1nertia,"Wouldn't recommend it, could do with a little more realism. Not sure about the rest of the world, but here in Australia, we use air tools for most things, ie; taking off wheel nuts - not wheel bolts. Also, the exhuasts on a car usually come in 3 parts from the cat back, and to replace one bit, you don't have to entirely remove the rest, just saying.Perhaps adding the ability to customize the cars that come in would add something to it. Like fitting a turbo and intercooler setup to a car, etc.I know it's still early stages, but it could be a lot more than what it is."
,Recommended,270850,9503790,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Ferdinand Griffon,Not a masterpiece but if you're interested in car mechanics probably you'll enjoy it
76561198126156352,Recommended,270850,9488413,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Turbanator,I think this game is fun and awesome
,Recommended,270850,9252811,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,KingMaddog,"Great game, I enjoy it and I would recommend to it."
,Recommended,270850,9376511,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Matters,"This game provides a well-balanced level of fun and simulation. Worth the money paid for when I purchased when it was on sale. Does need an update for more vehicles / parts, other than that, 7/10"
76561198059263976,Recommended,270850,9379446,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Ned Flanders,great game very realistic love the part quality and details i can tell alot of time went into this game.
76561198061613088,Recommended,270850,9380689,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,shade_mondas,"though I recommend this game for general fun, it is not a true auto mechanic simulator nor should it be considered a learning tool for becoming one.  Their is no engine block disasembly or removal of pistons, crackshafts ect nor can you adjust the throttle.  The engines in all the cars are exactly the same, and if you work on a rear wheel drive car, the engine is mounted like a front wheel drive which is NOT how engines in RWD are monuted. The drive shaft comes out of seemingly nowhere and even if it's rear wheel drive the gear box has shoulders for a FWD.  The only engine configuration is the fuel injected I-4 and V 6 no uniquness or difficulty based on unfamiliarity, in fact, anyone can work on these cars, very basic stuff.  I took automotive service technology in vo-tech and know something about cars, this is totally inacurate.  However, I think there is a lot of BASIC stuff that can be learned from this game, as there is a lot of detail and work on suspension, though that is where it ends. No engine work some clutch assemblages to work on at times. The ""test"" driving is nothing of the knd, I never use it unless an order calls for it, the cars handle exactly the same whether you change out all the old parts for new or not. There is no performance gain in test driving.  Basically, you do a work order, then go to the next. There are three garages each more advanced than the last, however little difference besides a few diagnostic tools you rarely use anyway, most people just want there tires changed and their spark plugs replaced anyhow.  I like the game just to pass the time but there are more advanced games of this nature and it is not a true simulator."
76561198017453575,Recommended,270850,9226497,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CJ Gaming,Is good if you want to know about cars would like more in it like big jobs engine overhalls ext not really lives up to it's name but still good fun
,Recommended,270850,9227957,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Vq.| Jordan,I was very bored and so I decided to download some demos. I have to say I was very impressed by this game. Im usually not a casual game type of guy but I really have enjoyed this game! Highly Recommend!
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,270850,9197520,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Corwin86,"Sorry to say that I expected more, and the product himself seems to be... too dedicated to a single wing of players.I explain: the game is not bad itself, but, frankly, define this game as a ""simulation"" is ridiculous...You have a garage, two or three motor types, some bodies... and some pieces to change.This is it.There is no financial ""part"" inside the game, no management, no surprise...This is a puzzle/casual game, only with a good graphic.Without a solid financial/business/management part (maybe in future?), I advice to save money for Automation and Gear City."
,Not Recommended,270850,9197884,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bonehead,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 was a bit of a letdown for me, since i had expected something a bit more indepth.Majority of the time goes by, fastening or unscrewing bolts, and they are everywhere to say the least.Furthermore, once all the ""learning books"" are bought, things start becoming easy, almost to a point of being ridicolous.I spent upwards of 15 houres in total, completing all 75 career missions, and where the hell did the limo's run off to?I've even spent extra time with the non-stop garage, in the hopes of getting the glimpse of a limousine, and still nothing.I've seen games worse than this, calling themselves simulator games - but i've also seen better games!I'm unsure if i can bother anymore, until the 4x4 DLC is released, cause who knows, limo's might come sneaking then.Taking into account all the things i mentioned:5/10"
76561198077093569,Recommended,270850,9387515,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ace777h,"The game is okay. Could still use a little camera work and a more in-depth tutorial, and a better understanding of certain parts and where they are located, but other than that I would recommend this game to any simulator fan or those that just like to fix things up."
76561198005755324,Recommended,270850,11534040,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Mr. Tex,"A casual and relaxive game for people interested in cars.You don't need to know anything about car mechanics beforehand, it is not a complicated game.It has just enough depth to make you return to it for a new session.Will you learn something practical from it ?It depends on you current level of knowledge; the more you know the less you will learn from it.My only complaint is that the camera angles are often awkward and in your way."
,Recommended,270850,11538240,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,yelroc,"Overall I liked the game, but it's not great.  I think I got the game for $10 when I bought it.  The game is definately not optimized, it runs my computer at 90%.  Its more than any other game I have, so its just bad coding there.  I was hoping this game would help me learn more about the inner workings of cars.  But, it really didn't.  I guess if you knew nothing about cars at all it would help.  I like the problem solving aspect of the game which is what saves the game in my opinion."
,Recommended,270850,9830606,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,-Rage'- OwlRV,It´s a Awsome game but hard :D
,Not Recommended,270850,11441713,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ArielOjosVerdes,"Too simplistic. There is no real challenge in diagnosing a car's problem, as the game does everything for you, and some of the supposed tests do not offer enough feedback. (The test track.).The economic model is too simplistic, and yoou always have enoght money on each order to fullfill it without using spare parts, repaired parts or needing a loan. Each order is budgeted for you so you never overrun costs uless you buy the wrong parts, and you can run all the tests on all the cars because they hav eno cost associated, nor your manual labor time.On the good side: The GUI is fast, fluid and has no performace problems. The few things the game does are well thought and executyed.Not sure if it's worh full price. It's good when its on sale."
,Recommended,270850,9377495,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,KaneWolf,"This game is fun and realistic, it is boring at first but think another 5 minutes and I will uninstall it then an hour later you find yourself having seconds thoughts about unstalling it. Then it finds its way into the folder labeld ""My Faveourite Games"" then you think it was worth 20 Dollars!"
76561198117752036,Not Recommended,270850,11266074,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,RKMotorsports,It was very lagy and did not work correctly.
76561198001848085,Recommended,270850,11267493,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,MGySgtAFawkes,"I enjoyed this game throughly, though it did seem to get a bit easy near the end. It really isn't a sim its more like a puzzle game involving cars, yeah have the process of taking bits off in the correct order but its more here's my problem please fix it. I did a few times put in enough in game money, to repair thier car, to place a down payment on a new car for the client but its was all in good fun. I wish it was a bit more complex with more engine configurations and cars in general, but overall I had a blast with this game. I do automotive work on my friends cars for food and this was a very similar albiet simplified experience, but it gives you an idea. I would recomend it for you to get your mind in a problem solving state, and just enjoy something that for the most part is a bit expensive in real life."
76561198110860919,Recommended,270850,11928430,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TofuDeliveryBoy,"A Really Fun game for me. If you are into cars like me, You should get it! Its only my opionion, So if this doesn't help, Sorry for that! But anyways as i said you should get it if you really into cars like me."
76561198010019915,Recommended,270850,11928705,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Malhan,add H2 plz :)
76561198005442656,Not Recommended,270850,11972876,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Sgt. Frank Drebin,Hard to navigate. Terrible interface and movement. Not a good experience for what is a good idea.
76561198089696679,Recommended,270850,11916424,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,General stricken78 [STF],"Most in depth game ever, very useful information and gets you to really think."
76561198125955976,Recommended,270850,11953998,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,RDkemp115,Car mechanic simulator is a really good game. It's not really realstic when it comes to repairingcars but it is a really good game for simulating car reapir. I would recommend this to anyone wha]o has not played it.
,Recommended,270850,11954364,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Karbuster,"Car Mechanic Simulator is a calming, easy to play game for your car buffs but you can learn a litlle bit here and there (would not recommend as learning tool...yet) its still in development so the remainder of my review will wait..."
76561198150766861,Not Recommended,270850,12080158,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,dodgeman0111,"the game is ok, but you cant customize the cars which i think is pointless, if they would make a update that let you customize the cars it would be a fun game."
,Recommended,270850,9621850,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Relativity375™,"I feel like I'm playing the unofficial game of Wheeler Dealers, the famous show on Discovery Channel!"
,Recommended,270850,9624814,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Trim,"For how basic it is, it's actually kind of fun, even for someone like me who knows nothing about cars. I'm actually learning where some stuff is. LoL"
,Recommended,270850,9636306,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,THELASTMASTER,It is a fun game if you have time and like cars
76561198005377900,Recommended,270850,9630588,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Inferno,"Great game, very fun. Even if you don't know heaps about cars!"
,Recommended,270850,17022387,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Coola Lime,Not 100% accurate but still an amazing game. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,270850,16162962,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Flash Gordon!,DEEZ NUTS!
76561197996331443,Recommended,270850,16580954,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,johnny,"Ok game for those who want to learn about fixing cars.But its a little boring after some time, i dont know mabe the Car Mechanic sim 2015 is better!"
,Recommended,270850,16586252,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,captfrosty,"A fun ""simulator"" for gear heads, and non gear heads alike. Well worth the $5 price tag. My only complaints are the lack of condition information on Used parts, no real guidance on some repairs that I can't figure out on my own. I'm not a car mechanic, so sometimes I don't know where to look for some parts. Just a guide saying ""part x is located in the rear"" etc... Also, the controls are awful, and extremely touchy. For less than the price of lunch, its well worth the $5. I wouldn't have bought it at the full price."
76561198035740130,Recommended,270850,16776808,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Spoonheed,"Surprisingly addictive. If you're a fan of simulator games this will keep you occupied for a good few hours, even if like me you're not that interested in cars. The 1/4 Mile addon is better than the career mode until you work out that you can %%%REDACTED%%% between missions."
76561198079009904,Not Recommended,270850,16670179,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Darth Yoda,"Don't pay full priceCalling it a simulator is bit of a stretch.Game looks okish, is very repetitive and quite simple"
,Not Recommended,270850,16672288,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AntiThesis,"I bought this game a while back and in that time I have become a qualifed mechanic, and have come to realize that this game is not very accurate at all, for example, if you wanted to pull a gearbox, it takes at least a day, and there are a million wires and bolts and issues that have to resolved before you can evan think about taking the bolts offHowever, for a puzzle game it isnt bad, it was quite fun, and it became quite challenging in the higher levels,but i cannot recomend this game, it would only run on the lowest settings despite my pc being above the best requirements, and the mouse dragged all the time, and road testing was a joke!if you want to get mech simulator, dont get this one, get 2015, hopefully its a bit better"
76561198096963374,Not Recommended,270850,16713954,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Captain Beetroot,"I couldn't help but have a crack at this since I am myself, a qualified mechanic....Yes its a well thought out puzzle game but I got quickly bored as it is repetative.the general idea is there but it's no where close to a simulator.Take the whole exhaust off to do a manifold? give me a break....if you dont know anything about cars it may be a good game and even show you some awfully basic car parts...if you are like me... this game kinda makes your brain hurt.3/10."
,Recommended,270850,16704584,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Killer Potato,"Cool Game for us, Big Like for the developers"
76561197985477382,Recommended,270850,16770883,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DeadMeat,"Little tricky to learn at first, and some of the repair costs are crazy, but very addicting little game so far.I've enjoyed it & would reccomend."
76561197991130013,Recommended,270850,16908661,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Batchman,"I did enjoy the game.Howewer, it lacks variety, depth, holds your hand bit too much. In latter stages you just steamroll through orders like minute or two, unless you have to break whole car appart, even then. Also camera is terrible (fuel pump?).Great starter for Car Mechanic franchise.During sale its a decent buy. Otherwise grab newer versions."
76561198126939378,Recommended,270850,16949741,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"it's surprisingly fun, but exactly what it says on the package.get ready to repair cars, in your free time."
76561198125093421,Recommended,270850,9832144,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Organic Coke,I really like it and it made me learn some stuff about cars.
76561198073951361,Recommended,270850,17362327,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,La Maquina,8.5/10 fun.
76561198152198053,Recommended,270850,18763495,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jadehammond,"cool game, on a difficult level though"
,Recommended,270850,18435068,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ratrap,Perfect if you dont know mechanics. But if you're a real mechanics you'll be like WTF.
,Recommended,270850,18305484,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,fat_birb_,i like it but you get free DLC's1.buyed game.2.fix cars.3.fixed morrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeee cars.4.ffffffffiiiiiiiiiiixxxxxxxxxxxxeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddd mmmmmmmmmmmoooooooorrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeee ccccccccaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrsssssssss.5.stopped playing it.6.play in 2015 free DLC's.7.lagged out.
76561198080898804,Recommended,270850,18414570,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Acnologia,"Played this game for a little while,i am now capable of owning my own garage"
,Recommended,270850,18711708,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,GadMiuM,good
,Recommended,270850,18223360,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Razonix,"Well, to be quite honest, I don't really know how realistic this game actually is, besides also having this limit of possibilities provided. Regardless, it's an extremely fun experience that combines not only the feeling of working as a mechanic, but also of being an entrepreneur, managing your business (and also learning a thing or two about cars). Throughout the career mode you may unlock different features and also improve your skills in order to become more efficient, or simply finding other means to increase your incoming. Although the in-game radio idea is interesting, it'd be much better if it'd be similar to the 'Euro Truck Simulator 2', where you can actually listen to real stations. Besides that, there're a few missions that can be really annoying, especially when it comes to detect some really small parts, or those that may be hidden in this place which requires you to remove a whole lot of parts just to get there. Since there's no time limit, the game is quite casual so you can have fun with it without any kind of pressure. Overall, I surely recommend it to anyone."
76561198099851171,Recommended,270850,9011011,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,matthewdarlington66,Iits amazing game.
,Not Recommended,270850,8912519,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,VitriolicShampoo,"This simulator sits on an odd waypoint; likely too difficult for those who know nothing about cars, but too easy for those who do. As a result the game quickly becomes a tedious follow through of removing bolts in to replace certain parts. The only real difficulty lies in establishing what the customer actually wants done sometimes.If you're looking for an updated version of Gearheads Garage, this aint it, thats for sure. The game could have done with perhaps trying to be more educational if they were targeting the non-mechanically minded. For example, instead of having someone remove a trailing rod, it'd have been clever to have a brief description available as to what this part does, symptoms of when its gone wrong and so on.As it stands, the cars all look the same, you're limited to just how much actual work you can do on a car and it lacks the realism of your typical garage in that you can't half♥♥♥♥♥a job then overcharge the customer."
76561198071840849,Recommended,270850,9109480,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zano,Where is the carburetor? How does it carburete?
,Recommended,270850,9110771,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ghstlock,"A lot of different reviews have come up about this game. Some have been quite negative, based on some of the limited functionality one can do when repairing a car, while the majority of them have been really positive. Personally this has been a really exciting game to play. Yes there are some limitations on what you can repair (e.g. disassemble of the engine block), but for someone that has limited knowledge of an engine, this would be chanellaging.Really looking forward to what is being developed for the future. 10 / 10"
,Recommended,270850,9110956,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,MrCheeseman,Good game! :)
,Recommended,270850,9111093,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Banana Man,"This game is a lot of fun, and very detailed. you do need to know some general things about cars in order to be succesful, but that is easily fixed by watching some short gameplay videos."
,Recommended,270850,8919797,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,BurgerDeeL,"To use the word simulator for this game is spot on.  There are no hints to tell you where the parts are, as you should know if you are a car junky!You can test drive the cars and the spacebar is an unlisted button that you can use to use the handbrake of the car during test drives.A must have for car lovers.Bad points:- The camera view controls are a bit tricky, not only you must rotate them but you should click on the part you want to focus on while you rotate.- Adding on, big/long parts like the exhaust will center on itself even when you are unbolting the bolts at the end, so the camera will not focus on the bolts and it can get out of view..- I do wish there were bikes too..- There should be opening hours, so that there is a better and more realistic feel of a workshop./"
76561198060082762,Recommended,270850,8920890,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Corpral_Gh0sT,Great game for the car community
,Not Recommended,270850,8922367,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Gamrin,"A game that tries very hard to be the next gearhead garage, but fails to notice; people don't want to be limited in their exploration of these magnifique machines. Sure, it's cool for the first two missions that you have to walk to the correct wheel to get the wheel off. But this charm gets lost after minutes of gameplay.Big improvement suggestion: Get rid of screw-turning time all-together. You could better call this: bolt-turning simulator. Even with the level 10 upgrade, it takes AGES to take off a wheel. And there's no drill you can use to make it easier, everything by hand."
76561198069049840,Recommended,270850,8871342,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,dannyswboi,"im mixed between like or not...graphics are pretty cool, game play is okbut it can be quite tricky and take some time getting into.fustratingly goodwould be alot nicer if it was like gearhead garage. ie, buy a car from scrap yard and customize it :) maybe dlc in near future?"
76561198053881370,Recommended,270850,9016856,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Sam,it a rilly cool game it just needs more and different cars:)
,Recommended,270850,9815740,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Faawks,"This is farrrrrr from a 'Simulator', it's more of a puzzle game.Find the fault based on a what the game tells you.Is it bad? No, just don't expect to be doing any actual work on cars, it's all 'remove and replace'.My advice would be to wait for a discount before buying it."
,Recommended,270850,9717208,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,LIZERRD,"I love this game, it's a great way of getting father and son to work together. im also glad that you get to test drive the vehicle after or before reparing it. if i was to decide would i give this game 8 out of 10. smily"
,Recommended,270850,9734809,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nolander,"I'm on the border of recommend/not recommend for this game.This game is made only for a very select group - one that wants to learn all of the basic mechanical components of a vehicle, and to learn associated problems with parts.If you don't enjoy taking things apart, sometimes painstakingly, you won't enjoy this game. The jobs range from really easy to complex. Sometimes you have to take apart 5 parts just to get to one.For those that do enjoy the reconstruction aspects, it's a lot of fun. There are still a few flaws, IMO. One annoying thing is trying to figure out which side of the vehicle to approach a problem. Do I raise the car, or fix it from the hood? This can be annoying trying to figure out from which angle the game wants you to remove parts. Another annoying aspect is camera movement. There aren't enough variables to really move the point of view to where you want it. This makes things unnecessarily frustrating.Still, I recommend this game becaue it's a concept that's new, using a video game to actually learn car mechanics realistically! They could one day develop this more into becoming a full training tool for those of us unfortunate enough to not have a garage :-("
76561198132093503,Recommended,270850,9739320,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,SpleenaGoat7725,HOLY COW JUICE THIS GAME IS GREAT I MEAN IT MADE ME ♥♥♥♥ LUGNUTS FOR A WEEK!!!
76561198013964202,Recommended,270850,9740981,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Drunktrooper,best game ever
,Recommended,270850,9837175,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,WoodlandFrosty,Love it dont play it often just when im bored and i want to have fun!
,Recommended,270850,8865078,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MiisTaH_GoMeS_x,"this game is super cool! i've always loved cars, but i didn't really know a lot about the inside of them. this is actually helpful and i love it"
,Recommended,270850,8865098,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sporkmonger,"You know, it's an interesting game. I didn't have a clue where any given part was in a car before I played this, definitely learned something, but I suspect if you're a car person, this will have a severe lack of authenticity. The game also gets a bit tedious after you complete the first garage, and there's no long-term replay value. You get everything you're going to get out of the game in a day. That said, I don't usually learn much in a game and I did here. I'd say worth it if it's on sale and you don't know anything about cars but you'd like to learn how to maybe change your oil."
76561198049848778,Recommended,270850,10213483,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,dadude1425,"I could waste my time saying what everyone else has, but I'll condense it. I'm a huge gearhead, and I like the game. A lot of things are a wee bit inaccurate, but it isn't too distracting most of the time. If you love working on cars and/or have a decent understanding of most car parts and how they work, this is your game. If not, it isn't and you can give this one a pass. It's a bit of a grind with no real story or even point at this time. Just a fun little way to simulate working on a car if you have an itch to do so. Is it worth the $20? Only if you're a car guy/girl begging to work on a vehicle like me."
,Recommended,270850,10216947,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Spooky-cornhub.com.,"I first saw Sips play this game on youtube, so i thaught this game looks pretty damn good. so I got it. The graphics are alright and i love how youu can test drive the cars.Big Con:There is one part i cannot disasemble and it has stopped me from furthering my career in car mechanic simulator. The part is the power steering part.But it is a good game and i hope the simulator people will fix it"
76561198053217002,Recommended,270850,9307243,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,PuzzelX,"I enjoy playing this game, especially with my 4 year old son.  He loves looking for the ""broken"" parts.  This game has elements of an old DOS game, Hot Rod, which I played for hours and hours.  No, it is not an exact simulation of being a mechanic, but that's not what I expected or wanted.  Instead, it is an excellent diversion where I can pretend to be a mechanic, without getting my hands dirty.Update.  My 4 year old son and I still really enjoy playing this game, especially the new 4x4 add-on.  The new car model and parts are fantastic!"
76561198079202894,Recommended,270850,10217815,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Grizzly Summoner,"THIS GAME REALLY HELPS IN REAL LIFE!!!I was a mechanic on jets in the military, so I have a fairly good grasp on tools and how combustion engines work. However, I was at a loss for the finer components in cars (suspension, belts, transmission).After reading each scenario in the career mode and troubleshooting the problems, I have found myself predicting the most common issues with a car. For example: [Engine turns off on occasion] I start with fuel filter/pump, then spark plugs/wires/module, and if all that is fine I check the alternator and belts. Ocassionaly it will be the oil but I tend to check that first everytime just like real life.If this game can give me a heads up on why these situations happen especially with more complex matters involving suspensions and transmissions, I am one step closer to fixing my car in real life!"
,Recommended,270850,10927929,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dropout Gamer (Jacob),"Didn't expect much from this game at first and bought with the summer sale.  That being said I have enjoyed playing it while I work.  It does not have a lot of indepth gameplay.  I find it relaxing and more of a puzzle game than anything.  They're on the right track, reminds me of Farming Simulator.  I look foward to more development with future titles if they are able to make them.  At the moment I recommend buying the game if you can get it on sale. It is not worth spending over $10 bucks on it. But will fill your time nicely if you are looking for a change in your normal genre."
,Recommended,270850,10928021,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Teraphina,"Fun game, few diferences from real mechanic work but hey fun over all"
,Recommended,270850,29543182,Posted: 28 January,all,theDanijel,"Very good game, teaches you the basics of how a car should work, but in this version not a lot of different cars and cases. Overall a good game :)"
76561198138225273,Recommended,270850,17208566,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,HAMMBONE18,"I dont have a setence to start this review but, when I saw videos of car mechanic simulator 2014 I was appauled by the best in game graphics since battlefield 4 first came out to PC. I myself call myself a ""car guy"" and when I saw thing game it called to me and I emediatly wanted to buy it and play it. So, my review is that this game gets two thumbs up and I give a big high five to the makers that brought us Car Mechanic Simulator 2014."
,Recommended,270850,17048371,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,RaZ_HU,"This one is really good, I don't had any problem with the game."
,Recommended,270850,17067660,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Nizero,Took me 45 minutes to find the fuel filter11/10 would find again
,Not Recommended,270850,16515521,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Truron,"The tutorial leaves a lot to be desired. After messing around for about half an hour, I was still not able to figure out how to do simple tasks like replacing a tire. After figuring that out via other sources, I found that the game was really repetitive after the first few cars. I'm glad I paid 99 cents on this during the summer sale or I'd be really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198103888300,Recommended,270850,16973984,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,olli_2,great game. I've got lots of hours in the game now and are not tired of it yet
,Recommended,270850,17503377,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,RyanTheHobbit,"I would reccomend this game, just because of how accurate it is. great graphics and good physics while test driving cars"
,Recommended,270850,17953096,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,andrewreuter,"A guy asked me to replace his brakepads, so I stole all of the parts from his car, sold them, and bought used ones that were cheaper. 10/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,270850,8950405,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[TUXEDO] MoD,"If you can live with having to take the front wheels off endless amount of times and have a basic knowledge of car mechanics, this game is pretty enjoyable. A shame there's no real option to alter the soundtrack beyond dubstep, quiet dubstep and off but I can live with that. The camera is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ish, but the sound effects are spot on and add to the atmosphere of being in a garage.If you don't have much in the way of car knowledge, you might struggle for a while to diagnose the various issues on the car; but that's nothing that can't be sorted with a test drive, trial and error when stripping the car down and as a last resort, Google. Don't let not knowing the difference between a sump plug and a rubber bushing stop you from getting into what is a very pretty game with a solid idea behind it.I'd say the asking price is about right, don't expect this game to last you forever and don't expect too much of it. But for what it is, you get a decent amount of game :)"
,Recommended,270850,8950430,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,GroovyAwesomeness,This is actually a pretty good simulation game. Most i've looked at or watched people play are ridiculous and cheap looking. But this is brilliant. I say 9/10. Period.
76561197970655913,Recommended,270850,8885825,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,jztemple,"This is a interesting game. It's not a shooter, a racer, a builder, a platform jumper. Instead, you repair cars. The game genre can be considered in the puzzle catagory, although these are not mind-bendingly difficult puzzles. It definitely would help if you know something about the inner workings of a car, however this isn't really necessary as it's possible to figure things out as you go along.The game consists of a number of scenarios or missions; in this game they are called ""orders"". You receive an order to fix a problem on a car. The description given to you may not be completely comprehensive or even clear; that is part of the puzzle. Your challenge is to diagnose the problem and figure out how to fix it. The graphical interface the player uses is mouse driven and is fairly straightforward and obvious. There are some peculiarities with the camera control; the camera is focused on an object and the player has to click on another object to move the focus. It's not really very difficult and most folks will figure out quickly and intuitively how to move the camera to the best position.There are a few minor bugs but the developer Red Dot has been very supportive in providing updates quickly; about a half dozen in the first three days the game has been available. There have been several fixes, but also some user enhancements and other tweaks to improve gameplay. This is most commendable compared to some other developers that push a game out the door and then disappear. It is hoped that Red Dot continues this excellent support and responsiveness.The game, not withstanding the few bugs, is in excellent shape. Few crashes have been reported and I don't believe I have seen a single mention of issues with different Windows versions. No guarantees are intended, just my opinion based on observation. Your experience may differ. The game, for being fairly simple in presentation, is graphically very nice. The videos and screenshots don't really capture how pretty the game is. Be sure to verify that your video card is up to the specs listed on the Store page. Having a video card myself that is on the lower end of the spec range, I am pleased that even though I have had to turn down all the video settings in the game to their minimums, the game still looks very nice and there is no detriment whatsoever in the gameplay.Another plus for this game is that it is something that adults can play with children; there is nothing shocking or disruptive and since almost the entire game is presented in visual rather than textual format, it would be easy for children to enjoy.This game is NOT recommended for those seeking a deeper, complex challenge. Those folks would probably find themselves bored and frustrated. Also, this game involves some amount of simple repetition; many of the ""orders"" (missions) involve removing and reinstalling the same parts the player has removed and reinstalled in other, previous missions. Some might find this aspects offputting, but for others this will be rather theraputic; there is a certain relaxation and comfort in the familiar.Overall I would recommend this game to others, with the caveat mentioned in the above paragraph about the difficulty of the challenge. I would compare this game to Euro Truck Simulator 2 or Farming Simulator 2013; it is not difficult to play, but can be rewarding, satifying and relaxing. And the price is very reasonable as well."
,Recommended,270850,8859861,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,JD,i get high and fix cars ya mean? i do it for the love not the money.
76561198072841564,Recommended,270850,8887010,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,bangerbanger123456,Its an ok game it only released on 24th jan this year and is still having items worked on to add in game by means of updates and its nice to sometimes slow down and play games of this pace if like me you also play FPS games all in all i would recommend it =)
76561198068644171,Recommended,270850,8887123,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MarfeeCZE,"It´s a beatiful game. Great idea, but... After some hours of playing this game it is stall the same. Only descriptions of defects are different - this is nice. But the solutions are the same and still repeat. You can try add some part or wire connection. For example corect the body of the car after some accident.Types of car are amazingly textured. But there are a few types of cars. You can try add some ""old"" car without to much of electronics like VW Golf I, or some bigger van like Ford Transit, or just add more types of car... After I repaired about 70 cars, I started to be bored a that´s a shane, otherwise it´s a very nice game...The next is a garrage... Maybe it would be nice, if you can buy some equipment separately. Or if you can start the car, and see some blinking lights on dashboard... But maybe is this too much, but try it a little better... :)"
,Recommended,270850,8889460,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ChoWZa,"I like it for $15 but the game feels a bit rushed in development.For instance when someone brings a car in that has a leak, you can't ask what color the leaked fluid is.The grammar in the repair notes is really bad.A lot of the times the notes are so vague that you have to disassemble the entire car to find the problem.That being said I didn't really know anything about what goes on under the hood and this did help me a lot, I wish they'd spent more time on it and made it more realistic."
76561198097886122,Recommended,270850,9837636,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,HOLY,i have really bad fram rate while playing this game for some reason.  i think it is the game because my computer works great with other steam games.  also i dont know how to fix the issues becuase there is no eal options menu for fixing it.  Besides that i love the game and i want to play more one they fix the fps issues
,Recommended,270850,9837975,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Aheleas,"Cool Sim, it's a good way to learn the basics about how a car is repaired. They should have this Sim in schools to give young kids a taste of mechanics, surprisingly I do not have to look up where the parts are... I seem to be able to find them on my own, makes me think I should have been a mechanic.It's an enjoyable learning tool IMO."
76561198060117212,Recommended,270850,9840469,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Sgt. Sillypants,See this game. See your money. Propell that money at this game. You will be happy.
,Not Recommended,270850,9840953,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,兰博基尼 murciélago lp-640,when u first play this game.U feel funny.but when u playtime over 10hours.i'm afraid u will feel boring to that.cuz seriously like the puzzle game.
,Recommended,270850,9884013,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Melon,Although its gets a bit repetitive if you like cars or just simply want to learn about how cars work etc this is the perfect game for you. Completion is roughly 12-13 Hours depending on your skill with cars. 9/10
76561198087184037,Recommended,270850,9965823,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,DuoTone™,Yes the new Add On is Available!
76561198022300353,Not Recommended,270850,10081541,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Fat Mother,"I would not describe it as a simulator. Is in very amateur level still. If you looking for just a game to enjoy your time then is fun, kinda boring though. But if you expecting a simulator with a lot of detail, etc, then is a ""No"" from me. Has potential though."
,Recommended,270850,13169866,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Barbus loves the ( . Y . ),"Realy good game! Realy in-depth about car mechanics and engineering, Dont like car games but looks interesting? Well give it a try! Im not a big car phanatic myself but this was realy fun!Over all game 6/10"
76561197970885662,Recommended,270850,13505702,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rusty_S,"The first game like this I ever played was Gear Head Garage put out by Snap-On.  The game was crude but had a huge mod group where people made real cars for the game to fix up and sell.That game prompted me to purchase this game and I have to say as a real auto/truck tech the game is very much like real life.  Every symptom I have seen from the customer was correct to the causes.How ever there is one thing that really bugs me.  The game requires removal of items to get to another item that you really dont have to do in real life.  Example is there was one job that required the replacement of the exhaust manifold.  To do this you have to remove the rear muffler, the rear exhaust pipe, the middle muffler, the middle exhaust pipe, the catalytic converter, and the forward exhaust pipe before you can remove the exhaust manifold.When I have had to do this at work I have never removed the whole exhaust system, I have always broke the exhaust loose at the manifold to header pipe connection and then removed the manifold.This is where this game in my opinion could be improved on is allowing the items to be removed without having to remove the whole system when it is not required.  Its like removal of the front strut you have to take the sway bar end link off first.  Well I dont remove them I remove the end that is attached to the strut and then remove the strut.  Like wise in the game the strut only has four bolts holding it to the spindle arm when in reality its two bolts with another three to six bolts holding it to the unibody at the top of the strut.While these complaints are minor and do not effect the game itself I still recommend the game for those that want to experience real diaganostics and troubleshooting of vehicle problems."
,Recommended,270850,13578472,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CPRTuning,Niche market little game.Fun if you like fixing cars and taking stuff apart!Not fun if you like driving cars and not taking stuff apart
76561198125477823,Recommended,270850,9030743,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Magic957,"Good game 7/10It's a fun game to play but does need a little more added to it to make it feel more like a simulator, I'm hoping they add more soon."
76561198034550764,Recommended,270850,13704395,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[SU]GUEST_BBOY,good game and the turbo dlc?
76561198043222978,Recommended,270850,13728144,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sgttruebuck,this game is awesome in my opinion it'll teach you a little bit you dont know but most of it you should already know
,Recommended,270850,13732196,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,thatdamnmel,"Well..... Overall this is a decent game, I have really enjoyed playing this Simulator and will continue to do so. Although there are a few car problems where the process to repair them is not quite acurate. 9/10"
76561198160153292,Recommended,270850,13733552,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,poof187,Awesome game for any mechanic that just loves to work on vehicals from 4x4's to drag cars
,Not Recommended,270850,13716774,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,fungir,"The single best thing about this game is it seemed stable. With two different engines, f/r/4wd and everything else about the cars identical it gets boring quite fast. 1/4mile addon is worth nothing, there are better *mobile* games about drag racing."
76561198093949196,Recommended,270850,13564346,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mgrknine,i dont know much about cars which is the reason why i got this i like how close in detail it is to real cars however wish i can pick new cars even if its me buying extra spots for cars it be very cool if they did something like that but make it where its like the real cars even it would me very usefull to people restoring cars and good money to be made in my opinion
76561197992396762,Recommended,270850,13597558,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Shaunas,Brilliant game! Also the little knowledge i do have on cars is very handy but anyone could pick it up.
,Not Recommended,270850,13602115,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,=LG= Devil,Mechanic Simulator is about as close to simulating a mechanic as Goat Simulator is at making you a goat.  You're forced to use WASD and mouse look instead of right-click and drag to move your view.  It's archaic and cumberome to use.  There are some very big issues with the interface and movement of this game let alone the gameplay.  One of the first jobs includes a fuel filter replacement but there's no indication where it is because there are no fuel lines or evap lines leading you to it.  You're left searching with a horrible 3D view panel for a little box where no fuel goes.  This game is nothing like working on a real car.  If you've ever worked on a car and know what you are doing then this game is definitely not for you.  It has great potential to be a mechanic simulator but it needs a ton more work especially on the way you look around and select things.  Is it worth $5?  Barely.  I'd think $3 would be a fair price for a game that feels like it should still be in alpha development.
,Recommended,270850,13583116,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MilesofSolace,I'm not car savy.. but I feel confident in running my shop on this game and making profit. Very interesting game.
76561198049998226,Recommended,270850,13583503,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,B14cx0ut,"ASE Master Tech here...I bought this because it was steeply discounted, and I have to say, l am pleasantly suprised.  I'm not going to keep playing because I can play work in other, more fun ways.  However, this is pretty accurate when it comes to inspecting parts and then having to replace said part.My first 2 jobs in-game consisted of a brake job and then front end noise. This was spot on, due to it just being inspecting and slapping parts on.As far as covering engine drivability issues, I possibly haven't put enough time in to experience it, but it also isn't something that would appear to be possible with the given parameters of the simulation.What you really don't experience is the feel of actually replacing parts, and the headaches that come along with it.  However, I can see myself as using this as a beginner tool to teach my boy and daughter the basics of car maintenance and repair.I learned more from this than I did in quite a few classes at UTI(car school)."
,Recommended,270850,13584938,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,neddread,"What you see is what you get.Diagnose problems, take cars apart, fix and replace parts. Nice 3D models to gawp at and as a novice with cars it has been an actual learning process.Sure it's a one trick pony, but it does the trick just fine.Replayability isn't on the cards me thinks, but there is a later game mode that keeps giving you repair orders forever.It's the kind of game you load up for a quick diversion before you launch back into Skyrim.7/10 Come on nerds, you know you want some."
,Recommended,270850,13579978,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,vetsku o/,One of the best games i've ever played!
,Recommended,270850,13577368,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,HeaTz,"Inspired me to repair my car, 2 days after, how the ♥♥♥♥ do i put all this together?!"
,Recommended,270850,13576695,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Minimal,"This is a good way to learn about cars. No its not the best way to learn, but if you know absolutly nothing, this is a good place to start.This is also a good way to spend time with your mechanic dad. Dad and I spent about an hour talking about how things work. Cool stuff."
76561198063108786,Recommended,270850,13578671,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,griffo20022,Personally I rate this!Reminds me of Gearhead Garage I used to play back in the day! May not be quite in depth enough for the hardcore petrol head (I myself would LOVE to be able to do the likes of engine rebuilds etc :) ) But non the less a very cool game indeed and educational! :) A definite bargain during this Christmas sale! :)
,Recommended,270850,13579759,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LukeE94,"Ruddy marvellous- a breath of fresh air, providing a fun and enjoyable experience amidst learning a skillset transferrable to the real world! save yourself a small fortune on car maintenance by learning how to do it yourself!"
76561198074604279,Recommended,270850,14502754,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,JLongo243,"great concept, definately a cool game if you want to learn about cars and their engines. for such a simple game it requires a pretty advanced computer. Works fine on my gaming desktop, terrible on my laptop. overall fun game, would definately recommend"
76561198087379147,Recommended,270850,14631039,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Baku10maku,Its good time burner...music sucks though
76561197999108995,Recommended,270850,14613522,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Drakeema,"The best(and only) simulator worth ""playing"" that I've seen so far! Goats..? No thank-you!Exciting background music(if you want it), plenty of variety regarding mechanical problems needing fixed, no help from anyone but yourself to fix things, cool garages and a test-drive lot. Camera/movement/interaction controls could be a little better/easier, and I wish there was more information about how & why to fix things, but overall these things do not detract from the experience/fun.A very fun way to jump in and get your head into basic auto mechanics. This is a solid ""game"", and I can't wait to see how far they will go with Car Mechanic Simulator 2015(and beyond)! :) GO SUPPORT THE KICKSTARTER - CAR MECHANIC SIMULATOR 2015!!!10/10 - Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,270850,8868742,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Dredd,"If you've ever played ""Gearhead Garage"" before, this is for you."
,Recommended,270850,8868882,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,J0kk3 - 尤克,Great fun! Requires some basic knowledge of the car because theres no guides on where certain parts are found.
76561198029799011,Recommended,270850,8869144,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DrivingABus,"The game is nice, but they really need to add more detailed work on the car. It becomes really similar after 20 cars. Different types of parts would be welcomed and also it would be much more interesting if we had a chance to tinker engine, gearbox and body.Not the best experience for many people, but I mainly enjoyed the game. 6/10"
76561197960480815,Not Recommended,270850,8870568,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Morotstomten,"very unimpressive, i stay away from most simulator games cause more often than not they fail to provide you with a reason to play longer than 15min, i should have stayed away from this one too, i expected to work on a variety of cars not just 2-3(4?) brand spanking new cars in different colors, i dont understand the reason for the test course, it doesent matter if you take a car thats down to 30% condition on everything or one thats tip top, it runs equally crappy(first time i tested that luxury sedan i thought i was driving my old nissan cherry 1L on 2 cylinders again). i had hoped to see classic cars too, work inside the engine and gearbox, this is just a plain joke, what you do here is mostly what the average person can do on his own. camera sensitivity is horrible, maybe you can change it in a config file but not adding in the option was plain lazy. the way the camera snaps back and forth when you interact with parts is especially annoying, why no just let people zoom in as much as they want and leave them alone? there is more id like to complain about but likely noone wants to read this much as it is."
,Recommended,270850,8870819,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,3.14pac,EPIC
,Recommended,270850,8870972,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Ｉｎｏｒｉｅｎ,Spent 30 minutes trying to find a bloody fuel filter while dismantling the entire vehicle then got confused and crashed a car but it was ok afterwards help me i know nothing about cars 11/10 would get lost in again
,Recommended,270850,8851880,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[ASP]ErikPrince,This game is pretty fun.  I've had a very basic interest in the inner workings of a vehicle and BAM this game is here.  I'm only on job #9 but I can say this is one of the most fun sims I've played.
76561197982984999,Recommended,270850,8855838,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,last_ninja,Fun at first but all the cars and all the parts are the same so it gets old very quickly
,Recommended,270850,15938416,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DaBossGaming,"This game is great. I mean, there's so many things to do. 2 thumbs up!"
,Recommended,270850,15834002,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,๋,i learn a lot
,Recommended,270850,15795708,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,H3LLR41S3R,Fun and simple... great product from a kickstarter project!!
76561198104645900,Recommended,270850,15918476,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,StrictlyStraightSix,A very good game to just burn your time when you are bored. It can educate you on the basics of engine and how they work.
76561198135171325,Recommended,270850,15848758,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Angelknivz,fun
76561197970928460,Not Recommended,270850,15873514,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Longfellow,"Hmmm. Interesting idea and potentially a useful educational tool. But as a game it's not fun. And even as education it's lacking. The controls are woeful, with mouse sensitivity varying wildly from task to task. The loading times are prehistoric. Some tweaks and I'd at least spend enough time on it to really make a judgement. As it is it's too much of a chore."
76561197974663725,Recommended,270850,15654966,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Black Jack,meh
,Not Recommended,270850,14120813,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,10acyankee,I have worked on my own cars and see no point let alone any sense in playing this .You get the service order and it says please find the bad parts and replace but it already has a dollar amount so the part is already found.Sorry devs but I think you lost the reason for making this but kept on anyway
,Recommended,270850,14107022,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Captain Bizarro Murphy,"It's good, but only if you really enjoy cars. You won't learn how to fix your car, but you can learn about parts, it's kind of like a puzzle game. Graphics are hit or miss, kinda buggy at times.The dub-drum-n-bass gets annoying after a while.7/10"
,Recommended,270850,14371242,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Jet Riza,This game is addicting. very well made. it may not be a super sim game but it get novice car lovers into the game and judging b y the 2015 version they will expand on alot of things.
76561197989574124,Recommended,270850,14349039,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Panic77,"I came to the game not looking for an exact mechanic representation, but rather a Guitar Hero level of abstraction that would let me get more familiar with car parts. I feel this game does a great job of that. There is no time limit to complete the repairs, so it ends up feeling more zen than game, which I like.I think there is room for iteration in adding more business and customer interaction elements, but for the sale price I got this for, I feel it was well worth the 10+ hours I have put into it before it started to get a little tedious."
,Recommended,270850,14349746,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Wif,"THE GOOD: Reasonably accurate car anatomy, varied missions, minor management (focus is on the car)THE BAD: If you don't know roughly where to look for some things, you may struggle.If you have a remote interest in cars, and want to learn a little more this game is great.  If you want to manage a business, this isn't quite it.  Most of it is pulling cars apart an reassembling while doing some minor money management."
76561198020129019,Recommended,270850,14413257,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Foxy Utters,Will fix your irl car for $100 bucks.
76561198176846433,Recommended,270850,14390839,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,mannins79,The game doesn't work on my macbook pro! The pointer (arrow) is so slow and sluggish that it's impossible to play. It's even difficult to get out of the game.If you have a macbook pro don't waste your money. It's a real shame: such nice game hasn't been developped enough to work on Mac.... I have lost £5...
76561197990653331,Recommended,270850,14486586,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,grantk9,"I like it, I used to play a game years ago put out by snap-on tools that was just like this.Hard to get at the components, you have to get under the car to replace parts that are clearly on top.Very euro based as well, the basic components of a North American vehicle are non existant but it is still kinda fun."
76561198019381158,Recommended,270850,14523819,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,BoxerBlake,"I don't know why I enjoy this game, but I do and can play for long periods of time.The problem is that it is so bugged and the developers haven't addressed the numerous problems. They include being able to complete an order with damaged (red) parts still there, not being able to complete an order even though all red parts have been replaced, and little things here and there. I don't think the devs care about problems, or proper bug testing. Rushed game. I recommend it, only because it's fun when it works."
,Recommended,270850,14579087,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jyn Erso,When you beat the game you get a dad card
76561198116646105,Recommended,270850,14497952,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Eslf BR,Simply a very fun game to pass on time!
76561197976697387,Recommended,270850,15423798,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,FrostyXtreme,Very fun game highly recommend if you like fixing cars and learning a thing or to
76561198202668921,Recommended,270850,16614805,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JetPower15,Best game ever !!
76561197974773679,Recommended,270850,11681420,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Allahs Pilot,GEAR HEAD GARAGE IS BACK
,Recommended,270850,11154260,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Keith,"Surprisingly fun!It's great learning where parts are and a watered-down version of how to repair or maintain a car. Of course it's not hyper-realistic; get a Haynes manual and a beater if you want that. It's fun seeing the invoice ""I hear a weird sound the faster I go and my dashboard is dim"" and knowing it's the alternator and knowing how to swap it out.The economic aspect is fun, too. Save some money by buying used parts and repairing, or repairing the existing part directly. Invest in ""management"" to get a % ROI on future invoices.The test drive feature is really nice but a bit shallow. You're really kind of forced to do it sometimes and it's really hard to divine anything from the driving experience. It'll usually just reveal the problem parts after via color so it makes me wonder.. why even do the test drive? Some more obvious feedback (loud knocking, un-steerable car, etc) would make it more valuable.The production value is nice, and it almost feels like a NEED FOR SPEED: UNDERCARRIAGE at some parts. The music is surprisingly good too.The 4x4 DLC was a nice surprise. I'm looking forward to the ""Turbo"" DLC, too. I'd love to see the process of taking a NA car to a FI car. I hope to see (and would happily pay for) more extreme modifications like engine swaps, drive train swaps, RHD to LHD swaps, maybe import to domestic swaps (bumpers / headlights / engine), to even something like buying beaters, fixing them up, and selling them on your lot, or something. LOTs of room for expansion into a genre-leading game, and a great start so far.I picked this up in a weekly deal for 7$ and really happy for this at this price. I also haven't finished the game, yet, so I might discover some of my suggestions yet."
76561198050722370,Recommended,270850,11156294,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,jedininjaprime,this game is fun and you don't need to know a great deal about cars
,Recommended,270850,11158016,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,pliable,"I recommend this game with a caveat. Specifically, the caveat is the price I paid: $6.79It's definitely not worth $20. While it's fun, especially for someone like me who is pretty ignorant of cars and their inner workings, the game gets rather redundant after a while. I can see an experienced car guy be rather irked by this game after a few missions.One of the dumbest aspects of the game is the used parts store. It's completely pointless, as the replacement parts you buy will not let you advance forward in the game.So all in all, get this game if it's under $10 and you're a complete car newbie like myself. It's fun to learn some stuff about cars, but at the same time, gameplay and some gameplay mechanics are incredibly weak."
,Recommended,270850,11159123,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Official Lemms,I thought it was awesome! and it was! i loved this game...
76561198009583594,Recommended,270850,11160229,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,PewPewPro,Engines go on the INSIDE of cars?!? When did they start doing that...
,Recommended,270850,11161161,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Tapionski,All you have to do is replace broken parts. If you want a challenge where you have to make diagnostics to figure out what's wrong this is not the game.
,Recommended,270850,9874806,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Cy,Makes me feel like I'm Edd China from Wheeler Dealers!! Awesome!No orange latex gloves tho
76561198034340520,Recommended,270850,9944553,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Muerkier,"Speaking from the view point of one who had zero knowledge about car mechanics prior to buying this game, I found this game to be very helpful in learning the different parts of a car, where those parts are located in, on or under the car and what some of the problems are that are associated with certain car parts are. Could this game be improved? Most definitely but for learning basic car mechanics knowledge, I loved it. The game does get a little monotonous proceeding from one repair order to the next and eventually it does get boring but the learning value for mechanic NOOBs like me was well worth the money I paid for it."
76561198130112649,Recommended,270850,10037813,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,buubaj19,it is fun and cool
76561198135579756,Recommended,270850,11395416,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ChaosSixActual,"I played this game from beginning to end with a terrible gaming computer. At 10 fps and minimum graphics settings, this game is still incredible and addictive."
76561198145261067,Recommended,270850,11396596,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,GangBurrito,I have a passion for cars and know a lot about them and this is a game that i really like and would recommend not to mention they are adding a 1/4 track and i grew up watching drag racing
76561198005944945,Recommended,270850,10947973,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kakapo,"This game is definitly not a realistic car mechanic simulator BUT... for people who how hardly ever had contact with car repairs (...and I dont mean the paying part afterwards ;) it is a really good start. You get a quick overview where youll find the different parts on a car and you learn how to read the hints that a broken car gives you.Real car freaks might be disapointed, but Im sure that for most people this is a enjoyable way how to learn a little bit more about your vehicle and have some fun!"
76561198130361273,Recommended,270850,11009710,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Stay Beautiful,It is a good game but has a lot of lag
76561198082729350,Recommended,270850,11169389,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,White Ludacris,I can't stop...
76561198013014623,Not Recommended,270850,11170103,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Uwe Wöllner,"Very basic ability to disassemble a car, no ability for proper engine disassembly etc.This game is not aimed at anyone with interest in engineering, it is a rather straightforward and dumb try and error ""click the bolt"" game."
76561197990617516,Recommended,270850,11225932,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Max Power,Yes
,Recommended,270850,11229029,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,eMJay,I used to like cars and their parts until i met shooting gamesand now i saw this and automatically bought itbest car simulator game ever10/10
,Recommended,270850,11219747,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Mr. Highlighter,"100% Recommended at the $7 sale price. $20 for the regular price and I still think it's worth it. I'm 61/75 on the normal orders and still have 20 left on the offroad add-on.Gameplay is smooth on ultra settings, except I have OA and DOF disabled because of my old GeForce 9600 GSO and running 1600x900 native resolution.Game still looks very good with those settings.The camera can be bothersome at times, but you can click on any part near the part you actually need to focus the camera quickly.The only downfall is the repetative gameplay itself but it's still engaging and pushes you on to complete the order, and the next, and the next.Personally I wish there was more depth, like being able to actually delve into the engine, or replace U-Joints and smaller stuff. But I understand this game is meant for everyone and people that don't know a lot about cars could get lost.I would just like to see difficulty settings. Normal and Hardcore where Hardcore is much more mechanically inclined.All in all, I recommend this title."
76561198011484192,Recommended,270850,11217351,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,[SF] Jaydo,"So this game is sort of a neat premise with not enough effort put into its execution. It is, as many have already pointed out, somewhat limited in scope. You click to unscrew bolts, you inspect the condition of the parts, you order new ones from the computer and you replace the old ones. Done. Occasionally you test-drive the cars on this one small ugly test course.So far, the insides of most cars I have repaied looked the same! If you get to work on a muscle car then the setup does change, but basically the insides only differ per type of car and not per car. All the major parts of a car are there but don't expect to be replacing some small stressed screw somehwere or repairing a crack in the windshield. This game does not go that deep.But since I know almost nothing about cars, it did teach me a thing or two about them so mission accomplished I guess.I recommend it but only if it's on sale. 20 euros is a bit too steep. The only thing this game really has going for it is its uniqueness, which is a shame because I think an in-dept car mechanic simulator would be an interesting game."
76561198143385114,Recommended,270850,11301736,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Billy Corgan Baby Man,Great game. The only issue is thst when I walk around the garage its very laggy but all stops in the car parts website and when I focus in on the engine.
,Recommended,270850,11174106,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,INCONCEIVABLE!,"For a game that calls itself a ""simulator,"" there are several aspects of this game that fall far too short of the real-life experience of working on cars.The first mistake I noticed is the missing human element. In this game, you will find no blank stares or slow mumbles. There are no memorable answers to simple questions, such as people claiming to own a Honda Elantra. The customers usually know what's wrong with their cars and leave understandable notes on the work order, which allows you to quickly find and correct the current problem. I cannot begin to explain how far from reality this actually is.The another jab to the title of ""simulator"" comes from the ease of installation or removal of parts. As any grease monkey will testify, parts just don't come off that easily. I was also sad to find that there was no way to curse at the vehicle for being difficult. The mechanic you play as must be a ghost, as you'll find that starters, located next to the transmission, are installed and removed through the engine bay.Lastly, the cars are all clean. There is no grime to wash off, there are no fingernails lined with black grease. You will not find bandages on your arms and fingers because there are no impact or puncture wounds to heal. No mud, no oil, no antifreeze, no blood. It's all so easy.God I wish it was like this in reality."
,Not Recommended,270850,11177272,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,CS Z,"Does not correctly support multi-monitor setups.  The mouse cursor frequently goes outside the game window onto the second monitor - clicking then causes the game to minimize and return to Windows, which loses the immersion.  This game would also be more fun if it had options to span multiple monitors to show the objectives at all times.Also, the mouse camera swivels around WAY too fast and the keyboard controls are too awkward.  Maybe this would be fun to play on a console or with a controller, but I'm too lazy to set that up.  Controls are very sloppy.  No keyboard shortcuts to switch modes.  There needs to be some options to control what plays on the radio and songs should cycle rather than play the same thing over and over again until it is manually changed."
,Recommended,270850,11459716,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jinx,"Sure it over-simplifies much of the ""business"" under the hood and in the chassis, but this game has made it relatively fun to go about fixing a car.  And many of the things that you replace in this game are legitimately as easy as jacking up your car and replacing it (tie rod for instance).  I'm not pretending like it is nearly as easy as the game makes it, but hey it's a good start for someone wanting to get a basic understanding of how to wrench on a car.  Now to add a beer simulator for realism..."
,Recommended,270850,11183245,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Skratta,"This is a really cool indie game. The extensiveness of the kind of repairs you take on if you were a mechanic is awesome. I don't know if there are other games like this but I think this one could go far. They can just keep adding on more and more content for a new game down the road. What I really mean is that there is so much more that can be done with a mechanic simulator. But please, oh god please... just tune down the dubstep a little and offer an off switch... I can't find it on the radio :C"
76561197992630389,Recommended,270850,11184430,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Anonymous,"Great game, if you really like cars. You won't find much pleasure in driving the car, it's really a car mechanic simulator like the name states. The interface is very nice and simple, easy to learn quickly.Pros:-interface is nice and simple-gameplay smooth, no bugs really-puts you in the shoes of a mechanic.cons:-should have more ""buttons"", keys to do things (eg: press Q to view task, press TAB to switch between assemble and disassemble. I've done some coding and I don't think this is very complex to add, but would be nicer!-Test driving the cars is rather useless as it doesn't tell you much about what's wrong!-Of course, this is a new game, but it could have more cars, parts. More complexity would make the game even better, but I think and hope this comes with time."
76561198021115940,Not Recommended,270850,11185816,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Oradul,"The game looks good, but thats it. the camera is a nightmare, the controls change sensitivity, the operations become too repetitive, some parts disassembly/assembly are from unrealistic points, non usable parts highlight and annoy, the prices are unreal to say the least, driving controls are below average, no point in buying used parts as they either broken or not accepted by the customer.don't buy."
76561198047387641,Recommended,270850,11211760,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,LeftyRoadster,"I enjoy this game's simplicity and relaxing nature but I think it could also really do well with some big expansion. They could add in body work (odd when cars come in with trashed engines but immaculate paint), some more variety to the actual cars (4x4s are a good start). I would also enjoy some more customization, such as upgrade parts for the vehicles rather than just OEM. Overall great game 7/10 really nice to play when I'm tired or to relax."
,Recommended,270850,11238360,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Spatizzle,"As people have said before, it's rather a basic guideline of understanding car parts and how to go about with repairs. There are a few things that I find odd (like what condition ""used"" items are in and no ability to change keys) but if you bypass these small things, this is actually quite fun and a bit of a learning experience as well. I recommend this game to those interested into cars."
76561198071894584,Recommended,270850,9005333,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,m.cummings1956,good game worth the money
76561198060976897,Recommended,270850,9006141,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Elkyard,"For myself, I enjoy this game, speaking from a non-mechanic view.  Always have liked vehicles in general, but never learned much on how to fix things. So this gives me some shear fun learning. Excited to hear about the 4x4 add-on coming out later. Who knows, maybe they will make my day, and whip out a Semi Truck to work on !  Anything is possible, thank you CMS 2014 developers. I appreciate your time and efforts."
76561198087732863,Recommended,270850,8984494,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,BurritoBadass,"Very, very, very fun and cool game. :)"
,Recommended,270850,8985577,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Weskymo,Great game but needs a mac verion though.
76561198001248230,Recommended,270850,8990175,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,BelGarion,"Only two serious problems, one is fixable, set ""Clip Mouse to Window"" in the Other Options menu and restart the game if you have more than one monitor to stop it from clicking off and minimumizing, the other isn't so fixable, you can't rebind the keys to your own liking. Beyond that, it's damn fun to play. :D So I would recommend it, just be ready to be forced into using WSAD until, hopefully, these guys will fix the unbindable keys."
76561198095232125,Not Recommended,270850,8990281,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,bateszac,this game plays up side down and is in pink
,Recommended,270850,9124805,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,puertoreon,This is a good game for someone who's not an total gearheads because of the lack of tools(only have a ratchet) and only have v-6(it have v-8 intake) or 4bangerz. Wainting for an update!
,Recommended,270850,9125417,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Lollerpopulus,"Fairly fun little simulator. Be aware that while it will teach you about cars and car maintenance, it does not (and I doubt it could) teach you how to be a mechanic.  That's not a bad thing, but it's just something to keep in mind. I wish working on cars was this easy."
76561197978333897,Recommended,270850,9132426,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ziellos,"Very, very great game. I highly reccommend this to any car fanatic, or anyone who wants to learn about automobiles in a fun way. The only problem I have seen with it is the limited number of vehicle models and very little difference in the engines."
76561198016433713,Recommended,270850,9117870,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Silentscope8332,You liked Gearhead Garage? You will like this! Not quite as technical but nevertheless best I have seen since GHG!
,Recommended,270850,9121572,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Llewellyn,"Well. What can I say??I've been wanting to play this for a little while, and I've now managed to have a little blat..First impressions? Well, as a mechanic by trade, I really wish it were that easy to remove bolts... But that's not the name of the game here is it? Granted the tutorial is 30 seconds long, but that, to me, sort of adds appeal, as it means you have to think about what you're doing. This isn't a mindless shoot em up. You have to think logically, especially when it starts getting into replacing a clutch and so on.What needs to come off first before I can get to the real issue. Pretty much like a normal car.As a really nice touch, I like the fact you get money returned for recycling!!Granted, there's not much variation in the vehicles, like RWD, 4x4 etc, which would add more dimention to the game, but as it is, is has what a good majority of cars now are. Front Wheel Drive.I'd like to see more parts to be added, and get down to the real nitty gritty parts, like circlips and split pins, you know, all the little fiddly bits, or even having a seized stud which you've got to use oxy-acetylene to warm up to get out, even a snapped bolt..Maybe I'm being too traditional there, but these things happen!!One thing that IS missing.. Girly calenders. Sorry for being sexist here ladies. I have yet to come across a garage that doesn't have a girly calender somewhere. And who in the world had an FSO Polonez poster on the wall?? hehehe! (1st garage, behind the lift control) Yes, I know RedDot are a Polish company before you start!Ah! another good point.. A PROPER lift would be advantagous here. One where you specify the height or at least have complete free wheeling, instead of using a scissor jack??  Do garages really have lifts like these now? Be nice if the lifts were the double poster type, just so you could work at the height you want, not either on the floor or in the air.Again, being picky because of grease monkey.. =)Overall, if you want to learn a little about cars and like a little challenge, then this game is ideal.To me, this is a fun game, not a sim, but I enjoy it enough to keep playing."
,Recommended,270850,10943943,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,✪ jamzaaR-,You have a car and fix it!
76561198014220349,Not Recommended,270850,10918894,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,otacon1,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 starts off in a garage as you take on the role of the Mechanic. The goal is simple: perform the tasks on the work order using your trusty wrench and diagnostic tools (including test drives), not to mention your two eyes to find and repair the various parts and make a profit.The game itself isn't terrible, the graphics are quite good and the gameplay is fluid enough, but the repetition and free-roaming aspect of the game can become tedius if not completely irritating at times. To give an example of this, take a work order that simply says ""The car pulls to the right sometimes."" You'll find yourself pulling the car apart to find the problem, then you need to walk to the computer to buy the new part, walk back, put everything back together and move on. Sometimes the simplest problem becomes a headache because you have to remove several parts to get to the part you need to replace.Walking around the car and having to work on it section by section can be a bit of a pain, but for simulation sake is pretty accurate enough to real life that it makes sense. Although, in a gaming aspect can just be viewed as a bit of a waste of time and makes some jobs a bit too long to be enjoyable. The fact that you can't create and build your own cars and sell them off is a bit of a letdown as well.All-in-all, if you want to remove bolts and replace parts all day long, this is your game. I would recommend getting it at a discounted price if you can. Although a nice little past-time game, long-term and replayability is definitely not on the books for this title. The potential is there but unfortunately it falls just short of a good simulator.Rating: D+"
76561198039466455,Recommended,270850,10896511,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EarmuffsDU,"I really do like this game.  That being said, I only bought this because it was on sale. I think I paid 6 dollars or something.  If you like cars and want to learn a generalization of them.  This is good! Would recommend buy only if its on sale."
,Recommended,270850,10956710,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,K|NGP|N,"Fun and exciting game,this game can deffently teach kids and/or older people that you can repair your car yourself. And that it isn't as hard as you believe.Most of these things i knew how to do. thats what comes out of owning a Audi."
76561197991013999,Recommended,270850,10959710,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shock,My kids love it
,Recommended,270850,10963538,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Turns,"Not a bad way to kill time but don't expect anything too challenging here. If you know a little about cars and like to tinker is it good fun and easy to diagnose and repair the cars.Real car mechanics / enthusiasts shouldn't expect much in the way of accuracy or simulation.  Some things are a little strange like when you take a brake caliper off and the pads are still there floating beside the rotor, or how you have to take apart an entire air intake all the way to the throttle body just to replace an air filter.But, it still is a good time waster.The test drive mode should have either been not included or it needs to be upgraded, badly. Every car drives the same no matter what the issue. I even took a car for a test drive that supposedly wouldn't start! Ok.. sure if you listen you can hear the brakes squeak on some cars but that is the only difference i have ever heard so far. The test driving just feels like a chore and the element of fun has worn off by the third or fourth time you have to do one.All in all, I'll play though it. I'm around 4 hours in and about 1/3 completed with the career.Final Thoughts: It's hard to call this a game. There isn't a lot of game aspects to it. If you like to teardown stuff and put it back together, this is a good diversion for what it is. The graphics are good, but I can hear my vid card run like it has never ran before, which sort of tells me that it could be optimized a little better. There are only a handful of cars and most of the time it will not matter which car it is because they all share most of the same components, so when you are tearing them down, there isn't much different between the cars.I know that is a lot of cons, but I still enjoy playing it.. It reminds me of when I was a child and wanted to take apart all of my own toy cars. For that alone I will give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,270850,10882166,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,zim,"медитативная штука.автолюбителям наверное не понравится. а для тех, кто никогда не лазил под капот, самое оно."
76561198119343440,Recommended,270850,9162126,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Bullet22_250,very good
,Recommended,270850,11499457,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Child of Carnage,"I call this ""a good start."" As someone who loves cars, they oversimplify automotive mechanics, but it is fun to diagnose issues and I found myself looking forward to the next order and using my knowledge to find the problem. A sequel with better graphics, more realism and detail would really have me excited."
,Recommended,270850,11632966,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,kinkajou1015,"Great game, really fun. It's not realistic, but that's not a horrible thing. My biggest nonrealstic beef is that when you replace the oil filter you don't need to also change the oil...If there was a game like this, that was more realistic and featured actual car models, that could be rather fun. Start off with 5 car manuals for a few common cars, occasionally getting a model your knowledge doesn't cover and either fixing it or buying the appropriate manual, and upgrading as you go along."
,Recommended,270850,11326700,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,►∪⊂k≶▲∪⊂∃,"A very nice game for a simulator!About the game: basically you get a clients car and you have to fix the problem. You have to check if car parts are ok (check tire condition, oil etc), repair parts or replace them if needed. There is either info about a part you need to replace/repair or you have to find the problem and solution yourself. You also do test drives (where acceleration, suspension, gears and breaks are tested) and tune the cars for that extra horsepower etc.The most important thing is that you learn about cars and it's parts by playing this, so the game is also quite educational. Who knows.. might come in handy one day when you are on the road and your car happens to have a problem you might possibly easily fix right on the spot."
76561197966857899,Recommended,270850,8950161,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Exscalerber,"This game is quite addictive, every time you complete a job you will find yourself trying to do the next one even when your trying to save and quit out the game.Its not action packed and plays more like a puzzle game. I would also like to say that the tutorial needs some work, for one it should show you where to go to test drive, and diagnostic path a car, because logically you go to the drivers seat of the car for these and niether of them are started from there.Some jobs are a little touchy as well wanting parts changed for new ones.The used parts shop is not a reliable source for parts, you are just as likly to get a part with less than 35% life as you are to get one with 65%. the parts put on the car need to be around the level of those already on the car at least, so in most cases 50% grade parts are not accepted."
76561198136200972,Recommended,270850,19028919,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Lawman_Lawler,Such a awesome game. Slower paced and takes some brain power. Of course its nothing like working on a actual car. But still is a awesome game. I saw the 2015 game is out now and I will be sure to get that one. I also believe these games would also be great on platform just saying. Great job to the creaters awesome work.
,Recommended,270850,13202578,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,*R§F*TheCapulet,"Reminds me a lot of gearhead garage. More comlicated in some aspects, less in others. I only wish it'd brought over the auction feature from that game. (And modding) So far, a ton of fun, and most def worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,270850,13205394,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,LizzieLadybug,"I recommend this for anyone that loves working on cars, or that just loves simulator games. I bought two copys, and we both absolutely love them. The graphics are beautiful, and I recommend this game highly"
,Recommended,270850,13228708,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,herotrojan,This game is just superb! it teach me something about car.. for anyone who doesnt own a car can try this simulation.. after you understand how it works its just great to play it!
,Recommended,270850,13218404,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Atton_Zila,Someone must be know abt this game was becoming ex name street legal & str red line.My opinion is very positive cos i just waited for it when i was playing old series of it and old one every time lockdown giving problem several time.Well well well...11/10
76561197995761437,Recommended,270850,13219878,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,koremano,It's a unique game and it looks nice. Too bad the controls are annoying. Nevertheless funny if you like to learn more about your car.
,Recommended,270850,13247395,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jake4159,"Superb game, the graphics are decent, I enjoyed the attention to small details such has dirt or rust on some parts, the realism of the damaged parts sounds on the test track, the variance in the contracts, the oil color depending on its usage, the music and finally the variance in cars. There were a few things that could be tweaked and added. First the camera is good but needs a little tweaking when reaching its angle limits. What could be added is random generate id codes for each parts. Why ? well for the fun of it, in one of the contracts, I fixed a water pump and bought one but could not know which was which (not a big issue but would add a little feature). Another thing that could be added is part sorting, this would greatly help. Finally, it would be great to go play in the pistons, camshafts and crankshaft.My final score 9/10 Worth the purchase"
76561198025707850,Not Recommended,270850,13250472,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,mausTZ,"The problem with CAR MECHANIC SIMULATOR 2014 is the interface.  Even at the lowest settings (and you will want to set mouse moves to the lowest setting) the controls are mushy and awkward.  The main problem is the constant need to center the screen on what you are aiming for, rather than just using the mouse to point at it.  Also, too many things involve clumsy menus and mouse moves where keyboard shortcuts would work a lot better.The general gameplay elements are good, and I think the game would be enjoyable if the controls didn't make every simple task a chore and a nuisance.  It reminds me trying to accomplish anything in SURGEON SIMULATOR.  I have not tried other games in the ""Simulator 2014"" set, but if they share this interface, I won't be playing them.  I cannot recommend this game."
76561198054867913,Recommended,270850,13242063,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,xiaobit,the 1/4 mile is grey. why?
,Recommended,270850,13279607,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Junichi,"This game is actually really informative to the layperson. It won't teach you the exacts and how to deal with your real car. But it does give you a much better idea of what's going on in your vehicle so you can keep an eye out for faults and what to tell your mechanic. ""It's broke, fix it."" Makes their job a lot harder than a more specific description of the issue.I think this game should be played by everyone who isn't a mechanic. It will teach them and make our mechanics lives easier."
,Recommended,270850,13315776,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,kruden,"This game rocks, something different from the usual big titles. Looking forward to more of such games with more interaction with customer. Eg. Fix the car well and get more customer over time. Currently the engine all look more or less the same, wonder if the dev will be look to a new version of the game with more variety. This game can seriously be a good alternative to the boring gaming landscape."
,Recommended,270850,8907769,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Butters,"Christ on a bike this game is amazing. I won't be so naive as to think I can repair cars flawlessly now, but this game has definitely done well in helping me better understand the assembly of a vehicle! Very excited to continue playing and fix more cars. Also, the soundtrack is just amazing and fits very well with the rest of the game."
,Recommended,270850,13317939,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,(SVK)TheProzac,"Well it is a nice game, which can teach you about the basics of automobile repair specifically what is what. Compared to the real world you will miss a few details like working on electrics or issues with pressure or OBD Diagnostic, etc...One small criticism - the endless game which you unlock after missions - I guess a bit more thinking could have gone in there, you always break 2-3 parts which are completely unrelated and the rest of the car is in perfect condition.But hey if you want to know more about what is what in your car and not break your car then this is ideal for you. It even encouraged me to do work on my car and sure I got my money back which I would otherwise spend in car repair shop."
,Recommended,270850,14716649,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tyranocif,"This game is a neat learning experience of the internal mechanics of a car, but not fully realistic.  I would suggest playing this if you're a teenager motorhead in the middle of your K-12 education."
76561198100190011,Recommended,270850,14751762,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,dalton,fun game for anybody
,Recommended,270850,14755441,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hatixon,"I now know that if I ever become a mechanic, I will most likely beat people to death with a socket wrench for the way they treat their cars. It's like IT but more time consuming and more expensive. Other than that great game that contains the very basics of car maintenance, however before trying anything like this at home, seek proper guidance. Look forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,270850,14823527,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Cam3n2123,Recommended 100%
,Recommended,270850,14811589,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,robander1073,This game is a good game if you are a person who knows how to put something back together.Great Buy10/10Recomended
,Recommended,270850,14702654,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FC BARCELONA,Very good game. Learned a lot about cars from this game. 10/10 hands down. No complaint
,Not Recommended,270850,11191430,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,VTEC-YO,"This game is ridiculously boring and many of the problems the same across all vehicles.Its too easy, 90% of the time you just look for the rusty part to replace.The tutorial is laughable as it barely tells you how to play before dumping you into the game.If you see this, dont buy the game. Spend your money somewhere else."
,Recommended,270850,11192175,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,dudz_fryd,"It's a great passtime.  Being from an indie developer there are some bugs but it does a decent job of approximating (not simulating) the average repair garage.  The camera angles can get a little funky when you're tyring to move around the car but I chalk that up as an attempt at realism.  Since parts on real cars are often only accessible from certain areas but can be seen from others I can give it a pass.The reparis are somewhat general but if you have a basic grasp of auto mechanics you'll enjoy this game.  Sometimes the programming fails, however, and forces you into a narrow order of operations that is less about reality and more about how the game is coded.Don't expect to get your ASE certification from the game it's not that specific but the game will challenge you to figure out problems with little more than a customer complaint that says, "" It won't start""Be sure to enable the cursor clipping option or the game will randomly dump to the desktop on a scene change.  Other than that it's just a great timesink for a gearhead.  I got it on sale and feel it's worth what I paid but not the regular price.I'd recommend the game to people interested in automotives that would like to get a basic understanding of what it means to do basic repairs and the thought process behind them."
76561197968645350,Recommended,270850,11205534,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Luoti84 (Ps4 jos en vastaa),Even if you dont know much about car parts its easy learn to play =) very addictive game!
,Recommended,270850,11209031,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,EzPz,Good mechanic game and it almost like the same of the reality work of a mechanic
,Recommended,270850,11209095,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Psychedelic,"Suitable for kids up to adults, not showing 100% what car was like, but about 75% is the same like real cars.I recommend not to play hours continiously playing this game cause you quickly get bored.Enjoyable when you have nothing to play or trying to learn about cars.So, I recommend this game."
76561198138694243,Recommended,270850,11151222,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,rbuchaski,i dont like the lag in my game it makes it to hard to play  i whant a update
76561197992469584,Not Recommended,270850,11152336,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Jimmy Beef,"It reminds me of those old Street Rod games from when I had a 286. It would be great if not for the camera bs; it is ridiculous. Its like trying to force your way through a gelatinous blob that has you in a headlock. It would be acceptable if i could just easily point and click and do what I want when I want to. I turned the music off, that helped. Turning the graphics to maximum low while retaining desktop resolution helped. Apparently it has some seriously advanced graphics my computer cannot handle.I just keep yelling at it. It makes me long for the 286. I want my 6.99 back, but I am too lazy to RMA for it. Maybe I will play this again for another frustrating hour in a year or two.Why did I buy this? I knew better before hand. I knew it was going to suck. I must have some sick compulsive need to buy crap I don't need."
,Recommended,270850,9437777,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Sneaky,I donno how others but i think this game is ok! :)
76561197970292797,Not Recommended,270850,12980996,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[PmD]uranium_death,"I love cars. I love the idea of working on cars.Cars and 'missions' become more complicated over time, and the garage becomes more elaborate.Unfortunately, this game locks up for me constantly - computer crashes and I am forced to reboot.Red Dot's support offers me nothing other than a brick wall.Despite really enjoying the game, I cannot recommend it as even Red Dot cannot provide support and although I can run Skyrim without issue, inexplicably this game seems to crash...often.If Red Dot can actually support those that buy their games, this review is subject to change."
,Recommended,270850,12888537,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Plukovník,I can't get the update on mac :(
76561198020431226,Recommended,270850,13606938,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MERQUIS,"Its fun, but where the ""catching your hand on rough screws"" and ""bashing out parts with a hammer that are stuck/seized""?add swearing to that mix and you have a good sim :P"
,Not Recommended,270850,13610782,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SooFluffy,Interesting concept but the controls are too clumsy and it quickly becomes frustrating to do what you intend
76561198028213181,Recommended,270850,13595343,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Smoky9mm,This SIMULATOR is by far the best Of its class. 5 stars
,Recommended,270850,13595528,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tjalle,"Nice Game, Love the dlc's! If you love cars and want to know a little more from the inside, you need to buy this game!Before I played this game I knew barely the diffrence between a v6 and a normal engine, now I know a lot about the inside of the car! It is fun and not very hard if you know nothing about the inside of a car, like me before I played this game!"
,Recommended,270850,13678460,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,lloyd00,"It's a simple, butt all fun game. Typical just one more type-of-game.Every car enthusiast has to try it once."
76561198019865649,Not Recommended,270850,21119534,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rear Admiral Zargoth FluffyFace,Completely sucks.  I was hoping for a modern gearhead garage
76561198063187479,Recommended,270850,21825064,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,alxndro,Awesome!
,Recommended,270850,13576586,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sammyboiix,Played for over 5 Hours brilliant game and good game for anyone that likes simulator games like me also 5 Star from me!!
,Recommended,270850,21864925,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,christian ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,good game with excellent content and mechanically acurate. Fps though could be faster or smoother.
,Recommended,270850,21846099,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,🅱ecla,me fixy broom broom me put new juicies juice into tanky wanky me r mechanik
76561198165614664,Not Recommended,270850,22017331,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Suburbia67,"The premise of the game has potential. Like most simulators out there, the idea is rather neat. You start off in your garage and you work your way through challenges in order to take your business to the next step.However, there are many things that makes this game dull to a point where you'll quit rather quickly. While the graphics are decent, the controls are abysmal. The mouse and keyboard combination makes the movements extremely awkward and the overall precision is rather off. We can get into how the realism of it all is rather off and how the actual mechanical experience barely reflects what you would experience in real life, but video games are fantasy and we can look past that.Overall however, the gameplay is lackluster and the controls make it beyond frustrating. Maybe some people will look past that, but personally, I did not enjoy a minute of my very brief time playing this."
,Recommended,270850,20955317,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Blinkrieg,Humanity has done awesome things.This is not one of those things.But still good for what it is.
76561198056882951,Not Recommended,270850,20797288,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Arc Welder,"I would reccomend this game to people trying to learn about car parts but I can't because some parts are not even the correct name.  I'm only about an hour into the game and I can tell you the developer/developers are not proficient in car terms.  for example they called the intake manifold a ""throttle""  and the tires are not seperate from wheels.  Also the car I replaced a starter on wasn't accessible from under the car, on accessible from under the hood which isn't realistic.  All in all though it's a decent game, but defintely not a simulator."
76561198006728193,Recommended,270850,21342662,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Horanth,"I got it on sale, it provided 8 hours of entertainment, it was money well spent, it has little to do with being a mechanic but then call of duty has little to do with being a soldier either."
,Recommended,270850,21647193,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sn3glZ1ll4,"Car Mechanic Simulator is one of those games where you go ""Just one more car"". It is addictive, fun and super educational, in some sense.Hours of fun once you have unlocked ""endless mode"""
,Not Recommended,270850,22063704,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Deimenried,"SHORT VERSION:If nothing else this game serves well as a casual time-killer. It doesn't offer very much in the way of a compelling narrative, nor any real progression, but the basic game mechanics are sound if a little repetitive. A basic working knowledge of cars is helpful, but in no way neccessary as the vehicle components are condensed and simplified.Overall I wouldn't reccomend this game, unless it is on sale. I don't think it's overy poor but I don't rate it as a game you should rush out and buy for being triple-A quality - in terms of gameplay OR graphics.EXPECT:Generic unlicenced vehicles, repetition, simple interface, solid graphics, lots of unbolting.DO NOT EXPECT:To feel blown away, variation, memorable moments, longevity, replay value, quality DLC, overly helpful job descriptions, absolute realism.LONG VERSION:For the first time since I started writing Steam reviews for games I find myself genuinely at a loss. The games I reviewed up to this point invoked something - whether it be emotion, nostalgia or a general sense of achievement. It's hard to convey feeling in analysing a simulator - by their very nature simulators are as far detached from human emotion as possible. They are clinical in their execution, even if they are not an entirely representative experience of their subject matter.This is the problem that I found with Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. While it is different (in the sense that most simulators deal with the operation of vehicles, with maintainence being a one-click afterthought) this game suffers from intense repetition which far outweighs the initial novelty value.Throughout the 'career mode' you are presented with vehicles in varying levels of disrepair. You are given some hints as to the problem (this is where a good working knowledge of what components do what in a car comes in useful), but in the end you have the tools to examine a car top to bottom and it all boils down to 'replace everything that's red'. There are diagnostic tracks and an on-board diagnostics tool, which are useful in quickly assessing the car's health or finding what you've missed. You can also test drive the car, though the car physics are pretty dull and listless, and a vehicle with inferior components seems to handle the same as one that has brand new parts rendering the whole process entirely useless.In terms of progression, you start in a tiny dingy garage with limited facilities before you automatically get upgraded until you have a full-size facility with the opportunity to perform brake/suspension tests and ECU tuning. You have no say in how and when you upgrade, it just seems to happen. There is also a series of 'skill upgrades' which makes parts cheaper, gives your more money per job, get automatic analysis on random parts or unbolt faster. All in all, the game's progression does not stand up to most others in the genre and seems quite limited - you can't buy other garages, hire other mechanics or do any sort of empire-building which would enhance the experience or, in the very least, give it some lasting appeal.It seems unfortunate that the gameplay can be condensed into two paragraphs, but honestly there is nothing else there. There are DLCs, which are thankfully free, which give a small extension to the experience. The 4x4 DLC will add the Bolthorn Wanderer (what appears to be an unlicenced Jeep) with some associated themed repairs (i.e. customers who've been off-roading and royally messed up the suspension) and the 1/4-Mile Drag DLC which adds jobs to make cars achieve a certain time over, you guessed it, a quarter-mile drag. That's it. The same dull physics plague the 1/4-mile test drives making the whole DLC uninspired (I got bored after 3 jobs).Lastly I will touch on the graphics, which are fairly decent and do the job without any serious excitment. The interface is simple if a little clunky. The camera is nausea-inducing at times, moving around as you select and remove/replace parts making keeping it focussed on bolting/unbolting somewhat infuriating. That's it. Nothing else to report.FINAL WORDThis was tough to write. There is so little content spread over a long game span with a lot of repetition. It is very easy to fall into the trap of the 'just one more job.. just one more job' mentality, but you won't feel any more accomplished than when you started.This is very much a borderline game - I really wish there was something between Reccomend and Not Reccomend because this game embodies that grey area. It isn't offensively bad to play but I wouldn't urge you to go out and buy it either. Just wait until it's heavily discounted - your wallet WILL NOT forgive you. In that sense I will NOT reccomend this, if only to stress the importance of patience."
,Recommended,270850,14263446,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Monkius,"Let me preface this by saying that I love this game; I wouldn't have played it for this many hours if I didn't. I should also mention that I used to work as an apprentice mechanic. I tried my best not to nit-pick every minutia of the game, but it will probably seem otherwise to people with no automotive knowledge. Trust me; even if some of the details I mention seem small, they are still significant. This review is intended both as constructive criticism for the developers and as a cautionary tale to any would-be purchaser.This is a great little puzzle(?)/simulation game and in my eyes, it's worth every cent of what I paid for it. That being said, there are a whole host of kinks that need to be ironed out of the ""clunky"" and sometimes-infuriating gameplay:- My inventory filled up with crap really fast, since I didn't get around to selling all the junk parts until I had the next car apart and new ""green"", ""yellow"" and ""orange"" parts mixed into the inventory as well. It would have been really nice to have a ""sell all junk parts"" button.- Sometimes it's ""fiddly"" to get to small things like spark plugs (the issue was compounded by the fact that I don't have a top-shelf gaming PC, so the game always lagged a bit.)- Sometimes I couldn't stamp the car as ""repaired"", even though there wasn't a single red part on it. I soon figured out that I had to put the EXACT PARTS IN THE EXACT PLACES they started in. It was really annoying and I had to start several levels over because of this. I can appreciate that without this, the used parts system cannot work. However, if brake pads and bushings were sold in ""sets"" like in real life and brake calipers were separated by right/front, left/front, etc, the issue would be entirely eliminated with the used parts system intact.- I have to unbolt the entire exhaust system, starting at the muffler, just to get to the manifold. WHAT THE HELL? The exhaust pieces should be ""independently"" and not ""sequentially"" removable...- The cursor does not centre after moving to a menu (it stays centred when moving around, but jumps to a corner when you enter a menu or work on the car... This gets reeeeeeally annoying after a while.)- Transmission extraction from the top of the car, seriously??? I have never, ever, ever, EVER seen that done (unless the engine is coming out with the transmission, which is not possible in this game.) This detail is especially annoying on rear- or all-wheel drive cars. You have to take three extra unnecessary steps, walking over to the lift button, lowering the car, walking back to the hood before finally taking the transmission out, rather than simply taking the transmission and starter out from the bottom of the car, like any normal person.- Switching between ""assemble"" and ""disassemble"" is another great time-waster. I'd have loved to just have them merged together, with an outline of the part to be assembled appearing in the place of the part that was removed. Heck, it would also be nice not to have to move the camera around while you're working on the car (sometimes the camera spazzes out so badly with its zooming-in-and-out business that the bolt you want to loosen flies clear off-screen and you have to move the camera around some more...) A complete view of all the parts, à la ""Street Rod"", would have been a lot easier.If you're willing to look past all of this minor to moderate awfulness, however; by all means, buy this game right now. You will spend many joyous hours planning, diagnosing, analysing and just plain screwing around."
76561198162456766,Recommended,270850,22044833,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,mwolfe1969,I don't know if it is my commputer or not if u have a bad pc don't get it good pc get it
76561198090455254,Recommended,270850,22088268,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mathew,very fun game brilliant for any car fan who loves tinkering with cars or who wants to be a mechanic but cant this is next closest thing you will most proberlly get.
,Recommended,270850,11523933,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,PlayerBoru,Hellll Yeahhhhh
76561198294108595,Recommended,270850,22193305,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,rachaelslegs,I love this game!  It's like a puzzle trying to figure out what needs to be fixed and how to do it with out spending too much money.
,Not Recommended,270850,21840528,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Your Father,"Terrible camera angles and a difficult UI sucks the fun out this really quick, about 40 minutes actually.  And please don't think this is any sort of educational tool.  It isn't.  If you 'learn' anything from this game and go try to fix your real car, you're going to have a bad day."
76561198144900692,Recommended,270850,21943693,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,a1s,"8.5/10 This game its a great simulator , you have a lot of content  and its very realistic.I recomed this game to anyone. Worth 6 euros"
,Recommended,270850,20386150,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,xDeProfundis,"6/10I got the game after they freshly released it and always waited for their little DLCs they've released but the game has some serious issues that are annoying but not a real death sentence.Positive things:- The job variety is alright. In the story mode you dont have to do the same thing twice in a row, you get to see different approaches.- The graphics are ""alright"" for a studio like this.- Many parts to disassemble. Just had the fun on a mission to take a whole car apart and get it back together.- Tuning possible but very limited.- Car class variety from vans over sedans to sports cars.- Chance to order used parts and brush them up to save money.Negative aspects:- The tuning itself is set as a minigame that makes absolutely no sense. I am not a car mechanic, dont intent to become one but I cant imagine that you sit infront of a screen and move a damn flipchart of an EEPROM around until the percentage matches.- Very poor physics in the test drive. Every customer nearly needs the test drive to be sure that the car is working but like the game is made it just does not represent anything, the car feels like a fish in a god damn tank.- The DLCs dont really brought that much of content to be satisfied.- Credit is a one time thing in the whole game, seriously?- Double Monitor use always throws you out of the game when your mouse leaves the game, never have that happen in other games.- No customer wants to keep their car parts, makes the form and the difficult of the game pretty low.- The race track is just a horror with the physics as well.Potential that could have been used in my eyes but well...I still enjoyed it, nothing outstanding, can pay that low price for it."
,Not Recommended,270850,20450946,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RSCC_LunarPlayz,Laggy glitchy and a messed up camera all the menues ar laggy
,Not Recommended,270850,20517453,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SethPlayZ_YT,Needs work
,Recommended,270850,20506685,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,kenny,"For those who want to understand the machines, this game is just right."
,Recommended,270850,20508352,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Exiled†Sickness,average 3/5
76561198170078234,Recommended,270850,20563422,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,toadswag123,it good game
,Recommended,270850,20551943,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,bosman752,"Well, what can be said about Car Mechanic 2014. It a reasonable simulator where you can repair customer's cars and make some cash. It's basically a point and click game. If you have played Gearhead Garage in the past and are looking for a decent successor, then it's debatable if this is it. It's a good little game to get into if you have 20 or 30 minutes to kill, but it does get boring. Word of the wise, I started playing this game with a Radeon R4 graphics card, and it was very sluggish. I found that surprising to an extent, as this isn't a 3D intensive game like Call of Duty or Skyrim. Once I upgraded to the GTX 960 4 GB, I didn't have any frame rate issues.  It maybe the polygon count. Something to keep in mind."
76561198068478557,Recommended,270850,19955117,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tox,Great game to learn the basics of car mechanics. Camera movement does get annoying after a while though.
,Recommended,270850,17805742,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Yung Draco,Not entirely accurate but still fun nonetheless. Catch it while it's on sale.
,Recommended,270850,20035922,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,i have two rock,i liked it
76561198086916098,Recommended,270850,20019357,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,∞ ïиғïиïtє ∞,Decent
76561198133072610,Recommended,270850,20081144,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jamkus the Wood Elf,Verry fun and helps learn alot about cars.......... Except all cars are different and not the same internal stucture
76561198119596890,Not Recommended,270850,20648401,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Alfa,sh*t
,Recommended,270850,14413735,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,"spray like ""Orgy - Blue Monday""","A very good game to struggle through if you are like myself, and know NOTHING about cars.Made a good video, though.I'm sure for people who are into cars, this will be a GREAT game.But for those of you who AREN'T, make an♥♥♥♥♥of yourself for a Youtube video like I did.Either way, you're sure to have GREAT fun.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3vA0Y0eGjLMomo7QbySnlLDTNOWsVsuE"
,Recommended,270850,20580736,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Virex ♛,The whole point in this game is to take good parts off of customer's cars and replace them with bad ones ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 10/10
,Recommended,270850,20592179,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Unicorn Man_Puppet,They dont have all the parts a car actually has andyou cant remove body panels but I still recommend this game 9/10
,Recommended,270850,25133767,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,"Easy come, easy go","good game, you learn alot of things about cars while playing it."
,Recommended,270850,25049610,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TheKyleム,good game if u wanna learn something about cars
,Recommended,270850,24724051,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,kinggdaggaruskyy,'I'
,Recommended,270850,24800888,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,[DDT] nightelvesreasy,"not bad, I expected a Gearhead Garage, it's not great, but it's not bad 7/10"
,Recommended,270850,24837271,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,XxsaudxX,KJ
,Not Recommended,270850,24931240,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Leroy Peterson,"its alright for a few hours. Starts to get a bit tedious after a while and the unskippable, pointless, time-consuming tasks get annoying. You might learn some basics about car mechanics if you didnt know anything before hand.The 1/4mile add-on is a bit more involved, but re-trying the drag race involves going back to the garage, then going back out to the track. why??I'm sure the later editions of this game improve some aspects of it, so go for them."
76561198057977408,Recommended,270850,15039932,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Örvar,"20 hours is all this game lastet for me, too short campaign and too repetitive sandbox, good fun while it lasted though"
,Recommended,270850,14872212,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Steven,"I thought this game was fun for a while, but after playing it for some time i saw the changelog and saw that they mentioned free dlc for Car Mechanic Simulator 2014, when i came to the page. The only DLC was $20. overall score, 2.5/5 stars"
,Recommended,270850,14872213,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Steven,"I thought this game was fun for a while, but after playing it for some time i saw the changelog and saw that they mentioned free dlc for Car Mechanic Simulator 2014, when i came to the page. The only DLC was $20. overall score, 2.5/5 stars"
,Recommended,270850,14998290,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Steve CSGOSICK.COM,YOU CANT FIX BOATS SO ITS BORING
,Recommended,270850,15002883,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,NUT IN MY BUTT,I didn't learn♥♥♥♥♥♥about real cars but I had a blast doing it.
,Not Recommended,270850,15018067,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"Actually, I didn't expect this game to be so boring and awkward. Oh man, look at all the funny videos of vigorous guys randomly setting engines on fire while doing the repairs or where drunk men inflating the tire until it burst just for fun! Car simulators like this one must be liven up with some crazy and funny stuff before it could be enjoyed fully."
76561198044270957,Recommended,270850,14913655,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,a25yearoldpie,i like to work on cars so it was lacking a little bit of depth but i still love this game to pass the time.
76561198040248554,Recommended,270850,15075822,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,CISBA85,soooo awesome i even helped to fund the 2015 edition coming soon (which looks soooo amazing)
,Not Recommended,270850,14817851,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,MeanMichael,If your looking for a game with a bit of simulator arcade combo sure. but this is no arcade or simulator. its like buying Blazing Angels and expecting a simulator.
,Not Recommended,270850,14959050,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mew,lags my acer like craaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzyyyyy!!!!
,Recommended,270850,14781163,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AbsurdBlue,A surprisingly fun and addicting game. I hope you like unscrewing bolts though
,Recommended,270850,14704228,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bible Thumpin Conservative AK,"Great Game, I love it. Only thing it needs os a lot more detail, But I guess thaat is coming in a couple of months. :)"
,Recommended,270850,14713596,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,_-Aaron-_,A Really Great Game! This Game Is Really Fun And I Think Maybe A Little Educational. (In Mechanic) Although Some Parts Of The Game Are Challanging I Can Honestly Say I Have Had Many Hours Of Great Gameplay Without Getting Bored And I Think You Will To!
,Recommended,270850,14646705,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Prospekt,"I love it :) Its not very realistics but when you want couple hours of fun, worth it"
,Recommended,270850,14641107,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,rollsey,great game
,Recommended,270850,14671960,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Asriel da goat,"Best car mechanic game ever created. It is realistic, it is epic, and mostly cool. It either requires a beefy computer, or the video settings down to run as smooth as possible. Pros: BEST. GAME. EVER.Cons: Slows down ALOT while playing the third invoice/order, and requires low vid settings or a beefy computer."
,Recommended,270850,27826615,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sas33,one of the best simulation games. and you learn something from this game :D
76561198276574958,Recommended,270850,27711424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,summer bunny,i bought this game today. first off i wont say its perfect there are many frustrating things about the game and sometimes its pretty hard (especially if you dont know car parts but i got lucky i guess)but in my opinion its quite good its no my summer car or jalopy but you can sunk quite a few hours into it i have played 6 hours and i bought this at 12 am and its 18:33 now and i played this game for what i thought was an hour i thought wrong.its not an amazing simulation but its still alot of fun and its really abit educational about cars but its do able without knowing anything about cars.at stages it gets hard or you realise you take a car apart looking for a single part 3 times and realise its the freaking fuel filter (me)! But honestly if youre bored have 6quid lying around (or 50p) and dont have a social life this game is a good game to just play for hours without even noticing. I rate this 7.53/10.53
,Recommended,270850,27745125,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Binky,Great game if you only need a quick past time.
,Recommended,270850,27830441,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,|| Gifura,Good game for playing around with cars .
,Recommended,270850,33264973,Posted: 5 July,all,Epicmarek,Interesting to see how a car engine is put together...7/10 would crash the car I'm meant to fix again
,Recommended,270850,33544631,Posted: 14 July,all,12inch STONEHARD KUK,"It is good concept and everything but the fps man, on little old PCs its like 20 fps or below, and not only for bad PCs, on good PCs ot lags too by the people thoughts... Try to fix somehow but i really like it and cant give it negative. Really worth for 60 cents for simulator."
76561198043342055,Recommended,270850,32492937,Posted: 16 June,all,Brutus0039,Good
,Recommended,270850,32735273,Posted: 24 June,all,Bane ✪,Bought it cause it was less than a dollar on sale and its surprisingly good. Good for when you are bored and have some time to kill.
76561198368668800,Recommended,270850,32776200,Posted: 25 June,all,cmsracer00,i have not finished this game but i do know it s interesting and very fun
,Recommended,270850,29438182,Posted: 22 January,all,ECKS DEE,"I like this game,Loads of cars,Ability to test them,Extended Mechanic Physics,Great for those with a budget,Get Game."
,Recommended,270850,32957915,Posted: 28 June,all,Murtaza,Arabayla ilgilenen alabilir. Gayet güzel.
76561198083339630,Recommended,270850,28948297,Posted: 2 January,all,LordOfGamingLOL,10/10
,Not Recommended,270850,18806601,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Luka K. (LK),Boring. I can't even play the game properly. Luckily I got it on sale otherwise I would have wasted so much money although I have already wasted money on this game.Pros:Nothing.Cons:Way too laggy.Poor and boring.You can't even name your garage.Fake cars.Only one soundtrack.This game is boring and laggy. Fact.Overall Rating:0/10
,Recommended,270850,29132115,Posted: 8 January,all,Android,"Simple and fun game to pass the time, it can help you understand the parts of a car and how they all are assembled together."
,Recommended,270850,28874565,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,billboy05,Its an excellent game for the price. If you want to learn some things about how a car works and how it is built this is a fun way to do it.
76561198195336250,Recommended,270850,28886058,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,XxhehexXhohX,Nice i learn a lot about cars!
,Recommended,270850,29305548,Posted: 16 January,all,Sherman,If something like this could be combined with eurotruck sim i woud be a very happy man
76561198261436695,Recommended,270850,30094848,Posted: 22 February,all,Sapã Automatã,WOw that's an amazing game! :D
76561198287987394,Recommended,270850,29580323,Posted: 29 January,all,sundance322,Fun game if you are into cars or interested in learning.
,Recommended,270850,26242635,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,JohnnyV★,Good game to learn stuff!
,Recommended,270850,31476133,Posted: 30 April,all,GHA21,Interesting concept of puzzle game.The costumer bring their car to your place then you fix their problem.This game make you know at least what the name of parts in car and where is it.Sometimes I browse to google to know where the parts location on car haha.And see the 90% off now I think Its good deal.
,Recommended,270850,31458760,Posted: 30 April,all,floidy,Very interesting game. I was not keen on buying it but I did when it was on sale and I really enjoyed it.
76561198248994418,Recommended,270850,31481451,Posted: 1 May,all,Valiriken,The game is fun and it is interesting to remove modules and place better ones :D :D
,Recommended,270850,31365454,Posted: 25 April,all,Huçix,"I got this game at a 90% discount during a sale.All biases aside. It is fun, and as you progress you do get more out of it, but as you begin in the career mode, it starts off smoothly and easy but then the second part comes in and it feels tedious.Albeit. I had high expectations that were soon overruled.The game does state that you are starting from the bottom to the top and I completely ignored that once I bought the game.But like any game, when you give it the time or enough love you wil most definately be able to enjoy it in the long run. But here are MY cons.In all honesty, it does not fall in a modern first person enviroment where you'd believe you'd have complete freedom - such as the ability to pick up stuff with hands and inspect them that way or even be able to punch tangible objects and blast them across the room.Music is good. But filled with so much electro dance music (I enjoyed the ones which were chill), and some rock (which I enjoyed). For me, I want driving music like 80s influenced or originated songs.I'm just disappointed that they don't have a crouching feature, let alone the player model having hands in a first person enviroment. I just want to grab and throw stuff around.I'd still recommend this game, for it is the complete edition of the title - so you still get a lot out of it, but I still feel it has so much more potential. And unlike its successors, it does not feel at all like a simulator that demands more (money) from you, so that's good.Note again. I got this during a sale - and if you do see this on sale, try it out but don't let your expectations drive you. Its not in its entirety close to replayable fun."
,Recommended,270850,34080337,Posted: 7 August,all,DrMunchies,"Car mechanic Simulator 2014.. What can I say.  Though 2015 and 2018 are now out, I wanted to start with 2014 to get a feel of the game so I would know what to expect as I progress through the newer  games.  The game is fun, nice time waster, and may teach you a thing or two if you know nothing about vehicles.  This game is very monotonous in nature though, which makes me excited to move onto the new games to see what they have added."
76561198047977879,Recommended,270850,34005776,Posted: 3 August,all,SugarSkullz50,its better then CMS 2018
76561197970403229,Recommended,270850,34021718,Posted: 4 August,all,GrimMonkey,Oddly fun relaxing litte game.
76561198107371493,Recommended,270850,34175132,Posted: 11 August,all,jamey1016,Suprisingly Good Game
,Recommended,270850,34211294,Posted: 13 August,all,BaKaPoN,This game taught me the very basic of car mechanism.
76561198202035392,Recommended,270850,34244867,Posted: 14 August,all,pudG,A real fun and relaxing game. On sale often for a few measly bucks. Definitely recommended 7/10
76561198153284633,Recommended,270850,34939972,Posted: 13 September,all,Longie-Mate.exe,games pretty fun tbh. gets oldquickly though as each engline design is identical and there are only a few diffrent cars.
,Recommended,270850,34999102,Posted: 16 September,all,The4thDuke,"I was overwhelmed by the success of CMS 2015 and 2018, I tried and liked them a lot, my curiosity was teased by the huge discount to the series origin: Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. I have to admit, I was going to give it a negative review and not suggest it, but I changed my mind near the end, when I was about to complete the last orders. Let's find out why.PROSGRAPHIC: Despite the game is only 3 years old and doesn't offer the nicest graphic of that era, it's graphic is honest and does its job smoothly, at least on my pc, you can even notice the garage reflex on the hub cap, I've never seen anything like that! It's an enjoyable graphic with some good details for cars, surely having the entire game into a very small space helped, if you exclude the test driving. 2015 has a good graphic, while 2018 was very complained about laggy graphic, despite bringing not much new to it, especially when compared to older and bigger games.ENGINE AND CAR PARTS: That's something I haven't experience in many other games, the car parts details are pretty good, you can understand how an engine works and how its parts look like, it's still quite generic but a very good idea. Worth a mention the extra parts for the 1/4 mile DLC (included in the game along with 4x4 dlc), you can even replace parts with better performance ones, the only negative comment is the limited amount of parts, which has been ""fixed"" in 2015 and 2018POTENTIALITY: This is the best feature the game has, its potential. Unfortunately as I will say in the Cons list, it's not fully featured. What made this game successful was its potential, unmounting the entire car and working on it, both parts fixing and replacing. It was a great idea and the game deserved its success. Its potential will be mentioned again in the Cons though.PRICE: The game is quite cheap and often featured in the weekly sale discounts, I bought it at €0.59 and despite being the first of the serie and having 2 successors already, it's still a 3 years old game, not so old. Its price is also what made me change my review from negative to positive, it has some very weak points, but can still give fun for a very low priceCONSEASY AND SIMPLE: I believe this is its weakest point. There are games made for being easy and simple, to make them playable for everyone. While I can accept that, I couldn't accept that for CMS2014. It's too easy and simple, it doesn't require any skill to play it, won't teach you anything new to play it better and, if you have a little of knowledge on engines and car parts, you may notice there's ""something missing"". Yes, what's missing? Not much, the game is just that simple, I would almost compare it to a flash game. The worst part may be the lack of parts, you can't unmount arms, you won't see any piston, valve, cam gear and cam shaft for your works. Even the most unexperienced player would notice the game is too simple. But don't you worry, the good note is that was fixed in 2015 and 2018 editions, where cars can be entirely disassembled to their very last screw. That's what 2014 is missing! Too bad because it didn't express its full potential.BUG: The game worked very well until the 4x4 dlc, where I think I experienced a nerve killing bug. I fixed the broken parts like the order asked, but I couldn't proceed to the next order. That was impossible, I unmounted the entire car and built it again, no parts were broken or missing, I still couldn't mark the mission done. After hours, I restarted the order, amazingly when I was done working on the car again, it was all good. A few orders later I had the same bug, I restarted the order 2 times and no change, so I decided to unmount, fix each part or replace the unfixable ones with new parts. I spent the entire money on parts until I couldn't buy the very last part of it, a wheel. I noticed that was the only yellow part and still saying it wasn't fixed, then I remembered the yellow wheel originally had the red wheel, when I unmounted the other wheels, I accidentally mounted it to the broken side. Actually the yellow wheel is not considered broken and if I remember correctly all other parts are fine with different parts, as far as they aren't red. In the wheel's case, it wasn't. Infact I swapped tyres and the order was accomplished. That killed my nerves and made me waste several hours to find that out, I am sure that's a bug and should be fixed, to prevent players ""breaking"" the game and leaving it before the end. That's a stupid bug with an easy fix, I think that was fixed in 2015 and 2018, no reason to ignore 2014 as far as it's for sale on steam. Despite that, I didn't experience any other bug.REPETITIVE: While I consider every CMS game very repetitive, this one made it in a hateful way. Fewer parts, easy jobs, very few cars, almost each part shared by all others, always the same jobs, no way to do something different (beside 1/4 mile DLC). You can play the first 3 orders of the game and each DLC and you've played the entire game, no reason to go any further. Even the economic part of it, it's entirely useless. Unless it's not too easy for you or you're too curious to finish it, the game just gets boring. And when you complete it, gives you nothing. Once again, it's a waste of potential.LONGEVITY: One hour is enough to play the entire game, because it features nothing but car repair, the very little beside it is close to useless. You can earn money but you can only spend them for ""skills"" and parts, there's no managing of the garage, no losses, no way to invest or give it a sandbox touch. After repairing dozens of cars with the same I4 and V6, the game gives you a modified compact car with a V6 instead of I4. Nice but useless, since you can only drive it on the test track, game over. The 4x4 dlc is even worse. Beside the bug, it only features a new car with very few different parts for transmission but the same old I4 and V6, when you complete the dlc, it gives you nothing. The 1/4 Mile dlc is more interesting, you will work on performance parts to improve the cars times on the 1/4 mile, while it gives you something different and interesting, it gets repetitive again, when you complete it, gives you nothing once again. Just boring and useless. CMS 2015 finally features what 2014 was missing, a lot of cars, different engines, more performance parts, a better economic system (you need money to buy your own cars, parts, garage space and upgrades) giving the game a decent longevity and freedom, unlike 2014.DETAILS: While it features some extremely cool details like the hub cap reflex, it has some easy details missing. Just to name a few, I notice some cars have no reverse light and there's nobody behind the wheel while testing the car. They are not so important but makes them somehow noticeable among all other problems, it's the reason I would almost compare this to a flash gameFinal word: An interesting game featuring a huge potential, but left alone to focus on the praised successor CMS2015. The game is easy, simple, boring and incomplete but it can give you a few hours of fun for a very low price. If you want something more complete, I strongly recommend the 2015 edition, which fixes most of 2014 lacks"
,Recommended,270850,35119062,Posted: 21 September,all,Cyrotechnium,"So apparently this one guy drove over a massive hole and asked to check his suspension.Apparently, in this universe, driving over a massive hole will get your left suspension arm rusty, along with shock absorber and coil."
,Recommended,270850,27836230,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lenley,rel gud
,Recommended,270850,35014978,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,Good game. Nothing more. Nothing less. 6/10
76561198178010694,Recommended,270850,35481798,Posted: 4 October,all,Farmskins.com Hellcase.com,"Nice game, could be better . If you are into cars then yeah."
