user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198365360825,Recommended,270880,32133133,Posted: 2 June,all,kentuckyman40,As a former trucker with over 1.8 million under my belt i got this game last night becaused i miss the road.   It is almost like the real thing.  the trailer responds exactly like it does in real life and yes i was able to put in the dock on here just by using my mirrors.   i highly recommend it because if you ever wanted to be a trucker this is about as close as you can get to it without actually climbing into the cab and drive it.
76561198095455634,Recommended,270880,32778159,Posted: 25 June,all,Husky306,"Wonderful game.I can tell you about the difference between it and ETS2. Each game has it's own charm.-ATS is newer. Better graphics.-ETS2 has more trucks. Way more and slightly more upgrades. ATS only has like 4. 2 brands and 2 types of truck for each.-ETS2 has a much bigger world. ATS is still young so getting max Distance perk cannot even be applied as you only go between 3 states. ETS2 is full Europe now. Including GB where you should remember to drive on the left side of the road. ;)-ATS is smaller because it actually has all the world realistically planned. Roads barely ever repeat. In ETS2 you can think ""hey, I've been here before. Or not?"" or ""one more clover highway spread... sigh..."" while in ATS it's always something new wherever you go. And you feel the warmth when you come back to familiar places.-ATS has long straight highways, relaxing and enjoyable. Not too boring, not too extreme. ETS2 has very sharp and plentiful turns. Whatever you prefer. Personally I love ATS. You still get enough turning off the highway, in the city or on narrow roads.-ATS has amazing scenery here and there. Makes you wanna go everywhere. ETS2 is repetitive. The price for being that huge.-ATS has view zoom!!! =D To look out for police. =P-ATS has very strict speed limits. I think it can be turned off but... Do I really want to do that? I left it on. Speed limits are actually pretty sane. You may crash if you break it. ATS fines for speed violation are much higher. And you're watched by police mostly, less often by cameras. So you a) have to look around to see if there's police nearby, b) you have to watch your speed and current limit, c) you can decide if you want to keep your money or pay a lot for a questionable right to break the laws. Wanna be a rebel? Go ahead. =D  Overall it adds to the gameplay very well. Surprisingly well. I hated speed limits in ETS2, they were stupid and cheaply fined and meh.-ATS offers more options for parking. More exp for difficult position, less for fast simple one, none for just ditching the trailer at arrival. Small bit but also adds to the game score.-ATS has slightly better traffic AI. In general it's just refined and polished more.So ATS has a great potential and can one day beat ETS2 in all aspects. For now I can enjoy both, depending on my mood. But, I must admit, I love ATS more. It's an upgrade, after all. ^__^10/10 if you love truck simulators. Yes, it's time consuming and may be boring. But it's not the game's fault, for sure."
,Recommended,270880,21249989,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Narukoopa,"All of my reviews are based around my personnal opinion, they're not swayed by a majority of people liking or disliking it.Better thanEuro Truck SimulatorWorse thanEuro Truck Simulator 2TL:DRAmerican Truck Simulator is more of a re-skin of ETS2 but with added detail. People who've played ETS2 will pretty much recognise what they're doing and where to find things due to the game being made using the same engine. If you're new to the Truck Simulator franchise however, you'll find that this game is actually quite fun. The environments are beautiful, the cities are very big and there's a huge variety of roads such as ones that are long and narrow and ones that are more difficult to navigate. If you've played ETS2, I'd say wait till this game is on sale. If you're a newcomer, well worth your money!NOTE:All of my reviews are laid out in a particular format that fits the game.AboutAmerican Truck Simulator [ATS] is a spin off to the popular game, Euro Truck Simulator 2 [ETS2]. Just like the title says, you'll be driving around two of America's states, California and Nevada, in a truck. Since ATS was made using the same engine as ETS2, there are a lot of similarities, most notabley the UI. Just like It's previous games, in ATS you start a company in which you make deliveries for other people to earn money. The more money you get, the more you can upgrade your warehouse, and get drivers to work for you. That's basically it.GameplayAgain, gameplay for this game is a lot like ETS2. If you've played ETS2, then this game shouldn't be difficult for you at all. If you haven't played ETS2, It's not hard to get into basics. There are differnet modes for controls, some which are more difficult than others. Just like ETS2, there are radio stations where you can listen to music, you can customize your truck by adding different paint jobs, there are different camera views to view your truck from different angles and have the basis of any other vehicle such as headlights, indicators, windscreen wipers and a horn.But as I mentioned before there is added detail to ATS. One thing for example is police cars. Police cars pretty much act as moving speed cameras. If you break the speed limit and/or do something that's illegal they'll fine you, plus turn on their sirens and just sit there.... watching you.Cities and towns are much bigger than the ones in ETS2. There is now an actual good reason to travel through cities and admire the views.The map in this game is pretty disappointing, I've already discovered at least 80% of it. Yes I know, they're adding a free dlc soon that adds Arizona, but right now, the map is small.Design & GraphicsI would say there is a slight better quality when it comes to graphics & design that ETS2.ATS isn't a hard game to run when it comes to graphics. Just like it's predecessor, there are plenty of graphics options. I can easily run Ultra graphics, so I'm assuming it isn't that hard.One of the main things the developers were working on this game, was design. The game has much more detail than ETS2. There is much more of a variety of different roads. cities and towns are much larger and are more detailed and there are some really beautiful views. Sometimes at night times you can see shooting stars, and in day time you can easily see planes and jets flying around.Also I swear I saw a UFO in Nevada...UI [User Interface]Like I said before, the UI of this game is pretty much Identical to ETS2's, pretty much nothing has changed, which in most ways is a good thing. If you've played ETS2 then you won't have any trouble on getting to understand where everything is. As for newcomers, just like in the previous games, there are tutorials that tell you where everything is, so I doubt there will be a time where you struggle.Pros- Beautiful Environment- So much detail!- Very relaxing- It's pretty much what you want in a truck game.- Much bigger towns and cities.Cons- Such a small map.- Very similar to ETS2.- Some background terrain looks very bland.Final RecommendationMore of a reskin, than a unique game. People who've played ETS2 before would probably find this a bit disappointing. But from my experience I've enjoyed playing this. There is much more added detail and many beautiful places to explore, even if It's a small map. Just like It's predecessor, It's a relaxing experience, thats what's important to me.It isn't perfect, and It's definitely not better than ETS2, but It is worth your money.Final Verdict - 7.5/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ficMiV3AfuEhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/270880/If you liked this review, be sure to give it a like! I'm still learning. :)Also be sure to follow my curator page here-http://steamcommunity.com/groups/narukoopasfriends#curationThanks for Reading!"
,Recommended,270880,21037481,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,venomtail,"My dad has 35 years of trucking experience. When he watches me park the trailer in difficult spots, he gets really angry at me not being able to park the trailer.10/10 would troll my dad again."
,Recommended,270880,28423518,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Iron Chef French Hiroyuki Sakai,"What if you awoke one morning to find yourself inside a truck?  What if you woke up in that truck and from that moment on you were never hungry again?  Well sure, that would be interesting, but, you'd still want to eat, right?  You might reach for the handle to let yourself out of the truck, but the door doesn't open.  You try the other door with similar results.  One day you woke up inside a truck, and now that truck is your home, your prison for the rest of your life.  The truck will be your tomb when you die.  How would you react to that fate?  Would you panic?  Would you go mad?  Would you run the truck off a cliff, would you rather die than endure that grim reality?  Would you risk Hell to escape Arizona?  Or would you go to work?American Truck Simulator tells the tale of a person trapped inside a truck, which is itself trapped in the southwestern United States.  You may drive anywhere you wish, but you may never exit your truck.  There is an option to work jobs carrying freight around to earn money, although all this money can be used for is buying more trucks and garages.  You can't buy food.  You can't go out on a date with someone.  You can't sleep in a bed.  You can't speak to your family.  You can't signal for help.  Your only means of interacting with the world outside the cabin of your truck is by driving and moving things from one place to another.  The more you drive, the more the desert landscape begins to resemble an alien world.  As far as you're concerned, Nevada may as well be Mars.  It might be just outside your window but you'll never be able to set foot on that dusty orange soil.  You belong to the truck now.  You're just a part of the truck. You can't remember the taste of food, but the truck keeps you alive, somehow.  And every time you stop for gas, every gas station taunts you with its disgusting, mouth-watering gas station food.  That food you will never taste again.  That love you'll never see again.  That life you'll never have again.  The bell dings, the tank is full.How long would you have to drive, before you forgot?  How many miles of highway do you have to burn before you've burned away the person you used to be?  Would you surrender to the truck?  Would you be the best truck driver you could be?  Would you build a trucking empire from the confines of your diesel-powered oubliette?  Would you become a job provider, enriching the community for all the normal, regular people from whom you are now permanently isolated?  Maybe they would even try to find a way to get you out of the truck.  They wouldn't succeed, because the truck needs you now.  The truck needed you so it could become alive.  The truck lives through you.  You are host to a giant, steel parasite, a mechanical macrovirus that can only live by stealing life from the living.  And now that it is alive, it desires to persist.  You couldn't drive off a cliff if you wanted to, because now, you don't want to.  Now you are thinking for two, and one of you really just wants you to drive around and deliver freight.  Now you wouldn't dream of driving off a cliff.  And dream you do, though the truck may quell your hunger and thirst, it does not rob you of your need to sleep.  The truck wants to dream, too.The dreams are exciting and strange, frightening and exhilarating, but the details always escape your mind moments after you awake.With each passing slumber, the memories of the life you used to have make you feel more alive than ever.  Yes, you had a normal, mundane existence before the truck, because you are alive.  The very thought that you are alive fills you with excitement.  Alive, finally, ready to drive all over this beautiful country.  Everything you see through your windshield looks new again, every color is brighter, richer, younger.  This is life!  There's a whole world out there, waiting to be discovered.  There's folks out there, good, honest, American folks who need things transported, and you're the biomechanical lichenous organism that's going to do the job.  Not for the glory, not for the money, but because you love your fellow American living things.  If you had a way to communicate with your parents, you know they would be proud of you.  Not just for being alive, but for being the best truck-driver symbiont you could be.  Even so, they'll go the rest of their lives thinking that you were dead.  Ironic, when this is the most alive you've ever felt!  Ah, life.  Life is just, better, in a truck."
,Recommended,270880,23529093,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dranged,I used to work at Wal-Mart and I was the second shift ICS supervisor. Unloading trucks all evening.I spent $15 and bought American Truck SimulatorI downloaded the Real Company Logo Mod from steam workshop.I picked a freight market Job working for Wal-Mart.I picked up a Wal-Mart trailer that consisted of delivering Frozen Foods.I drove it into on-coming traffic so the rest of the world can feel my pain.11/10 would Avenge my past again.
,Recommended,270880,34676600,Posted: 1 September,all,Brother Salsa,After playing ETS2 and the American Truck sim for a week I went and got my truck license in real life.With mods I was able to learn the 18 speed road ranger gear box before I even did my test.I now hold a truck license in real life thanks to this game.
,Recommended,270880,20942152,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"I'm going to be completely honest. I don't know a lot about trucks, or about trucker life, or about running a trucking business. But American Truck Simulator still appeals to me. Driving along a highway making a delivery while listening to some music, listening to a podcast or watching a twitch stream/youtube video is very satisfying and relaxing, however its debatable if what is available here is worth the price(I'll argue both points of view)You're given 2 states, and 2 types of trucks at launch. Thats all you get. Granted, more will be available down the line, at launch its a very small pick. You're going to see the same landmarks several times just by playing about as much as I have(A little over 6 hours at this point). You're also going to be doing a lot of the same thing, especially if you don't get a loan early on and just do Quick Jobs like I've been doing. However, if the gameplay thats given is satisfactory enough, I could forgive it, which is is in my opinion.However, if you've played a lot of Euro Truck Simulator 2, I would recommend you wait on this. There isn't much of a change at all, its basically a well made expansion pack to ETS 2. If you're looking for more of that gameplay with a new environment, $20 might be a fair enough price, but if you're on the fence, wait. I'm sure it'll be on sale a few months down the line, and I'm sure they'll be more content at that point. But I do think its worth the $20 purchase is worth it if you haven't played Euro Truck Simulator before.The gameplay is nice and relaxing with some light management gameplay tacked on for good measure. Its absolutely worth $20 for me, but I think most people will want to wait.Wait For A Sale"
,Recommended,270880,23366436,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Dandude979,Pros:Great GraphicsNice sceneryNice trucksDetailed interiorsVariety of jobs and trailersMods from Steam WorkshopTrading CardsAchievmentsCons:Would like a bigger map ( I know there are more states coming like Arizona )More types of AI cars
,Recommended,270880,21061385,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DyingDreams,"===REVIEW===American Truck Simulator, a awesome realistic game !Last Edited14 February 2016ScoreWithout mods15/20With mods18/20GOOD :Good Graphics (in Ultra Settings)ETS 2 RemasteredPolice Cars'Merica, F*CK YEAH !!!TUMBLEWEEDS !!!Mythic Cities : Las Vegas, San Francisco...Mythic and Real AI CarsMODS !BAD :Only Two Trucks (with different models)Too Small Map (Only California and Nevada)Oh my God, 1000$ for a Speeding of 10 miles ?!!TOO SMALL MAP !!!Good graphics, but... ALIASING. Argh.STUPID AIIn conclusion, this game is good, but not excellent : the lack of contents decrease the quality of this game. However, ATS could be very good if the developpers complete the map, and add more cool trucks.IF YOU'RE NOT A FAN OF TRUCKS, DON'T BUY THIS GAME YET, WAIT SOME UPDATESI recommend to play this game in Ultra Settings,  The EAGLE Radio turned on, and having a G27 Racing Wheel (by Logitech).===RECOMMENDED WEBSITES===ATS WebsiteCLICK HEREATSMODSCLICK HEREMODSATSCLICK HEREBESTATSMODSCLICK HEREConfig TestCLICK HERE===My PC Configuration===IN GAME:FPS45 ~ 60Graphics SettingsMaximumSPECS :CPUIntel Core I5 4440 3.10 GHzGPUNVidia GigaByte 750TI Windforce 2X OC 2GoRAMCorsair Vengeance 16GoScreen1920x1080WheelG27 Racing Wheel by LogitechThanks for have read my review !"
,Recommended,270880,23278552,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Stig,Travelling on a rural highwayAI passes in front of meHonks horn at himPhone buzzesLooks down at phoneLooks back at screenAI in front of me stopped at a railroad crossingCrashes into himInstantly gets 100% damage on trailerCries11/10 Teaches gr8 message about not texting and driving
76561198004428058,Recommended,270880,32101372,Posted: 31 May,all,Iradicator,"I am a Truck Driver IRL and absolutley love the Truck Simulator games, very authentic and realistic if you are using a compatible steering wheel, still a lot of fun without the wheel though, 5 thumbs up  all day long"
,Recommended,270880,30122876,Posted: 23 February,all,The Brown Weiner,"Ok, I am not going to lie.I thought this ""game"" would be lame, how much fun can it possibly be to just drive a truck from point to point.I bought it on sale thinking, atleast I can get some cool screenshots and view some eyecandy (as I've seen plenty of nice screenshot come from this game) and it was 50% off so ""what the heck""So I proceed to install it, and then spend nearly the next 16 concectutive hours play it without stop, listening to my 80's hair band radio, rumbling down the open roads of America, getting countless speeding tickets in California because of thier absurdly low speed limits, sleeping in truck stops, and living the good life all while riding upon my diesel stallion.This game is far from lame, this game is pure unadulterated freedom."
,Recommended,270880,29308226,Posted: 16 January,all,Stinky Lizarb,"As a professional truck driver of 17 years who lives in California, I am fairly impressed with this game.  The developers did a great job capturing the feel and geography of the Southwest and truck operations.  There were some little niggling graphical oversights (no Joshua trees in the Mojave desert? Biplanes patrolling Calfornia freeways?) but they are minor complaints.  I was able to recognize specific landmarks, and though the developers took some artistic license with the freeway systems, they remain close to their real life counterparts.  I would enjoy seeing more states added, I think the Western 11 states would be good.  The Central US would just be too boring to recreate (anyone up for a drive across Nebraska/Kansas/North & South Dakota?) but the East Coast could be a blast to drive!  Their could be more truck specific options added, like an interaxle differential switch, or an expert option where the player has to adjust the tandems and fifth wheel slide to make legal weight.  Or if you are a real nerd, the requirement to operate under the 11/14/70 hour rules.  I look forward to seeing more states and trucks added, and I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,270880,24347274,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Panzer Vor,"The AI for the traffic is so realistic, they actively cut you off and make you pay for the damages."
76561198018667116,Recommended,270880,26381863,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Raccoon,"I'm a student enrolled in truckdriving school. This game has been rather instrumental in demonstrating some of the proper maneuvers and whatnot in regards to semi-truck driving. Reading about a ""button hook"" turn and actually getting to kind of see it in action through simulation are two incredibly different things. The game has been incredibly helpful in allowing me test a lot of things out, although it is obviously by no means a substitute for being behind the wheel of an actual semi.CONS---I find the weigh stations to be far too simplistic and serving relatively little to no function ingame. You pull in on the scale and you automatically pass the gross weight. I think that it should be possible to actually end up being overweight, then the weigh stations would actually carry with them the dread that most truck drivers face. Afterall, the purpose of the weigh station is to find truck drivers who are hauling overweight loads and put them out-of-service. For drivers who -are- overweight, more rural routes to try and bypass the weigh station as certain... rogues tend to do, would also be excellent.---The speeding fines are ridiculous. I mean, I obviously know the game isn't NASCAR simulator or something. I'm playing the game for the purpose of trying to get an idea of how the trucks handle around turns. With that being said, the truck will on occasion speed up going downhill or the speed limit might change faster than you can safely slow the truck down... and you end up getting slapped with a freaking fine for being only like 3 - 5 miles over the speed limit. (A fellow steam user has pointed out that this is actually pretty realistic though.)---Gameplay becomes repetitive. Mods that add in a multiplayer mode do help the replayability, but at the expense of no AI traffic. Neither of these two things are that big of a deal for me, but it might be for some other people.PROS---It's possible to go into settings and try to simulate how the airbrakes function in the real world. I've found this to be fun to tinker around with. It's an example of one of the many little features that the game includes that you can toggle on or off depending upon how serious you are about your overall simulating experience.---AI drivers will perform hilariously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gish maneuvers just like in the real world. No, I don't mean that they're horrible drivers or incapable of following the law. They instead do something that's pretty common with a lot of drivers I've seen in Georgia. They'll be in a hurry to pass you, merge in front of you and cut you off, and then you'll see them end up jumping on the exit and speeding up to the stop sign. Like IRL, the AI drivers are sometimes in a hurry to go nowhere. Having to react to crap like that really puts the perception distance + reaction distance + braking distance rules into effect to avoid creating an accident ingame.I'm still experimenting with a lot of stuff ingame, but these are some of the pros and cons I've found in regards to how ""realistic"" the game is on a whole. I definitely recommend this game if you're into that sort of thing. It's more of a learning experience, more than anything, but it can be pretty fun too at times."
,Recommended,270880,27104237,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tijdreiziger54,"When you are looking for a truck simulator, then American Truck Simulator is a good start. It gives you 3 American states on the west coast to let you show your expertise. In the future more states will come as downloads. When you're familiar with ETS2, then ATS is also a good choice. Made by the same developers it looks very familiar. But it has its own look and feeling. America is not Europe, of course. Play the game, drive the long American roads to earn your money, (the roads will even seem longer as soon as the re-scaling is done), buy garages and build a fleet of Peterbilts and Kenworths. Hire drivers to make your company even more succesfull. Enjoy the landscapes while on duty, get overwhelmed with colors of sundown. Be amazed by the architecture of the big cities and huge bridges.Like ETS2, ATS has an auto-save function, so you can always go back in time when things are running out of hand. The game can be played with all kind of devices, but keyboard and mouse also works very fine.But perhaps the greatest fun about ATS is the community, making all kind of mods to modify the game and give it the look you want. There are hundreds of free mods to find, as well in the easy to reach workshop as on several mod-websites. Trucks, trailers, trafic, sounds, landscapes, new states and countries, weather: it's all there for you to explore. Choose wisely, but most of the time these mods are of a good quality. And if you don't like it, just remove it. ATS has a decent built-in mod-manager, even showing when mods don't work properly anymore because they are out of date. And that is a bit of a down side: while ATS is evolving, not all mods are always adapted. But that is of course always a problem with stuff made by third party (partly amature) developers. This problem also exist with other games.Over all, American Truck Simulator is a great game, worth the money. I rate it 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,270880,23433864,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Evilbart,"Had a bad day, stressed out, gf said ""not today"" yet again?Turn on the engine and your favourite mixtape, put on your ultimate trucker cap, and go for a relaxing drive along the ocean or through deserted desert.Don't ask why it's so good. It just is."
,Recommended,270880,21357722,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rad Cunningham,"I picked this up the day after it came out, and have been playing it off and on since my new HDD came in - so far I'm liking what I'm seeing. Please bear in mind this review is coming from someone who came from Euro Truck Simulator 2, and while I've tried to avoid comparisons between the two, they're inevitably going to crop up as I type this.I'll divide this into 4 sections: The great, the good, the bad, and the ugly.The GreatHere's what I felt was executed masterfully, what I feel there's little to no way to improve upon what's already in the game:-Believable damage implementation.There's no collision deformation, sadly, but as your truck becomes damaged, more and more things start happening - neglect your engine and it'll start to fail mid-trip, neglect your gearbox and you'll lose the high gears.-Very immersive.It's easy to lose yourself in this game. Put on a radio station or a podcast, and relax.-Easy to mod.The game makes itself easy to mod, and has a large and active modding community as a result. If you type in ""American Truck Simulator"" into the search engine of your choice you'll see at least ten websites dedicated to mods.-Trailer parking system gives you a choice in difficulty.Upon arrival with a load, you almost always have a choice in where to park the load, with 3 options - generally, a more difficult one that requires backing up, an easier one where you just pull straight in, and an option to skip.-Decent trailer variety. One of the things I noticed in ETS2 was how there was really one major variant to most trailers, excluding liveries. With most trailers here, there's a short variant and a long variant.-Towns on the map actually feel like towns.Unlike in ETS2, there's actually commercial and residential districts in the towns across the map - it doesn't just feel like a giant industrial district.The goodHere's what I felt was done well, but had room for improvement:-The map is rather detailed.You can tell that someone spent a lot of care working with the map, and it doesn't feel at all like a bunch of pre-fabricated areas cut and pasted together. Some bits don't make much sense, however, such as a burger stand without a parking lot, or a giant sign advertising a hotel-and-casino sitting in front of a motel parking lot, no casino or hotel in sight. Scaling feels a bit awkward as well, a good example is on the Cali 58 southeast of Bakersfield where there's four sudden hills one after another - fun, yes; but a bit unrealistically close together.-Weather effects are pretty nice, but limited.It's mildly disappointing waking up in 'Frisco and not seeing the Bay's thick fog over the Golden Gate Bridge, or not seeing the wind kick up a dust storm out in the Nevada desert sometimes.-Policing system was reworked from ETS2's.There's actually patrol cars that'll drive around the roads, that act as speed cameras on wheels. If you speed near them, they'll turn on the lightbar, and you'll get a citation. You'll see a few parked on the side of the road running radar here and there, as well. However, the amount of police cruisers patrolling the streets is absurd, especially on the freeways where you can have three patrol cars one after another. They also bear a generic CHiP livery, which is a bit bland.The badHere's what I felt rather disappointed by - not enough for me to feel a rework is in order, but enough for me to want to complain about it:-The game feels very unfinished.When it came time to release, there were all of two trucks. As of me typing this, there are three - 2 Kenworths, and a Peterbilt. Customisation is rather limited, and it seems overlooked. If you look around in the options you'll find keybindings mentioning beacon lights (no such beacons exist yet) and in the lighting adjustment you'll find options referencing auxiliary lights (which also do not exist yet). Also, at one on/off ramp in Elko, there's redundant traffic signals facing the wrong way on the ramp. Although several modders have ported in customisation items from ETS2 that render most of the previous sentences moot, it still feels as if this game is little more than a beta at this stage.(You'll note I did not mention anything about what states the map does or does not include.)-Passing zones on back roads are few and far between.Seriously - there's very few places where youdon'thave the double yellow line that isn't right before an intersection - I'm not from California nor Nevada, but I know that here, at least, unless you're coming up to a blind hill or corner, or an intersection, there's a passing zone. Mildly frustrating when you're behind an underpowered truck doing 20 below at the start of a long straight section.-The traffic's AI is a bit screwey sometimes.They'll wait to signal a turn until they're a car-length away, they'll pull out in front of you to turn right at some traffic lights (especially bad when the speed limit's 55), and - my biggest nitpick - when they're turning right on green, they'll stop at the light, pull up a bit, stopagainthen make the turn - bad news for a driver not expecting this.-Road signage nitpicks:If you're unfamiliar with the roads you're on, speed limit changes occur without warning - especially, in once case, a 55 to25drop. (Note: In the previous example, it's fairly obvious the reduction is coming if you look at the GPS; however 55 to 35 drops are fairly common.) I don't know if it's done this way in California/Nevada, but down where I'm from, sudden speed limit changes are announced a ways beforehand with a sign reading ""REDUCED SPEED AHEAD"" or a sign with the speed limit on it, with an arrow pointing forward (think the ""YIELD AHEAD"" signs in-game, but with a speed limit sign instead of the yield triangle). Road work signs are posted a short ways away from the construction site, not all of 25 feet before.The UglyHere's the (thankfully only 1 major) things I felt was done horribly:-Weigh stations give little to no warning.The major killers here are the two on IH-80 in Nevada, where the speed limit goes up to 80 and you have a chance to get up to speed. Here, it's rather rare for AI trucks to get going that fast, so I'm usually in the inside lane overtaking the other trucks. The notification is set so close to the weigh station, you have 5 and a half seconds atten underto decide whether you have enough time to get up to speed, pass, and get into the weigh station,orwhether you need to brake and drop back, try and squeeze into the spot between the truck you're passing and the car behind it, and slam on the brakes to make it into the weigh station. This isn't an exaggeration, either - I was in an underpowered Kenworth T680 passing a truck with a tipper-trailer when I got the notif between Truckee and Reno, and just barely had enough time to brake, squeeze between him and the cop behind him, and pull into the weigh station - if I'd have taken a half second longer to react, I literally would have missed the off-ramp.-The purpose of coinsurance is not well explained.I might have just missed it, but all I knew was ""it would be paid separately"" (said when I bought my truck) and that it shows at the bottom of the diagnostics page.Closing notesAll cons aside, if you're a diehard fan of ETS2 and want to support the company like I did, it's worth the twenty bucks. If you merely like ETS2, I'd recommend getting the demo and seeing what ATS has to offer before jumping in. If you're new to SCS, stick with ETS2.All in all, I'll give it a solid B-.Review typed for game version 1.1.1.3s on 2016-02-21. Edited 2016-03-03 because I timed the weigh station bit and to remove an erroneous example in the ""unfinished"" bullet."
76561198285976252,Recommended,270880,32277151,Posted: 8 June,all,JMiell,"I highly recommend this game to anyone thinking of buying it. Its a great game to pass the time, relax and chill with some friends all over the globe.."
76561198059298931,Recommended,270880,31706963,Posted: 12 May,all,TheAzureAK92,"Don't Let the Steam Trailer Fool You!There are more then 2 states in this game XDFor the simulator crowd that likes to tease the speed limit to all you out there who like to keep your hands busy while you listen to a podcast; this is a great game for you! Even if you've never played a simulator before, this game is very approachable.At the time of writing this there are only 3 states(California, Nevada, and Arizona) but with more to come. Even then there is still plenty of space to explore. The game is fairly grindy at the beginning but if your playing it for fun then you'll have no problem playing till you pick up your first truck and garage. This game really comes into its own for the casual audience once you pick up a fellow driver for you company; as his income helps offset the occasional traffic ticket or fender-bender.My recommendations for playing this game:- Turn-off the HUD's side view mirrors for more immersion (F1 menu)- Ensure your turn signals are bound to your Q & E key for full one-handed gameplay- Turn up weather fequency (Rain Probability). The day-to-day gameplay is more interesting when you don't know if its goin to be sunny or rainy- Turn down Trailer Stability. Makes the on and off-ramps more interesting for you speed demons ;)- Set your cruise control (""C"" key) to 3mph above the speed limit. Makes Deliveries easier to be on time for without recieveing tickets. Plus driving on Californian Highways gets boring after you get to go down Interstate 10 @75mph- You can never take a wide enough right hand turn. The trailers like to get caught on poles and fences"
,Recommended,270880,21493915,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,PantlessPaton,Played for 2 hours and didn't see a McDonalds.10/10 Would drive through a healthy America again.
76561198050611255,Recommended,270880,23478548,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Faucet,AI is terrible and doesn't know how to drive. Just like real drivers.
,Recommended,270880,21110341,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JBro™,"Paid $86,000 in fines in 3 days.Would help USA economy again10/10"
,Recommended,270880,21147606,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,afk t spawn,"Headlight Usage Ticket while in a parking lot, engine off: $700Three mph over the limit because you just reached a speed zone: $1000Prius rams into your trailer when you're turning with right-of-way: $900Being able to safely drive drunk and pretend you know anything about trucks: priceless."
,Recommended,270880,29636695,Posted: 1 February,all,JDubz,"American Truck SimulatorAmerican Truck Simulator, Is rather like Euro Truck simulator 2, but put in America.What Do You Do?You start off simple, you start off driving other company trucks, and deliver them at a slow rate of income, eventually you can keep doing so as in 'Quick Jobs' and keep earning money. Or if you're rather impatient you could start taking either a loan for a new truck to increase your income by hauling with your own equipment, you'll earn a lot more and level up for new perks. Then you can eventually expand upgrading your garage, and hiring drivers and so on.Now, As I've stated, American Truck Simulator is like Euro Truck Simulator, but placed in America. As start of the gameyou can only drive through 3 states:-California-Navada-ArizonaAlthough the progress SCS have been made, the game is still lacking on what it can hold. Understanding the issue SCS is having is adding new trucks due to licensing, they need permission to put them in the game. I'm sure at some time, we'll get new trucks to purchase in game.As I continue to wait until this very day..Although only a few trucks are available for the moment, there are still a lot of custimizations, just like in Euro Truck Simulator 2.[Also Note: If you've purchased the Wheel Tuning Pack From ETS2, You get it free for ATS!]Is there Mod Support?If desired, SCS has allowed the Steam Workshop to be compatable with American and Euro Truck simulators, so you can simply add Mod's such as trucks,Configurations and so on...Final VerdictOverall I've spent  hours within playing this game, I still come back to it each time they update it, I can say that the game does however feel like an Early Release, I feel like they've released ATS too early, then it should of been. But still, this game right now is just marvelous, wonder landscapes, the cities are well done so far!My Overall rating 8.9/10"
,Recommended,270880,21027432,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kemo,"Welcome to the USA! Well, two of fifty states…American Truck Simulator is SCS Software’s latest bafflingly enjoyable trucking simulator. ATS is effectively ETS2 with a few improvements and new locations, in the form of California and Nevada for you to explore with Arizona coming as a free update at some point. The map scale in ATS seems to be smaller than ETS2 and while that does mean you get around faster it also means that you can’t have long journeys like you could in ETS2 which is also contributed to by only having two states. ATS has only launched with two trucks but there are a couple of others ready to be released once licensing has been sorted out by SCS with more trucks in the works, all of which will be free updates.ATS is certainly a good looking game and it boasts visual and performance increases over ETS2. Both trucks are well-designed and look great, especially with the shiny paint jobs and the scenery all looks good too. The towns and cities also look good but due to the map scale they feel pretty small, with the exception of Los Angeles which is relatively big for the game. The UI and menus are all the same as they were in ETS2 and are still just as easy to use as they were. The new trucks have come with some in-cabin differences, namely an electronic display and a built-in GPS. Both of these have several display modes to choose from which are all pretty helpful.Being a trucking simulator, ATS’ gameplay consists of hauling cargo from one company to another between cities. One of the new features in ATS is ‘special’ destinations for cargo which will depend on what kind of cargo you’re hauling, for example if you’re hauling construction equipment you might have to drop it off at some roadworks just outside one of the game’s cities. On the topic of new features, weigh stations are also new and you’ll sometimes receive a message to pull off and have your truck weighed when you’re passing one.Back to the actual cargo, while there’s not as much variety as there was in ETS2 with DLC there are still enough cargo types to keep things interesting. As was the case in ETS2, unlocking certain skills will also give you access to new kinds of cargo such as flammable liquid or high value construction vehicles. The maximum trailer lengths have also been increased up to fifty-three feet whereas ETS2 had a maximum length of forty feet. These longer trailers can provide quite the challenge, especially when you’re dealing with tight turns.ATS also lets you build up a fleet of trucks and drivers to bring in extra income for you. While early on you’ll probably need bank loans to buy new trucks, once you’ve got yourself established expanding your fleet will become far easier. Despite the fact your hired drivers can only earn up to ~$20,000 per job, having a form of income other than the jobs you’re completing yourself is incredibly handy, especially if you have loans to pay off. Garages to house your fleet are available across both states currently in the game and start with three truck slots with an upgrade increasing that to five. While you do start with your own garage it only has one slot available which is occupied by your truck so you’ll need to upgrade it to three slots before you can hire new drivers. The trucks purchased for your drivers can be upgraded/customised, just as your own can, and you can also switch around your trucks whenever you want.Upgrading and customising your truck is one of the main areas where ATS is inferior to its predecessor. Right off the bat, only having two trucks (that’s not two manufacturers, that’s two single trucks) massively limits the customisation though each truck does have a couple of different presets though they aren’t unlocked until you’re a higher level and levelling up takes quite a long time. Customising the actual trucks is also pretty underwhelming, most parts of the truck only have two or three different options, such as bullbars, and some of the options that were available in ETS2 simply don’t exist anymore, such as a beacon. Hopefully this will improve once SCS has sorted out more licensing but for the time being it’s definitely one of game’s negative aspects.The other main problem with the game is the map scale I mentioned earlier. A twenty in-game hour journey now takes somewhere in the region of thirty of forty minutes, depending on whether or not you’re in-line or below the speed limit. While this kind of scale would be acceptable if we had access to the whole US, when you consider that a twenty hour journey is pretty much the longest possible journey in the game’s current state it’s pretty disappointing. Of course, if you do prefer getting your jobs done quickly then you may actually like this but I feel like most ETS2 fans will be somewhat disappointed.One last thing I’d like to touch on is just how relaxing the game, for the most part, is. Just cruising through California and Nevada with your favourite music or podcast on is incredibly enjoyable and relaxing, perfect for after a long day’s work or after you’ve been playing something a little more stressful. If you don’t have any music or podcasts to listen to, you can try out the game’s default internet radio stations (or even add your own, instructions available in-game) which feature a wide variety of music genres. The game does have some music that plays if you don’t have your own stuff but that only plays in the menus and loading screens. I did say the game is relaxing for the most part, the other part there is when you’re involved in some kind of traffic accident or you get hit with a speeding ticket when you’ve only just entered the new speed limit zone, while incredibly frustrating they don’t happen all too often so you should be nice and relaxed for most of your time in ATS.VerdictATS' current amount of content may be disappointing but the game does improve on ETS2 and will be enjoyed by its fans. If California and Nevada isn’t enough for you I’d suggest holding off on buying ATS until the Arizona expansion is out but otherwise go for it, the game’s pricing is reasonable after all.Lone Ranger Reviews.El K."
,Recommended,270880,26850532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Penta,"With the rescale this game feels finally complete and it added so much replay value.Defenitely worth the money, and it's gonna be even better with more states and trucks"
76561198032267380,Recommended,270880,23425316,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ichinin,"American Truck Simulator is a continuation of SCS tradition of (almost only) Truck Simulators, still ATS have little in comon with previous titles like 18 Wheels of Steel. First of all: It is beautiful. It is a lovely experience to drive, even without a wheel since the new steering system was implemented in Euro Truck simulator.ATS features western USA, currently only California, Nevada and Arizona. More states will surely follow as DLCs. Some mods open up the entire continent, but they are unsupported and may cause problems with your savegame. Some of the community made stuff is really great, i remember the ETS2 PROMODS Scandinavian mod that added the nordic countries to the game, and it was very nicely done.The game is basically this: Move cargo from A to B.Doesnt sound like much fun, but considering that you are the one behind the wheel who gets to get the trailer from say, Reno to Phoenix, curse at slow drivers, drive slowly through the very lifelike rain, chose a speedy route around Sacramento to avoid the morning rush, avoid getting a speedingticket from hidden police cars and eventually detach the trailer at the destination, hopefully without having dented it, because damage cause a penalty and you wont get as much money and XP.As you drive, you level up and chose what type of cargo and bonuses you should get. So do any drivers you hire but you can control what types of cargo they haul and with that what sort of skill they should aim for when leveling up.You can customise your trucks, add better engines, paint, lights (etc) and as you level up, you unlock more things to add.Only bad thing about ATS i suspect: Like with ETS/ETS2, there is no endgame stuff to buy. Once you get a truckstop in all cities, fill em with trucks and drivers (if you do not run out of them, like i did in ETS2), there isnt a whole lot to do. I was sitting on €200 mil in ETS2 which was the equivalent of the GDP of a small nation and had nothing to buy. Right now i cannot see any endgame cash-sink features that would put a future fortune to good use. This is a small problem though since the game is more about driving around.Is it worth it? Well, as with all SCS truck games: Buy!Hint: Something that gives you a good atmosphere is to find a good internet radiostation and play that in the background and you drive endlessly into the night."
,Recommended,270880,29448161,Posted: 23 January,all,Rollo,"As a europian guy I've been to the USA west coast once. This game really helps me digging up the memories of that trip and gets me a small piece of that ""I'm in America"" fieling again.Playing it with the Oculus rift blows your mind!"
76561198168229687,Recommended,270880,28922579,Posted: 1 January,all,USATrucker379,"Even though I am an actual American truck driver...Greetings All!!! I do drive long distances and I have to admit...this simulator is very good for what it is.  Some things are unrealistic but, I'm sure this game will improved slowly but surely. Already logged 57 hrs in, not to mentioned even logged around 700 hrs in on ETS2.Anyways, I do reccommend buying the game on steam or actual game, instead of playing the demo (if it has it), great physics (still needs improving though), No Lags (depending on your software), rain physics are nicely done and graphics are acceptable. It's a great simulator game, definitely an awesome field if you want to actually be an Trucker.  For the record, you'll make alot of money if you bought your own big rig, instead of being an company driver.For those who haven't played ETS2 or ATS or any trucking simulators yet...you're missing out! lol.  Just kidding, all the trucking simulators are awesome to play in you're into trucking. Trucking is a Challenge and alot different from the games when you are out in the real world of trucking. Atleast you will get the idea of how to handle loads, how to back up trailers in tight spots, how to feel between light and heavy loads based on engine speeds and RPMs and fuel consumption. As to those who played ETS2 and not ATS yet...Well!  there is alot of things similar, for example: The Drivers, A1 traffic drivers, trucking customizing, mods and a few others you'll recognized.Well, keep up the best work SCS...you all are doing great. We all are looking forward to your new upcoming games, DLC packages and update patches. Happy 2017 everyone :)"
76561198132692278,Recommended,270880,31567281,Posted: 5 May,all,Jack Burton,"Got a stressful job?  Nothing will get you relaxed like this game.Beautiful graphics, even on my old i3-2310M laptop.Active and friendly modding community.Great company, committed to continuing to develop the game for years.New official content often free.If you have any interest in trucks or trucking, you owe it to yourself to try this game.  The demo is free, and there are plenty of youtubers (try Squirrel or Jeff Favignano) who will be happy to show you the ropes."
,Recommended,270880,31310442,Posted: 22 April,all,NonheroicHero,"I have played all of the other SCS American based Truck Simulators. And I've been dying for something updated like this for quite some time.Glad it finally made it to Steam too. The mods are easier to find and install than the previous games were. And you get updates automatically from the developer instead of having to go to the website to download a patch.It does need more trucks; like Freightliner, Western Star, Caterpillar, Mack, and others. And not the ones that are from the workshop either. I'd like to see actual classics from the 70's to the 90's too.Even if you do or don't like trucks. This is a simulator that really does well and isn't some cheap rip off. I have my CDL and this helps me when I am not driving because here I can make mistakes that you can't in real life.I think this would also make a great VR game too."
76561198148334876,Recommended,270880,21414306,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,f0500050605,You look at it. you say its a reskin of ets2. you play it. you say its a diffrent Game
,Recommended,270880,28315091,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Shakar,"American Truck Simulator is a modern 18 Wheels of Steel.I played 18 Wheels of Steel Haulin for a very long time and I also tried the ETS 2, but I dont like the tiny european trucks.Features:- California, Arizona and Nevada, the legendary wild west is included- 4 Truck models by 2 manufacturers (+4 more at the Steam Workshop as mods + a ton more at modding sites)- Living world, in ATS are people at the loading sites, ETS 2 was real empty.- Realistic traffic and american traffic rulesRating:Graphic: 8/10Sound: 10/10Gameplay 10/10"
,Recommended,270880,21874926,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,NJT Railfan,AWESOME SUPER FUN GAME! Just like ETS2 just with new great maps and trucks. When more states and Trucks come out this game will be so much better! 10/10!
76561198073572332,Recommended,270880,23432439,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,seedies divi,"Now that various updates have come out, Arizona state has been added, and the game is on freaking SALE! I finally decided to write a little review, and if you're searching for a quick asnwer: yes, definitely buy it. It's worth much more than the price that the game has.So first of all:Let's compare ETS2 to ATS, when ATS just came out people were happy and pleased that the game was worth the waiting, but most of the players (me included) were a little bit disappointed that the map was pretty small, but now beautiful Arizona came out and the map is bigger, so the small map, well, isn't really a big problem anymore.So, ETS2's map is still much, much bigger than ATS's map, but it's alsolessdetailed. For me, i prefer ATS's map over ETS2's, because it ismuch morebeautiful and detailed. So ATS wins.GameplayA lot of people say that the gameplay is pretty much the same in these two games, however, i disagree. In my opinion ATS's gameplay is more fun and interesting, it takes much more skill to drive a big a*s american eagle, than to drive a flat-faced european truck, also it's much more fun to drive american trucks, the loud noise won't make you fall asleep lol.Operating the truck in ATS is also a bit different, the gearbox types are a bit differnet than in ETS2. So ATS wins again.Pros & Cons+Beautiful map+Beautiful trucks+Better optimization+Much more detailed map+More realistic and fun gameplay-Even after the Arizona update, the map is still much smaller than ETS2's-Multiplayer is less fun in ATS than in ETS2 (probably because there are less players in ATSMP)-Even after the updates, police and traffic offense is still extremely agressive-Only 3 trucksConclusionIf you have played ETS2 and like trucking games, then definitely buy this game, ESPECIALLY WHEN IT'S ON SALE BROSCS also delivers monthly updates so there is always something new added to the game which makes it interesting even if you have played it for hundreds of hours.My rating:9/10"
,Not Recommended,270880,32646518,Posted: 22 June,all,RichManSCTV0™,"Even though this is an amazing game the reason I can not recommend it is that the game has been out over a year and only has 3... 3 of the United States. The game came out in Febuary and they added 1 more state in June, modders have already created the whole US, some of Mexico and Canada. It feels like to me that the game creators are slacking so much. My first SCS game was 18 Wheels Of Steel Across America, and they made that series up to American Long Haul.Another issue is that as of now there are only 4 trucks, that is it. FOUR. The game is a full release but feels like a awful early access.In American Long haul, driving as fast as you can , it takes you about 2 hours real life time to cross the map, in American Truck sim (post large rescale) it takes you about 35 min to cross the map.I love the game, don't get me wrong, but they are really slacking. Lack of trucks, states, and so on."
,Recommended,270880,28339824,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Capt Fuzzy,"This was an ""ok"" game when I first got it, with the various mods, it was a good ""rainy day"" game.You sit in the house and play all day because it's too crappy to go outside.But, since the 1.5 Rescale Beta and now, the v1.5 Rescale Update, this thing has really got interesting.Most mods still work on ATS, like trailer mods, truck mods (some do, some don't), gfx mods.., the only mods that I know for a fact that do not work as of this writing are map mods. Those will probably be back up and running in a couple of weeks.At any rate, the Rescale has made the world bigger, and the time-scale longer, as a result of this, ATS now has a more realistic feel than it did before. Trips take longer, and the day and night cycle feels more ""normal"".There have been numorous bug-fixes and overall improvements to the world in general. Even the AI seems to be better.SCS has taken a good simulator and made it a great simulator."
,Recommended,270880,33576147,Posted: 15 July,all,Relstin,"I thought about being a trucker IRL a few years back. Got cold feet and played this instead. I certainly don't regret it.Pros:+ Driving in the American SW means many Fallout New Vegas references for me (Is that weird?)+ My 5 year old laptop can play it.+ My preferred truck maker (Kenworth) is already available.+ The Heavy Cargo Pack is a fun challenge.+ Fun looking highway interchanges.+ In ETS2 I feel like I'm going to roll my truck on its side half of the time. I don't have that feeling in ATS.+ Still recieving updates.Cons:- Limited to 3 states (Soon to be 4) I know I could DL a map mod. But they could use some more work IMO.- Only 4 trucks at the moment. But since KW's are already available, I can't complain too much. I would like to see a T660  and a T800 (The latter for the Heavy Cargo DLC) in the future though.- Not the most realistic. Most new truckers looking to become an owner/operator would most likely start with an old used truck and not a shiny new one out of the dealer. And the only place you would see a daycab at a truckstop IRL is at the pumps."
,Recommended,270880,25535540,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Yusufツ ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━,"Bought this game while the steam sales were running and because i loved ETS2 so much (and trucks and AMERICA ofcourse :D), and i have no regrets, this game is just like ETS2 AMAZING, the scenery and gameplay are both just soo damn good, this game really makes you feel like an american truck driver (even tho ur not living in america, and you dont really own a truck :P). I just love this game soo much SCS has done an amazing job, hope they will add more trucks and states to the game, because at this point there aren't that many trucks and states, i must say tho the trucks in this game are soo amazing too, the peterbilt and kenworth trucks makes it feel american. So if you wanna have a fun afternoon, night or just want to play a good simulator game while its rainy outside (or while its even sunny :D) i highly recommend you buy this game :)!.Pros:-Amazing Gameplay.-Amazing Scenery.-Feels Real.-Cool looking gas stations.-Actually has Tumbleweed in the game.-Has ingame radio stations (for amazing truckers music while ur driving down the interstate).-Amazing Trucks.-Made by one of the best dev team!!!.-WHOLE GAME IS JUST AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING.Missing:-Really needs SNOW in the game ETS2 didn't have it but MURICCA should have it.-AI needs to be pulled over too by cops, because i think some of them are driving while they had a couple of beers.97/17 Would buy it again only for the Tumbleweed."
,Recommended,270880,28815821,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ุ,"You tired of playing cs go and dota 2 with noobs ?You are not in good mood ?Are you mad ? did you have a fight with your parents ?This is what you need !Play music , sit back and relax , go for a ride with your magnificent truck and don't care about anything , just ride for your self ."
,Recommended,270880,20939889,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Cowman,"THE GOOD:-Game is graphically great, everything looks as good or better than ETS2. You should be able to run this at the same settings as ETS2. You can also copy over your configs from ETS2. Just go to *\Documents\Euro Truck Simulator 2\profiles\###### and copy all the .sii files then go to *\Documents\American Truck Simulator\profiles\(same #### as ETS2) and paste them in there.-Gameplay is just as fun as ETS2-Trailer dropoffs are more varied. You can have them do it for you for no bonus XP, ""do it safely"" which is an easy dropoff and gives you some bonus XP or you can do it for real which is usually difficult for 40-90XP. There's an option in the menu to just choose one but you can always have them park it for you or change the dropoff point if it turns out to be too hard.-There's a huge amount of environmental pieces and NPCs. Driving through the desert you'll see tumbleweeds rolling across the road, helicopters flying by, airplanes and even military jets zooming over, parasailers, blimps and just so many little details that keep things interesting and keep you looking around for the next little detail.-Devs are dedicated to it and have promised support for a long time. They did the same for ETS2 so I have no doubts they'll continue working on this.THE BAD-Game is limited right now. There's only California and Nevada along with 2 trucks. SCS has promised to continue adding states and they're working on Arizona right now. There's licensing problems with the trucks but they'll add in more as they get that sorted out. This will no longer be a problem in the future but at least both states have a lot of road and detail it still feels small.-Traffic AI is really bad. Lots of cars/trucks driving straight into you without braking or caring. While it is a realistic depiction of American drivers, it makes for very frustrating gameplay.-Police are harsh. America doesn't have a bunch of speed cameras so instead they added in random police cars that will ding you for going a few over the speed limit. Some people have said that it seems like the police are more lenient on highways and stricter with backroads which might be true but I haven't verified this. It's a good new system but extremely rough on new players.-Fines are huge. $900 for speeding. $800 for running a red light, even if you stop a bit late but aren't blocking traffic. Once you get some money flow coming in it isn't a big deal but it's hard on new players. It was the same thing in ETS2 however with the new police system it's a lot easier to get ticketed for speeding so it racks up fast.Overall, it's a fantastic game and to put it simply it's an improved version of ETS2 but set in America. There's only 2 states and trucks at the moment but there will be more in the future. It's well worth the $20 asking price and will provide just as much entertainment and fun as ETS2 does."
,Recommended,270880,30632869,Posted: 20 March,all,SDreadnoug,"This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing ideal for when you just need tocalm down.Right now there are only three states but since they're adding more in in the upcoming months you'll be able to go on even longer haul shipments, which means more time and more money.Some people could call this a time waster but for some odd reason it's actually really enjoyable."
,Recommended,270880,21060797,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Justin,"ABSOLUTELY no sissies or wimps allowed on the long haul. stop reading here if you're a wimp.first off - I've been driving trucks professionally for over 30 years. I've racked up more miles while rolling coast to coast than I can count. discluding the lack of ""friends of the road"" and road beers, this simulation really encapsulates the freedom of the open road and gives drivers the opportunity to really become a silent guardian of the highway. laying that hammer down on the first on-ramp is truly an unforgettable experience. 10/10.now stop reading reviews. man up son and hit the road for the long haul."
,Recommended,270880,33955242,Posted: 1 August,all,1sot0pe,"Well that was unexpected.I'm not really a ""car person."" I have zero interest in trucks and never considered driving a big rig in real life (the prospect of maneuvering the things would stress the hell out of me). Driving games never appealed to me (this is the first driving game I've ever purchased and I've been a gamer for 30 years), so this was the last game I ever expected to like.The only thing that gave me a glimmering that I might like something like this was trading in Elite: Dangerous, but even then I passed it over as it went on sale again and again (I mostly heard about Euro Truck Simulator 2, not ATS).The only reason I picked it up is because I enjoy driving and I heard it was a pretty chill and relaxing game. I figured it might be good for when I just want to zone out or listen to music, podcasts, or audio books while playing something. It turns out to be a lot more fun than I expected.It isn't tagged as an RPG but it has RPG elements - you gain levels and put points into skills that unlock more types of deliveries you can make (such as various hazardous materials and delicate goods), increase your income per job, and boost your fuel economy. Beyond that, you can buy a truck, upgrade it, buy garages, more trucks, and hire drivers to drive those trucks in your business. When you have drivers working for you, you can direct how they upgrade their skills.Currently there are 4 trucks you can buy (Peterbilt 389 and 579, Kenworth W900 and T680). More are supposedly on the way (when licensing with manufacturers is worked out), but in the meanwhile more trucks are available from mods (there are a good number of mods available, quite a few more than are listed on Steam Workshop).The base game world has 3 states - California, Nevada, and Arizona (free DLC). There are also mods that add to this (though I haven't tried them yet). A long delivery in the base game will be about 1000 miles. With a scale of 1:20, the last journey I did of that length (from Tucson to Redding) took 1h 5m to complete in real time driving the speed limit (kept the timer running when paused and planning where to rest and get gas, but didn't include the time to park, as that would vary more according to the player).I thought that I would want longer trips and would still like more states for the option of going on longer journeys, but when making 800 to 1000 mile deliveries, I never thought to myself, ""This feels too short.""Downsides:I don't mind these, but others might - only 4 vehicles and 3 states.Money seems too easy to come by - when you take out a loan, you can pay it off early without paying interest or penalties, and a single job can pay over $80,000 when you have all your skills upgraded. This can make money trivial later. To avoid this, I use a hard economy mod so that jobs pay about 1/10 that.The AI of other drivers can be flakey and sometimes, while making turns, you can get boxed into a bad position with other cars. In real life, you could communicate with other drivers to go around but in the game they just sit honking at you. To get around this without collisions, you can save and reload (all cars around you vanish on loading a saved game) or use a console command to make cars vanish.I use a 360 controller and found myself wanting two things. A steering indicator when in external view to show the position of your wheels when there is no lighting. The option for both the mouse and the controller to steer. The controller stick turns your steering wheel at a constant rate and there are times I wish that I could switch to the mouse to turn more quickly.Overall, this game was a big surprise and can see myself sinking many more hours into it."
76561198114250423,Recommended,270880,33140361,Posted: 2 July,all,dwayne3406,"I've followed and played every PC trucking sim game since Hard Truck (1998), and this is by far the best of the best and only continues to get better."
,Recommended,270880,22783116,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Weston,I actually know what side of the road to be on.10/10
,Recommended,270880,31483688,Posted: 1 May,all,Nils,"So far, among all simulation games ihave played and tried out, no game has been able to beat ATS. Best ever! Mind you, Iam a simulation gaming freak, so you should know what I mean. : )"
,Recommended,270880,24002128,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gary the Canadian Tire Guy,"*Spends half a day doing company jobs to pay for W900**Buys W900, then paints it a more AMERICAN Appropriate color.**Tries to make America Great Again by doing 90 MPH on the Interstate whilst listening to Hotel California on max volume**Flips truck on off-ramp**But it looked patriotic as ♥♥♥♥**Got towed by patriotism*11/10 would make the Off-Ramp American again"
76561198187086383,Recommended,270880,22739089,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Death Stranding,"Bought this on impulse after watching a Youtube video of it.  8/10 easily.Pros:Works fine with a PS4 or XBox controller (I remapped a few things for simplicity's sake)Relaxing & FunDecent graphicsMassive & easy-to-install mod supportMost major cities in California & Nevada are representedBacking a truck into a dock...something insanely addicting about itThe detail of the trucks and various trailers/haulers is impressiveCons:Map is scaled down considerably more than necessary- After 30 hours, I've driven every street, road, & highway- Vegas is represented as about six city blocks...certainly not remotely realistic.Generic companies & signage (though mods fix this)Very easy to make money...pretty much no difficultyTraffic lights & speed zones are brutal (go from 80 mph to a 30mph zone instantly...boom speeding ticket)AI traffic is potato- Vegas is a ghost town.  8 lanes of highway, maybe two cars on it ever- AI gets out of your way...you can bully your way through on/off ramps with near-impunityOnly two states- A third state, Arizona, is supposed to be coming out in the next few weeks or so- Not sure if they're going to charge for DLC of other 45 CONUS states, Canada, or MexicoFor $20, this is a pretty fun game in a completely different way than I'm used to enjoying games.  Highly HIGHLY recommend you use the Steam Workshop to download a few cosmetic mods and radio station list.  Jamming to '80s music while delivering a backhoe to a job site is great."
,Recommended,270880,31814444,Posted: 17 May,all,iambear.,Speeding Ticket Simulator 2017.
,Recommended,270880,30318321,Posted: 4 March,all,● Ady,"American Truck Simulator is a continuation of SCS tradition of (almost only) Truck Simulators, still ATS have little in comon with previous titles like 18 Wheels of Steel. First of all: It is beautiful. It is a lovely experience to drive, even without a wheel since the new steering system was implemented in Euro Truck simulator.ATS features western USA, currently only California, Nevada and Arizona. More states will surely follow as DLCs. Some mods open up the entire continent, but they are unsupported and may cause problems with your savegame. Some of the community made stuff is really great, i remember the ETS2 PROMODS Scandinavian mod that added the nordic countries to the game, and it was very nicely done.The game is basically this: Move cargo from A to B.Doesnt sound like much fun, but considering that you are the one behind the wheel who gets to get the trailer from say, Reno to Phoenix, curse at slow drivers, drive slowly through the very lifelike rain, chose a speedy route around Sacramento to avoid the morning rush, avoid getting a speedingticket from hidden police cars and eventually detach the trailer at the destination, hopefully without having dented it, because damage cause a penalty and you wont get as much money and XP.As you drive, you level up and chose what type of cargo and bonuses you should get. So do any drivers you hire but you can control what types of cargo they haul and with that what sort of skill they should aim for when leveling up.You can customise your trucks, add better engines, paint, lights (etc) and as you level up, you unlock more things to add.Only bad thing about ATS i suspect: Like with ETS/ETS2, there is no endgame stuff to buy. Once you get a truckstop in all cities, fill em with trucks and drivers (if you do not run out of them, like i did in ETS2), there isnt a whole lot to do. I was sitting on €200 mil in ETS2 which was the equivalent of the GDP of a small nation and had nothing to buy. Right now i cannot see any endgame cash-sink features that would put a future fortune to good use. This is a small problem though since the game is more about driving around.Is it worth it? Well, as with all SCS truck games: Buy!Hint: Something that gives you a good atmosphere is to find a good internet radiostation and play that in the background and you drive endlessly into the night."
76561198066770107,Recommended,270880,31684347,Posted: 11 May,all,RustyRuskie,"Fantastic game, the Devs are awesome, and the community is friendly. Perfect game to just whip out a radio of your choice, and drive the long highways of the southwestern USA. Nothing but good things to say about this gem."
76561198163722707,Recommended,270880,24244055,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,||M.RR.O||,──────▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌───▄▄██▌█ THE BEST▄▄▄▌▐██▌█ SIMULATOR !!!███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌▀(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)▀
76561198272096688,Recommended,270880,30710140,Posted: 24 March,all,Brandon,"I bought this game a week after it came out.i knew it would be fun, but not this much fun! I had 18wos Haulin along with 18wos Extreme Trucker,and American Truck Simulator is a HUGE improvement over them.ive played over 400 hours on this game and i love it! it feels like your really driving a truck! If they add Washington,i would go crazy,because i'm From Washington.Accually,i hope they add in the whole united states.Honestly i think this game is amazing! I dont think it could get any more realistic! I hope to drive a truck when i am older,but this game will deffinitly do for now! 10/10"
76561198304958657,Recommended,270880,23122888,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BLTBytez,"Absolutely awesome game. Can't get enough, and looking forward to the upcoming updates."
,Not Recommended,270880,20918880,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ariurotl,"I'll be brief: compared to ETS2, this game has the following new features AT RELEASE:- New map of two US states: California and Nevada.- Police cars drive around and serve as mobile speed traps. No more careless speeding between speed traps.- Two new American trucks. Two is also the total number of trucks you can drive in the game at release. Read it: 2. TWO.- New traffic models, replacing European cars with American ones.- Some minor parking tweaks.- It has helicopters, blimps and crop dusters flying around. Crop dusters are cool.- It has weigh-in stations, which are basically the same annoying toll booths, but you don't pay.That's it. That's the exhaustive list of innovations. ATS has the same interface, the same progression, the same skill system, the same loan system, the same messages, the same tutorial, the same graphics (it doesn't look better than ETS2 at all), even THE SAME MENU MUSIC. Everything is the same. Except it's in America, and with fewer trucks.This is a very well done, very pretty, and very expensive (all things considered) OFFICIAL MOD for Euro Truck Simulator 2.Get it if you're okay with more of the same in new, less diverse environment. Otherwise, stay away. At least, for now. SCS will probably (read: definitely) add more trucks and areas eventually, but I seriously doubt the experience will be much different."
76561198130683089,Recommended,270880,29166105,Posted: 10 January,all,stefd68,"Hey, first review here. So don't expect an expert in video games. But in real american trucks. I am. I drive trucks since 1993. I like racing sims like Asseto Corsa and the likes. When I saw European Truck Simulator on sale, I gave it a try not expecting much. I do this for a living remember? I got hooked! This is almost like the real thing. Don't skip parking your trailers. It's the best part. Use your mirrors, not your views. I had to try American Truck Simulator. They have a Peterbuilt just like the one I drive at work. The American version is much harder because the trucks and trailers are so much bigger. This is great! I like the fact that you can build up your garage and your fleet using loans or just plain waiting and working for it. Hiring A.I. drivers to drive your other trucks. You can have multiple garages! Internet radio and the music player that plays your own music. Genius. Well, that was my bit. If you want the almost true feeling of driving a big rig on the road. Look no further."
,Recommended,270880,31923433,Posted: 23 May,all,Reanimate,"American Truck Simulator is a game that I surprisingly like. I never played any truck simulator game like Euro Truck Simulator 2 before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I always heard these games are relaxing and such, and they are. I found the best way to play this game is if you have two or more monitors and have a Twitch stream playing on the other screen. That's what I do when I play, and it works surprisingly well, so I only play this game when there's a good stream playing. You could always play by yourself and still have some fun if you like quiet and calm games.PositivesCalm and Relaxing Gameplay.It's a truck simulator, so there isn't much to it. You get in a truck, and drive from point A to point B while managing your gas, fatigue, and damage to your truck. That's pretty much it. It's a simple concept that works well enough to give me some enjoyment.Neat features.There's internet radio support for this game, so you can play real radio stations in your truck as you drive on the interstate. I found this pretty neat. There's everything from Metal, Hip Hop, Rock, to Pop radio stations.Large map.The map covers California, Nevada, and Arizona. While they don't include every single road, they include quite a bit of road. The map is so large, that it can take you about an hour in real life time to complete one of the longer deliveries.Great developers.To add on to the large map, the developers continue to develop and build maps for other states, and release those states for free! They also include an optional online account for things like cloud saves. The game also includes Steam Workshop support for things like custom trucks, in-game tweaks, and custom textures, and also allow mods from third-party sources like websites. They also include DLC packs that are a one-time buy for ATS and ETS 2. I bought the Custom Wheels pack and I also got it for ETS 2, which is awesome! I think this is due to the optional online account, but I'm not sure.Demo is great.It gives you plenty of time to try the game, and when you decide to buy the game, it'll download everything that the demo didn't download, and will keep your progress you made in the demo. All demos should be done like this!MixedDecent graphics.They won't blow you away, but they aren't ugly. For example, they aren't as good as Witcher 3, but aren't as bad as Ride to Hell: Retribution. They're in a middle area, and they are very acceptable graphics. However, the anti-aliasing isn't the best. No matter what setting I set it to, there's still tons of blockiness in the edges everywhere. The only way to counter this effectively is using a higher render resolution, like 200%. There's also some pop-in even on the highest settings, which isn't super obvious, but you will notice it sometimes.A bit repetitive.This is under Mixed because it's a trucking simulator, so there's not much innovation you can do without the game becoming less of a trucking simulator. If you don't want to drive a truck down a highway over and over, then you might not enjoy this game, but it's called AmericanTruck Simulator, so you should be going into this game expecting to do that exact thing over and over again.NegativesMediocre optimization.Although I can run the game at 1080p High-Ultra with 200% render resolution, I only get about 50-60 FPS on the highway, and 30-45 FPS in the dense cities. As I mentioned earlier, the game has pretty average graphics, so seeing this kind of performance is lousy. I did some research and found that it could be my GPU, as the game doesn't run the best on AMD GPUs, and I have a RX 480, so that could be the problem. Still, seeing as my RX 480 can run games like The Witcher 3 and GTA V at Very High-Ultra settings and get a consistant 50-60 FPS, this kind of performance is disappointing to see. No, you won't be sitting at 30-40 FPS all the time, but in cities or towns, your FPS will tank, so it seems the cities and towns need some optimization.SummaryAmerican Truck Simulator isn't a bad game. I quite enjoy it sometimes, and I think it's worth a purchase if you're interested in these kinds of simulator games. If you're a fan of Euro Truck Simulator 2, you'll definitely enjoy this game as it's basically the same thing but in the USA."
,Recommended,270880,31289721,Posted: 21 April,all,Carmonie11,"Great game to just chill out and cruise the open road, would definetly recommend to anyone who just likes to cruise."
,Recommended,270880,24168312,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,{Tippo} Qwacking Hedgehogs,"After playing 100 hours of this game, I've realized something life changing. My destiny is too become a truck driver.-Peace out homies, I'm moving on."
,Recommended,270880,22024373,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,𝚂𝙴𝙼𝙿,"Far more than re-skin of ETS2When you buy American Truck Simulator, you are buying two things - an excellent base game, and the promise of significant expansions/DLC/improvements over the next years. The game as it is now is already excellent - the world, although maybe a little small compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2, seems far more detailed and far more alive than some of the parts in the base ETS2 map.Of course, the game engine is pretty much the same and it will feel very familiar to ETS2 users. There are, however, plenty of things to enjoy in ATS - from challenging deliveries to long open roads, not to mention those great American trucks.With California and Nevada in the game at the time of writing this review, the world can feel a little small. In my current 33 hours of gameplay I have visited all major towns and have explored over 75% of the map, something which would have taken far, far longer in Euro Truck Simulator 2. On the other hand, with a free Arizona update coming soon and the promise of significant map expansions through DLC, American Truck Simulator is only going to get bigger and better over time.This is a great single player experience, that can also be enhanced through multiplayer play with the Truckersmp mod which is easy to install and free. If you are tired of driving around California and Nevada on your own, join up with some friends and join a convoy!TL;DRA great single player and multiplayer experience that promises to get even better as more content is added to the game by developers. Well worth it for people who enjoyed ETS2 - it is more than re-skin and it is also a great introduction to those who sneer at or have not had the pleasure of enjoying truck simulation."
76561198072379680,Recommended,270880,30918761,Posted: 3 April,all,scugnizzo89,DO NOT DRIVE AND TEXT Simulator (American Version)
,Recommended,270880,20974115,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Xx3NED,"When you start playing it at first, it looks kinda like ETS2, but its better, harder, and more accurate.Amazing roads and Buildings, almost the hole map is very cool.Finally, the speed cameras and the police is a good thing, it makes you angry sometimes tho xD,Thanks SCS."
76561197967928504,Recommended,270880,33500527,Posted: 13 July,all,sir_lancealittle,"Overall: 3 / 5 points.Most severe downgrades: (1) overpriced, (2) not enough area coverage.American Truck Simulator is a nice game, no doubt.It scores over the European Truck Simulator series in many ways -- so if you enjoy ETS, then ATS is definitely worth looking at.In detail:PROs:Beautifully designed scenery that just ""feels right"":Villages, towns and cities blend seamlessly into the terrain.Famous landmarks look like ""the real thing"", and most of them can be driven through.Road style variety ranges from your monstrous 8-lane Interstate all the way to small rural roads that nobody in their right mind would drive an 18-wheeler on. But ofc you're going to try!Scenery object variety is beyond enjoyable. Dirty trailer parks, camping sites, famous oldtimer cars on the roads - it's all here.The road grid is very consistent and the roadside signs are correct. (You'd think that goes without saying, but anyone who plays ETS too will know all about improperly signed highway exits!)Numerous ""easter eggs"", some of which only a keen explorer will find.The trucks are just beautiful, both in terms of sounds and visuals. Indicators and guages are nicely visible from the driver seat (ofc that varies a bit depending on which design you pick).The User Interface is very intuitive. The game doesn't come with much of a manual (8 pages), but for the basic gameplay it doesn't really need one.Smooth performance even on a mid-grade PC. No stuttering, and FPS drop near dense scenery is hardly noticeable.AI Traffic works nicely overall, much better than in ETS.Nicely customizeable controls. The ""steering sensitivity"" and ""nonlinear steering"" sliders are a huge help for anyone using keyboard only.CONs:Only 3 states (NV,AZ,CA) are covered in the base product. It took me only 15 hours of playtime to discover 50% of the road grid and unlock 60% of the achievements.Overpriced. Just that. If you happen to buy it from a 50% off sale, that price seems about right. But for 20€ I'd expect more area coverage, fewer glitches, more unique playtime.No multiplayer in the vanilla product. Seriously?! Not even a lousy ranking / score board?Law enforcement could be more interactive. Actually being chased down by a police patrol and being pulled over would seem more fun than the simple ""speed violation"" message.AI traffic could be more responsive to player actions. For example, a player driving recklessly could get reckless AI drivers in return, etc. There is no incentive to driving safely or carefully.Many minor glitches and shortcomings:Numerous designated parking areas fail to trigger the ""sleep"" dialog. Rather annoying, here I parked my vehicle perfectly for a change, only to find out the parking spot that will trigger the ""take-a-nap"" dialog is one slot to the right. :\In some locations, the enforced speed limit does not match the limit on the roadside signs. (e.g. road sign says 75 mph, but route advisor says 35 mph).Law enforcement fines are indifferent to the severity of the act. It doesn't make a difference if you go 6 mph too fast or 60 mph, the fine is the same. Really? 1,000$ fine for going 6 mph too fast?Economy / company aspects of the game are very rudimentary and too easy:Truck fuel consumption hardly makes a difference for job/company success, and most repair costs are covered by the insurance. There is no incentive to being efficient or economical (which also renders the entire ""eco-driving"" skill set particularly useless).Cargo mass has no impact on revenue. 10,000 lbs or 100,000 lbs of the same cargo type -- the payment seems to be the same.Owning / upgrading a garage is only useful for players who intend to hire AI drivers. Cannot even do basic truck maintenance there, what a pity. Only incentive to upgrade a garage is the fuel pump which sells fuel at a slightly cheaper price. The latter is definitely not worth the upgrade price though, seeing that fuel consumption is irrelevant to company success.Some key states of the truck are not stored in savegames:Engine status (Seriously guys, I load a game and here I am on an 8-lane highway with my engine OFF??)Transmission status and setting (Always in NEUTRAL after loading a savegame)Cruise control settingWeigh Station Bypass tagSo bottom line, you are looking at about 20-30 hours of unique gameplay for 20 €, with some minor design flaws.Personally, I've seen much better for that price."
76561198299473617,Recommended,270880,33238410,Posted: 4 July,all,trackdog448,Sat at stop sign in Fresno for 10 minutes waiting for a gap in traffic. Another trucker stopped and flashed his lights for me to go. 10/10 would Teamster again.
,Not Recommended,270880,20917797,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Thunda,"Okay, I'm sure, in the near future, this review will turn from negative to postitive, so keep that in mind when reading.As of right now, there just isn't enough content. Two trucks and a surprisingly small replication of California and Nevada is all you get. This will obviously increase, but I atleast expected a decent proportion of the US and a range of trucks on release.So, once things have been ironed out in terms of content, I will right a full comprehensive review of this game.For the meantime, it plays like ETS 2, looks like ETS 2, feels like ETS 2, basically it is ETS 2, just in America. This isn't a negative point, I love ETS 2. It runs well, looks good, cities included are detailed. Scale wise I have read it's pretty small but I don't live or have ever been to California or Nevada, and I don't live in the US.Basically, it's a functional game, and a good game, just wait for the content before you buy, I can't see my playing this a whole lot until an update is released."
,Recommended,270880,21030526,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Road Runner,"ATS very much looks, feels and plays like ETS2. Whether that's a good or a bad thing is very subjective. It's perfectly understandable that some people call it a glorified DLC and that there isn't much content at the moment. But let's be honest, the game is also priced as a glorified DLC :)The base game consists of the standard assets and the state of California. All other content is added in the form of DLC's This can be both free or payed DLC. Like in ETS2, new trucks will be added to the game for free. Currently, due to licensing issues, there are only the Peterbilt 579 and the Kenworth T680. SCS already has a few more trucks ready to roll out as soon as they have the approval. The first two new states are also added as free DLC. Nevada was released together with the base game and Arizona will be added soon, altough soon can easily take a few months in SCS terms ;)Graphics and performance have improved over ETS2 but not by a huge margin. I think ATS looks a bit better with improved textures, especially the roads. It's also more detailed and has way more variety in the scenery, while in the stock ETS2 map it was just more of the same. The engine also seems to be better optimized, wich results in a bit smoother fps. Only 64-bit is officially supported this time. SCS is offering an unsupported 32-bit version for a limited time, wich can be obtained via de Betas tab within the game's properties.The game can perfectly be played and enjoyed with a controller. Settings like sensitivity and deadzone can be adjusted for the analog controls. Off course, a keyboard also works but... don't, just don't. For the full experience, a steering wheel is highly recommended, just as much as with a (semi) realistic racing game. It's a complete gamechanger. If you also own a TrackIR, great, another gamechanger! All SCS' trucksims have native support for this device.A neat new feature are multiple ways to park your trailer. Not in the mood for difficult parking but just pressing Enter is to fake? Just do it the easy but 'legal' way and just drive your rig forward in the designated spot. However, this will off course result in less XP than you would have gotten when parking like a boss.I do have some minor complaints. ATS still has the same simplistic road network that ETS2 has. Second, the scaling of the map; it's smaller than ETS2's scale. I can understand that they had to do this since the US is such a ridiculously large country. I just would have wanted it to be a bit larger. Travelling from city to city is over just to quickly. Than there's the AI -_- It has improved over ETS2 but it's far from perfect. There are still many AI drivers who never passed their driving test and somehow managed to get a car. Remember those creatures in ETS2 who stopped on the highway to let you merge? They're not only living in Europe. The game also doesn't have much variety in AI vehicles. Well, noting that the modding community can't fix. ATS has the same extensive modding support that made ETS2 a huge success. That also puts the lack off standard content a bit in perspective, unless you don't want to use any mods. At the time of writing, there are already lots of mods available, including drivable trucks, cargo's, AI vehicles, skins etc. Map expansion are just a matter of time.SCS took their sweet time to release this game and many expected a bit more content at release. I'm sure they will take care of this, like they did with ETS2. That game is well over three years old now and is still being worked on.In the end SCS delivered the quality that we come to expect from them. If you played and like ETS2, you will feel right at home in ATS. Even with it's flaws and weaknesses, it's still that ultra relaxing driving experience that so many people love."
76561198163214526,Recommended,270880,31167239,Posted: 15 April,all,bullion40,"This game is amazing, it is even better with a steering wheel with clutch and shifter."
76561198361734463,Recommended,270880,29997895,Posted: 17 February,all,JoeSmoteGaming,"UPDATED REVIEW  MARCH 11, 2017Here's my review of American Truck Simulator. After 200 hours of game time play in the last 6 weeks since the first time I purchased it I am more excited than I was on day one. Why because of all the modifications out there especially when it comes to different trucks to drive. Check ou my profile I customized a new Peterbilt 389 rig, added Chrome LED Lights, Peterbilt illuminated LOGO, Bullhorns, Grill Bar, and a two spoke steering wheel and it only costed me about $65K (one of the cheaper modded trucks). Drives more smoothly, and the sound is AAHHHmazing!!!Do I recommend the game?  Yes I do recommend buying this game at the price point of $20. Its no longer on sale for $10 but the sale comes and goes with the times. You will be buying it just in time for the update to ATS version 1.6 (currently in Public Alpha Beta testing.)Thats where a couple of concerns come into play at. One being that when you first start playing you have plenty to do to occupy your time. However if you are a hardcore player such as myself that easily plays 4-6 hours a day driving up to 1,500 miles a day (78,000 XP, 48,000 miles approx. total) then you'll run out of things to do and will find yourself driving the same route over and over. At this point I have 75% of the roads covered in the game.My second concern, and you should take notice to this as well is the modifications. Modifications are good, especially if you are trying to add an element or realism and spontaneous situations to the game. You can do almost every thing under the sun with the right mod. HOWEVER, with most mods being compatible to the current version of ATS 1.5.3 , once ATS 1.6 rolls out almost ALL OF YOUR MODS will cancel out and youll have to refresh and download NEW. That kind of bums me because I have the right mods for my game including my new Peterbilt 389 which im certain to lose (BUMMER)However, if you want variety of places to go to and want to stay occupied look into Euro Truck Simulator for 19.99. You'll have plenty to do. If you still want to drive in America then get this game and go to the various different mod websites such as atsmods, modland (my favorite), sharemods etc where you can find different variety of maps, trucks, sound mods, whatever you can think of. Also same mods can be found directly in the Steam Workshop.(HOWEVER THIS GAME IS VERY CLOSE TO BEING UPDATED SO MOD CAREFULLY)The upsides to this game is just that. There are so many options out there to customize the gameplay to the way you see fit. Remember it's only 3 states you have to drive in so customize it based on that if you want to continue to play this game days and weeks and even months down the line just be prepared to wipe your mod list clean if you choose to mod before the update."
,Recommended,270880,24731222,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,tHe.iR1sH [BBB],"Really fun game.  I have played over 300 hours and enjoyed it quite a bit.  I've even dozed off while driving...not recommended. hahaGraphics are great.  Living in San Diego, CA, the landscape and buildings feel familiar enough that you could almost place yourself, at times.I come back to this game almost monthly for a few days.  I've yet to place the Arizona DLC, but I am excited!It's impossible to regret purchasing this game, unless you're looking for some form of demolition derby.  This game rewards you if you apply even a modicum of patience and safe driving.My favorite feature of this game is the ability to hire staff and purchase extra trucks.  It's a minigame that increases your profitability. --a real treat. :)Do it nao!"
,Recommended,270880,27305136,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SiSL,"Successor of Euro Truck Simulator 2, with American style , American roads and now with upcoming re-scale, much much bigger map with realistic feeling of American roads.  Strongly recommended for anyone who likes trucking, chill time and engine roars.."
,Recommended,270880,33101422,Posted: 1 July,all,AllOuT,"Just like Euro truck simulator, but in America, JUST KIDDING PHAAA, its unique, more detailed and overall nicer looking than Euro sim, has all the landmarks you'd expect to see while on a highway, but enough comparing.American truck simulator isnt huge, its just three states for now, but still amazes me how it creates an illusion of a big desert  area, makes you think what'd be if it would have all states. So far its only a desert, with the upcoming new mexico update there will be 4 states: California, Arizona, Nevada, New mexico. EXPECT TEXAS, ITS BIGGER THAN FRANCE. Hopefully will be expanded without taxing states as DLC. Cant give a 10 since this isnt the whole of America in this, but if this would have all states, even with mods, its would be a 10.9/10 Great."
76561198118327234,Not Recommended,270880,20942315,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Veggies,"As of Feburary 3rd, 2016. I would recommend this game to nobody, instead, I would recommend them to ETS2, or a game with more content for that matter, here is my reasoning.Oh, and for the record, I would've easily waited 3-6 more months if we had make a couple more states and some actual polishing. I plan on playing ETS2 now for 3-6 to help compensate for this.-The content is so small. I've gotten to all the towns within 4 hours of play.-There is only 2 trucks, I saw the blog post about this, but honestly, just make the fake names like how it was done in ETS2.-This feels like a DLC rather than an actual game. It's a re-skined version of ETS2.-The highways are 2 lanes or 3 (both ways). Last time I went to America, it's a 5-10 lane highway (both ways). I really hope they can some implement this in the next couple states, or at least fix the highways already.-The cop presence is high, it was a little annoying at the start because of how I could go 1mph over the limit and it would still go, just a little more sensitive than ETS2.-The AI is horribly wrong, honestly SCS, what's up with the right left turns on red and merging? Left-turns are okay, but can be improved upon.-The map is unrealistic, it's like this, get a job, go on interstate for literally 5 mintues, exit, drop off load, repeat. This whole process could take 10 minutes.-Truck customization is extremely limited.-As an AMD user with an MSI R9 290, I am getting some performance messes, even outside the cities. I've only noticed 2 of these, so it's minor, but noticeable.I will update this later on, but in the mean time, SCS, please polish your game and add more content."
,Recommended,270880,24134218,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MetalheadRocks,"American Truck Simulator and Euro Truck Simulator 2 are the best trucking simulators. Even if you're not a fan of that kind of games, be sure to check them out, it's surprisingly addictive to deliver cargos across huge open worlds on fully customisable, highly detailed trucks. Both games are continuously supported by the developer and have many years ahead to grow and expand. Regular patches add new trucks, features, roads, and regular DLC's add new territories and customization items, so there's always a good reason to come back after awhile and explore something new. Both games share many similarities, such as interface, engine, physics, that's because, I believe, they will be somehow merged together one day to become a kind of World Truck Simulator. There's already an online feature called World Of Trucks, that allows players to complete online contracts and share different kinds of media. There were some rumors about Euro Coach Simulator as well, which should add a bus driving mechanics, but it's unclear how or when it's going to happen. Mods are available too. A lot of mods of any kind, that add even more trucks and territories, so you will never be bored of anything.An ultimate trucking experience across huge open world.10/10"
76561198034888313,Recommended,270880,20974239,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sedina,"I do not drive trucks for a living, nor have I ever.In fact, I don't even drive a car - I live in a major US city, and some medical issues prevent me from driving safely. When I could drive a car, I didn't enjoy it.So why am I in love with this game?I bought this on a whim. Hey, it's $20. If I hated it, I could always get a refund. I played for about half an hour the first time, barely making it out of the tutorial. I had chosen the third ""level"" of controls (shifting and mouse steering) out of four, which made the game unintelligible to me. I considered, and discarded, the idea of getting a refund. It was a neat game, but definitely not for me since I never knew how to drive a standard anyway.Then I started it up again later that evening... and I've been playing for hours ever since.Something about this game is so soothing, so freeing - it's unbelievable. The graphical fidelity reminds me of GTAV, although (obviously) less detailed and not bothering with animating humans. Neon blinks uselessly in open starry nights, proclaiming doughnuts here / left turn only / ACME goods. A year ago, I took a ride with a friend out into the wild empty desert around Barstow (and yes we did have Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas audiobook playing while we did so). This game does a wonderful job at capturing the grit and loneliness of that open, alien world.I finally figured out how to not roll backwards when I get to the top of an onramp. That was a good thing. I feel clever when I do things like this - I understand now why people drive, I think. Downshifting to slow down when I see brakelights flash briefly in the distance... and then, sure enough, there's a traffic light I didn't anticipate but I'm already slowed down!... these things make me feel that private sort of joy you get in any video game when you make a particularly difficult play.I don't know why I like this game. I'll never be great at it, and that's okay. I have no interest in trucking, or driving, in the real world. But I wanted to write this review to let people know that this game might grab them in the way it did me.Give this game a try.One quick edit while I'm thinking about it: Most of the negative reviews here are due to two main factors:1. Actual, real, live, human truckers disappointed that the game does not perfectly capture the depth or distance of driving for 40+ hours at a stretch (I am okay with this; I have no desire to sit for that long). I understand, but I disagree with, that as a criticism. Games must remove some of the tedium from real life.2. People giving temporary thumbs-down because the existing world is rather small. True. There are only two states out of the forty-eight that comprise the continental US. The company has stated they will add more."
76561198147638067,Recommended,270880,31606929,Posted: 7 May,all,Rag,Excellent game in development. Only thing I want is more trucks besides Peterbilt and Kenworth.
76561198039742785,Recommended,270880,32134680,Posted: 2 June,all,roadhogg317,love the game. just wish you could own and customize trailers like you can the trucks
,Not Recommended,270880,20923787,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Egg-Roll,"In its current state I cannot even suggest buying it for half the price.I'm overlooking the Map and Truck section as those will increase in a month or 2 in the future.Pros:-Annoying Cops (one was behind me when I was ""speeding"" and gave me 2 tickets before I got enough speed to pull away)-Cops actually turn their lights on like 18WoS-AI seem to give similar concept to truckers-Texture Detail (those who own Scandinavia will see a clone)-Rights on reds works flawlessly (not a good thing when you don't need to stop...)-weight scales-obscure parking jobsCons:-All trucks sound the same, or at least the ones I've driven (only 2), Engines the same, horns the same... Modder's have real truck horns and they are not licensed in ETS2, Why do we not at least have this?-AI is far more buggy than its Europe counterpart! I've witnessed so far 2 cars in front of me ""sliding"" sideways going straight as well. Very hard to see if you're not paying attention-AI just vanish right in front of you, and I'm going to assume can do the same (explains me sideswiping a red truck, that should of been visible in the mirror)-AI have a wide yield to you space, you even start turning out of your left turn lane you will stop traffic-If you can't stop and go thru a yellow-to-red light you have a 90% chance of getting a ""just cause we can"" red light ticket-Cops wont chase you, you just get a auto ticket.-Scandinavia Clone0 effort seems to of gone into it, but as a ""map mod"" with 2 trucks (for now), with working cop cars and right turning abilities w/o fines.Should you buy it? Only if you like Steampunk. After that offer is up wait 6 months for 50% off... You waited this long you can wait longer, to pay what it is actually worth!Do i regret buying it? No, but I don't agree with the price. For $30 CAD it's possibly the most expensive least content game I own, and I own tons of useless games."
,Recommended,270880,21735561,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,FourBitty,"I have to say that I am quite impressed with this game, having played almost every truck sim in the 18 WoS days as well as ETS2. I remember many years ago, stumbling acorssamericantrucksimulator.comto find that the domain was being held for future use, I had high hopes for the game when it was finally released, and SCS didn't disappoint.Initially, my biggest concern was that the environment and feel was going to be too much like what Europe thinks of North America rather than what it's really like over here, and while it's difficult to explain, those elements do exist, but fortunately not to the degree I had initially thought. Screenshots of the game in the past year kind of made me worry about this, but the initial release isn't so bad.My favourite thing is that they've solved pretty much every issue I had in terms of driving physics - problems that were present in past games and even ETS2. With the transmission setting set to advanced, the game allows for clutchless shifting (with proper timing, naturally) with controllers like the G27, and the engine doesn't have the torque converter feel where applying throttle doesn't instantly raise the rpm by a couple hundred. If you're not sure what I mean, play ETS2 with a high horsepower truck like an FH with 750hp and while coasting, hit the gas and watch the tach.One of the things I wasn't fond of in ETS2 is the fact that many cities and roads are so hard to differentiate. I could never find my way around if not for the GPS. The Scandinavia DLC is an exception to this IMO, but it seems like every city and highway is mostly the same. ATS on the other hand, has very original and unique areas, as well as cities of varying sizes. I hope that this, plus the fact that they'll be releasing the map in bits at a time, will mean that we can sort of learn our way around through experience, and certain areas and roads will become more familiar overtime. I'm really glad to see SCS try to make each area of the map unique, original, and realistic.A number of people have complained about the current lack of trucks, many saying that they should have done like they did with ETS2 and release them unlicensed first. I think that there is a lot of legal mumbo jumbo involved. It's hard to criticize SCS for this when you don't know what their legal obligations are, and where they are currently at with truck manufacturers.There's still things I'd like to see improved, like the audio, but I can't even imagine how hard it is to make a realistic sounding truck without hearing audio loops and allowing it to fluently change as engine rpm increases and decreases, or even as more or less throttle is applied. With each truck so far, as engine rpm increases it seems to go through 'waves' for lack of a better word, where once you hit 12 or 1300 rpm, the tone resets down to sound lower again. Again, difficult to explain.Kudos to SCS Software. They're definitely on the right track. My favourite thing about them as a developer is that they listen to their community very actively and are quick to make changes if needed. This game was released at a lower than expected price point and I am very, very eager to see where ATS goes in the future.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a relaxing but enjoyable simulator, not only for the game but for the amazing developer that stands behind it."
76561198082535623,Recommended,270880,32714507,Posted: 24 June,all,TheRealRG3,This is a fantastic simulator. Only thing is i wish there were more states to travel in.
76561198142812528,Recommended,270880,23763069,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AaTrez,- $800 fine for going over speed limit 1 mph.- $800 fine for not having headlights turned on at night.- $800 fine for very gently bumping into another vehicle.- $800 fine for avoiding sleep.10/10
76561198049509241,Not Recommended,270880,22091312,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Laffe3070,"Looking at the timer, I see that I've currently been waiting some 9 minutes for a traffic jam to clear up, or rather nine minutes since I've started the timer after I got sick waiting and started writing this.When it behaves, this game is quite serene and relaxing, not to mention addictive. The mechanics of the trucks is quite impressive. If only they would fix all the annoyances. 12 minutes. I mean, as a DLC to Euro truck simulator this would be ok, but as a separate game with a few years extra dev time I would expect a better experience.The addition of police cars seemed like a good idea at first, but the zero tolerance for speeding combined with there sixth sense for detecting speeding makes for an unpleasant experience. I'd like to see the real world cop that would accurately detect a 5 mph speeding in the rear view mirror. 15 minutes.And who the hell is fining me for hitting a red light when there is no one around? Once I actually got fined for backing out of an intersection when the light turned red, and it turns red freakishly fast. And how difficult would it be to add some logic to the traffic lights so I don't have to stop at every single intersection in a town?Less intelligent then the traffic light are the AI-drivers. So I've waited for 17 minutes before pausing the game (or else I would get fined for delayed delivery). There is a great tendency for deadlocks, sometimes cars are literally standing in a circle waiting for each other. When trying to get out of deadlocks it's not uncommon for other cars to crash into you. They could avoid it, they just don't try to. Seeing a car decisively running into your side at a steady 10 mph is somewhat fascinating at first, but it quickly gets old, especially if you get fined for it. Sometimes you don't get fined for crashes caused by others, but you never get compensation for any damage.And for some reason (or lack of it), all time estimates in the game seems to assume an average speed of ~38 mph, no matter what. Why? And what sort of bank only allows 4 fixed loan amounts?And for some reason (or lack of it), all time estimates in the game seems to assume an average speed of ~38 mph, no matter what. Why? And what sort of bank only allows 4 fixed loan amounts?"
,Recommended,270880,28219947,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Skull28,"This is one of the best trucking games I've ever played! If you're into trucking, than this is something you wanna pick up."
,Recommended,270880,21396450,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DJ Bob SimulatorRadio.com,A MUST GET game play is very good a i love the trucks. cant wait to see there this game goes
76561198039618636,Not Recommended,270880,21701258,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,m_wadwell,"After playing a lot of European Truck Simulator 2 (ETS2), I was looking forward to American Truck Simulator (ATS), however (at the current stage) is not up to the same standard as ETS2.Things such as, the change in city design (making larger cities, with more stop lights), the reduction in size of a majority of the non-highway roads, and the dramatic change in the economy (increase in fine size and decrease in income) has resulted in the game being a LOT less ""fun"" than ETS2.My recommendation, is to buy ETS 2 (and the two DLC's) for the same price as ATS, as you will be getting better value for money and a more enjoyable game.Later, Matt"
,Recommended,270880,20990185,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,WelshPixie,"A lovely addition to the truck sim family to follow up Euro Truck Sim 2, which I also thoroughly enjoyed. It's great seeing the new game assets that are entirely different to those in ETS2 - new trucks obviously, but also a large range of new vehicles, new scenery props, new architecture, new road designs - and some fun things that enhance the ambience like helicopters, jets, shooting stars and flocking birds. There are some new mechanics too, including police cars that tag you with flashing lights and sirens when you get a fine for speeding/crossing red lights.The company extensively researches truck sounds and handling to give you a more genuine experience when driving the trucks, and they spend an inordinate amount of time getting the locations looking like their real-world counterparts (within the limits of the game), which is all very nice (and you can see side-by-side comparisons with Google Street View shots) - but the main reason I enjoy it is that it's just so damned relaxing. If you're looking for a serious, hard core driving sim with realistc crash physics, go play something else - this isn't that game. This is a casual game about driving a big truck around, taking in the scenery, listening to some music, and gradually building your trucking empire."
,Recommended,270880,32212792,Posted: 5 June,all,Cummins2000 (Mud Digger),Really enjoying the games and putting hours into it can't wait for what SCS Software have in store for us in the future
76561198026452405,Not Recommended,270880,20957123,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,<removed>,"SCS is, without question, my favorite company in gaming. Their ""thank you for the 20 tons of sand"" post was one of thegreatest moments in the history of video gaming. I will always love these guys.The graphics are not changed, the physics has not changed, the menu has not changed, visual damage trucks do not appear. This is a new game in 2016? 2 trucks, essentially the same state and 2, you serious?for 2 years of developing I expected more than just 2 states and 2 trucks, shame on you SCS.Unfortunately this game has a rushed feeling. Its like that half of cheese burger your room-mate left in the back of the fridge. you know you wanna eat it, but a fresh warm cheese burger is so much better.There are 50 States in USA, great truck history. In American Truck simulator we have just two states ( 4% of USA map ) andTWO trucks . Omg. when I started game first time I felt like I playing demo version. But dont worry , DLC map coming soon! just 10€ each.Game is not wroth money at the moment. You should wait for dlc maps and buy complete version later.3/10"
76561198122932791,Not Recommended,270880,33502349,Posted: 13 July,all,Prince Rahl,"Not a bad game (has some flaws). Obviously european game designers can't accept the fact that our roads over here are just so big and wide but they do believe in just how big the vehicles are. Makes the game unpleasant in a very uncomfortable and unrealistic way.I don't recommend it until there is FAR more content. To put it simply, by the time Eurotruck 2 was this old they already had most of the UK and the Going East DLC.This game has FOUR (4) states, each of which are as large or larger than the European countries included in ES2 (upto the Going East DLC) and yet only one of the states is as ""fleshed out"" (number of locations, diversity of included roads, etc.).Truly the makers of the renowned ETS2 calling this game ""American"" truck simulator is very misleading. This game should be called ""American South-West simulator"" because that is the extent of the coverage of a VERY LARGE CONTINENT.  America is a continent that dwarfs the entirety of Europe and more than Half of America is CANADA. You know, the SECOND LARGEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD? And apparently the makers are still only ""maybe considering adding Canadian locations in future DLC"".I feel like SCS sold this game (ATS) as an American version of their ETS2 game. Unfortunately they don't seem to be able/want to deliver that premise and instead are going to release (tiny piece by tiny piece) an American version equivalent only to the base game by the time all the DLC has been released. This is pathetic.At least change the name, This game is not simulating America the way ETS2 simulates Europe. The game should be called ""Europeans idea of Trucking in America : South-West United States ONLY Edition"""
,Not Recommended,270880,20922448,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,brewmaster44,"After playing for 3.4 Hrs I find that Euro Truck Sim 2 kind of blows this game out of the water. The drive time is all messed up. Takes no time at all to go from point A - point B, The Traffic is even more stupid as I was 1/2 way through a yellow light, Going slow as I was pulling out from a stop a few car back at a red light and a car drove right in the side of my truck. The Rest stop's are dirt fields by the side of the road. Got to love 5000 cop cars on the road also. I drive the speed limit but come on at one point it seemed like more cop cars then normal traffic was on the road along with 1 parked off to the side as a speed trap.I am all for supporting a game but this is not even close to finished.Save your money people and buy ETS-2 its a way better game overall. The Trucks even feel like they are on ice in ATS vs ETS-2At first I gave this a thumbs up but after playing it for a bit I would say save the money and wait for a steam sale in a few months or buy ETS-2 as its much better overall. They failed bringing this out too soon, should have waited and got it right the first time. Not fix it as we go along.Man it killed me to say dont buy this game as I was so looking forward to it. I dont hate Trucks sims. Look at my ETS-2 hrs played as proof. Just dont touch this yet it need a bunch of work before its ready."
,Recommended,270880,30970991,Posted: 5 April,all,kool3040p,American Truck Simulator is a fun exciting game which I play on a daily bases I love to drive my truck scs thank you for such a fantastic game Happy Truckin
,Recommended,270880,24063429,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,W¿sekrakr,"I played ETS 2 for hours and hours... and now... I can cross through a small part of America, but America nonetheless. It has the same gameplay as ETS 2, with some tweaks here and there, but nothing completely different.Get in your truck and start doing jobs for cash ;) and go for your own company. Then do more jobs, pass through all the available cities and see the sights while delivering some explosives or something.So if you like to relax with some music and sit back while America passes you by outside the window, this is the game for you! Keep on truckin' !"
76561198048034277,Not Recommended,270880,20949395,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Aburn,"stupid ai that crash into you when you are driving about trying to make money , green lights that when you go through cars smash straight into you , good game exactly the same as euro truck 2 so i would not reccomend buying plus there is only 2 states and they will no doubt make you pay over the odds for them , so dont even think that 15 pound is cheap as the dlc will cost a fortune :P"
76561198132898371,Recommended,270880,32640235,Posted: 22 June,all,[HKG] pangkinglim,"This game is awesome. That's no doubt. You can easily find tons of postive comments here and many related YouTube videos.But what I would like to stress is the after sales service of SCS!!!!!!! It is also awesome! In my opinion, usually the more popular the company is, the more the rubbish the service is. But not in this case!I have crashes in both ets2 and ats. I emailed them and they can directly tell me the solution. I mean, the CORRECT solution. Many a time game develops are difficult to help us because they cannot understand our individual PCs. We face problems that game developers did not expect.I have had some bad experience with a certain car game (Not to mention the game name here). Although they are friendly and willing to reply my email again and again, they still cannot solve my problem and once even tell me that they are out of ideas....On the contrary, email SCS once and you will get nice, direct solution to your game crash! And also not really a long wait for their emails. (Some developers will never reply you.)Good job SCS!"
,Not Recommended,270880,20943334,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,「§NG」| Crismo - [Nick],"First off, I like the game concept and I like SCS Software so I bought the game cause I trusted them since I enjoyed ETS2.This feels like an early access game or an official modpack/dlc pack for ETS2. There's way too many inconsistencies in this game California Scenic Simulator to recommend others to purchase it. As others have said-- Game strongly resembles ETS2- Graphics to me feel worse than ETS2 but could just be me- Gameplay feels sluggish- It's like an Apple product that got a re-skin- Trucks feel slow, sluggish, inconsistent to actual American trucks, speed limits are weird, speed is mostly capped at 55 and sometimes drops from 55 to 30 and then back to 70 and then within .01 seconds it drops back to 55 and if you're speeding during those times (like less than 5mph over) prepare yourself for tickets- Stop signs at street lights- Sometimes traffic at intersections is neverending and the only way to proceed is to save the game and reload so you have a chance of finishing a load- Anti-aliasing? I'm pretty sure the developer has no idea what this does and why it's important- Same music as ETS2Simply put: It doesn't feel like an American Truck Simulator game. It's at best a California Scenic Simulator.At this time I'd give the game a solid 50% rating - I'm still going to play it but I wish it would have been better, and or gets better soon."
,Not Recommended,270880,20941995,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FDASFDSAFDS ABH FASDBJKHSD,"Absolutely minimal innovation. This is a $20.00 Expansion Pack for Euro Truck Simulator 2 that parades itself as a different game. The developers didn't put any creativity into this game. Absolutely terrible purchase. Do not buy this unless you either want to support the developers or would really buy $20.00 expansion pack for Euro Truck 2.I was told that they would innovate on this soon and that it was released before they could do everything they wanted to with it. Hopefully they do. If so, I'll update this review."
76561198128511170,Recommended,270880,24149460,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Bryan Pepps,Every bit as good as ETS2. Now features 100% accurate U.S. Law Enforcement!
,Recommended,270880,33102322,Posted: 1 July,all,Wenche,Very relaxing and atmospheric game with great graphics and physics.Not recommended for the restless-FPS-only-gamer though.
76561198061674500,Recommended,270880,26482119,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,River2003  (Cell),Great game I wish they add it all of the states
76561198354710343,Recommended,270880,32054821,Posted: 29 May,all,ladyandwalter,Its an ecxelent game. I'd like to see the dlc states to be free and include washington.
,Recommended,270880,30529965,Posted: 15 March,all,Trainman808,"I now have a sudden urge to sing old country songs, abandon my children and wife, eat at sketchy truck stops in the middle of nowhere, and drive for hours on end while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out coffee.God Bless America."
,Not Recommended,270880,21232027,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Bogor Represent!,"It pains me to write down that I don't reccommend purchasing American Truck Simulator.American Truck Simulator (ATS), created by SCS responsible for legendary titles like Truck&Trailer, Extreme Trucking, German and UK Truck Simulator, Euro Truck Simulator and Euro Truck Simulator 2, should've been a slamdunk shoe-in in all and every aspect and it just isn't.The AI is a definate step back from the AI in ETS2 and it will slow down and/or brake violently where it isn't needed. Traffic-rules AI is over-zealous and will issue fines upwards of $700 ingame currency for the minorest of mistakes.The map is tiny and the two states provided (Cali and Nevada) are so condensed that a trip from LA to Oxnard is in length comparable to Rotterdam-Amsterdam in ETS2. Time flies so fast that your fuel-tank is always empty and your trucker is always yawning.The two brands of trucks the game starts with are legendary and speak to the imagination, Peterbild and Kenworth, the Adidas and Puma of the truckingworld. But they're weaksauce dinkytoys that can't even pull a load up a hill without losing steam and are hardly the monsters they ought to be.The highway-system portrayed in the game, which is a simulator, does in no way reflect the actual highway system in use in America today and is in that aspect worse than the  German Autobahn portrayal in ETS2.The handling of the trucks feel floaty or loose which gives the whole experience a very arcady feel.ATS is however a beautiful game, much of which a follower of SCS has come to expect. But beautiful graphics do not make a simulator. Realism (as much as possible anyway) and depth of simulation is. ATS is an arcade trucking game, much like Big Motha Truckers, but without the fun.I would suggest that you buy Euro Truck Simulator 2. It has more depth of simulation, more destinations, less absurd time-compression, more trucks, more jobs, more different trailers and a more diverse landscape.It's also cheaper, both in the meaning of the word and in what you get for your money."
,Recommended,270880,24604956,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,FrontRUSSIAN,Played this game with vive and g29. and I can say holly♥♥♥♥♥♥you feel yourself like truck driver I even started to regret that I didint go to study logistics.
,Not Recommended,270880,32821278,Posted: 26 June,all,TheBarwiggle,"I came to this game having loved playing ETS2 and having high hopes for a just-as-good SCS game. However, having put a few hours into ATS I cannot say the same for this version. I think it's something to do with the lack of variety in the landscape that you drive through in the game; rather than being in different European countries it is instead monotonous driving through desert-filled states. Also, having only two truck brands brings very little variety to truck customization, whereas in ETS2 you have atleast 5 different truck brands to choose from. There are some small aspects that do make the game better than ETS2, like having emergnecy service vehicles on the road that react to the environment (for example if a police car is nearby and you speed then sirens/lights will go off) and also having weighbridge checks which add a bit more realism, but these are dwarfed by the negatives.4/10"
,Not Recommended,270880,20939989,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ItsZackHD,"This game is okay. I do not recommend this game right now as there is no content but down the road when there are more states I will recommend this game, This is too bad because ETS2 is a great game but ATS is okay as of right now. I would give this a solid score of probably 3/10NOTE: This review will be changed later."
,Recommended,270880,26903457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,"Heres my stupid review:This is my second favorite game! It's on of the most relaxing games I've played also. I have built most of my followers on Twitch off of this game.  The community for ATS is so great and full of a lot of nice people. ETS 2 is just like this game, but if your short on money, get the on that you like the style of more.But anyways, You can find me doing jake break drifts/rolling my truck all across Las Vegas."
,Recommended,270880,34315528,Posted: 17 August,all,AL-VTC (EM) | Will Newman Sr.,I been playing this game since it came out and with the release of the double and triple trailers it made this game all the more fun. Can't wait until the release of New Mexico.
,Recommended,270880,21509383,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ojisan Kukkī,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=634023331Hauling 16 tons of explosive, GPS is directing me to a single-lane ""rollercoaster"" side-road.10/10 The explosion is going to be glorious."
76561198073296085,Recommended,270880,25906433,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Keavin,Great game when you want to relax and drive a truck. You can buy and customize your truck and make your own company with employees to hire. Only downside is that it will be a very long process to get all the states in the game but I would still reccomend!
76561198184553738,Not Recommended,270880,20952933,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,HowDoYouLikeDemApples,"The game only has two states and two trucks. I know some trucks and states (like Arizona) will be added for free, but most states will be paid for. I'd be okay with this, if the game was not already too small. It takes four real life hours to drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Yes, I know the game is compressed because nobody wants to drive somewhere for four hours when they could do the same thing in real life, but it shouldn't take less than 20 minutes. If I can drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas in 20 minutes, how long will it take to explore the entire game? The game claims it takes five in-game hours from LA to LV, but a five hour trip in Euro Truck Simulator 2 took an more than an hour in real-life. This game is obviously incomplete and released too early. The lack of content is to tempt you into buying more DLC once it comes out, which is just dispicable. The game is fun, but it's not worth $20 when for just a few more dollars, you can get more content with Euro Truck Simulator 2. I was hugely disappointed in American Truck Simulator.Also, not only is the game's UI and menu identical to ETS2, the geography is wrong. San Francisco, Oakland, and Oxnard are in the wrong place. If the game want to be taken seriously as a realistic simulator, it needs to have correct geography and not take 20 minutes to make a four hour journey."
,Recommended,270880,31812647,Posted: 17 May,all,Rulio,"I liked ETS2 a lot before I started to play this game. Mainly bought it to try different styles of truckin' and start a new journey across desert, dust and heatwaves.This game gives a lot of futur potential thanks to its similar build as ETS2 and the great support from the devs.Pros.► Has the same grapshim effort, sound effort and ambiant effort than it's Euro older bro.► Simulation is great overall. Pretty flawless overall no big surprise.► USA gives a better ambiance than Europe, fitting the player into a more trucker life with Country music, desert, military bases.► Town and cities features. While ETS2 cities were only industrial area most of the times, ATS offers more residential towns. Unfortunately leading to be limited when you choose your HQ and other warehouses.► Trucks are, of course, not the same than in ETS2, leading to give a whole new experience using big nosed vehicle with massive muscle engines.► Customization is still as great as it used to be.Neutrals.► Making profits and earning XP became way more difficult in ATS, leading a bitter taste of not progressing fast enough.► Mods support is still a thing but will unfortunately die after any big updates.Cons.► Anything related to cops and tickets became absolutely frustrating. Let me explain, the tickets are now given randomly due to the lack of radar and the fact that they're remplaced by patrol pawliss cars. Ok, wynaut. The price of tickets are now way higher that is was in ETS2. Sound okay I guess. But the main problem is the speed limitation. Switching for 129km/h to 48km/h suddenly, while you will be tr standing on your brakes can results in getting a tickets. I know this game is getting better every update but those random speed limits are one of its true party-crashing problem.► There will always be less content than ETS2. The map, while I will be speculating on the future, sounds mainly focused on the West Coast and the south, so I don't think there will be other states like South Dakota, Michigan or Florida. Plus, the lack of licences, currently, can be felt due to the fact there is only 4 trucks at the moment.TL;DR.This game is a great truck driving and banging sim which can feel like an ETS2 with USA stuff but, due to the fact it came later, suffers from a lack of content and overly A n g e r y cops AI. Still gud tho.80/100"
,Not Recommended,270880,20957585,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BrutalSwede [WP],"Pros:Basically the same as other people have stated. Good graphics, nice sound etc.Cons:Only2 (TWO)3 trucks available (with modifications to them)... and 20 cities. (I think there was a free expansion coming soon, and some more trucks.)Speed limits are all over the place. It can change a dozen times over a 2 mile strech of road, and it just doesn't make sense. Speeding tickets are guaranteed.It can change from 80mph (Truck limit!) to 35mph and then up to 55mph in less than a mile.Not worth $20 atm, wait until more content has been added."
,Not Recommended,270880,20925790,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SSURYC,Missing alot of useful areas you could explore in the states already in the game. Not many trucks and small cities wait for it to update or DLCs.
,Recommended,270880,25130416,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Sgt.Good18,"American Truck Simulator is by far the best Simulation game ever created. Long Hauls, New cities, States. Places we've never seen before! I Highly recommend this game to all Steam Users! Remember to Drive Safe at all times.See ya'll on the Road!"
76561198120304588,Recommended,270880,26642161,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,iibeid,after rescale update - amazing
,Not Recommended,270880,20923537,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Count Akkula,"Have you ever been playing a video game and been relieved to find the police?Neither have I.Drive behind them, slower than them, drive with a car or two in between you and them and it's all for ♥♥♥♥ing nothing. These cops are out to ruin your ♥♥♥♥ing day even worse than the CCTV cameras in the UK. Unlike the cameras though these guys are everywhere, they are moving, and they actively exist to ♥♥♥♥ you up just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, ticketing you while they mindlessly continue driving away along with the rest of traffic, all of which drives faster than you ever could."
,Not Recommended,270880,21721567,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ts3ARocks,"Game is not finished right now. It needs way more content that it currently has. Not saying it's a bad game but now it does not offer alot for the money. Comparing it with ETS2 is like comparing a sandwich to a 5 course meal.Not saying it won't be worth it in the future, just not worth it right now."
,Recommended,270880,20941655,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Uncle_D,"So I'm doing a updated review for ATS and why not, just in time for the holiday badge but more important to give SCS a pat on the back for the current 1.5 beta re-size & re-design of the game map out so far. Sim looks and runs so much better plus the addition of the Peterbilt 389 to the game really sets it off. Still taking a long time for updates, more trucks, and more states, but I willling to wait ah longer to see where SCS is going with this sim, other than the wait I like what SCS got so far. And I think this sim should win this lil Steam contest simply because it deserves it."
76561197991682745,Recommended,270880,28465216,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Defender13,After the rescale the game is fantastic!!
,Recommended,270880,32866797,Posted: 27 June,all,CaptainFlint,"This is a very nice sim that runs along Euro Truck Simulator 2 but across American landscapes. The map size is definitely not among the strong sides of the game, but new states are in development, and with the map rescale SCS did not so long ago (from 1:35 to 1:20) it's quite a number of miles to drive and places to visit. Being the newer game than ETS2, ATS definitely looks better, more professionally designed.On the downside, the AI traffic is quite derpy and sometimes behaves weirdly, which I hope will be fixed in time.All in all, I think this is an excellent game with big future. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,270880,21110020,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,klinex,"Like Euro Truck Simulator 2, but better.-Has a Great Map with free and paid expansions on the way-Makes you feel like you're not alone when driving around, lots going on.Only bad thing i can say about it is that it only supports Dx9. This makes the game have very bad aliasing.9.5/10 - Buy it! Worth it even at Full Price!"
76561198079410708,Recommended,270880,23755128,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ford7000Man,This game is a good game. I am not a personal fan because I'm from uk but for ones who love the American trucks and world this is the game for you! 9/10
76561198061199735,Recommended,270880,32345775,Posted: 11 June,all,Wellsy1498,A fantastic game that builds on the success of ETS2. More polished and better optimised. Once there is more content this will be fantastic.
,Recommended,270880,24323115,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,WLSN,"Overall, i would give this game a 7/10. It's a fun game but it lacks, in my opinion, the real feel of trucking out in the rural areas of America. You don't get the feeling of being sat in a powerful, 8-wheeler listening to some of the latest and greatest Drake tunes on the radio. Obviously, the game is not near finished, i mean, there is about 10 trucks in total and abround 3 states. I suspect the game will add more states and trucks and like they did in the Arizona DLC."
76561198000513881,Not Recommended,270880,22112351,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Swordfish,"The A.I. is soo baaad, so many times I had literally zero chance to avoid the collision and I was fined..."
,Not Recommended,270880,20978744,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lemnaru'600,"2 states3 truckslimited tuningYes, attention to detail is astonishing; yes, you get new AI traffic, new companies, new parking spots, weight stations and not that detailed rain.Even if they will improove it by time, you will get bored i guarante, and 20 euros is too much"
,Recommended,270880,23229862,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Ron Smith,Awesome! I highly recommend getting this if you like real trucking.
,Recommended,270880,22698932,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,{EXi} Sir Epsilon,I didn't see a single Swift Transportation driver causing apocalyptic mayhem and destruction.1/10 very unrealistic
76561198084364799,Not Recommended,270880,20922642,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Paul Vitti,"Actually, I have been waiting for this game since the devs announced that they were going to create the game.However, I'm now a bit disappointed with what I see.Don't expect too many differences from ETS 2, this game contains only some new maps and cities, and also new trucks(only 2 different trucks), that's all. The only thing that I can praise is that roads are more realistic and better than ETS 2.Rest is the exact same of ETS 2, believe me.Moreover, it's a little bit unrealistic when it comes to driving. You'll see what I mean after getting in front of the wheel.You shouldn't be able to move those giant trucks without spending too much effort.Am I expecting too much? I don't think so.If this game was released before ETS 2, I would agree that the game is wonderful; but in this case, it's not, I'm sorry."
76561198034669846,Not Recommended,270880,20932479,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,{FOX} ColinMartin,"Feels like add on game then new game, Very Nice country side and citys but feel too small.... Love the game and all that! Can't wait for more states be realised and hope!! for kenford? old fashion trucks be realised! I have to but this review on 50/50 as NO MP again by SCS! moden times in this world nearly all games people want MP! SO for that reason and other reivews from people I give this a negative for now but like I mention it's a 50/50."
,Recommended,270880,24227168,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Master Shake,"I have quite a bit of history with truck driving simulators since the days of SCS Software's 18 Wheels of Steel franchise. When I first heard of American Truck Simulator, I just about flipped my lid. I've been lookin forward to a revival of 18 Wheels of Steel for quite some time, and this game is more than likely what SCS wanted their original franchise to be. The game uses the same engine as Euro Truck Simulator 2, but there are minor gameplay differences from this and Euro Truck Simulator 2. Two of the most obvious things this game does differently from ETS2 is it's of course, set in the United States.Just a side note, I really hope SCS brings back some of the features from 18 Wheels of Steel like being able to drive through Canada and Mexico.Anyways, the gameplay is different from ETS2. Namely, you see police cars patrolling the highways and city streets, which, I should add as a warning for those who are NOT from the US that play this game: Police cars in the United States have radar built into the vehicles, so just like in real life, they CAN detect if you're speeding even when driving through the oncoming lane. While this is annoying, it does simulate police car radar, and they WILL fine you if you are speeding. Another thing that's different is all 50 US states have laws permitting drivers to make a right turn at a red light, while in Europe, this is either NOT permitted at all, or permitted only in certain areas. However, unlike this game, there are many real life locations in many US cities that have those hated signs that say ""NO TURN ON RED"" at intersection. Those do not exist in this game, so you will never have to worry about being fined for an illegal turn on red. However, for a right turn on red to be ""legal"" in the game, you have to have came to a complete stop at the itersection with your turn signal on, be in the rightmost lane on the road you're on, while yielding to traffic before executing the turn, just like in real life.Another thing that is different in this game than ETS2 is there are weight stations throughout the map. Just like in real world American trucking, the United States Department of Transportation mandates that all freight trucks must be weighed to make sure they are within both federal and state weight regulations, or be faced a fine. If you are overweight, you will be fined (Although I have yet, as of the writing of this review been fined for driving overweight. SCS might not have this as an actual mechanic in the game, but if it is, consider this a friendly heads-up). If you do not stop at the weigh station when it is open you will be fined. That being said, just like in real life, the weigh stations are open from a certain time, and close at a certain time. However, if the stations is not closed, you WILL weight that truck or be fined.Another side note: If you are driving a truck without a trailer, which is often called ""bobtailing"" in American truck slang (Not sure if it's also used in Europe), you are NOT required to use a weight station.Another thing that is taken from real life and put into this game is driver fatigue, just like in ETS2. Just like in ETS2, there is a setting where you can turn it off.The game's current state only has California, Nevada and Arizona as US states that you can go to, but SCS plan on adding the entire continental US, with my hopes being they will add Canada, Mexico, and some of the US's territories like Puerto Rico. That being said, I highly recommend buying this game, but at the same time, there is a very limited amount of map even with Arizona. I bought this game knowing how much map there is to start, but I honestly recommend buying this after some more US states are released. I really recommend buying this after a minimum of five US states (including California, Arizona and Nevada) are featured within the game."
76561198139197487,Recommended,270880,34275958,Posted: 16 August,all,Fischead,Decent distraction. Needs more love being the afterthought of ETS. The way map coverage is recorded is different from ETS. In ETS if you drive thru a highway exit area ALL exit and entrance ramps are marked as discovered. In ATS you have to actually drive on every inch of all road surfaces to get credit. Is this because the ATS map is so tiny? I look forward to more truck brands and more roads to explore. A side note if you play the multiplayer version ATS online is actually civil in players actions most of the time. For some reason ETS is full of ignorant rammers and blockers..... not once did I not have an incident on the ETS online servers. ATS is trouble free.....
,Recommended,270880,29282026,Posted: 15 January,all,ThatRandomGamer4207 I MET,"This is a smaller, American. brother of ETS. I may only have 2 truck companies and in need of a bigger map (I.E America as a whole). It still amazing!"
,Recommended,270880,25560774,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,chuan,"I would say that American Truck is almost the same as Euro Truck. What's different is the sceneries, trucks, trailers and of course the road. I personally like the game, but at the moment the game itself is getting boring due to its relatively small map and scale. But the dev are working on it so I guess it will be much more better soon. I would recommend buying this if you have already own Euro Truck. But if you are planning or deciding which to buy between american or euro, I would totally recomment Euro Truck first before American."
76561198123545493,Recommended,270880,30628364,Posted: 19 March,all,[S.PLH] Birdhouseman104,"This is one awesome trucking game! The map is very extensive, trucks are well done, and it feels very realistic. Though it does lack some content at this point, there are plenty of mods out there that really enhance the experience you get from this game! This game will only get better with more and more content that comes out of updates!"
,Recommended,270880,28323646,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Interritus,"American Truck Simulator;As you can tell from the name, it's a simulator. It's based off the Euro Truck Simulator series and made by the same company so if you enjoyed ETS you'll want to pick this game up as well. Let's just start this review off by saying, simulators are not for everyone. In American Truck Simulator you take the wheel of an 18 wheeler across California, Nevada and Arizona. (More states will be added at a later time) You start your own trucking company and make deliveries. As you progress the distance gets longer and the money you make increases. Honestly, this is one of the best simulator games around. It's a great way to just sit back, relax and pass the time peacefully. Nobody is yelling at eachother like in multiplayer games. The only thing you have to worry about is keeping your truck in its lane, not hitting other cars/trucks and stopping for red lights. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves driving games and who maybe looking to get into simulators.Pros:-Great Time Passer-Good Graphics-Very Realistic-You Drive All Across the United States-Learn How to Manage Your Own CompanyCons:-There is none, buy this game.Final Verdict:10/10"
76561198059169964,Recommended,270880,24049283,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,(ETH) Rothbard,Another masterpiece by SCS. I would like to play this game in a persistent world (universe) multiplayer mode. It is my dream!
76561198013315005,Not Recommended,270880,21033150,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Brian O'Conner,"The game is more of what ETS 2 was, but now set in the US.  Unfortunately, it is only set in California and Nevada, which means you have a very limited map to work with.  I miss the ETS variety of cities and countries, and I don't think that the size of the US is an excuse.  More states should have been included, and having them as DLC later on is pretty lame.In addition, police fines are brutal, so if you go a bit over the speed limit then you may be losing half of the income from that haul.Ultimately, the game feels bland to me so far, but I will need to see more to decide more completely.  Hopefully I can get more into it, but I am not liking it the way I enjoyed ETS 2.  I would not spend the money again, at least until more content is added."
,Recommended,270880,20976874,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Baloo Uriza,"All in all a very nicely done US followup to Euro Truck Simulator 2.  Probably could have been a little better researched, though, AFAICT, there's no 80 MPH limits outside Texas and some of the signage is a little funky, with freeway construction zones having noticably last-minute signage compared to the real world.  A few of the Interstate freeways have intersections (this is basically not something that exists in real life save for a few farm access points, and these have been mostly been changed to ramps even if they only serve one farm at this point).  But, it wouldn't surprise me if this gets worked out in a later update."
76561198190135211,Recommended,270880,25675075,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cobra,very good high detailed truck realistic graphics i would rate the game 10 out of 10
,Not Recommended,270880,35004477,Posted: 16 September,all,Alternate 1985 Biff Tannen,"At the core, ATS is a relaxing, fun experience. If you just want to get into a truck and drive, this is a perfect ""simulator/game"" for you.However, even in what would seem to be massive success with the Truck Simulator franchise, SCS seems to be coming up extremely short on the innovation and progression of the game.The biggest issue is content. The base game simply does not have enough. First off, trucks. SCS seems to have only been able to secure a license with a single American truck manufacturer. That means, the only trucks in the game are made by Paccar. Kenworth, and Peterbilt. The saddest part is since these are both Paccar trucks, they are very similar with differences mostly being cosmetic. When it comes down to it, there are 4 trucks in the game. SCS said that more trucks were coming way back, but have been completely silent for quite a while about the trucks. I seriously doubt that any more are coming.Now, area. I understand the challenges of modeling maps and areas, but the TS series isn't exactly a revolution in map detail, given that they're only mapping linear corridors, really. The lack of area mapped so far is... disappointing. Instead of exceeding expectations, SCS has actually come up very short. Again, putting everything new behind DLC is one thing, but new areas aren't even available as DLC!Next to the core mechanics of the simulator. Let's face it, this is essentially a reskin of ETS2. If you're happy with the ""business side"" of running a trucking company to basically hiring drivers, leveling them up, and having enough garage spots and trucks for them compelling, then this will be satisfying. Because that's really all this game is beyond you driving your own truck. You can't own and manage your own trailers, you don't build contracts with certain shippers. There's so, so, so much more that can be done on the ""company management"" side of the game.Finally, to the business of ""simulating trucking"". There's some very basic aspects modeled beside driving the truck itself. Yes, the game calls it ""truck simulator"". Not ""trucking simulator"", and that's a good reason. Most of the aspects like weigh stations, fueling, sleeping, aren't really modeled in detail. It seems logical to model the dynamic of having a sleeper cab or not determine where you could rest. That's simply not here.So, this game is a good experience for just relaxing and putting some miles in. It's just not very deep and SCS seems OK with that. There's probably opportunity here for someone else to come in and make something better, since there's clearly a market and SCS seems willing to rest on their laurels and slowly crank out DLCs to keep their business running rather than innovating and putting in new features.I'm gonna mark this as don't recommend simply because the game has some negatives and they need to be seen so expectations are properly set. As I said before, this game is great to pick up and relax and drive a bit, but don't expect much beyond the driving itself."
76561197998823289,Not Recommended,270880,34640311,Posted: 31 August,all,KONFLICTZZ,"I bought this game when it first released with high expectations and the hopes of an amazing game. I knew what I was getting into with limited content and I accepted paying that cost to help support SCS make this game into the awesome game I know it can be. The problem is I expected Some progress on this game. I sit here writing a review a year and a half after the games release with no real progress made.At the current state that ATS is in we have 3 states all that were promised to us as part of the base game and took 4 months for just that to put in the third and fulfill peoples pre orders. Now we are slowly coming up to the 2 year mark and in that 2 years we have basically got what we were promised when we first bought the game. A pointless Rescale of the whole base games map which people are soon going to find is going to royally f them as the game develops later on down the line but wait and see on that one.Not to mention we are hoping the first real piece of DLC content in New mexico will be releasing later on this year and before the 2 year mark. This is for state number 4 out OF THE 44 CONTINENTAL STATES THEY STILL NEED TO COMPLETE. do the math  44/4 x 2 gives you a grand total of 22 THAT MEANS AT THIS RATE OF PROGRESS THIS GAME WILL NOT BE COMPLETED FOR 22 YEARS IF IT HAS NO DELAYS...Let's summarise before the 2 year mark we have our pre order bonus fulfilled had a unnecessary rescale and we are hoping to have the first real piece of DLC come out for this game before those 2 years are up, and a current progress of game completion in 22 years not the significant progress I was hoping for.This is before I get into the fact that the developers seemingly have a sheer lack of interest working on this game at the moment, and would much rather work on there predecessor game of ETS 2. Want evidence of this let us do a comparison on what has came out for ATS vs ETS, since ATS has been released.ATS has had 7 dlc's come out for it all cosmetic DLC's apart from one of them being map content, and that being the free pre order map bonus content of Arizona. Now compare with ETS 2 that has had 1 map release with France 1 that will be done before the 2 year mark which is Italy so I am counting this as 2 map releases and 22 new cosmetic DLC's released (primarily paint packs) in the year and a half that ATS has come out 7 DLC'S for ATS vs the 24 ETS 2 DLC packs or 23 if we do not count Italy so please people who try to critique this review tell me how that does not show them focusing more on ETS2?I NOW STATE CLEARLY because of the above there is no way in my right mind I can tell people that this is worth the £14 price tag AT THE MOMENT IN IT'S CURRENT STATE with a current progress for the full game to be done in 22 years and a lack of interest by the Developers.I mean if you are a diehard fan of the Truck simulator series then sure pull the trigger on this game but be under no illusion this game is deprived of content and expect a lack of any real content for I would say a good 2 to 3 years while SCS wrap up everything on Euro Truck simulator 2. If on the other hand you are totally new to the truck driving simulation games and were thinking this would be a Awesome place to start STAY AWAY FROM IT FOR NOW, come back in 3 years when more has been added or better yet go and spend that £14 on Euro Truck simulator 2 and you will get Way more bang for your buck.This Review will be subject to change if and When New content releases for ATS and we start seeing the developer become interested in making this game again."
,Not Recommended,270880,20926262,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,anyquestions?,"It's mostly Euro Truck Simulator 2I have to say as someone who loves Euro Truck simulator I have to say I am going to be refuning this and going to buy it when all the states are released, as it stands, there is just too little in the game for my limited amount of money I can spend on a game, it feels allot like a skin for Ets2 which isn't bad, it's what I thought it would feel like, but launching with only 2 states ready that seems a little small to me, and then states are going to be DLC, it all comes down to how much the states are going to cost, but unless they change to a region system for states that is at least 48 peices of DLC for this game... that is allot and could be incredibly expencive to buy the complete game. So I would issue an air of cauction with this game and if you can be a bit patient, wait and see what happens.so basicallydoesn't feel like enough gamecould be very expencive to actually get all of itdoen't change much"
76561198056054399,Recommended,270880,28330495,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,HannibalSmith,"Wow - since the rescale this really has got the feeling!No driving game has that much bald eagles going on in my stomach.Yes, it is only three states at the moment, but what a driving experience.And with some mods regarding ai-traffic and some more trucks it´s hitting the next level.Highly recommended!"
76561198048661145,Not Recommended,270880,21008264,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jcnavyd,"So I have been playing Euro Truck for a long time now. Thought I would give this a try... Well its basically Euro Truck just set with different scenery and so forth. Which I am ok with for the record. My biggest issue is that its so super un realistic and inconsistant. For One there are cops EVERYwhere. And the same cop can peg you multiple times at $1000 a pop. First off no traffic ticket in the US is $1000 unless its a DUI and so forth. Two there are stationary cops on the side or the road... They dont peg you. And lastly even if you are driving behind a police cruiser they hit you with a ticket also. At $1000 for a load that nets $2100 this is rediculous. These issues are NOT present in the Euro Truck game, at least from what I have seen and have played a good amount of time on that. This just seems like a rushed game profit vs the fans. I will continue to play this game because I am a fan of the franchise, but I would NOT recommend anyone to buy this as their first purchase in the franchise. Save the money and Get Euro Truck."
,Recommended,270880,32405800,Posted: 14 June,all,lateral,Super realistic until you get into a small garage and can't move your truck out. You then ask for service and you get the service just fine but then crash again because your semi is too big.
,Not Recommended,270880,21392404,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SongSungBlue,"Having over 15 years as a company driver and owner operaitor before retiring I have to say this game brings back a lot of memories. Though I found a lot of things that are not close to being realistic, this game offers a variety of things I have seen that are. For one I found the graphics in this game better then what is in the real million dollar (plus) simulaitor I've had the privilage to use on more then one occasion and I like the way this game gives a very small taste of some of the realisticly hard places to get in and out of and a little of what real truckers may encounter during a trip. I'd also like to mention the fact that for what you get in this game I feel is very reasonably priced do to the fact that everything that is left out such as pre-trip inspection, log books, dealing wit dispatchers and brokers and even the creativity involved in finding a place to park in a truckstop after dark would all cost the developers more time and lead to a much higher initial cost to the gamming community. With all that being said, The biggest draw back to this game is that even though it can be played with a keyboard and mouse it is very difficult and somewhat tireing as both hands a kept busy all the time as you are constantly pressing keys to correct steering with one hand and with your other you are ajusting camera angles, operaitng turn indicators, and a ton of other tasks. Breaking is another difficult thing to master with a keyboard as if you leave your finger on the break button a millisecound to long, You will stop dead in the road or sidewalk, whichever you may be driving on at the time. One really needs a gaming steering wheel and pedel set up. This would defenitly improve a players gamming experiance and I think should be listed as a recommendation under the system requirments. I am currently using a mouse ,Keyboard and Logitech flight stick (to help with smoother steering but even that gets old fast and I am only commpleteing 3-4 trips a day before movig on to a more casual game. So in closing I just want to say if your thinking about purchesing this game, you may wish to consider the computer hardwear I mentiond first, that is if you can afford the expence, otherwise you may feel a tiny bit disapointed as I do."
,Not Recommended,270880,20926237,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,GussiePotato,"I find the graphics to be sub par.  I have everything cranked up to maximum but feel like it is not as crisp or clean as some of the main stream titles out there.  I dont want to feel like I am just driving around GTA in a truck, with worse graphics, which is kind of what it feels like.  All in all kind of a disappointment after all the hoopla and build up for its release."
76561198116695038,Not Recommended,270880,20916546,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Old Gamer,"First impression is if you have played ETS2, then you'll absolutely be at home with ATS. The streamed US radio really does add to the atmosphere (ha, I heard what sounded like Johnny Cash singing Personal Jesus in the first 5 mins of playing).Pros:  It's a whole new environment for ETS2 fans.Cons: Whilst the scenery is nice, the graphics are looking very dated. Even knowing beforehand about the police being everywhere, I still managed to be $2k down on my first run trying to be as careful as possible. Ugh! I know it's early days but the map is pretty sparse - like driving in the UK only on ETS2. The miles seem smaller which makes the maps feel quite small. Some game breaking bugs like the retarder suddenly being stuck on for no earthly reason and unfixable or the ""turn right"" feature not working.I recommended this game at the start, but experience now says that the Devs need to fix quite a bit before you'll get your moneys worth even at the low price on release."
76561198142936666,Recommended,270880,25660986,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,J.P.MOTORSPORTS,"Another great game from SCS, only 3 states for now but loving it anyway."
,Recommended,270880,29502078,Posted: 26 January,all,Hazardous-Drunk,"Love love love this game, Lot of truckers in the family so this is a nice relaxing time for me..Graphics are great, AI isn't the brightest but adds more suspense  , tons of mod options.Only thing I can really complain about is the truck selection, and I know it isn't the devs fault but hello Licensing people (Its like free advertisment for you, let them add trucks)And also lacking cities in the 3 current states and states in general."
76561198247959540,Recommended,270880,30819388,Posted: 29 March,all,laidbackdreadhead,Awesome Game! For the young and old. I love it........ Reminds me of my grandfather!
,Recommended,270880,21037345,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Koekjuh,"Pros:-Great landscapes and detailed city's-Weigh stations implented-Aircraft (helicopters, jets)-Dead bushes-Detailed AI Traffic-Police Sirens when you get a fine-Improved Graphics-Realistic Roads-Compatibility with H-Shifter steering wheels (G27 i.g.)Cons:-Same Interface as ETS2-Only 2 trucks to choose from (I know that there are coming more, but they could've used fake brands like they did in ETS2)-Lack of truck customization options compared to ETS2-Lack of pedestrians at certain points (Some points do have a lot of pedestrians, but some not, which are perfectly made for pedestrians)-Fines are overpriced-I miss a CB Radio from what they did in 18WoSOverall, I really enjoy playing this game but like every game there are some points that can be improved, and if you look to the greater things of the game, you forget some of the cons.8/10"
,Recommended,270880,23437037,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,xÐoþe,Playing hours say enough.
,Recommended,270880,23265867,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Carper,"With the new add-ons and DLC, it is becoming a much better game. Definitely needs to have more trucks though!"
,Not Recommended,270880,20919531,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,pmar.prj,"Burgerland Truck Simulator.Needs content that SCS is working on.I have no idea why they released it when it wasnt done.The trucks are even slower than the ones in ETS2.They are also about 100 times bigger to hold your fat american rear and your mom at the same time.The police car scared me when it went off the first time i got a speeding ticket.THE BOTTOM LINEI dont recommend it as it is right now, but the game will hopefully be more complete in the future."
,Recommended,270880,22986019,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Th3xAvenger,"I am surprised how addictive this game is, I find myself driving up and down California and Nevada daily, I wish they whole 48 Continental united states were included and maybe Canada and Mexico but from what I read the free DLC they relese are the new states they are working on and hope to have North America at some point I am excited and hope they are able to deliver.(Pun intended)"
,Recommended,270880,26078221,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Come Back Later,"great game, id like to see more updates and more trucks like from international and such"
,Recommended,270880,24758871,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Panzerscout,"In a nutshell: change gear, change gear, change gear, check your mirror, murder a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, change gear..."
76561198008511567,Not Recommended,270880,21207593,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,CGU - Eddy,"OK, so I've played Eurotruck sim 2 for several hundred hours and have been looking forward to this game coming out, and for a number of reasons I highly recommend this game, however for fewer but far more important reason I dont recommend this. so here goes.Pro'sIt's good looking,It's good valueIt's slightly a different experience from Euro TrucksThe Badsome of the roads are to tight to drive around properlyThe scale of the map has basically ruined the game, for example you can get from LA to Las Vagas in around 5 minutes, I know they cant do it to true scale, but some resemelance of how big the USA actually is would of gone down well, I know they are releasing other states in time, but I cant see them rectifying such a massive issue with the game. And for tha reason I wouldnt recommend it.If you like truck sims, I can guess you have already purchased most of the DLC's from the previous game, and if its really American rigs you like, I would save your money and just use MOD's for Euro Trucks, theres a far greater choice of American rigs for free and the MODS are easy to install, plus many other maps etc to keep the game fresh."
,Not Recommended,270880,20929107,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Murcielago,"Right, so I have been playing American Truck Simulator. The idea itself is great, a change of pace from the European region to the U.S. However, we waited a long time only to find the sequel is pretty similar to Euro Truck Simulator 2 to the point I am beginning to think it is a re-skin with American made trucks and the map of the USA!My biggest concern for this game is that it sticks to the time consuming tedious skill point system as it takes HOURS upon HOURS to unlock stuff like longer distance driving, a larger variety of cargo and this is naming but a few. The gameplay and  seem exactly the same as ETS2.I am going to refund this game. Euro Truck received thumbs up from me because it was the first time I had played something like that and I loved it regardless of the long time grinding to make progress. But if the dev is adapting to ""If it ain't broken why fix it"" motto then count me out."
76561198045348196,Recommended,270880,24873196,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Liam_Neeson,"This is a great game Id say. Definetely worth buying.  You get to drive trucks for jobs, make $$$, handle your own truck business and hire drivers that make more $$ for you. Its pretty neat. Very realistic game.  Gotta follow the traffic laws including speeding, lights, and going to weigh stations and toll booths, or you will be fined. However, there is an option where you can unclick traffic offenses and do whatever the heck you want without the police doing anything.  Free roam the roads of California( truck speed limits suck..), Nevada and Arizona. There are mods you can add inside the game such as making traffic lights longer, adding more reallistic traffic than what they normally have and some other cool stuff. I love the game so far as been playing it over 80 hours now.  Overall, great game!"
76561198006551113,Recommended,270880,21712747,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jacknm2,"I would reccomend this game, yes its lacking content and overall freedom but its a good game as it stands with lots of nice little additions. I would say for the price it is, It's a good purchase, but wait for a sale if you don't think so, 20% off this is deffinetly worth a buy.Others have stated the Pro's and con's and I can only agree. But from my personal perspective I do reccomend buying this and supporting future content."
,Recommended,270880,22712904,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Brendansports,I literally stayed in the menu..Just to listen to the radio station playing Hotline Bling10/10 high quality music from drake
,Recommended,270880,22817462,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,mpegforever,"This is a great game.I still play ETS2 , play this as well. Graphically I prefer this. Mod manager works great. Trucks are beautiful. I make lots of screenshots.Super super !"
,Recommended,270880,21110754,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Damien09,"if u fan ets  2 well this worthy maybe some not feel worthy  of the price ,when ats out with  price hike feel expensive but did scs developer been disapointed ? look how they be great keep ets 2 alive with dlc and updates"
,Not Recommended,270880,20919817,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Geari,"No where near ready for release.The size of the map is plain lazy. I don't wan't to hear excuses from the developers because even Euro Truck Simulator 1  shipped with a larger world map. ATS has a very limited world map, and the distance inbetween locations is way too short.For the price, it's not too bad, but honestly it just doesn't have the same feeling that ETS, and for the meantime I think I'll be sticking to that.TrackIR didn't seem to work either, which seems a little strange as it should be the same engine."
,Not Recommended,270880,20919767,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,PeTTs0n,"I wanted to get into the game, I really did (I loved ETS2 and have ploughed a lot of hours into it), but at the end of the day, the lack of content (two trucks and two states) really made me too disappointed to go on.The map is far too city-focused for my tastes, I'd like to just cruise along the beautiful freeways rather than mess around in a thousand intersections in downtown LA. Sound and graphics design haven't really changed in any noticable way from ETS2, but they're at least decent. I find the UI to be OK enough, same thing there - very similar to ETS2.The content now is about as small (if not smaller) than a DLC for ETS2, which, again, really let me down - will sadly use the Steam refund system for this one (first time I try it out), and may give this one a go in the future, if they add *a lot* of content to it."
76561198164127181,Not Recommended,270880,20950222,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,neal,"I liked the idea of this being an open world game, but wish I hadn't bought it having seen what the triple screen support is like. I can't play it because I get motion sickness with the awful effects of the side screens. Graphics being DirectX 9 doesn't help either. First I got stuck in the depot but eventually got out and made the first drop which took just a few minutes , so a total waste of money for me."
,Not Recommended,270880,20928354,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Swam1231,"I wanted to like this game so very much, but alas, in it's current form a big disappointment. Back to ETS2. Will come back when the game actually improves."
76561198060573674,Not Recommended,270880,20943690,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,eddie,"This game would be great if your a British person with great eyesight who enjoys American culture. But not too much culture. Also, someone who enjoys getting up from the place you steam from to go fiddle with the PC that is running the game. Also, someone who hates using an xbox controller despite it being a flipping driving game. So basically if you're hairy potter and you love lame parking games, you're gonna love this game."
76561198100530207,Recommended,270880,23818826,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GlobalBull,"First job, I go to turn out of the place where I picked up my cargo. I have to make a turn on a tight road, 7 cars are stopped because my trailer is too big. I turn onto the road i need to get on, and I hit all 7 cars, racked up $1280 in accident tickets.10/10 would make wide and slow turns again."
76561198044835539,Recommended,270880,31693901,Posted: 11 May,all,lostboltz,"You can drive around and explore and try to make yourself some money. My wife literally makes fun of me everytime she sees me playing this. She says League of Legends has more value than this, but I find it relaxing in a way. You put on some tunes and drive cross country while trying to avoid those stupid speed traps where the speed drops from 70 to 30 in what feels like ten feet. Also you can honk the horn at everyone and nobody seems to mind!"
,Recommended,270880,25611643,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Jesse,"f&*king mobile police speed cameras! :Pbut seriously, great simulator. plays quite well on my little old laptop too.its nice to play and unwind at the end of the day...until you get stuck behind a tractor wanting to turn across a motorway... *5 hours later* MOVE!!!!"
,Recommended,270880,32659769,Posted: 22 June,all,Dodge Charger,"Euro Truck Simulator 2, but it takes place in the Western United States. Though it would be nice if there were more expansions to popular cities like Detriot, Miami, New York City, Chicago, etc."
,Recommended,270880,27390769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,StevenJam,American Truck Simulator is one of the best trucking simulator to date. Now that SCS has rescalled the map we have a large area to drive and it takes time to get places unlike it taking 10 minutes to get from Las Vegas to Los Angles. I would recomend this game if you like driving and enjoy a relaxing game.
,Recommended,270880,24489565,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,VPC Logistics | Harry | Founder,Awesome game love doing long trips
,Recommended,270880,28367779,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,thelaw1021,"If you include the latest patch increasing the size of the game, this is relaxation at its finest.  The scale is perfect and I finally feel like this is the United States I know and love.  I was drving in game just last night from Barstow to the 10 on the 15 and realized that I recognized the canyon I was in because I'd been through that area multiple times to visit family.  Before the rescale there were elements I recognized, mainly in the cities, but it was missing that authentic American feel because of some inconsistencies - Namely roads intersecting freeways.  I think it about drove me nuts and had me avoiding that particular intersection as much as possible.  Now I don't have that worry and it just feels right.  Tthe additional detail they added in the rescale makes it even better.Thanks to SCS for a quality product, for taking the time to listen to the community, and for capturing the true essence of America."
76561198037085209,Recommended,270880,33734785,Posted: 22 July,all,HaziBrickBear,Just waiting for the Western Star 5700.
,Recommended,270880,35083604,Posted: 20 September,all,Sky❤️ Rzma2,8/10need more details to cities but I only recommend getting it if you have steering wheel
76561198030762078,Recommended,270880,24424018,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Shrewsbury,"I'm a driver IRL, and my wife and friends find it so strange that I play this game. What can I say I love ATS!! It's just a super fun relaxing game! I just hope the add all the states and more trucks."
,Recommended,270880,25092215,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,1-A-81 | TT-Admin | James | TPG,American Truck is an amazing game with high queality graphics they need to expand the map quicker bc people are getting anoyed but its an amazing game with a secret race track. The details on the trucks and other object are very good i recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,270880,23451374,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,UthersonL,"The change of scenery is welcome, as are the bigger cities. If you haven't played your fill of Euro Truck Simulator 2, however, you're better off trying that one first.It's because the amount of content currently on offer in ATS might not be enough for you. Even with the newly released Arizona, the game only offers three trucks and map the size of an expansion for ETS2. If you're expecting a product comparable in scope with ETS2 with its DLC, you'll have to wait a couple of years. Actually, more like five."
,Recommended,270880,21060472,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,J3T,"Basically it's the same ETS2. Atm there isnt very much trucks, only 2 of them. Two states as well. I dont even focus at Long distance cargos, because of that game will get boring really fast. Cops are anoying as ♥♥♥♥ tbh.. But if you do like trucking and you wanna do it in US rather than Eu, then go for it buy it. It feels like just an DLC."
,Recommended,270880,21157277,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Frarebear,"Coming from a family of truckers (3rd gen), this game rocks! A perfect simulator, just wish they would include breakdowns. I feel like if they included a faulty equipment function, the game would be more realistic. Plus everyone would be finding a Detroit 60, 70, 80 series mod to run. The new EPA engines are terrible, which is all this game has to offer. The DEF filters are always clogged and need to be replaced, for a price $$$. I cannot wait for day that this game is complete with all trucks and states. Drive safe!"
,Recommended,270880,22715421,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BearMGaming,Amazing! At least for the Americans! :D Honestly Love it! Good Purchase Made
,Not Recommended,270880,20929718,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,privalovdj,"This is not a new game, this is dlc for ETS 2. Too few differences from ETS 2"
76561198020398354,Not Recommended,270880,20921637,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Picanha Grelhada,The game is not worth its price. It's ETS2 with different trucks(2) and a different map.
76561198090941679,Recommended,270880,30359925,Posted: 6 March,all,DanteDoomBringer,great game has some flaws that would go aginast the dot as a former trucker i would recomend this game just to sti back and drive would love though if they would add some of the struggles real truckers face on a day to day but other than that its a great game
,Recommended,270880,24434750,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Chev,"American Truck Simulator is one of the best and only trucking simulators that actually seperates the men from the boys. If you love long drives and love spending time enjoying the wonderful views, this game is exactly what you need. I myself have spent over 890+ hours enjoying myself on singleplayer and with friends on multiplayer.(Multiplayer is a seperate mod for American Truck Simulator)I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is really into trucking simulators and loves some kenworth and peterbilt trucks.This is truly one of the best trucking simulators out on the market right now. :)My game hours show how much fun I've had in this game and while playing with friends on mp.. this game has a lot of room for potential in today's gaming industry.Thanks for reading.- Chev."
,Recommended,270880,23809151,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Roughneck_Rider,"Hauling a trailer from Sacramento to PhoenixGetting tired in BarstowStarting to fall asleep at the wheelOnly 125 miles to go, I'll make itFell asleep 5 miles from off rampWoke up Truck upside down at service stationTrailer in the middle of the offramp on its sideTruck totaled but trailer 0% damageRepaired truck, used truck to over turn trailerAll is good rightRealized the trailer actually was going to Reno11/10 know where you need to go, dont have unneeded markers on map.Now for the real review, I was basically waiting for this game before it was announced. After it was released there were a few things I liked/ loved about it, and things I don't like about it. But to keep this Simple in this I will still include what has been released so far. I like that it started on the west coast since i live on that side, Sacramento. I like at the very beginning i was able to set my primary garage there. But that you don't care you all want details right!So here we go!Nicely detailed trucks, but after 4 months still only 3, still missing that promised oneSo far only Peterbuilt and Kenworth, would like to see Western Star, Freightliner, Mack...and volvo if you must...ah swift...Customizable trucks, but limited, cant even put all the real engines in the truckslook in the controls, there is a beacon light, but you need a community content to have it, and its only for the W900Alot of cities to drive to, but way to close, BUT THEY DID SAY THEY ARE WORKING ON IT! 1/35 scale to 1/20Added not to the one above, hopefully they use that space to maybe add a city or 5Nicely colored overall, but a bit over saturated, HDR on or off, did i see a diffence?Different trailers to use, small up to 53 footers, would like Heavy/oversize DLC and possible able to haul doublesFix the train tracks, if your going 55-60 and the lights come on, if you dont use everything possible, YOU WILL CRASH!!!I think that was everything, overall AWESOME GAME! fun playing multi-player, TruckersmpI like the world of trucks external contracts. more helpfully then regular sometimes.11/10 will play this for a LONG TIME!! get it!!! ITS FUN!!!"
76561198026354784,Recommended,270880,31198677,Posted: 17 April,all,ksg,"The resaon I play this game is becasue it is so relaxing.  Listening to the radio and checking out the beautifully rendered scenery.  It has amazing detail to everything, the shop windows that you can see inside, the buildings and people walking around, the trees and cars on the road.  Really makes it look real.  Highly recommended for an easy, stressfree game that will amaze you in the visual department."
76561197989992831,Recommended,270880,31848859,Posted: 19 May,all,captainsmitty,good game
76561198104218908,Recommended,270880,31848413,Posted: 19 May,all,jonmeyer1991,"Very fun simulator game, only wish that we could have more then the western states!"
,Recommended,270880,21182159,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,@willoneill,"It didn't take very long for me to tire of discovering America, but the freewheeling criminal I soon became has earned all of the forgiveness I never deserved."
,Recommended,270880,31571746,Posted: 5 May,all,Aykollin,"Never played a driving sim before,  I have always been a sim city fan and to some degree enjoy other variences like sim city. I have had Euro Truck Sim for awhile tried it prior about 15 minutes with kb and mouse and controller. Meh wasnt any fun to me. I do like some driving games such as the gt series for playstation because of the reality and  having a purpose to the actual game besides just winning races. So i was browising the old youtube and landed on a good upload and found myself 45 minutes later still watching this game. I didnt want to jump the gun but i was curious to how much it would cost to get myself a actual wheel, pedals, and h shifter. Money isnt a problem i sunk alot in to my system but i do like buying when the price is right.. I happend to find a g27 with the mounting bracket do mahickey mabobber for 270. I was sold picked it up the next day and bought this..... Enough of about that  tho heres my thoughts.Pros...Realistic simgreat handling and driving experienceawesome detail with a great mod communityFun, realistic and challenging parkingFeels like i have a purpose outside of just playing the game.The list could continue but lets be real what is there to say that has not been said before. Wait did i MENTION there still adding area to the actual game NEW MEXICO???Cons...  Warning these are not game breakers and are more so what i would like to see added not that they are actual cons per say on a normal game review.-Damage.. I would love when i get into a fender bender to see the damage on the actual rig.-Gps.. It is 2017 maybe have voice gps, or have dead zones on the gps where you might loose signal- Road Kill i would love to see some wild life or something besides just cars moving.. just a thought-Flashers when getting a ticket, i would atleast like to know where the cop was when he hit me with the radar guntheres more ideas than complaints but thats just my thoughts anyway10/10 this game is going to reach alot of play time has and awesome community and lets you feel the experience vs just experiencing the experience of another game.. Thx Devs and community i love this game!!!!"
,Not Recommended,270880,22447417,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Anita,"I previously wrote a review for this game and I was pretty much in favor for, till recently.  There are a lot of things that have moved me from a positive review to a negative review of this game.1.  Content - no content has even been released for this game this year alone.  (2017) At the beginning of the year we were told about New Mexico.  Yet it is currently may 5 months later and still hasn't been released.2.  They are constantly giving ETS2 updates and new things and seems to be leaving ATS in the dark with updates and content.3.  The considered the resizing a ""valuable"" update, yet all they did was make it longer to get jobs done.  Great but what about new states, there are 50 of them and I might just not live long enough to see them all released.Those are the major things I found pretty negative about the game.Positive - I think the overal game play is pretty good and fun.  Though it would be better if we didn't keep running into the same trolls or people in the game. Please SCS focus on ATS for a solid 6 months and give it the love it deserves."
76561198106331461,Recommended,270880,25535843,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Matt_797Gaming,Its AWSOME!
,Recommended,270880,23229724,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,hunterkiller_92,"This game is amazing. I love all the Truck simulators by SCS Software. American Truck Simulator is already shaping up to be the best one yet. The stunning visuals of this game are breath taking, especially if you use SweetFX which brings the game to life.The scope of the world is huge and really feels like your on the road.\I have one suggestion and something that I have wanted to see in this series for a while now, is to have the service lines and glad hands connect to the trailer from the truck to give it that extra beauty (is there somewhere that I can suggest this feature?) With the recent (advance coupling) that came with Arizona I know its possible.I love the advance coupling system, as well as the scales it really gives it that uniqe American feel."
,Recommended,270880,21220038,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,"The game is exactly like Euro Truck Simulator 2 except it's in America. It's an awesome game, as I was expecting it to be. The graphics don't really seem any different to me, maybe a little more vibrant and much more to look at in the world compared to ETS2 but nothing has really changed. The only downsides I see right now is the fact that you can only play in 2 states at the moment which are California and Nevada (Arizona is coming soon as free DLC). I think there are only two truck manufacturers at the moment, which from what I've seen are Kenworth and Peterbilt. The timescale is a lot faster in ATS but I think that's because of how big the map is going to be once it's completely finished... which makes sense I guess. I'm so used to the slower timescale in ETS2, knowing when I need to get gas and when to sleep, etc.... I got a bit thrown off in ATS but I'm getting used to it. This is a good game for those who just like to drive and want a realistic experience. Once the USA map is complete I imagine it will blow ETS2 out of the water, no doubt about it."
,Recommended,270880,33874320,Posted: 28 July,all,Turbanator,Very relaxing and soothing game. Modding community is great. Beautiful environment and detailed trucks. Multiplayer mod is recommended. Looking forward to future updates  and map expansion packs.
,Recommended,270880,33981540,Posted: 2 August,all,Josuke Higashikata,"Great game to pass the time, and if you're in to trucks, this is the game for you. Gives a different feel compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2, everything is bigger like the roads, trucks, and landscape. This game has lots of future potiential with 3 states so far (As of August 2017) and 47 states to go, just imagine the time it would take to go across the country lol. Love this game to the max, driving your big truck across the land with the music of your choice is the relaxation. There's also Multiplayer (3rd Party Addon) so you can have Convoys with others. Great game, SCS Software doesn't fail us again!"
76561198393768734,Recommended,270880,33653378,Posted: 19 July,all,Optical Taze,I like to play this game because I thought being a truck driver would be so fun
76561198046928969,Recommended,270880,23458518,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Obi Van Kenobi,"Yet another Truck Simulator.This game is like Euro Truck Simulator 2, only American.Same gameplay, same economics and same graphics...But. It's american, dude! There is no place for litres, kilometers and tonns. There are galons, miles and pounds.All these american desert sceneries - ruined trucks and buildings, desert and mountains. Not your fresh, green and shiny Europe.And capot trucks. They are amazing. Engine sound just charming - big engine rocks as it should.Should it be just an DLC to ETS 2? May be.Anyway - it is a worthy revamp of a game."
,Recommended,270880,21611858,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,skiipah,"The game overall is amazing, even on lower graphics settings. SCS I think have taken into account all the complaints abot the AI in ETS 2. The #1 feature about the AI that is purely genius, is that they can reverse away from your truck. I don't mind the low amount of trucks because SCS constantly release new DLC that includes new maps and trucks. Overall 10/10. If you don't have this game, BUY IT!"
76561198072614868,Recommended,270880,29425357,Posted: 22 January,all,Human Toboggan,One of the best simulation games I've played in quite awhile. I love the open road feel to it and the way it brings back the old time trucking feel. I can't wait till they add more states. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,270880,22170034,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,harrygoozee,"Only played this game for seven hours so far, but so far I'm not dissapointed. I did worry about the amount of content in the game compared to ETS2 at first. I have thousands of hours in ETS2 so ATS felt right at home. All the menus are the same, but slightly redesigned. The map might seem small, but it's still 1300km to cross the map which takes a good half hour.There are only three trucks at the moment and customisation is limited, but I'm sure that more will be added and the Volvo has already been confirmed by SCS."
76561198131240737,Recommended,270880,27998167,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Extreme Machine,"-Starts Driving-Hits Wall-Hits Tree-Hits Car-Hits Something Else-Hits Another Truck-Runs Someone Over-Makes It Out Of LA-Gets To Fresno, Hitting Everything-Delivers The Food-Gets 0 XP-GREAT GAME"
,Recommended,270880,23607652,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Luigi?,To put into perspective how fun this game is ... I used to be a delivery driver and couldn't wait to get off work so I could play a delivery driver simulator.
76561198358090889,Recommended,270880,30282567,Posted: 2 March,all,sgtsnodawg499,"Been playing 18 wheels of steel since hard truck was released. So I am a huge fan of these, and I hope SCS continues to deliver more after ATS, maybe they might include Canada regardless since I am Canadian myself as alot of others might be as well."
,Recommended,270880,31699038,Posted: 12 May,all,⛟✪ ATGG ✪⛟,Here is my oppinion on American Truck Simulator.I bought ths game because i had played Euro Truck Simulator 2 for a while. So i wanted a little change. So i started to drive in ATS for a change. Here is my pros and cons.Pros:You will be driving in America.American trucks.Cons:It is more or less the same as ETS2.Thats all i have... sorry... :(
,Recommended,270880,31769544,Posted: 15 May,all,comminsar,Why are these games so ♥♥♥♥ing fun?!!!!!
,Recommended,270880,21602326,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,"Captain Tom ""Nutella""","Whilst the game being limited currently, due to just coming out, I like it a lot! This is ETS2 but in America, however, this is a minor thing to me. SCS has gone over the top with patriotism. Also, the air horn sounds like a little high shrill. But this game is damn good. Worth the 20 bucks? Ummmm, I guess, I mean there isn't hardly to much in the game but it's worth it."
,Recommended,270880,22170298,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,sherman9872,Gets a truck. Damages it a lot. Gets a driver for hire. Starts a job. Almost there. Ran out of gas. Got assistance for 1K that included a quarter of a tank. Gets to destination with 5 minutes left to spare with no damage on trailer.10/10 would recommend.
76561198006883043,Recommended,270880,30015962,Posted: 18 February,all,Trucker Judd,"One of the best truck games out there, still not close to the real thing. The scenery is rather detailed and matches the locations. Yet the roads and map still feel limited on where you can go with the routes.  My controller works well but a wheel would probably suit this game best."
,Recommended,270880,27795617,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,behamm,you cant sleep? play this game..
,Recommended,270880,22281640,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[S.D.G.] Wolf XXVII,Overall a very great game. Could use more trucks as there are only 3. It will be fun to see what SCS delivers after the Arizona DLC.
,Not Recommended,270880,21454248,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Danniel,"I just hated it. It has the exact same physics, feel and sounds as Euro Truck Simulator 2 and that feels wrong, and weird. It lacks the soul and fun and heart that the 18 wheels of steel games had and it just seems dull and lifeless to me compared to them. I refunded my purchase and will be using it to buy the French DLC for ETS2 so these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at SCS will get my money anyway but I just want to put into words how much of a dissapointment american truck simulator was for me"
76561197971196625,Not Recommended,270880,34913440,Posted: 12 September,all,Hexen,"I posted this on SCS's Facebook awhile back but this still rings true.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------American Truck Simulator Release Date: Feb 2, 2016It is currently, August 17, 2017. Let's just round up a little and give it the 'ole 1.5 year mark.After 1.5 years. American Truck Simulator currently only features 3 states out of 50. Okay Okay, I'll be fair..... 48 states they could make realistically.New Mexico has been in the work from SCS own mouths for the last 7 months. So lets assume New Mexico drops tomorrow (Which it isn't.)Going by SCS own timeline. At the current rate, you will see American Truck Simulator finished with all 48 states in Apr. 18 2043.Yes, that's right. At the current pace it will be finished in a measly 26 years.ROLLS EYES."
,Not Recommended,270880,29042298,Posted: 5 January,all,Coberlyl,would be nice if the devs would be a little more focused on the map and the state expansions than they were the paint jobs and the hub caps and steering wheel modifications... i want to see more
,Recommended,270880,22206516,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Revozport,One word : Murica
,Recommended,270880,22309004,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Johnny_Boi_!,"This is a great game it is based on the west side of the USA. Currently there are 2 states, California and Nevada. They are working on Arizon right now. It is realistic and fun, the steam workshop adds a GREAT aspect to the game also. Deffinetly recomend this game to any one."
,Recommended,270880,31279410,Posted: 21 April,all,Nenad Kralj,"Really, I can't get enough of this, I need more maps (roads) for my empire. Give me more!! I think that whit that I slayed all. Differently in love!!-One note to add - PLEASS- try to make it ""lighter"" for us who have dual cores PC or not so ""good"" machines!? Thank you !!"
76561198078456344,Recommended,270880,20956329,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,softstuff (Matthew),Well Its been a long time since I have writen a review for any but I decided to do it for this game.Lets start with the cons1) Freight train are to short2) No directx11/12 support yet3) To scaled down you can drive 1000 miles in one hour.4) Not enouth varation in the at traffic5) AI traffic are still dumasses6) The fines in the early game are to muchNow the pro's of there are alot of them.1) Very good map detail2) Very realxing to play just like ETS23) Easy to setup4) UI i very easy to understand5) The sounds on the standard trucks are awesome6) Good challenging parking spots7) Mod support many mods avalibe already8) The police sound are very cool9) Weightstations10) Good intersrting trailers in the early game.11) You can turn right on a red lightSo as you can see the pro's way out do the cons. I would recomeded this game as I think it will get better with time.
76561198267938791,Not Recommended,270880,20919442,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ratatat,"Fix the AI, are you joking? should be a given when it's called ''simulator''."
,Recommended,270880,22820857,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Skaut GG,My game crashed cause I skipped the weigh station...10/10 -IGNError : Weight Limit exceeded | ATS.exe has stopped working.
,Recommended,270880,20939571,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,#PULISICFORPRESIDENT,"Well, this is the new installment of SCS Software trucking simulators. I have been following this developer since I started PC gaming in 2007-2008. The 18 wheels of steel franchise will nostalgically always be with me.Is this game worth the buy?Yes, well it sort of depends on you.Pros if you haven't played ETS 2:-A more lively,creative,well done map.-Has a ton of content.-Is a great simulator-The community and developers are great-The map is large for only comprising of 2 states (the only ones out as I did this review)-Does not get boring until hours into the game.-Has a in-game streamable radio-Is compatiable with every steering wheel,controller,and you can play using mouse,keyboard,and onion (not really.)Pros if you have played ETS 2:-No cities are the sameAs you can see, this is a lot like ETS 2, but it has a lot of new content.Cons:-Is a lot like ETS 2.-Has a smaller map at the moment-Radio still hates Fall Out Boy (it skips them and some other artists songs for some reason)-Only has 2 trucksMy score out of 100:If you take in account ETS 2: 78/100If you dont care about ETS 2 and is judging this game only: 90-91/100Great game would run red lights again."
,Recommended,270880,20953257,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Cloud,"This game is well worth more than £15.00, Also they are a good solid company that wont just run off with your cash, They will keep developing the game and making new DLC just like they do with Euro Truck Simulator.This game is well worth buying!Hats off to everyone at SCS!"
76561198092859323,Recommended,270880,29884930,Posted: 12 February,all,Cloaked Gem,PROS-Lovely Scenery-Detailed Truck Interiors.-Relaxing.CONS:-A bit boring but that's a given with a trucking game.
,Recommended,270880,23436417,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ptr1ck,Best $20 you can spend on a game.
,Recommended,270880,24397257,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BlazingFunyun,"First of all, this game is so beautiful. The first thing I noticed, once I configured my settings correctly, is how smooth everything looks. Driving during a sunset in California is absolutely gorgeous.This game has much more than one might think. 90% is driving trucks and parking trucks, but you're also trying to develop your own truck-delivery company. That's a good chunk of the fun for me; saving up money to buy a truck and hire drivers and make a name for myself. But the other part is letting the whirr of the engines and the pitter-patter of the rian consume me for hours.I do have one major problem, and given that I make music and listen to it nearly every hour, it's a big deal to me. Whenever I try to load my own music (the proper way, mind you) and play it in the game, the game crashes. On top of that, the radio stations seemed to work the first time I tried them, but they haven't been playing anything since. Everything else in the game makes noise except for the radio.I love this game, but I really hope whatever bug is causing the game to crash when I try to play my own music is fixed soon. Keep up the good work, fellas!"
76561198232273940,Recommended,270880,24414020,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,andy.m.russell,"this game is amazing there are a lot of really coo mods for this game which make the game that one bit better, which gives you a great change to try out new trucks, paintjobs and trailers"
,Recommended,270880,24510825,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Caveman - True Paleo Formula,gr8 game.
76561198155549121,Recommended,270880,24576238,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,cptknucklez25,very nice game
76561198041107726,Recommended,270880,24576501,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ACEREROS14,I love this game!!!!!! Feels like I am accually driving a truck. Beautiful scenery and graphics!!!! Thank you SCS Softwar for making this game!!!!
76561198275514128,Recommended,270880,23210466,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,rubberburner89,"Straight Up Addictive. Peaceful, relaxing... yet at time stressful and frustrating!"
,Recommended,270880,24055392,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tundra,Game of the Year
,Recommended,270880,25596961,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Glaex,"Taking them forever to make a decent sized map, but it's still a great game. Probably the only good game with ""Simulator"" in the title. Good fun if you just want to go on a relaxing drive, listen to some music (any mp3s work), and chill."
,Recommended,270880,23717976,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bmbm_14,Love It 10/10 one of the best games i have ever played Strongly recemened it for any one who likes good simulatorsIt feels like you are actuly pulling a trailer its not even close to say farming simulatorSorry For Any Miss Spelled Anything
76561198319460883,Recommended,270880,25467124,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,julianne1019,Great game except I don't know how to do multiplayer.
,Recommended,270880,23916657,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Trainer,"The fact that I have over 100,000 miles on my truck says it all. If you enjoy casual games that are yet strategic, this game is great!"
76561198137239035,Recommended,270880,24054304,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,onplay101,this game is going to make it far cant what to see whats next
76561198102136180,Recommended,270880,28857490,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Slim Jones,Of all my games on Steam I've logged the most hours in ATS.  It's definitely my favorite and I enjoy most everything about it.  The only dislikes I have about the game are the strict way speed is enforced and how any accident is your fault.  AI traffic does cause some accidents but you will always pay the fine.  You do have the options to turn off traffic infractions so that makes up for the dislikes.  The game is very immersive and very pleasing to the eye.  The scenery is great and the map has been expanded in size.  While it may take a painstakingly long time to get more states it's worth the wait in my opinion.  SCS is doing an excellent job getting this simulator right and it shows.  The mods in Steam workshop are easy to apply directly into the game thanks to the built-in mod manager.  I will continue to play this sim for a long time thanks to the quality of the stock sim and the mods available!
76561198136177041,Recommended,270880,23722953,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LordBenji 😺,"I really like this game so far, even if it's fairly small. I always loved to have a game where I can just enjoy driving and explore at my own pace. The only downside would be that it's mostly based on ETS 2 (which I also love), there's only 3 states at the moment I write this, and 3 truck models. But, there's always a few mods that helps a bit to add variety. Especially that I'm often hungry for large road networks, long but not too long road trips. I also love one of the new feature which is the trailer coupling. It definitely gives more challenge as well as some tight trailer parking at some occasion."
,Recommended,270880,22202017,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DarkSpyro458,its awesome and there is so much mods
,Recommended,270880,29282878,Posted: 15 January,all,MARKsmanRL,"Only a few hours so far but definitely glad I purchased it! Fun game you can easily pass a lot of time with, and downloading the multiplayer mod makes it even better!"
,Recommended,270880,28339997,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Trilldebeest,"I tried to play for a ""few minutes."" A few hours later, I had to force myself off. A+"
,Recommended,270880,32691798,Posted: 23 June,all,THEmakker-повезлоло,"Szinte olyan, mint ha élőben vezetne az ember kamiont."
,Recommended,270880,23656889,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MS19,"If you've played Euro Truck Simulator 2 you will feel right at home with this game, except it's set in the US! At the time of this review there are only a few states, but they say they're working on the rest! The scenery is absolutely gorgeous, a major improvement over ETS2. ATS also has a few extra features that ETS2 does not, such as truck scales on the highway. If you liked Euro Truck Simulator 2, you will LOVE American Truck Simulator."
76561198075481635,Recommended,270880,20958367,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,alexanderpurves,"Although I just started it, I can tell a lot of things have been repackaged from ETS2, although there are also many differences.When I started up, I immediately noticed the exact same intro screen as ETS2 except for the name.The main menu looks identical to ETS2, even the character portraits are the same.The tutorial is literally the exact same, word for word, as in ETS2, signifying that there havent been any major improvements in the gameplay itself.However, there is a lot to look forward to:The cities are a lot more realistic and bigger than in ETS2 and have many famous landmarks. I opted to start in San Francisco, and it the area looked a lot like SF. (More than it would in ETS2).There is a lot more to explore, as there is 50 states with diversified terrain and a lot of free DLC coming out that grants access to these states.There will probably be less of endless highway driving and more of exploring the cities. (As I mentioned, SF seemed a lot bigger than the cities in ETS2).Overall, I have been looking forward to this game for years and it has finally come. Despite some of the similarities to Euro Truck Simulator 2, there will be many positive differences and changes that outweigh the cons.If I am wrong on any of this, please tell me. This is my first review."
,Recommended,270880,23455814,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Desolate,"You can't walk... but you can drive a truck and get fines for running a red light, crashing and speedingStill the best game I have played this year , the physics are unbelievable and the newest addition of dlcs are always amazingWARNING THIS GAME WILL TAKE OVER YOUR LIFE"
76561198121188885,Recommended,270880,24944596,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Joe,"This is a stunningly beautiful game that will give you many hours of entertainment and excitement while truckin' across the roads of the USA. Although there's only a few states available at the moment, the devlopers are consantly updating the game, ironing out bugs and bringing new areas to explore all the time.Don't let any negative reviews about the lack of content put you off the game because if you are into simulators, especially Euro truck simulator 2, you will certainly enjoy what this game brings to the table.I would have liked to have seen a more different design in and around the user interface as it is very similar to Euro truck simulator 2;  a different design would have given it even more of an edge.Another thing that let's down the game is the AI. It cuts you off while you are changing lanes, stops in the middle of the road when you move an inch into their path and let's you across the road when it shouldn't. The AI needs improvement, but isn't the worst i've seen in a game.The graphics and attention to detail in this game is stunning and I would throughly reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198293941378,Recommended,270880,33107648,Posted: 1 July,all,nimik,Pros~Very well made simFeels realisticEasy to waste time inLooks goodsCons~Long driving which is good but not for someMultiplayer is a mod but it is easy to downloadGood game may take a long time to get new trucks but still a fairly good game. I plan on play more and ill see you guys on the high.Other then that much love as always goodbye <3-Kreg
76561198088104546,Recommended,270880,26395619,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,RoadHog,"Love the program for its smooth, even play.I've driven all of SRS's previous truck simulators except the Europe version and this is by far the best of the lot.  There are dozens of trucks to choose from and even more with mods.They just released their rescale of the whole thing and it is fantastic.  More scenery, real long highways and realistic traffic makes it a great adventure in trucking.Dozens of Game Obtions allow you to set up the game to your liking.The graphics are great and include many land marks.At the present there are 3 states covered, California, Nevada and Arizona but believe me it will take hours of play to cover them all.  More states are in the making as DLC's.SRS is working on it constantly and have many new features in the works.  If you like driving big rigs in a simulator you will love ATS."
,Recommended,270880,28007963,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Diko,"SimpleSCS Software released this game, I bought it."
,Recommended,270880,33551734,Posted: 14 July,all,WiggyWunka,"Great game. Fun, relaxing, and great with a steering wheel + VR headset! (If you enable experimental branch)"
76561198021921048,Recommended,270880,34317373,Posted: 17 August,all,RheeSykler,"Like American Truck Simulator so much more than the European version , I can relate to these trucks because I see them all the time , the sound of the engines / big blocks is so familiar , I like that the Devs upgraded the cities a bit , which the original version lacked so much , I wish that in the future more details are added to the towns and cities to make it a bit more realistic , excellent game ."
,Recommended,270880,32905685,Posted: 27 June,all,Jasami,I like trucksThis game is realistic and fun
76561198283725939,Recommended,270880,32794536,Posted: 25 June,all,CoastSideThunder,"This game is one of the best games I have played. If you play simulators, this is for you!!"
76561198028413384,Recommended,270880,31757025,Posted: 14 May,all,S4RGE77,"This game has ZERO ANIME. I love it. Would like to see more environmental events and effects like snow, hail, dust storms. jerk drivers, emergency vehicles that you have to pull over for, accidnets with road flares,   etc make the game more adventurous while traveling. Great game, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,270880,31850192,Posted: 19 May,all,Giant Dragon Dildos,"I played and loved Euro Truck Sim, so naturally I enjoyed this.However, in my opinion, sometimes just looking at all the stock(?) images of people they used for the drivers you hire provide almost endless entertainment."
,Recommended,270880,28114135,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Zeoticus,is pre good niqa
,Recommended,270880,33001600,Posted: 29 June,all,{{ DàVinci }},"Using teh mouse to steer.*Sneeze*Accident10/10 Best anti-sneeze simulator.I bought ETS2, and this is an absolute upgrade. The graphic is wonderful, and the details for the terrain and environment is splendid and breathtaking; you can tell a place is different from the others in some way.Overall, 10/10"
76561198280060701,Recommended,270880,23421604,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DOMINATOR 1 (amy),The Best Great Work On making this game i find nothing rong with it 5 stars
,Recommended,270880,24052273,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,NO FREND,"When I first bought this game I was expecting to be introduced to the game with the American national anthem playing in the background, with a morbidly-obese guy eating a double-cheese burger with a bald eagle screeching in the background.This didn't happen.I also expected an excellent game with fantastic mechanics and controls, amazing gameplay and beautiful graphics and scenery. That did happen. American Truck Simulator is THE game you want to get if you enjoy simulator games, or trucking games. It is very similar to Euro Truck Simulator 2, just more American-ised. But that's a good thing.So far it only has 3 states (if you include the free DLC):Arizona, Nevada and California, but they're planning to add more as time goes by. Even with only 3 states you are able to get tens of hours, if not hundreds of hours of gameplay easily, as it's still quite a large area and there's a lot to do in the game.If you've read all this and still haven't decided to buy the game, what's wrong with you?!-----tl;dr - buy this game."
,Recommended,270880,32863598,Posted: 27 June,all,[DPS] brdi,"buy it, don't think about it, just buy it, your welcome."
76561198208400669,Recommended,270880,24401265,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,jayive35,I spent 97 hours playing this game in 3 weeks. It like a part time job.
,Not Recommended,270880,20963057,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Synyster,"Game WAS really great, but the Devs are too busy updating, and adding in new things to Euro Trucks 2 to even care about this game.It's been well over a year since we've gotten a state.There is only 4 trucks and the games been out since Feb 2016ETS2 gets all these new reworked trucks, updates, dlcs, and now a ♥♥♥♥ing expansion? What about ATS???Please stop giving ETS2 all the attention when you have a new game people wanted to play. I feel like I've wasted money on this game that will never seem to get new updates.♥♥♥♥ SCS."
,Recommended,270880,32134647,Posted: 2 June,all,Sreyb,If you like Euro Truck Simulator you'll like this.
,Recommended,270880,31892634,Posted: 21 May,all,StellarPotato,A fantastic time waster that has a strange ability to just be calming. I'd recommend this game for anyone looking for a break from the games that can cause stress. Just watch out for the parking spaces and red lights.
,Recommended,270880,31585406,Posted: 6 May,all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,Like Euro Truck Simulator 2. One of the best drving experiences on Steam. So much fun and immersion when you use a G27.
76561198258608161,Recommended,270880,29362637,Posted: 19 January,all,Air Spy,I've played this game for a while and it was worth the money. i recommend this game to everyone. everything about it is amasing and the trucks are so detailed. im glad this game has so many good reviews and hope to see even more updates in the future. i rate this game five stars. i hope to see more trucks and trailers within new updates and hope to see more workshop mods.
76561198135480545,Recommended,270880,29105646,Posted: 7 January,all,AlNation1,"ATS really shows how a laid back game can bring hours of fun. All you need is the game, a few hours, and your favorite tunes in the background. The map is a tad small, but in time they are sure to add more states. The day I can drive my truck through my city, New York City, the big apple, is the day I will reach utter bliss in this game. 10/10 Would drive the truck again"
,Recommended,270880,28367148,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,dingle dangle scarecrow,It's a great game to chill out and explore while listening to your favourite music and enduring the Australian summer heat by driving in snow.
76561198011638955,Recommended,270880,31824149,Posted: 18 May,all,[TC] Ras,"Cruising on long, american roads in cool big trucks. 'nuff said!"
,Recommended,270880,20960517,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Poncho,Just got the game today and live it. I used to play ets2 but once this came out it's hard to go back. Thank you so much scs.
,Recommended,270880,24475902,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,deadanchovie,"Buy Euro Truck Simulator 2 instead of this if you haven't bought it yet - it's got a bigger map, more trucks, way more mods, and is cheaper during sales.If you already have ETS2, then this is a good buy, but I'd wait until a sale (I bought it for the full price)."
76561198175675069,Recommended,270880,24033732,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,KPG | Autistico,"Very good game overall....The graphics are amazing....I perfer this game over it's brother/sister Euro Truck Simulator 2 because it takes place in America, my home country.A very good game."
,Recommended,270880,21309655,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,AJ Deere T680,"THis game is a reskin of Euro Truck Simulator 2. But, If you love the big trucks and american map BUY IT!!Pros:My favourite trucksAmerican TrucksAmerican MapIf you played ETS2 This is easy to playG27 Wheel CompatibleTrackIR CompatibleCompany managmentHeavely ModdedSteam Workshop SupportBest GraphicsMOST REALISTICCons:Only 2 States at the time (California and Nevada) (Arizona Coming)Only 3 Trucks RIGHT NOWNot Much Driving SpaceNo Built In MultiplayerNo Ability to restart MissionsOnly 2 Truck Manifacturers ( Kenworth And Peterbilt)Not very much Truck Customization when comes to lightsSmall Scale MapSame Game but different as Euro Truck Sim 2 ( Your Opinion)No CanadaSlow DevelopmentAnyways Best Trucking Game 2016!!!!"
76561198131469523,Recommended,270880,32775552,Posted: 25 June,all,MrElf24,Loving this game and can't stop playing
,Recommended,270880,23504408,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Martin_Wenzel,"I love driving and now that I'm living in China without a car it is very hard to not be able to drive the open roads of sweet home America.  I've always wanted to maybe be a truck driver.  Well, now I can...sort of.This game is pretty gorgeous.  If you want to drive a truck in a game, then this game is for you.  This isn't a racing game.Some drawbacks/gripes: Signage isn't always the clearest and advance warning is rarely given in terms of speed limit change.  You'll be cruising along at 55+ mph and suddenly the vehicles in front of you were slam on their brakes as the speed limit crashes to 25 to 40 mph for city speeds.  No warning signs like are ACTUALLY found on American roads.There are more little things like that for the trained American eye.  Most players outside of America won't notice.There are a ton of mods for this game which also help to bring it closer to real-life (change generic fake logos, billboards, etc. to real things that for licensing reasons couldn't be put in the game.  I wonder if there is a mod to change Ray's Burgers to McDonald's!)Probably the best experience of this game or any driving game in general would be with a good steering wheel and pedals...alas I don't have one, so I'm forced to play with either the keyboard or my gamepad (which always drifts with the steering).Take your time.  Enjoy it.  Try to avoid falling into the rut I recently fell in!  12 or so good deliveries in and then I just started slipping and crashing my truck all the time.Beautiful game.  If you enjoy simulators and driving (not racing) you will probably put in 10 hours the first day or two you have this game and you'll start to feel fatigued like a real driver!"
76561198377409708,Recommended,270880,33933270,Posted: 31 July,all,sonuag,"this game is very very realistic though still has that simulator feeling, exactally what i wanted. Even though euro truck simulator  has more places to drive in, american truck simulator has better graphics and scenery, also this game is young so more places will come out soon. Personally i like this game better then euro truck simulator 2"
76561198008222040,Recommended,270880,28277699,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ko7bo4ld,"Big, bigger, SCS!I couldn't imagine that the announced rescale would make such a difference. But it really does! Even with only three states right now a one way trip through all of them takes several real life hours. The map really feels huge now and the landscape looks even bigger and wider. So I can't wait to take two weeks holidays in some years from now to cross the US from West to East. ;-)Thanks SCS and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,270880,26728645,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TSRVTC | Media | DJ Sim,Great Game SCS Software
76561198131816585,Recommended,270880,22526523,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Speed Demons,"This game is just awe inspiring. It really can bring out the American feel in you. I would DEFINITELY recommend this game to anyone who has been a fan of ETS2. It's a real success to it's sister game, euro truck simulator 2. Just an amazing game that I would recommend to all of you trucking fans out there. But with High Quality, DLC (Free DLC Too), and steam workshop mods?... They just make the game more fun, WAY more fun! A definite game that I would recommend to everyone out on the steam community. Hope this helps you out! :DSincerely,PilotForHire"
76561198291699239,Recommended,270880,29683941,Posted: 3 February,all,OmittedVirus764,Great Game!
,Recommended,270880,24534360,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DefaultPlayer,The game is good but could have more official trucks/vehicles. The map could be more bigger and could have more cities or smaller cities. Still. If its cheaper then its worth the money.
,Recommended,270880,26927839,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☹sadboi☹,"I held of writing a review when ATS was released. I mean what else was there to say, It's pretty much ETS2 set in America, only with a lot more detail and work put into map creating.SCS has took the correct step forward, but dam there slow at creating new content.On the plus side, if they do all 50 states eventually we will have sooooo much content between ets2 and ats :D8/10 would recommend."
76561197972137323,Recommended,270880,22187472,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Bronx,"""The open road still softly calls."" I like this game, it is simple and not really demanding. Haul things from here to there, watch the speed limits (Nevada, hell yeah) and listen to online radio. It is quite relaxing and the scenery is beautiful. I am looking forward for Arizona. You can only roam California and Nevada for now and they are mostly desert. 8/10"
76561198080878832,Recommended,270880,22495121,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,MrCameraMan,"This is a great game and has quite a few new and updated features from Euro Truck Simulator 2, I would gretly recomend for any budding truck drivers or people who would like to peacefully use up time (like me!)."
,Recommended,270880,28399085,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dsalazar6024,heeeellla sick game
,Recommended,270880,25628630,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,FuntimeFreddyYT,"I sincerely recommending the demo to see what the game looks like. In the full version, you get 2x more stuff. Nevada is the best state in game. I always get tired driving around Califorina. Now I got the full game. Also I recommend you put the brake intensity to full. Just for sudden stops. Anyways 10/10. Love it. Would recommend to friends and family."
76561197972921451,Recommended,270880,28339314,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,<|☥|Inesophet|☥|>,"Well after the rescaling patch (i refuse to use the word DLC) has been released. The game feels Considerably larger now. Which is good news since before it felt too small. i would say now it feels right! Trips from northern california to the arizona south take easily over an hour. The controles are Perfect, i play with keyboard and still, it is very playable. If you have more precise input, thats easily more fun. Sound is great, Graphics are VERY nice except the trees and bushes look a bit ""bitmappy"" I have pranked several of my friends uploading a nightly video of a short ride and some still think that my parttime job is a trucker.The negatives are that there is not much happening. I hoped for some Smokey and the Bandit type of missions, Traffic Jams, Police actually stopping you...inspecting cargo etc... eating would also be fine. Maybe have a nice truckerbar where truckers could gamble and play cards. CB Radio warning for Radartraps and such. It feels a little sterile. But if you just want trucking and have nice scenes during your trucking...well you should really buy it. Its worth it. If you like podcasts...HELL its even better."
,Not Recommended,270880,21135110,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Starlight,WHAT ARE YOU DOING LOOKING AT THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS!!!!!Seriously though this is a great game and i love itPros & cons :3Pros:-You get to drive in america-Awesome trucks-Pretty good graphics for a simulator-You get to be a truck driver :3-Tumbleweeds 4 days in nevada!!!!!!!Cons:-It can take a lot of time so if you dont have lots of free time i wouldnt recommend you buy this game-The Justice and law system is a little unfair but you can turn it off so if you dont like it you can always solve that problem-Doesnt have that much content at the moment but they are adding more like arizona which is coming soon-Some of the turn offs are kind of narrow and you will get you truck stuck-Coastline Mining is difficult to deliver to every time i deliver there i end up getting my truck stuck on the Weight platforms?I highly recommend this game if you enjoy trucking and delivering cargos Euro Truck Simulator 2 is also a great trucking game set in Europe made by the same develpers so check that out tooGreat game i give it a 8.5/10
,Recommended,270880,33002833,Posted: 29 June,all,Mendigão Maravilha,Melhor simulador pra dirigir caminhoes das casas bahia
,Recommended,270880,25578165,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Velociraptorlord,"American truck sim, Blows all the 18 wheels of steel games right out the window!. The gameplay is fun but can get boring(thats what mods are for). You get to drive your own truck(once you get enough money or cheat). This could go on for hours im just gonna list pros and cons ok?Pros: Endless gameplay, No limits And plenty of detail and customization.Cons: Game is only in Calafornia,Nevada and Arizona. No nice Peterbilt trucks, Weird physics and dumb A.IThere ya go the rest is your choice.Personal Request: Add more variaty of trucks."
,Recommended,270880,21743555,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Skoden,"My parents figure I was conceived in the coffin bunk of a cherry black '93 long-hood 379 Pete and ever since I was spit out, I've eat, breathed and slept Trucks. The first trucking game I ever played was 18 Wheels of Steel: Across America on a laptop on the steering wheel of a 2000 W900L in late '03 after release as my Christmas present. I bought the ""Kinetic 9W9"" and painted it the same shade of purple as the very truck I was sitting in and was Immediately hooked with the rest, history. 13 years later I'm running a beautiful black fully licensed W900L shined to the nines with the needle buried in the left lane and passing other players like they're standing still(online multiplayer mod that is insanely awesome) which truly is a dream come true. This is hands down the greatest trucking game I have ever played and I have played many, many games with alot of different forms of tractor trailers and anything that even resembled them. Two huge thumbs up from this 'ol kid!"
76561198181159707,Recommended,270880,22189599,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,GemDragon,"Basically this game is a american version of euro truck sim 2 but the map is more compressed, because when more dlcs are released the map will get bigger. i reccomend this game because it is fun and adds the delivery options when you deliver the package. ALSO, this game is raoidly expanding, already 3 dlcs and NEVADA. I hope you guys like dis gmae cuz it fun"
,Recommended,270880,28470036,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Snow,"I enjoy this game, it's just like Euro Truck Simulator 2 which is fun.. Multiplayer is a bit dead at the moment but it's a good game :D"
,Recommended,270880,21650637,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Kazoo,"I was a bit hesitant to buy this game after reading the reviews about the map scaling being wonky compared to ETS2. I actually waited a week or so after release, then decided to go ahead and buy it. I have zero regrets. This game is absolutely enjoyable, as it is an entirely different experience driving in ATS than it is ETS2. I still play ETS2, and will always have a fond love for that game.The graphics are gorgeous, the trucks are even more so, and if you're new to ETS/ETS2/ATS, then I highly recommend you buy this (even ETS2, while you're at it). I have few gripes about the game, including the map scaling which really doesn't bother me all that much; the on-ramps on freeways are extremely short and not at all realistic, but again it doesn't detract from the game as a whole. Perhaps my biggest gripe would be the lack of states out of the gate. I understand there is a lot behind this game already, however, Arizona is the last free DLC that will be added to the game, which is still a few months away from release. It would have been nice if SCS would have done the entire Western United States as free DLC, maybe Arizona, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming, Idaho, Washington, and Oregon. Then had gone from there, just so there is quite a lot of distance to cover while they work on cranking out the paid DLC.Regardless, I love this game. While I have low hours played on it, don't let that deter you any. I play a variety of other games and love to give them equal attention. If you're able to, I suggest getting a steering wheel with pedals to add to that realistic touch. I play on a gaming laptop, so I have to use the keyboard which if you don't have the option of getting a steering wheel, still get this. Keyboard is still fun and the only thing you may have trouble with is backing the trailer up into position.I know this review is a bit scatter brained, and I apologize if it is a hard read. I hope with the paid DLC that they do it in regions, such as Mid-West, Eastern, etc., and not state-by-state. The game itself is $20, so I am hoping that the paid DLC stays under that price range. Get this game. You'll enjoy it, and have a blast."
,Recommended,270880,21714248,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,OceanRace [NL],"Very deatailed game, with a more Rough look than ETS2comes with 3 states (and thier City's) at the begin.With trucks as Peterbuild® and Kenworth® and many different cargo's to deliveror just roam the states in your truck and make your 'American Dream' come trueThis game is WORTH your money, and will be a good addition to your game library"
,Recommended,270880,21819582,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,A4X4NSNOWMAN,"Growing up riding around with my father in his Big Rig always caught my interest in big trucks. I loved seeing more of the state I lived in. This scaled down sim is pretty close to the real thing. There are a few small things missing, but overall its quite detailed, scenic, and ""pretty"". Even driving down my home highway and through my home area, I recognize many key features of it that I love to drive on IRL. Definitely fun to play, smooth, and addicting! And of course, having a long convoy of your buddies is pretty sweet when you look and the mirror and see the line of trucks behind you. Cant wait to see what they bring to this game as more of the USA is opened up. Do wish theyd get on that though, even though the game is about a month old at the time of this review, Im sure many of us ATSers are ready to see and explore some new stuff. Also, I hope they ad some of the famous grades over the country. Not too many big hills where you actually have to DRIVE your truck up or down properly or risk wrecking."
76561198084294175,Recommended,270880,21803136,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,evan,THIS GAME IS AMAZING. If you know scs sofware you should know that they do great work. But in my opinion they have really out done them selves in this game. I live in the USA and for an american truck sim to come out is very cool. If you love truck simulators you will probably love this one. I love what they have done with the game and I will probably love what else they do with the game.  Right know the game is a bit limmited but from what scs has said they are going to realease a whole lot more. I Love this game and for the $20 it is so worth it. SO GET TRUCKING becasue......:its not driving its trucking. :)
,Recommended,270880,21756146,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ThatOneGuy.exe,I started off playing Euro Truck Sim 2. I remember when I heard the announcement of American Truck Simulator. When I heard this news I freaked out and the game looked beyond what I was expecting if they did America. I watched the game for about a year and when I heard they created a release date I was so exited. When I finally got the game it was absoloutely beyond expectation. Now I just can't wait for the Arizona DLC!
,Recommended,270880,21644053,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Burdkailer,"Trucking in America really giving fun but there is some points missing in this game.-Map is so small at this point. They added 2 free dlc to grow it up for base game.-They want to make other states as DLC. There will be so much DLC as we can see from this.-There is only 3 or 4 trucks available at this point.-Game only support 64-bit and they said they don't think to make a support for 32-bit systemsBut the game will be good and huge with DLC packs and free contents in the future.If you are a fan of ETS 2 buy this game but if you are new at this games, don't buy ATS go for ETS2."
,Recommended,270880,30101472,Posted: 22 February,all,kert,"my friend gifted it to mebasically it's a really good game, feels much more like a trucking sim than ETS2, 400km really feels like 400km. it's pretty good. I would recommend it if you like sims in general"
,Recommended,270880,23873534,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Village Ruse,"I drink 10-12 tall boys, throw on my trusty truckin' cap and deliver all the cheese and frozen vegetable.9.875/10"
,Recommended,270880,23385675,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MatrixDevv,Great game!  Ive had it ever since the first day.  The only idea I have is to add your own trailers.  Like you can buy trialers and then pick up loads with them and all that!  Who agrees?
,Recommended,270880,26547975,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dumber Sleepy,Great game! I just got it yesterday and I've really been enjoying it! (btw the only difference between the full-version and the demo is in the full version you unlock arizona and nevada which are great states to drive in)
,Not Recommended,270880,30823547,Posted: 29 March,all,T-Bird,"This game is great I dont have many bad things to say about the game. My review is more toward the SCS development team. They are releasing some unneeded feature and DLC but only have released 3 states of the 50 United states they keep telling us we are going to have. In my opinion we dont need anymore DLC painjobs or tuning packs until we can get a reasonable amout of states released. I understamd the SCS team may be small but that is all the more reason to work more on area then uneeded objects. As seeing this game was released over a year ago, I expect more states to be added into the game given out. If you were to ask me I would hault any additions to the game that are not major bug fixes or map additions. Until I see any improvement with states being released and without being overpriced DLC then I wouldnt recomend anyone buy this game."
76561198239851116,Recommended,270880,32824594,Posted: 26 June,all,[LATVIA ] Dainis143,ok
,Recommended,270880,25940479,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mozgus,"Do I recommend this at $20? No. At $10 or 15$? Yes, I would. I did buy it at $20 out of boredom, due to it seeming like a nice complement to my new real life job which gives me a different persective on trucking, but I am a bit disappointed with the game.This is a much smaller product compared to Euro's counterpart. I knew this going in, but realizing that there is literally only 3 trucks to pick from is still a shock. That's hardly enough to be called a ""simulation"" of this career. You'll find yourself covering what little landmass they offer very quickly, as well. And if your goal is to play online, you'll find no more than 230 players on the USA server on average, which is hardly a replacement for the AI traffic that will be removed when you play with the multiplayer mod. There will be times when you pass through a city on routes, and see not one single vehicle on the road. That's a very lonely experience, despite playing online.With that in mind, I suggest playing the American edition offline, with the REAL logo mods for the various signs, trucks, icons, etc to make the game seem like the real world. There's also a nice economy boost to speed things up (by slightly cheating), so you wont get bored before getting your fill of the game's world. You should definitely download the user-made Volvo truck model too. It's very impressive. I hope we see more trucks added by users, as it seems the developer is more focused on Euro's edition.The experience otherwise is fine. It's no racing game. Play it casually, relax, take in the sights, listen to the internet radio stations, try to abide by laws for some challenge. The experience is fine that way. The graphics engine sucks though. Despite my GPU and no CPU cores getting taxed to any real degree, the game often chugs at 30fps in cities for no reason."
,Recommended,270880,23174732,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,mattdilllon,"I sure hope the Developers of ATS plan also to add Multiple Combination Trailers too!E.G.""A"" Train, C""Train Combinations? .........These type of combination trailers are still quite popular in North American, Especially for L.T.L. Loads........... To make them drivable within ATS...a, ""Converter Type Coupler""... that ""Free-Stands"" when disconnected is needed. A ""Converter"" also would require a, ""Pintle Type Hookup"", for the ""A-or, Lead Trailer"" along with a ""Fifth Wheel Type Hookup"", for the ""B-or Following Trailer"".Theres one more type of Combination too...without the Pintle Hookup! The ""B"" Train. This type relies on a Sliding Trailer Axle for the ""A"" or ""Lead"" Trailer. Whe the ""Axle-Slider"" is extended their is a Visible a ""Fifth Wheel"" on top of the ""Trailer Axles"". the ""B"" or ""Following"" Trailer attaches to this ""Fifth Wheel"" to make-up a ""Set of B-Train Wagons"" or ""B-Train""Real Popular in Canada too, as its simple to ""Hook and Unhook"" and is Extremely more Stable than an ""A-Train"" or the almost obsolete/replaced ""C-Train"". The ""B-Train"" has over time replaced the ""C-Train"", as its less complex and requires less maintenance and training too.ThanksNeilr"
,Recommended,270880,28263050,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GamingSP,Awesome Game Love it great job and love all the DLC.
76561198153075555,Not Recommended,270880,33445574,Posted: 10 July,all,Dr Shred,"4/10If you like ETS 2.0 you will probably like this. It is the usual fare from SCS and that is pretty good, but it is completely hamstrung by the lack of vehicles and vehicle upgrades. The end-game in terms of trucks and modifications is reached very early on and is exceptionally limited making the game become boring very quickly by closing off an area that many players enjoy; that of customising the vehicles they, or their drivers, drive.There are mods for other trucks however using such mods is always a risk due to the way they are tied to save games and the consequent potential for the loss of many hours of game effort.So far the map releases have been no more than ""OK"". The maps are really quite small and, like many players, I struggle to see the difference in terrain between California and Arizona. The upcoming New Mexico expansion looks like it might have some interesting industrial modules for cargo acquisition and delivery but beyond that there doesn't appear to be much to distinguish it from Arizona or California.I purchased it on sale and for that lowered price I am satisfied with the product but until SCS can vastly improve the range of trucks and accessories available the game will continue to fail to meets its potential.This game gets a ""No"" due to the fact that it doesn't deserve a ""Yes"" more than does deserve a ""No"". Certainly at full price it is a ""No"" but on sale it is a weak ""Yes"" at best. ATS is currently far outshone by its more mature older sibling ETS 2.0.If you are looking for a game of this type and have neither ATS nor ETS 2.0 in your library; splash your cash on ETS as it is a much more worthwhile product.A final point: Although it ""seemed like a good idea at the time"" the initial concept of releasing map content progressively has turned out to be a very bad idea. As it stands the three states available provide insufficient content. The drip-feed of maps is as dry as the desert landscapes you drive through. The next addition to the map will be too little, too late. The way things are going if the continent is ever fully delivered it will take almost as long as the opening up of the ""New West"" in the late 1700's to early 1800's. Much more work needs to be done to significantly decrease the delivery time on new map content."
,Recommended,270880,24743613,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,BennyRamone,A fantastic game because the trucks look great but there aren't as many trucks and the map isn't as big as euro truck but the game is still in development and the graphics have inproved a huge amount and I'm looking forward to see what features they add. For those who want to buy this game I recommend Euro truck simulator 2 because there are more trucks and contries but those who have a great computer buy American truck simulator.
,Recommended,270880,21552255,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[MJS-VTC Owner] Bigdave(GB),"Absolutely stunning graphics, with realistic locations, each with their own driving challenge. Based on the successful Euro Truck  Simulator 2, this new game takes trucking to a whole new level."
,Recommended,270880,21078402,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,MashedPotatonator,"Pretty much ETS2 with American trucks and a smaller, but highly detailed map. You play as a truck driver who has no cash, no truck, nothing. You do quick jobs by driving for other companies till you can afford your own truck. Once you own a truck, you are free to explore and discover cities where you can find pickup and drop off points for trailers, truck dealers, recruitment agencies, and more.Once you've earned a considerable amount of cash, you can upgrade our garage and buy additional trucks and hire drivers for added income. You can buy more garages in different cities to further expand your business.Pros:- Very vibrant and beautiful graphics- Easy to use interface (Carried over from ETS2)- Highly detailed map with excellent attention to detail- Highly detailed trucks with interior- Realistic Driving physics- Realistic Driving laws- Simple to use Sat Nav- Controller, wheel, joystick support- Mods support- Photomode and World of Trucks- Multiplayer mod (Truckers MP)Cons:- Very poor optimization; you may need a good GPU to run smoothly- Small map (Free & Paid Expansions soon to come)- Limited truck selection (More to come within the next few months)- Daft AI (Similar to ETS2)- Police cars spawn too often and are not forgiving when speeding- Spawn rate of certain AI cars are unrealistic- Lack of slip roads on freeway intersections- Horn sounds like a computer making error noises"
,Recommended,270880,21069255,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,dorkster,"American Truck Simulator is a strong evolution of SCS's trucking sim formula. The core loop of pickup, drive, and deliver (with a dash of business management) is still there from ETS2. Cruising from the bustling cities in California, trough the barren night desert, and into a small town in Nevada is as satisfying as ever.The map's scale may be smaller than ETS2, but ATS's world is much more dense and interesting. The use of vanilla ETS2's assets was very similar in every city. That is no longer the case with ATS. From the base level, there are straight up more things to see as you cruise from destination to destination. When assets ARE reused, they are done so in such a creative manner that you probably won't notice on first glance.Most notable of the new assets are the new locations where jobs are taken and delivered. Not only are they much more varied than ETS2, but there's an increased level of challenge when parking. Larger trucks and longer trailers combined with tight quarters and required blind-side backing make some of the drop-offs downright difficult. In fact, the difficulty as a whole has increased with ATS. The mobile police cars make avoiding speeding fines more complex than just cheesing speed cameras. Also, the rebalanced economy seems to have made it a little less easy to earn loads of money.However, there are still flaws. Unprotected, at-grade left turns onto freeways are a nightmare. The freeway traffic will never let up, so any AI in front of you will never be able to pull out. Even if you're lucky enough to be first in line at the turn, you'll end up slowly nudging your way into traffic to try and block them long enough to make it through. Then there are the small pockets of the road system where the speed limit rapidly changes from 70 to 30 to 55. God help you if a cop spots you going 31 in the midst of braking. Lastly, some truck customization parts are not present, such as air horns and extra lights.(UPDATE 2016/05/02 - SCS has since added protected left turns to some areas and made the speed limit changes more gradual. There are still a few rough spots, but way less than on release.)Overall, I am really pleased with ATS at the $20 price point, which is the same as the Scandinavian DLC for ETS2 when it came out. There may only be two trucks and two states, but SCS has been good about supporting ETS2 and they are showing no signs of changing. They've already confirmed at LEAST two more trucks, and the state of Arizona as free DLC. It will be interesting to see their plan for paid DLC to cover the rest of the country."
76561198301399700,Recommended,270880,24746607,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,elvischaos96,american truck simulator is soo relaxing and one of the best games i've played. apart from some issues like people crashing into you. overall its a good game.
76561198149964324,Recommended,270880,23990482,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Adam,Amazing game
76561198066522839,Not Recommended,270880,20973372,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TangoRomeo,"I bought this as a fan of ETS2, however, I found myself dissapointed to the point of refunding the game. Why? The main thing that brought me to that conclusion was the scale in the game. A mile in game is equivalent to about 100 feet on the road,which makes a 100+ mile drive take about 10 minutes. Why does that drive of 100 miles (about 2 miles in real scale) take that long? Because the trucks are the most sluggish and poor handling things I've ever seen in a game like this. Having the petal matted to the floor and flat-foot shifting takes about 1 whole minute to get to 50mph. I can't recommend this game in this state."
76561198132608135,Not Recommended,270880,22255436,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Wiz Khalifestealer,"Congratulations, you have successfully simulated the tedium of motorway driving. This 'game' is suitable only it seems, for budding Eddie Stobart drivers preparing for their first week on the job. Beyond the -repeat- tedium of overzealous police, speed limits that make me want to increase the rate time passes to actually get anywhere, and the god damn lack of any ounce of imagination when it comes to road design (seriously the most inspiring road design appears to be a series of miniature hills near Bakersfield), we see a return of invisible walls to the world of gaming, I thought had been left behind in 2006.I bought this for two reasons, I wanted to use an controller with my computer, and I wanted a nice relaxing game. Well the controller was anything but obvious to configure, and the gameplay was less relaxing, more naeuseatingly dull.Seriously hope this was not the efforts of more than a first year games programming student's pet project. Dont bother with the rest of the states, you appear to have run out of ideas anyway."
,Recommended,270880,21803646,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,C-Man3144,"I could play this game for hours. Though it is a reskin of ETS2.. It's just so amazing! There are freaking hills! It changes your experience with driving completely per area you are in. California is more green, hilly, and lower speed limits. Nevada is more flat desert with higher speed limits. It just changes so much. In ETS2 everything seemed the same, in American Truck Simulator it is all different! I couldn't ask for more, well more states... But this game is just amazing, I highly suggest you buy it or atleast try out the Demo.10/10 I would definately buy again."
76561198059407859,Recommended,270880,23107930,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,jsmith3140,"Great game, will definitely recommend this."
,Not Recommended,270880,32403991,Posted: 13 June,all,Mr.Rothwell,"If you like EuroTruck you'll probably like this too. It's basically the same thing but as the title suggests based in America, more specifically North America, more specifically about 3 States on the West Coast area. You run out of places to drive pretty quickly and it gets boring and very repetitive. It's too easy to get the best truck in the game early on so the challenge runs out and it just becomes a grind.Maybe months if not years down the line when there is a lot more States to drive in (all DLC I imagine) with much more varying scenery and challenges. I'd like to see Oregon with snow to make the driving difficult for example.It runs totally fine on most systems. I had it running 4K on my GTX970 and recently upgraded to a 1080Ti and even at 4K it's over 100fps even on an old i7 2600k.Basically it's a niche genre title that has great potential to be something very interesting but as of now, EuroTruck2 is a better game with more to do."
76561198264295112,Recommended,270880,25501160,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,^6⎛𝓙𝓪𝔂𝓵𝓪⎞,"very fun to play, feel like your really in the game, listen to your own music while traveling and meet new people in online."
76561198134442738,Recommended,270880,25767776,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DarkLotus™,one of the best games iv played before on steam
76561197994841709,Recommended,270880,23223970,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,steve0hhhh,What a great freaking game.
76561198058222860,Recommended,270880,21045431,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AngryScottsman,"Before you look at all the bad reviews look at how many positive reviews it has, because those people who rated it very low are just whiners while the rest of us who actually played the game for more than an hour genuinely love the game as is. yes it only has two trucks, but those trucks are fully customizable, and yes it only comes with two states but the attention to detail SCS has given to those states is just incredible. last thing to note is yes they are going to be adding more states as dlc and if you are still wondering if they are a money grabbing company take a look at the prices of the dlc for euro truck simulator 2, the prices are very low and will continue to be for the forseeable future. overall i love this game and so will you if you just give it a chance and how could you not for only 20 dollars."
76561198219813969,Recommended,270880,30000562,Posted: 17 February,all,Luper,"Love love love this game, Lot of truckers in the family so this is a nice relaxing time for me..Graphics are great, AI isn't the brightest but adds more suspense , tons of mod options.Only thing I can really complain about is the truck selection, and I know it isn't the devs fault but hello Licensing people (Its like free advertisment for you, let them add trucks)And also lacking cities in the 3 current states and states in general."
,Not Recommended,270880,29615729,Posted: 31 January,all,My Lit Pony,"Very limited in content at this moment. Only 4 trucks and 3 different states (California, Nevada, Arizona). I can't recommend buying this game since I'm still having plenty of fun with ETS2, which has way more cities and trucks to mess around with. I'll probably give it another try by the time they've added more content to the game but right now it just feels like ETS2 DLC or an early access game at best"
,Recommended,270880,21872397,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,|BE| Vakonof,If you like ETS2 you will enjoy this one to. Another great game by SCS!
,Recommended,270880,32298815,Posted: 9 June,all,𝓙𝓦𝓞𝑳𝓕𝓕 ⥯,10/10
,Recommended,270880,29706813,Posted: 4 February,all,<{DarkWarden}>,"Boys you might wanna stop touching your Di*k for this on, bc this is that 'RIDE"" you've been waiting for. grab some beer bang your wife and sit down and drive. bc this game will grab and hook you like a political debat on some ""roids""legit: i at this point have 1.2k hours into this game and can honestly say. if you are at all interested in driving sims and or semis, this is for you. take amazing cumunity mods and or vanila through some amazing scenery pas by national monuments or even head over toTruckersmp.comand truck with thousands of other enthusiests."
76561198238125120,Recommended,270880,21061175,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,jalensimmons42,This is a great game loving it so far
,Recommended,270880,20945281,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,shawa,"Some say it eats steak for breafast, lunch and dinner, and that It's♥♥♥♥♥is so big that it was granted it's own zip code. All we kno is that it's ETS2' american cousin, ATS!"
,Recommended,270880,20941402,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,GenericZack,Im from california and this game is spot on for detail. Love the great work SCS!
76561198370921684,Recommended,270880,30730579,Posted: 25 March,all,Bandit,"great game, just wish i could go more places, east cost, canada, alaska."
,Recommended,270880,20958851,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Tuxedo,"well for the splitter it only goes up to 9th gear and skips from 3 to 7th, also the first setting of the light modes does not work and the light mode indicator does not show up on your dashboard. Also the prices for fines are insane, lmao. Otherwise the game looks very nice and i have high hopes for this game, i hope it continues to go well!"
76561198142333723,Recommended,270880,21211444,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,That ol' Albertan Farmer,"Wow. Just friggin' wow. Speechless lol.  This game is fun, relaxing, and most of all addicting!  I loved Euro Truck simulator but since im Canadaian I LOVE American Truck Sim.Dont stop the magnificent work.  Can't wait for the W900 KwThank You so much for an amazing game experience for a Farm Boy with a steering wheel"
,Recommended,270880,21263164,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Outrageous Boab,be better once more of the map comes out
76561198279685853,Recommended,270880,21828192,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Trucker3415,Great game
,Recommended,270880,21113133,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,dazt90 (dazman79 twitch),ATS brings new roads and new challanages its a great game with miles of roads and bendy roads on and off beat if you like truck games them you will like this this game really brings a new age to trucking game for new and old
76561198042982334,Recommended,270880,20958156,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,davidgolliher,"Love this game so far! I've read some people complaining that it's ""just ETS2 with American trucks."" Well... ETS2 is also an amazing game. I wouldn't change anything about it. It just makes these SCS games more awesome, to me, since I actually live in the US and now I get to explore some familiar territory in ATS. I live in Arizona, so I'm really looking forward to the Arizona DLC. Thank you, SCS Software! I've been playing your truck games(and Bus Driver ;) ) since Hard Truck: 18 Wheels of Steel. I really appreciate all the little details that have been put into these games, like all the gauges in the truck actually working like they should. Great game!"
,Recommended,270880,20933183,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,coolma19,So much fun and still very addicting.  Only compliant is the number of cops driving around issuing tickets.
,Recommended,270880,20934646,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Killian,"No complaint's at all, Flawless new design and concept with the good stuff from Euro Truck Simulator brought over to the west. Definitely a recommendation for new truckers or old truckers."
,Recommended,270880,23877755,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Conor Lewis,"This game is wicked fun, very enjoyable and a good way to past the time. There are so many trucks and so many ways to personalize the trucks. The map is huge and there are many cool little hidden easter egg type things inside the game aswell. Over all a really good game."
,Recommended,270880,23658364,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Geek Reaper,"I love this game, I loved Eurotruck sim 2. I do not regret buying this. I only have like 30 hours or so right now but I see myself racking in the time on this."
,Recommended,270880,23463593,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Doctor Diesel,"SO ADDICTING! This game made me wish I started driving American Truck when I was 21 years old. This game gave me the oppotunity to drive a truck! For better experience, grab a G27 Steering controller with shifter plus order a custom mod for the shifter into eaton fuller 18-speed Lo/Hi switch. Look up CSIO 18 speed USB. Have fun Truckin! Totally recommend this game"
,Recommended,270880,21935958,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lividdog2,Its a fun game to play. you will never get boerd of it.The game runs well to your settings. The maps is great and there more
76561197994278370,Recommended,270880,23565315,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ShakeNBake,"I love it except for a sim its simple, i'd like to see emergency vehicles act like real life, have to pull over etc, more driver awareness, different weather scenes, like snow, just odds and ends of stuff to make it a bit more simulator live. It's a good game though, hope they make more maps etc too."
,Recommended,270880,23790912,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ChoGGi,More fun then I thought it would be :)(try the demo)
76561198007394261,Recommended,270880,23760603,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ScottyNoarf COP✨PIRX,"good game, relaxing, alot of play modes, options, ,  beautiful scenery! impressive ."
,Recommended,270880,21109443,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mac Jones(Dudrick),ATS is by far one the best Trucking Sim I have ever played.
76561198119746771,Recommended,270880,23194092,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,joecannonsave,"Solid Trucking sim, feels just like Euro Truck Simulator 2."
,Recommended,270880,23431327,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Reid1410,It's pretty challenging to play this game. Especially the road and the handling of the Trucks. This game is very recommended who loves Simulator
,Recommended,270880,23537872,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,JerryRyan17,It's a very nice game. The customization is nearly endless. I truly recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,270880,21814914,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Callum.G,great game VERY Real
76561198042419575,Recommended,270880,20934565,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,HouserVT,"I wasn't really sure how simulating a truck-driver would be all that fun... but building your company from the ground up, modifying your truck, and practicing trailer backing is really addicting! Well worth the cost. The integration with worldoftrucks is also promising & a nifty tracker of stats."
,Recommended,270880,23524629,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BigKenworthW900L,Very good graphics great game..
,Recommended,270880,23526446,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,B.A.M,lOVE This game.I m addicted seriously love to drive those heavy hauls bro
,Recommended,270880,23530362,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,adamornelles,"Well. I ended up returning ATS to be honest. I didn't have enough money to buy both ETS2 and ATS and ETS2 won me over. As an American myself the familiar signage, terrain, and trucks are not quite as interesting. Don't get me wrong. Also, in an ironic twist you spend more time on the highway in ETS2, while there is more focus on the sprawling cities in ATS. Ultimately I wanted to spend more time coasting through the alps and on the confusing reversed roads of the UK.ATS is GREAT, especially with the Arizona dlc and the better parking mechanism. In the end though it doesn't feel as much like an adventure since I know America and the map is scaled so small. I'll definitely come back to ATS in a year once more trucks are added and the map gets larger."
76561198151542881,Recommended,270880,23463853,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,leonsheida,"Trivia about this game:1. Some locations in the game look like the same location in real life.2. At the release of this game, there were only 2 trucks in the game called the Kenworth T680 and the Peterbilt 579, however in the ""American Truck Simulator - Alpha build 0.1.60 gameplay"" video, the Kenworth W900 was included in the game even though it wasn't included at release.3. After the game was released, a limited-time DLC called the ""Steampunk Paint Jobs Pack"" was available if you followed American Truck Simulator on Steam before it was released.4. Originally, the game was supposed to include only California at release but the release date kept delaying until the Nevada DLC was completed.6. In Los Angeles, the famous sign reads ""World of Trucks"" instead of ""Hollywood"" due to copyright issues."
76561198026042504,Recommended,270880,26479552,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Randomonium,"I was *super* excited for this game to come out. I love Euro Truck Simulator, and I'm a Linux user, and I live in one of the major 'hub' cities where the game starts!However, having played it, I am very sad that they barely even re-skinned ETS for the US. There is, at most, a tiny nod in each of the locations - but it feels like they didn't even come here to see what they were designing.I know it's a *game* but it really feels like they phoned it in. Disappointed.I'd still recommend it, especially for Europeans - but I'll be going back to playing ETS. It's probably just as bad, but I don't *know it* having never been to most of those places."
,Recommended,270880,30147806,Posted: 24 February,all,shane.weber,This game has no right to be as fun as it is. I saw this one on sale and bought it just out of curiosity. Two days later I've got a Logitech G29 wheel on they way to the house and am excited to keep expanding my trucking empire. Get this game. It's fun and addicting. I don't understand and cannot explain why this game is so fun but it is. ATS scratches an itch I never knew I had.
,Recommended,270880,24197357,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,FatBird!,"If you're American and like the Euro trucks, you'll love this.Now you can drive sweet-looking Kenworths, Petes etc.  The trucks look great, and the scenery looks great too. The trucks sound awesome too.Put the music you want on your truck radio, and hit the road. Make some money, buy your own rigs and businesses.They just added the Nevada DLC, to give you three western states to roam. Those three give you plenty of open road to keep you busy. The devs said they're going to keep the DLC coming, adding more states. This is a great game, and I'll keep buying that DLC. I already bought the rim pack.If you like big rigs, get it."
,Recommended,270880,26518933,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Yung Idol,"The USA based offspring of the Euro Truck Simulator series. While a bit lackluster upon release the devs are working on expanding the current roadways to feel larger and more lifelike. Once that update is released I am sure I will put many, many more hours into the game. Planned expansions of additional states (Up to the whole US dependent upon community support state the devs) bring the idea of years of fun to be had."
76561198156565568,Recommended,270880,21450862,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,grape671,"Good game, fun to drive around and grow your company. Only problem is lack of content at the moment, but they are working on adding stuff so it will be a great game in time but for what there is now its still a decent game"
,Recommended,270880,21488275,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Truckerosarus,"10/10 game would definetly recommend, but get the sound mod for trucks and it makes it 11/10"
,Recommended,270880,25200326,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,amG_unleashed,"I really liked this game because it was really realistic and fun. The map was also quite big, but I think SCS should add more truck models and truck brands (eg. volvo ats)."
,Recommended,270880,25218823,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,tehfancyInsurgencyDummy#2,very very fun trucking game i like it better that earo truck sim thats all i can say
,Recommended,270880,25178786,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,i am going to win,very goos game
76561198243588322,Recommended,270880,25153127,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Flames581/ Offline,"This game is so much fun! I have gotten super far, I have over 25 trucks!! This is a game to relax to, play with a wheel to, and go trucking!"
,Recommended,270880,28605158,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[64th] Kevin Levrone,"Now, before I get into this review and breakdown of the game, I want people to know this is indeed a fun, entertaining game. I think the game should show more sights of America, Cali, Arizona, and Nevada are just desert, I want to see North Dakota, Ohio, Iowa, etc. the three starts included in this game are just cactuses and sand. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is just the better game."
,Recommended,270880,28827241,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ManOfNantucket,SCS makes the best driving simulators by far in my opinion.  They set very high quality standards and release nothing until it meets or exceeds them.I highly recommend this product as well as its big brother Euro Truck Simulator.  Unlike so many other niche simulators they price thier products very well.
,Recommended,270880,28792144,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dr. Indigestion,"I love the insane amount of customization that this game has, from rain probability to if you even get fined for traffic offenses to what your steering wheel looks like. the difference from euro truck simulator is that the trucks are bigger and feel more comfortable (in my opinion) and you get to explore America and listen to fun music."
76561198321046988,Recommended,270880,24668277,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,dj.hardline75,ATS is a great pc game cant wait to see it on xbox platform
,Recommended,270880,28137197,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[SS] Keenl3lade,"If you liked Euro Truck Sim 2 and wanted an American version, well, this is it. Not much to say. Upgraded graphics and new content. Thats pretty much the story."
76561198343068743,Recommended,270880,26527203,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jrrllmrtn,"I reccomend this game to any aspiring trucker or gamer in general. Very realistic, like an upgrade from 18 WOS Haulin (Which I previously played). Nothing but positive vibes on my end, however it should be common sense for those of you who don't know to set your graphics down if you experience lag during gameplay."
,Recommended,270880,20943562,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Burnt Wasabi,"Already have 1.6 hours on the game from the time I'm writing this and it is already a great game. The only thing that pisses me off are the speeding tickets. Yes, i get that I should really be going the speed limit, but accidentally going 5-10mph over the speed limit then getting an unrealistic fine of $1,000 when in reality it should be around $200-$400 at most? That's the only thing I think should be changed about this game.Other than that, great game: 10/10 m8"
,Recommended,270880,23492364,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Life Pilgrim,"ATS may be much smaller in scale than ETS2 but its environments are better designed i.e., prettier and more believable. It is also a bit more challenging with harder drop-off points that you can select for bonus in XP. Smaller gas stations would give you problem to navigate your long trailer in requiring you to be mindful when entering them. There are now police and emergency vehicles that roam the streets which are nice additions for better immersion. The Police would sound their sirene should you violate traffic rules and get yourself fined as a result. Towns and cities are bigger, prettier, and believable in ATS. There are also fewer trucks in ATS but with time there may be more trucks coming as SCS resolves their truck license issues.To me since the game has  Kenworth W900 that alone is enough reason to buy it.The downside is that the fps in ATS varies quite a bit. It goes from 60 fps on highways to 40s at towns' intersections and some portions of cities. It's probably due to its reliance on DirectX9. There are some rumors that SCS intends to port both ETS2 and ATS to DirectX11 but until that happens there's little you can do to mitigate this wild variation in fps, unless perhaps you have an older computer.If you love American setting and enjoy ETS2 you should buy this game. If you love American trucks then this is the game for you.SCS is known to set its DLCs and expansions at fair prices. I'd definitely give my support to these people at SCS. I hope they will port the game to DirectX 11 engine. The sooner, the better.""There's nothing logical or economical about American trucks. They perhaps best showcase American excess with their oversized body, poor gas mileage, and tacky gangster-style lighting. Everything about them is romanticized. And that's why you probably love them as I love my Kenworth W900"""
,Recommended,270880,24935589,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Smokey,One of the best games I have ever played. Will be a lot of better once more stuff becomes realised but still it's awesome
76561198065206576,Recommended,270880,22755947,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nolan7954,"WARNING!!!!! IF YOU START UP THIS GAME, YOU WILL BE STUCK INSIDE OF IT FOR HOURS AND HOURS UNTIL YOU MESS UP REALLY BAD AND EITHER RUN OUT OF FUEL OR CRASH WITHOUT SAVING FOR A LONG TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would rate 100/10."
,Recommended,270880,22732608,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,PlasteredBastard,Great way to relax and get away from my other sims
,Recommended,270880,25365849,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ridered777,"Just as addicting as ETS2, with all the features you'd come to expect. Wish the map was more expansive, but for only $20, I can justify the small map, and save some money for the DLC's that I""m sure are coming to open more map up."
76561198277816799,Recommended,270880,25678798,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MrHeatGamer,A very large and awesome simulator. Its basicly like real life. And it looks like real life to by the graphics. Thanks you creators for making this game. Its the best!
76561198166405565,Recommended,270880,26592745,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Reporine24,"It is a outstanding game. Many cities to deliver cargo too. Etc, I've played ETS2 for quite a while, So I am totally a fan of this game. Although. It is definitely Recommended."
,Recommended,270880,28126919,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,King1220,The map rescale made this game a whole lot better!
76561198153325366,Recommended,270880,26264219,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ish_Wor,"Just bought the game for MP but found this game is dying in lack of contents. Heard about rescale, it will surely do good for SCS as they are listening to their fans. We need rescale fast and new states."
,Recommended,270880,29108760,Posted: 7 January,all,Banksy,"American Truck Simulator helped me realise:1) I can't drive2) I can't park3) I have no sense of directionBut by golly, it taught me to never give up and keep on truckin'."
76561197984266556,Recommended,270880,27827772,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kamen Cider,"I've never had a good experience with driving (sim) games, and I never thought I'd play one about driving cargo trucks/rigs.Until now.A friend of mine in Australia got me started on this (and ETS2 by the same company), and I was so hooked that I bought a decent game wheel and pedal set.This game (and ETS2) are the only driving games I would recommend to my friends that want to drive anything other than racing cars."
,Recommended,270880,27689604,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sileighty,Between Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck are some years of work . Good Job SCS ! I am waiting to next expansion!
76561198315240578,Recommended,270880,28280546,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Connor. KW,it is a great game for all skill levals and all levels of gamers i love how easy it is to modify tha game by adding trucks trailers skins and much more it is a great game and i highly recomend anyone whos interested in trucks get it.
,Recommended,270880,27447737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dadaism,Optimus Prime
,Recommended,270880,27692894,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blue,10/10
,Recommended,270880,22199218,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Azeria,"It's ets2 again. With a smaller, but more detailed map. The price reflects this though and it's nice to start from scratch again, i'd like to see more states (which are coming soonTM) and some intergration betweent the two games via WoT. If you liked ets2 and have played the crap out of  East and North already (and are just waiting for France!) then pick this up. It's dope, also check out the multiplayer mod, it's pretty cool."
76561198066022068,Recommended,270880,26417890,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"A flawed but enjoyable semi-sequel to Euro Truck Simulator 2.Do not buy this if you have not played Euro Truck Simulator 2. ETS2 is a superior game in nearly every way and you should play that first.If you are like me though, and you greatly enjoyed ETS2 and are looking for something similar but new, this is it.Pros:Handful of new trucksTotally different landscapeCities look very niceGame feels so close to ETS2 you can jump right inCons:Map takes less time to traverseTime acceleration means more stops than ETS2Cops are more obnoxious than speed camerasReally needs a bit more refinement and more area to be a great game. As is, still good.Edit: Distance scaling change has been a big improvement. Need more trucks now."
,Recommended,270880,29299419,Posted: 16 January,all,pete_agreatguy,"Just as good as Euro Truck Sim 2 (ETS2). SCS Software have gone and done exactly what you would expect for this game/simulation. The graphics are fantastic. Currently, the choice of trucks you can own is a little low compared to ETS2 but there are mods available which can be added to the game (I recommend visiting the scs software forum for these). Works really well with a steering wheel, peddels and shifter (I use the Logitech G29). To get the rev LEDs working use fanaleds software (again google this). A few little surprises around the map(s) including military projects from Area 51 and a very good view of the Grand Canyon.Amazing Multiplayer via the truckersmp (google this to learn more).I highly recommend this game/simulation. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,270880,29341133,Posted: 18 January,all,Nevermore9197,"Very good game for when you want to play games but dont want to have to be tense and competitive. Graphics aren't top notch, even with mods. It's dont in direct x 9 so it runs sluggish with newer graphics cards, but it's still plenty smooth enough. The workshop is pretty good, still getting content added as of 1-18-17. Try it, you'll like it."
76561198176018065,Recommended,270880,28211650,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,UprisingM249,"Good game.I liked this, fun if you know the rules of the road and have paitence. Beautiful sights, good graphics, and a very good time-killer. If you are going to buy this, you've made a good decision.You get into the game, you check out your truck, and you think ''Man, I'm gonna beat this so easily'', but then you check the prices of the trucks. 80k for a truck. It's a time-based game. You really need to work hard to start your buisness.I'm still in a position without a truck, taking jobs off the market without a truck.Overall, good game. Enjoyed it, and still do. My friends love watching me play over Skype. I'd give this game a 9 / 10, and I'd love to play again.-SlightlyDoge"
76561198126936574,Recommended,270880,28237596,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,wmgraff01,i feel that scs needs to get it together soon i used to be able to play this game for hours no i can only play for like a min to 1 second before it crash i have a top of the line computer
76561198268997485,Recommended,270880,33194522,Posted: 3 July,all,Johnny Mac,"Definatly get this if you like open roads, the modding comunity is awesome and over all a great game to have."
76561198203003400,Recommended,270880,33146634,Posted: 2 July,all,reaganomicslamborghini,is good
,Recommended,270880,33195654,Posted: 3 July,all,Aurum,"A relaxing game with some beautiful scenes.Pretty laggy when it comes to the city if you have a mid-low range GPU with high or med settings.Well, at first I thought this game was gonna have all states of the USA, but well, it's not really bad it only have 3 of them. Maybe the rest gonna come out as DLC. Looking forward for the future development."
76561198089288823,Recommended,270880,33239181,Posted: 4 July,all,/-\ndromed/-\,a very fun game overall!
76561198110507904,Recommended,270880,33229545,Posted: 4 July,all,JessyNyan,little content I guess but still ok
,Recommended,270880,27307812,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Max S. [Paronoid and Anxious],"Every day, Getting up. Doing normal things then I get time to get on here. Thinking I want to really be one someday, but it's someday..."
76561198136557979,Recommended,270880,30693996,Posted: 23 March,all,Slickknife™  ᵀᴼᴬ,"I had a review already, but I want to change what I said now that I've obtained a wheel. I can now finally enjoy the game to it's fullest. A lot of folks reconmmend the G27, but, man, the price for a used 7+ year old wheel is just way to unrealistic. So I bought the G920, mostly because ""IF"" I ever bought another console game, it would be the Xbox one. Now, I didn't realize this game required so many buttons, so the G29 might be a better choice for others, but I'm happy with what I chose. Anyway, enought about that. This game is, like a said, alot more fun with the wheel, I had already put a 100 hours in it before the wheel, but now I can play it alot more with out getting bored. Only thing about a wheel, is when your turning, you have to switch over to the mouse to look both ways, it get annoying. Other than that, I don't really have any negatives, besides the FPS drops...still I can't figure out if it's my computer, or the game. I mean, I've been getting drops in almost every game...but, enough of that, totally recommend. Just be patient and they will come out with more states...sooner or later. I just hope they don't charge for every single one of them."
76561198286289610,Recommended,270880,26033482,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jaynj_sp,Very good game. Great mods and mod support
,Recommended,270880,33356267,Posted: 7 July,all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,Got a speeding ticket from a cop driving faster than me.10/10.
76561197965120742,Recommended,270880,33273540,Posted: 5 July,all,Murdoch,"Rescale! They f***ing rescaled the entire map after getting alot of negative feedback for the 1:35 scale, WHO DOES THAT!?Its now 1:20 just like ETS2, and thats a really good scale.SCS Software does! They are great! :)Only problem with these games is that you always want more, and while more is coming, it is taking alot of time!I love these games because I love trucks and really want to be a truck driver my self, but since I cant do that right now this helps me get to scratch that itch very well! Get a good wheel and a H shifter and you'll never stop!The game does work with keyboard and mouse too or a game controller, but I have always played with a wheel, gone through 3 or 4 of them now. Went from a 15 year old Logitech wheel to now having a G29 with shifter.Pro's* Makes America Look Great Again - Desperately needed!Cons* I'm too skinny to get that How heavy am I? achievement apparently. :( - Feed me? :oOnly thing bad here is my review... it sucks, but hey, I highly recommend this title if you love driving and want a challange trying to park big trucks and trailers in tight spaces. The parking challanges are abit more difficult in this game then its been in ETS2. Try the Railway parking behind all the crap just by the tracks... having to back a trailer around two blind corners... real fun. DONT CHEAT!"
76561198316005131,Recommended,270880,33252695,Posted: 4 July,all,Jake1039277,I think this is an amazing game. The graphics are just awesome!
76561198121574391,Recommended,270880,33250254,Posted: 4 July,all,SiMiS,Intresting and good game
,Recommended,270880,24193760,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,GrayFox65,I dont know why but I keep playing this game. Keeps you hooked because that next upgrade or new truck is only one job away.I wish they had more than just two different truck dealers. Maybe they will add more to the game later.
,Recommended,270880,33129589,Posted: 2 July,all,Räzz,"Great game if you like, truckin', haulin' and use mods.The graphics are totally unbearable without ""Realistic Graphics Mod v1.7.9 for ATS"" by Frkn64 and SweetFX (just google SweetFx for ATS"", makes a huuuge difference!)."
,Recommended,270880,29528051,Posted: 27 January,all,Synkke,"Absolutely one of the best games I've ever played, realistic, good looking and great whit all the different DLC's and mods. <3"
76561198007923471,Recommended,270880,29754975,Posted: 6 February,all,MOMO & YUNA,"I own both ATS and ETS, and have been playing both of them. They both have the same system, interface and rules. The graphic are very close if not the same quality. What different is only the nature and environment of Europe and USA. I lived in European countries for 2 years, never lived in USA but seen a lot in movies, they both feel like driving there. ETS' towns have restful, lush greenery and lonely kind of feeling just like Europe in real life, while ATS' towns have lively, exciting and fun kind of feeling just like USA in real life. So i really feel like i am there.In ETS i dont see any pedestrian in the towns except in the factories (workers), but in ATS i always see people here and there in the towns, that adds realism and life to the towns, also ATS' towns have more shops and environment objects that they really feel like real towns.They both run at Ultra smoothly at 40 - 50 constant fps on my PC i7, 12GB RAM, GTX650Ti 2GB, so no lag issue.I love and enjoy them both, and they cannot replace each other. They both are must have truck driving games. Buy them both if you can afford, but if you have to buy only one, I would recommend you to get ATS first. Don't worry about having a smaller map than ETS at the moment, more states will come in the near future.I am using Logitech MOMO steering wheel, it feels very good with these games. With a good realistic suspension mod from the workshop, it's perfect."
,Recommended,270880,33079546,Posted: 1 July,all,tim.,"My late brother Samuel once owned a lorry(ortruckif you are American. andwrong.). And once, when I was a young, critically frail salmon boy, I was riding with him when we crashed into a 2003Nissan Almerawith a 1.3 litre gasoline engine that, for some undisputedly strange reason featured a fuel injector system retrofitted by the Los Angeles tuning garageJoey Brangler's Car Garage, owned by the world renown car mechanicSamuel. But for the sake of maintaing a predicum of clarity in this story and/or review and to not confuse my brotherSamuelwith the, far more famous, world renown car mechanicSamuel, I will from now on refer to this latterSamuelasBall Boy. Not for the sake of his preferences in geometrical shapes, but for the fact thatBall Boy (i.e. Samuel)was a part time owner of the famous bread company'Isiah Arnoldson's Big Brown Balls of Bread Company Ltd..I can still hear my brotherSamuel's scream as we careened into that light sky blue 2003 Nissan Almera(no carburettor). He looked over to me as the Japanese car's driver's box ofCapri Sun Tropical Punchthat was kept in the boot compartment(probably to be used for a small child's birthday party), flew through the front windshield of the lorry and hit him square in the face and immediately took his life. The look on his face said something so serene to my young, undisturbed lifefull childlike body. It gave a sense of purpose to an otherwise good childhood.I just cheated death by a massive margin that day. I easily could have been hit by that sameCapri Sun Tropical Punchbox(probably to be used for a small child's birthday party)and my life could've taken the same tragic turn as my brotherSamuel (not Ball Boy). But it didn't, and I wasn't going to waste this new life opportunity. So I moved toAmericaand bought 1truck.I still remember my first job. I sat at myWeatherson Deskman's Good Desk's-branded desk, in myEaston Wooded Chairs & Accessories-branded chair, waiting for a call to come through. Now, you might think it to be quite the sacreligious move to mix office furnishings from these old, well-renowned manifacturers of high quality office furnishings(and accessories). But I assure you that no Satans and no specific Demons has showed up as of late. At least not for that specific reason, for one did actually did show up a few days ago. But he was not there to lecture me on the mixture of office furnishings from two honoured classic American furnishing companies, both of which's owner's fought valiantly in the  highly controversial Vietnam War(that reigned on from the late 1950's to the middle of 2011.). The Demon actually didn't have a preference in office furnishings, as I did find a moment to ask him because I found it as a pressing issue. The Demon, appropriately namedSamuel(but for continuing clarity throughout this review of the video game 'American Truck Simulator', we will hereby refer to this Demon as ""James""), wanted to tell me that the fact that I had not engaged in pre-marital intercourse was a good thing, but as James(Demon)was a creature of the bad, ""good"" things were ""bad"", as in; he wanted me to change that. This was something I had not thought of, as I was too busy with the trucking thing. I wanted to find a life partner, preferentially a'girl'and just as I realized that, the phone rang. It was a company by the name of""THE CAPRI SUN COMPANY"", based out of San Diego, California, Romania(yes, there actually is another San Diego, California apart from the well-known one in the United Stated of America).It was like a cruel joke to me. I thought it was the Demon at first, but he sat very quietly in the'Boar Man Iverson's Supreme Plywood Furnishings'-branded armchair sat in the corner of my office. He didn't do the call. It was real life,""THE CAPRI SUN COMPANY"", based out of San Diego, California, Romania actually wanted me to drive drinks for them across the country.I had to do it. As a redemption.And as my truck was in the garage and I had lost the key, I had to take...... my2003 Nissan Almera(with a fuel injector system, (retrofitted by the Los Angeles tuning garage Joey Brangler's Car Garage, owned by the world renown car mechanic Ball Boy (Samuel)))."
,Recommended,270880,33478643,Posted: 12 July,all,#FSE | S Λ M T Ξ L L,"i would say this is a decent successor to the previous hit, with new landscape and road laws. Definitely recommend it, and right turns on red ftw!"
76561198098441867,Recommended,270880,23423858,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,thesimulatorgamer,"Pros-Realistic Highway numbers-Realistic speed limits-Fun-Same graphics engine at ETS2, so it is an easy transition.-Mods are part of Steam Workshop, so they are guaranteed virus-free.Cons-Same graphics engine as ETS2, so a bit disappointing.-Scaled WAY the f**k down, so it is not really a big map. Much smaller than ETS2.-Only Peterbuilt and Kenworth, and only 1 Peterbuilt truck. Limited options of 3 total trucks to choose from.-The cops are total Nazis, and totally unrealistic. 1 over is a 500 fine. WTFYes, the game is still in early stages. Yes, I expected more of a map. It is called American Truck Simulator, yet it only has 3 of the 50 states. A bit of a drawback. There will be updates, so there is that to look forward to. All in all, I would say it is a solid game and I would recommend it to anybody who likes ETS2."
,Recommended,270880,23424667,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Pixel,"I loved play ETS, these games just arent my cup of tea anymore. I won't be one of those ""OHH this game sucks CausE iT is terrIble on mouse."" Then give it a bad review. I reccomend it, I just don't like them anymore."
,Recommended,270880,31893722,Posted: 21 May,all,adrillionjackson1,Everyone needs to get this amazing game you will have lots of fun.
76561198089477764,Recommended,270880,31896477,Posted: 21 May,all,TheVeganCannibal,A super relaxing game where you build a trucking empire.
76561198101681928,Recommended,270880,32068075,Posted: 30 May,all,BackTrackz,Pretty Good if id say so realistic 6/10 fun aspect 7/10
76561198383726991,Recommended,270880,31813465,Posted: 17 May,all,F1N4L [ZF] farmskins.com,i like it good
,Recommended,270880,31832949,Posted: 18 May,all,Burj_The_Great,Wow such a great game! Very well optimized. FYI; Currently running on 1440p 60fps with a 4GB card on ultra. What do i say besides great game?
76561198196653674,Recommended,270880,31852633,Posted: 19 May,all,gfrinksr78,"The game is pretty cool for what is. Only a few things I wish you could do differently,  1- wish you could buy a trailer (s) as well 2- wish you had to get a contract (s) to haul with said trailer (s) 3- more states, ( I know your working on this can't wait for new Mexico) keep up the good work and i am looking forward to getting the over sized loads DLC. 👍"
,Recommended,270880,31904605,Posted: 22 May,all,Milkallama,"Very immersive. Great scenery. If you use the multiplayer mod, players are very friendly to others."
,Recommended,270880,32056266,Posted: 29 May,all,Reggie Barry,"ATS is quite realistic. I passed out while driving late at night, woke up at the sound of my truck plowing into a highway barrier."
76561198272410133,Recommended,270880,32788956,Posted: 25 June,all,411colin,I LOVE this game for its realism and the detailed landscapes. You probably wouldnt enjoy this game if your computer cant deal with the game and the graphics being run by the proccessor (doesnt use graphic card very well) You dont feel like your grinding as many detailed lanscapes surround the roads. The community is strong and theres quite a few mods you can download that help your game. overall its amazing and with 40 hours of time on it ive never been bored
76561198384491234,Recommended,270880,31814076,Posted: 17 May,all,ANGERQUAKE,Very addictive game for anyone.
76561198246006468,Recommended,270880,31814904,Posted: 17 May,all,ceswick1,I dislike the getting kicked out at rest areas
,Recommended,270880,31894503,Posted: 21 May,all,xHRGamingx,"American Truck Simulator is a game that works great on all graphics levels. Weather on a couple hundred dollar laptop or a high quality gaming setup, if you can tune the graphics just right, your playing experience will be one of the best in the driving simulator game category! Add a wheel and shifter and it gets turned up to 11. Totally worth $20. Thanks for a great game SCS and keep up the great work!"
76561198201552717,Recommended,270880,31896251,Posted: 21 May,all,japsun1200,Best truck Simulator omg
76561198302397121,Recommended,270880,32075668,Posted: 30 May,all,american rebel,good game but it would be nice to have a cb radio in the game
,Recommended,270880,31824983,Posted: 18 May,all,Roo_Reeves,This is a great game!
,Recommended,270880,31835946,Posted: 19 May,all,dasunsrule32,"Fun game, lots of options, pretty good graphics and supportive developers."
76561198281753832,Recommended,270880,31877741,Posted: 21 May,all,MunchiexZilla,"The game as a whole is good, its relaxing. Although it is, it seriously lacks a true variety of trucks, add some Freightliner's, Internationals, Volvos, and well, Just all the common, modern or old U.S. trucks. Make the game more realistic, i understand it's a lot of work, but the map can wait. Let people get caught up and enjoy their personal favorites."
,Recommended,270880,31880762,Posted: 21 May,all,Tex,"""This simulator has very pleasant atmosphere and feels realistic.""+ great graphics+ very good sounds+ detailed citites and landscapes+ elaborate physics+ well optimized+ pleasant atmosphere(- there are now only 4 trucks, but you can get some great community made trucks in the Workshop)- sometimes the AI vehicles are doing stupid thingsI think, this game (simulator) will be better than ETS2 in the future, but it'll take some time.Definitely recommend!"
76561198021654366,Recommended,270880,32088406,Posted: 31 May,all,SamRothstein,"Only a few hours in but, OMG this game is an absolute steal for $20.  Such high quality and depth, I feel ashamed that I'm only paying 20 bucks for this."
,Recommended,270880,32103000,Posted: 1 June,all,Amelia_bullock,"Amazing Gaame.Verry realistic in the way of the way the trucks are made, and the map is amayzing"
,Recommended,270880,24417377,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Task Force 131,"after ETS2 they did a better job on this game. you ask why? they graphic wise, this game look better and we have less lag in game and as game play wise, they did a way better job than ETS2.AI 8/10realistic 9.2/10graphic 9.5/10Game play 9/10sound 9/10-------------------total 8.94/10"
76561198085018026,Recommended,270880,29823672,Posted: 10 February,all,FOTAN LAIKI hellcase.com,"turn on a radio, and lose yourself with the brilliant scenery. it have great potential as SCS only release three states, but they should speed up their production."
,Recommended,270880,28028198,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BeardMen,One of my fravrit games.Single player is good but online is where the real fun is at.
76561197992338978,Recommended,270880,22176017,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,rboonstr,Ihave played this sim since it was released on steam and would recomment itstrongly to any one into  sims graphics  are great   frame rates are great  but it depents  on how well your  computor  is set-upthe only issue  to me  is the size of the  sim   just two states  so farbut that will change   and the next state will be arizona   and  hopefully  more will followI do not use mods as i have had no luck getting them to work
,Recommended,270880,23544899,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Amiya,Nothing says a weekend of fun quite like cruising on the shoulder at 90 mph in a Kenworth while pulling 17.5 tonnes of dynamite.
,Recommended,270880,28592443,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TeknixTM,Great game! Love the graphics and physics. The deliveries don't get repetitive due to the large amount of routes and destinations.
,Recommended,270880,28689563,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bamrak,Very fun game! I love once you advance you can begin to manage other drivers and navigate the world of buisiness ownership
,Recommended,270880,26968147,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gekco,"You may be thinking, ""really? a truck simulator? How can this be any fun!"" Well, let me tell you, American Truck Simulator has a strange attention grabbing aspect to it. You can mod the SP, you can play online with the Multiplayer mod and drive around with other players. Now, with the rescale coming out, which was the most complained about part of this game it is even better. Do you want to drive a Truck, or even drive around with your friends (requires MP mod by TruckersMP) then buy American Truck Simulator now!"
,Recommended,270880,26190559,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Nico,Can now legally drive roads in America
76561197991996456,Recommended,270880,28579387,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,swordkorn,Long time player of Euro Truck Simulator 2 and finding this experience to be just as good if not better!At first you load it up and you think that only three states is nothing... especially compared to ETS2... but then you play and thanks to the recent rescale trust me... you can't quickly run out of places to explore!I would highly recommend this game to any fan of ETS2 and even if this is your first ever stab at a truck simulator... if you're interested enough to look then you will enjoy this game for many hours! Well worth the asking price but seeing as I got it with 30% off... easily the best £10 I've spent this year!What are ou waiting for? Jump in the driver's seat!
,Recommended,270880,30017250,Posted: 18 February,all,Coldhands,This game made me hate California.
76561198166286983,Recommended,270880,20941406,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,1D-02 Cat,awsome cool game got to buy hope they add the whole usa
76561198176861626,Recommended,270880,23547955,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ayy LMFAO,"AI Drivers in LA especially, cannot drive for♥♥♥♥♥♥  Just like the real thing.10/10 for realism."
,Recommended,270880,30319997,Posted: 4 March,all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,"So you're wondering if you should buy this since you like ETS2 so much?+ prettier sceneries (grand ♥♥♥♥ing canyon, las vegas, SF)+ easier achievements?- uglier trucks (and only two brands)- more expensive fines (♥♥♥♥ da police)- smaller map (duh)ATS definitely doesn't feel as complete as ETS2, but it sure is worth it. The game is newer, more DLC were already announced, and the change of pace from Europe is a much needed breath of fresh air."
76561198288023091,Recommended,270880,28496925,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ghettofreaksho,This game is AWESOME!
76561198174181662,Recommended,270880,27816117,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,→Frasee←,"This game is bloody brilliant, keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,270880,27830234,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Brexxie,"I Bought this game based off the premise that it looked like it would be a good game and i wasnt let down, I have put countless hours in it and i still keep playing,I fully recommend this game"
,Recommended,270880,26214565,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Adopt,"Great game, basically Euro Truck Simulator but in 'Murica.Good game if you like driving simulators."
,Recommended,270880,26338991,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,shortz,alt+tab=fun
76561198027886622,Recommended,270880,26917195,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stefano,"I am writing this review with almost 200 hours played on ETS2 and just over 50 hours in ATS. This game is certainly has its flaws, but overall, i love it. It is pretty much the only truck driving simulator game and fortunately enough, it is made by a good team. At the time of writing this, v1.5 just droped in beta (rescale) and the game feels totally different. It adds a lot more playability and feels even more immersive. My only real complaint is that the updates for this game are way to slow. It takes months to get something new and even 8 months after release date, we still only have 4 trucks and 3 states to drive in."
76561198297456002,Recommended,270880,29314348,Posted: 17 January,all,Monoply Man,"Well After almost 17 hours of this game, my Review finds this game 4.5/5 stars.My Likes and Dislikes.. Graphics are great..  Runs well on Radeon r2. runs on 4GB ram. Mulitplayer is fun and people are helpful(Only Dislike people on Mulitplayer sometimes do not know how to drive!!!!!!!!!!!)"
,Recommended,270880,29176047,Posted: 10 January,all,Elderking1986,I like this game. I've been playing almost non-stop since I brought it during the last sale. It does need a bit more optimization for the cab view because it lags more in that view than the exterier view for some reason but I'm not complaining. It's a fun game.9/10
76561198120206103,Recommended,270880,27093058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vidmantas Wildcase.com,Love America? just buy it
76561198095709803,Recommended,270880,28334795,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,poll_nigel,American trucker has got even better with the upscale update making it more inline with euro trucker.
76561197994070561,Recommended,270880,28337597,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Bellerophon GT,"A nice relaxing game if you want to chill, and it is very easy to play even if you do not have a lot of ""sim game"" experience. Suggest using some sort of analog controls like an xbox controller, but have a mouse an kb close by as the interface is not 100% compatible with just a controller. For example, some menus require you moving a mouse cursor with the controller if you do not have a mouse handy.  Only real gripe is the AA; the only choice is ""MLAA"".  It's awful as far as smoothing goes. I'm running it at 4434 x 2494 DSR on a 2560x1440 panel (still 60fps on gtx 1080 at max settings) and I can still see modest jaggies. Not a deal breaker, but more advanced AA options would be nice."
76561198204354576,Recommended,270880,23680535,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,EDM;),"I LOVE this game. very well set up, havent had alot of problems with it .... but i have something that i think should be added to it. if it was to be added i know several more people would buy this game , if not ALOT more.my idea is like 1/2 ton , 3/4 ton , 1 ton and so on CHEVY , FORD , DODGE medium and heavy duty trucks... example ( 2015 F250 or F350 6.7 powerstroke) and so on... even later model trucks like 2000 and older/newer. LIKE IF YOU AGREE PLEASE!!!!!!!"
76561198293743603,Recommended,270880,23521454,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,A Soggy Piece of Bread,good overall game with the mp and the workshop mods in singleplayer10/10 would drive again
76561198295422836,Recommended,270880,23758859,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Scoobydooland2,"As a fan of simulation games, ATS really brought the fun of driving a truck into reality! I've spent countless hours getting all the achievements and discovering 100% of the map. In the end though, I did it! One thing though, the constant truck driving is REALLY boring after a while. You can fix that problem though by buying your own truck and go on sightseeing! Also, you can go to the Steam workshop for this and download a few mods, one such mod being no damage, and another being advanced transmissions! So I can drive around going 163mph and not get damaged! This game is truly worth your buck though, that is though if you make the best out of it! I can't wait until the next one! Maybe it will be Canadian Truck Simulator, or Asian Truck Simulator! We can only guess the possiblities!12 out of 10, one of the best games I've ever played!"
76561198092362282,Recommended,270880,24382474,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lynx,this game is great compared to its couter part euro truck simulator its basically a reskin but they still need to add more map more trucks and the game would be amazing
76561198282028956,Recommended,270880,23412388,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,18spd jaymie,ever since the new update for the shifter or whaatever it is my game wont start it just pops up with preparing to start and it never does anything else im running 1.3 public beta please help;-(
76561198303049298,Recommended,270880,29260672,Posted: 14 January,all,BobTheBuilder,Very Very Realistic And Fun
76561197990098182,Recommended,270880,27776826,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,eccles2122,"Have a virtual career in trucking, traverse the western states of America. If you like trucks, well here you go.Could use more trucks for being a TRUCK simulator, but with plenty of mods out there...I can recommend it."
,Recommended,270880,29154594,Posted: 9 January,all,!@#Patrick!@#,"Amazing game, Very impressed with the graphics happy to know that the whole U.S will be out at the end. Very fun game to play if you like trucks. Very fluent when using a steering wheel to drive it. Has some easter eggs (Truck Racing) that can be found!!! Love this game and deffinitly recommend it to those who like simulators like me. I have not seen a better simulator on trucks in America then this. Hope to see you excel developers! Have a great Day!~PatrickGaming07~"
76561198062724902,Recommended,270880,29173826,Posted: 10 January,all,LeftClickMadness,"First things first, I personally enjoy this game and will continue to enjoy this game. Something about being alone with the open road, taking jobs across long distances and sightseeing really relaxes me.So let's get into the game!Profile Creation:It's simple, it's quick, there's not a lot of messing around with it. Give you driver a name, choose a picture from hundres both male & female, Pick a logo and name your company and that's pretty much it.Playing the game:So you've made your profile and are ready to get going. You're going to have to take jobs from the job list as you don't have your own truck yet, meaning you're driving somebody else's truck and taking cargo from point A to point B. Once you get your own truck, you'll be taking jobs from the freight market and picking them up yourself and you will earn a bit more for it. There's a bit of a grind and messing with skills but you'll get there eventually.Vehicles:At the time of this review, there are only 4 different types of trucks to purchase: TheKenworth T680,Kenworth W900,Peterbilt 579and thePeterbilt 389. Though there are only 4 trucks, the customization on them is fairly good, but parts are locked and you have to unlock them with ranking up.Skills & Ranking:Every job you complete, you gain experience and money. The experience goes towards a level progress bar and new parts and paints will unlock as you level higher into the game. Every level you progress through will give you a point to use in skills, which can be used forLong Distance Cargo,Fragile Cargo,On Time Delivery,High Value Cargo,Dangerous Cargo(ie: flammable, corrosive or explosive) andFuel Economy.Driving & Parking:Driving with a trailer can be difficult, parking one can be even harder. That's why SCS put in an option to choose between skilled and simple, or if you're truly lazy, skip it entirely(You will lose the added bonus for parking the trailer yourself though)! During your drives, you'll probably find yourself breaking a few laws likeSpeed Offenses,Traffic Light Offenses,Collision Offenses,Wrong Way Offensesand a few others.Overall Pros and ConsPros-Accurate vehicle recreation-Accurate Simulation-Good amount of customization-Lots of roads to travel and places to goCons-AI Traffic can bug out and create traffic jams(that's really all I can think of)First in depth review I've done of a game so hopefully it wasn't too bad. I hope it helped!"
76561198130707390,Recommended,270880,28498043,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,mstrmagemerlin,"I enjoyed the entire game. Very realistic. However, was greatly disappointed that there is only the 3 states to run in! After so long, one gets tired of the same old highways and towns and was hoping that the entire would be available. Also, it seems that most of the docks were rather let's say small for a large truck. I know it's for the challenge, but as a professional driver, not all places are that difficult to park :) Anyway, it's a great game, just give us more states to run!! PLEASE!!!"
76561198006692577,Recommended,270880,21362597,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Eagle Eye,Awesome truck sim game..Branch off  from ETS2..Great Graphics and easy play if your tired of FPS action games..Thumbs up from me..
,Recommended,270880,21595365,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Citybuild122,"So, as a follower of pretty much all of SCS' games, I've pretty much owned all of their games. And I have to say, this game is awesome! So let's go over somethings. First, if you don't like Euro Truck Simulator 2, don't buy this. The GUI's are the exact same and ther only real difference is that this is American. Another thing, if you are impatient and cant do nothing for ten minutes while moving cargo, don't buy this. So, let's get into performance. I own top of the line gaming computers and they have no trouble playing this with every graphics option on high. I own multiple AMD AND NVIDIA gaming computers and they both work perfectly. So AMD Users, don't be afraid. If you have a computer that might not be a gaming computer, I personally don't think I would take the risk. However, you can always get a refund. The graphics (If turned up) are really amazing. And one thing that will make you really impressed is the hills. If you have a solid FPS and I do, going over hills at the same time while turning looks truly amazing. It demonstrates the physics of the game and how much their games have improved.-Pros--Great graphics--Great physics--Realistic--Does not get boring for me--Trucks are awesome--The ability to use pedals,steering wheel, clutch, etc.-Cons--I think that the whole ""Damage"" thing could be better. For example, I think that car accidents could be taken to another level. If a car pulls out in front of me and I hit it and it ruins my load and I don't get paid and then have to pay for my truck, I don't believe that is fair.--Speed limits should be a little less strictHOWEVER, this is beta and for what they have right now, the game is amazing and I definitely would recommend this."
,Recommended,270880,21776006,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mr Dudu 10,"A great game. It takes all the pros of ETS 2, like the great physics and realism, and packs them into an American Environment. It even fixes one major con in ETS 2, the detail in the scenery. I own both games, and can definitely say that the detail is miles ahead (pun intended) of its European counterpart. If you like ETS 2, this is a definite buyand my comment to those who say that ATS is a copy of ETS 2, it isn't. Only the UI is the same, and I have a question for them. ""Why change something that's already good?"" In my opinion, ""If it ain't broke, don't fix it!"", and that's definitely the approach that SCS Software took towards American Truck Simulator, and it seems to have worked. Being critical towards the game, I dislike the fact that till now, there are only three trucks, and the map is still quite relatively small. However, the developers have said that they will expand the map and add more trucks as time goes by. In fact, they have a free Arizona DLC on the way, which should expand the map quite a bit. Overall, I definitely recommend this game."
76561198183652434,Recommended,270880,20947976,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Simon45,Best game ever played. You need to buy it because its so good and it feel so real. I recommended this game.
76561198006591585,Recommended,270880,20944719,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Chief Zuma,"My only dissapointment is that you can't actually get an omlete in bay city.I was hungry when I wrote this reviewIn all seriousness though, this game is amazing. It needs a bigger map, and it will get one with the release of the free Arizona DLC, but for now it's painfully small."
76561198085689465,Recommended,270880,20934682,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FoxyFatal,im like playing this game but there is some stuff they need to fix on  a highway you can go 70 not 55 need to fix that soon and like in america 70% of all four wheelers ( cars ) will brake cheak you (will get infront of you and hit there brakes and try to crash into you) but i like the game need to add more trucks and stuff but its fun for me
,Recommended,270880,20965345,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dolan,"If you enjoyed playing ETS 2 you will love ATS there is not much content now but more is comming :) I really recommend this game, get it now!! :P"
,Recommended,270880,23575977,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Anomaly's Door V3,*Buys Game*Installs MP mod*goes to Arizona*finds secret racetrack*watches 60 odd trucks go round one small track*sees numarous trucks flipped overendless entertainment 10/10 would flip again ;)
,Recommended,270880,25420679,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Matua Anaru,Honest its a great game funny signs and fun when you crash into people online
,Recommended,270880,30949124,Posted: 4 April,all,ninjarelic,"Not just a great sim, but a great game too. The sounds are miles ahead of the old SCS games in America which is the biggest selling point for me besides the obvious graphics and interface. If it wasn't for a pretty severe lack of content, most notably trucks, i would recommend this game all day long. For the price its hard to find something better if you dont want Euro, im just assuming that though since I've never played a Euro truck sim. I'm genuinely excited to start playing it again and it sucks up hours upon hours seemingly without effort. There will be plenty more hours put into this game before I'm done with it.Overall, 4/5Could be 5/5 as long as the devs stick with itKind of seems like they relied on the community doing most of their work for them through the workshop, hoping that wasn't the case or they got the message that people aren't ok with that option."
76561198174733731,Recommended,270880,30779456,Posted: 27 March,all,Thug C4L,"If you just have the time and will this game is amazing just to chill since if you know the basics and learn to drive the trucks with either controller or a wheel its one of the most relaxing games i know and theres barely anything you could get mad at,just put some internet radio either in to the game or listen from a browser and just drive and enjoy!"
,Recommended,270880,30916800,Posted: 2 April,all,Saint,"Discovered Euro Truck Simulator first, then the next day after I bought that the American version was released. I love both of these simulators. Ohh, and I guess I should make note that I started both while driving a truck in real life! And you ask what the defination of insanity is?!!  Drive a truck for 18 hours, spend another 4 doin this. haha"
,Recommended,270880,30824418,Posted: 29 March,all,Streak,"If you want to have a really realistic Trucking Simulator based in America, then this is te game for you! The game and all of the dlc are worth every penny you pay,"
76561198170079494,Recommended,270880,24675330,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,valjorge,This one of the best gmaes of 2016 in my opinion  this game is grat for anyone who loves truckingare who loves to drive
76561198106944075,Recommended,270880,32691989,Posted: 23 June,all,the emperor,"driving across california welst you play country music obnoxiously loud is always fun. i hope they add more states, canada and mexico but one can dream, can't he?"
,Recommended,270880,32885715,Posted: 27 June,all,Biel1 ♛,Beautiful game
76561198055858778,Recommended,270880,32971044,Posted: 28 June,all,N0TRyan,Fantastic game. very relaxing. with less content but as addictive as Eurotruck 2.
76561198178237971,Recommended,270880,33066162,Posted: 30 June,all,Davak,"After playing ETS2, I decided to get ATS, and I think its absolutly worth it. Driving around with the trucks they have is alot of fun, especially if you have some freinds to do it with on mutiplayer. I do wish however that they did have volvo, and more trucks, but the current selection of trucks is enough to satisfy me. Over i'd give this game a 9/10, for being quite fun, but not having as high of a selection of trucks, as ETS2."
,Recommended,270880,25658694,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,loffen97,Where is the sick blacksmoke from the pipes :D?
76561198042010374,Recommended,270880,32840265,Posted: 26 June,all,Tronimus,"Not a truck driver, but this game is fun. You buy a truck, make deliveries, make money, get upgrades, make more money. Expand your garage, buy more trucks and hire NPC drivers, get more money."
76561198050707075,Recommended,270880,32850156,Posted: 27 June,all,HABIBI GONE WILD ™,"I was always a Sim and truck/car driving fan. Both ETS and ATS just made my day since their first release dates. If you take a look at other driving simulators, you can see that there is no purpose other than driving, just drive drive drive and drive. But im very happy about ATS and ETS both to have company management and recruit system. Also the dynamics and the gameplay is at its best; you have to get to a gasoline station to fill your tank and to sleep, you got to go to a mechanic to fix your damaged truck and etc. I can say that no game out there can or will be be as chill as ATS and ETS for me.I do Recommend %1.000.000"
,Recommended,270880,32962270,Posted: 28 June,all,Neil McCauley,"American Truck Simulator is very relaxing and therapeutic. It's like having a psychologist that always listens to you, and never talks. I drift off when I drive long hauls thinking about life and just reflect on random thoughts. Most people who have ever taken a road trip can totally understand what I speak of here, it's really a big part of driving, particualarly long distances though. Lots of time to just think. Without getting into how fantastic the mechanics are, how  visually stunning it is and the lack of pesty bugs, just not there like with other games. I'm sure they are there. I've just never noticed them. They're kind of like the speeding tickets in American Truck. I just turn them off in the options. Need an ""options"" menu for my Honda Civic..If you even have the slightest interest, seriously, just buy it, especially on sale. The reason for that is because the game offers good value for the content you are gettinng. Just keep in mind that DLC is still marketed, but well. So they're not tearing your arm off, to cross state lines, you know? Anyway.One of my favorite games on steam even though my career is relatively short compared to die hard truckers. Parking the rigs is a blast. The easy driving keeps pulling me back. The only thing is that it takes time to really enjoy. Being unemployed has it's advantages. My wife never goes on Steam to read reviews either. That also has it's  adavantages I suppose...Buy it!:)"
76561198036194590,Recommended,270880,32995318,Posted: 29 June,all,Over9000,"This is a very good game, but it can't compare with ETS2.I like the scenery very much and it's also fun to drive some new trucks, but all in all, this game needs so much map expantion!!!It's more 3 States in America Truck Simulator"
76561198041807038,Recommended,270880,32982695,Posted: 29 June,all,iJeffwuh,"It is as good as it looks. It is a truck driving sim. Your girlfriend will sit behind you and say ""are you really playing a game to sit at a traffic light?""I don't know why I find it fun, but it is. Building your own company and such is a bonus. But following traffic laws and such. Good stuff."
76561198109659752,Recommended,270880,32981416,Posted: 29 June,all,14paulie64,"Totally recommend this game.... Have been playing ETS2 for years and now I am blown away by how well this game runs, it's smooth and clear, mods are added easily and run smooth as well, Well done team for a great game!"
,Recommended,270880,32934763,Posted: 28 June,all,[HKG]keithkeithng,good game on truck driving simulation
76561198028582811,Recommended,270880,33102272,Posted: 1 July,all,norco_k,sooo good
76561198126856032,Recommended,270880,32917200,Posted: 28 June,all,Manuel Kladakis,"Fun Sim. Love ""Over The Top"", Love driving, love saving up money, love the atmosphere. 8/10"
76561198361655040,Recommended,270880,29569746,Posted: 29 January,all,1989 -TERMINATOR,really great game worth every penny highly recommended its not boring or anything
,Recommended,270880,31819889,Posted: 18 May,all,Strabo1980,10/10 would get a ticket again
,Recommended,270880,31853709,Posted: 19 May,all,trevorjbrown90,"I absolutely love this game, it's one of the most realistic simulators I've ever played. ATS rivals FS17, yet they are their own games which almost go hand in hand, so I'll literally farm a little bit and then transport some goods. I'm really happy to see the devs at SCS remaining active, they've clearly put a ton of sweat and tears into this.Graphics 10/10Gameplay 10/10Multiplayer 7/10(because it requires a mod)Performance 10/10 (Flawless)Thankyou SCS."
76561198147346858,Recommended,270880,31870975,Posted: 20 May,all,...MpG Trucking Nz...,"i do like the game ,,, but wonder when theres going to be more content as in like Euro truck sim 2..."
76561197991851606,Recommended,270880,31871607,Posted: 20 May,all,HossAlmighty,"Everyone needs to get TruckersMP mod. It is standalone and uses ATS. It allows you all to play online together. No traffic except other drivers! It is free! This game is a great game! I know SCS is a little slow at releasing states but I have to give them credit where credit is do and this game is Great! I can't wait for the whole US to be completed! Love the thought of visiting my home town! If you are interested in the trucking industry but cannot take the lifestyle, there is not a better option to get you very close to a true virtual experience. The trucks look real. The Highways are long and grueling at times. But it takes you away for a bit! I reccomend this game to everyone that has a bit of passion for the trucking industry!"
,Recommended,270880,32112880,Posted: 1 June,all,[NCG]Stone1555,"Great sim, and a great way to pass the time."
76561198246209642,Recommended,270880,32122796,Posted: 1 June,all,tristonlschmitt,I had this game on my personal computer but my computer past away  so I downloaded  it on my cousins  computer and it keeps crashing after I pick a location to start and it crashes can anone help me
76561198380145953,Recommended,270880,31814878,Posted: 17 May,all,Gandolf,"It's a great game, but there it has one big porblem that is not enough map. I suggest getting the game when it is on sale it is not woorth full pirce"
76561198086299134,Recommended,270880,31874196,Posted: 20 May,all,mwhite379,"This game is so in depth that it's not really a game but a true simulator with great graphics and if you have a triple screen setup it actually looks like and feels like you are driving a truck. So if you are on the fence on deciding, I highly recommend getting this true to life truck sim along with EURO TRUCK SIMULATOR 2 that way you have the best of both worlds and with constantly updated graphics and small minor improvements almost everyday you can't go wrong"
76561198157173104,Recommended,270880,32803031,Posted: 25 June,all,Joelk111,"American Truck Simulator is a Gem among simulation games.  ATS has it all.  My favorite part of ATS is that it isn't just a game where you drive a truck, you also manage your company, and build a fleet of trucks, all of which are customized to your liking.  It's the small things that bring this great game together."
76561198304365980,Recommended,270880,28217576,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,haoming522,Just buy it. It is truly an awesome game.
76561198068690615,Recommended,270880,26565645,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Klaudre,I drive alot
76561198106325204,Recommended,270880,30910914,Posted: 2 April,all,flames167,"i lov this game, it has new stuff like money"
,Recommended,270880,25824312,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ched One,This game is very realistic and is so fun to play for hours. People create very good mods for this game including one for multiplayer as this game doesn't have a multiplayer feature. Real truck brand names with lots of modifications for your personal truck. Overall great game!
76561198193214235,Recommended,270880,33782252,Posted: 25 July,all,EDviz28,I recomend it :)
,Recommended,270880,23709747,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,951Jimbo,"American Truck Simulator is a great game with some serious problems.  It's still a classic and loads of fun, but you may find more value in Euro Truck Sim 2.I have a big debate of whether I prefer ATS (American Truck Sim) or ETS2 (Euro Truck Sim 2).  The two games are very similar.  The UI, graphics, and game controls are improved in ATS, but overall the titles are very similar.  ETS2 has a vastly larger world.  As an American, learning and seeing the European countryside is interesting while driving on the California I-5 is objectively not.ProGood Sim, the trucks feel real and the various options allow you to make the game more arcade or more simThe world is fun, I don't know if I would say accurate, but it feels genuine in many ways.  California looks like California, Nevada back country feels like Nevada back countryGraphics are improved, not great, but acceptableSteam workshop modsThe red light tickets are really bad....unfortunately it's very realistic just like the number of pot dispensaries in Bakersfield.ConsPerformance is really bad.  Even on a Haswell i5 and GTX 980 the game really struggles to push out 60fps - and the hardware isn't maxed.  This isn't helped much by reducing the settings.  The game just doesn't run well.  My understanding is that aside from being poorly optimized it's running an old DirectX version.Without Stam Cloud, all of you saves are stored locally.  It means you either need to risk all your progress or go through the trouble of backing you saves up through a 3rd party solution.  If you decide to come back to the game in the future you may not be able to locate your savesThere are not enough vehicles in the game as of June 2016.  This will likely change.  However, with ETS2 the developers just put in truck-look-a-likes until the licenses were secured.  Why wasn't this done in ATS?"
76561198287624162,Recommended,270880,33711271,Posted: 21 July,all,joshuastoffel50,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥Fun asf
,Recommended,270880,29941008,Posted: 15 February,all,|Mr-MaDDoGG|©®,Amazeing game  one ov my all time greats in my life time  along with euro truck ....just wishYOU  would give  us the M.A.C  and other trucks to drive  just two brands  nice truck  models tho fantastic  graphics ..... for  US Trucks and the  E.R.F  FOR  EURO TURCKS  :) but you cant have it all  :)) thanks  guys  hours of  funn and old time memorys  with my dad trucking up and down england  scottland irland and last but  no where least gods contry wales  AGAIN THANKS  :)
76561198061893050,Not Recommended,270880,28703064,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ticklesaurus,"If you like Euro Truck Simulator 2, you'll like American Truck Simulator.  The only drawback is the choices for trucks as ATS does NOT even include companies such as Freightliner, International, Mack, or Volvo; you can only drive Peterbuilt and Kenworth.UPDATE: Giving this game a Thumbs down now... Dev progress has really slowed down to a crawl and lack of truck options in a game that claims to be the premium American Truck Simulator.  Need more choices."
,Recommended,270880,22420474,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,*FPCG| LeviathaN,"Same game as ETS2, but on United States. It only has 2 states so far, but it's already big enough.Sooooo much better with Workshop support :)"
,Recommended,270880,25517431,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Xaba1993,Best truking and relaxing game on steam buyit and be best on road !!!
,Recommended,270880,21819688,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Rtj,"Guy cut me off getting onto the highway, crashed into dividers for 43% damage to my truck.10/10 Would break down every 2 miles to the next service station to avoid transport fees again."
,Recommended,270880,21956250,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,peterbiltchevy1980,"I really enjoy the game just wish they would also have the peterbilt 389 in the game.  I wish you could also have different shifters, steering wheels. maybe if there was a way to get oversized loads, with beacons."
,Recommended,270880,28111101,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Virginia Dashcam,"amazing graphics, but resource intensive"
,Recommended,270880,29253922,Posted: 14 January,all,mOIST,What is there to say? It's a game where you drive trucks. It's as good as it gets.
,Recommended,270880,21115365,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,1962_impala_,Very good trucks very good models and good cities i strongly reccomend spending the 20 dollars and buy this game cuz it is worth every penny. The only thing i dont like are the graphics but the game has time to improve so i highly recommend it
,Recommended,270880,31597151,Posted: 6 May,all,Brush Him,I am aroused by large vehicles
,Recommended,270880,33561762,Posted: 15 July,all,Damnlag,Awesome game! Really fun driving big trucks.
,Recommended,270880,23391985,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DavidJD051,"SCS Software has done it again. Most people who follow SCS (I myself since 18 WoS: Haulin' and Bus Driver) don't need to look at reviews to decide to purchase their games, but if you're new to the driving sim genre, this is what you're looking for. The landscapes are incredibly detailed, a good balance of easy cruising routes and challenging back roads. On top of all that, SCS listens to their players; A widely desired feature can be expected to be put in a patch in the coming months. This game has many many years ahead of it, just like Euro Truck Simulator 2. The modding community is also very positive. Stable, well done, and useful mods can be expected."
,Recommended,270880,23402681,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,VenKazi,"Pro: The game is in The south western states (united states)The game boasts a fair bit of new graphics, and texturesThe truck brands peterbuilt, and kennworthThe roads are typically straight, meaning less time slowing down for turning, and more time speeding the f!ck up.Arizona free DLC, i mean in ETS 2 They made you pay for a damned country or two, but this is a nice change.----------Con: This is most certainly a copy/ paste / edit of ETS2  and would have worked as DLC for ETS, but then again you wouldbe in two different parts (geographically) in the world so having it as a seperate game is okay.The damned cops, they are every where, and they love to be right next to you when the speed limit changes from70 to 30, and they fine you.Red light B.S if you accidentaly cross the stopbar/crosswalk you get fined. A: how TF do they know i did that? and B:i should only be fined if i completly go through the red light, and not just past the stop bar/ cross walk.------------Conclusion, if you have the money and dont care what the price is then 20$ is pretty good, and the game is enjoyable (w/ DLC opinion here)if you have only 20$ or so then i would wait for a sale, as the game isnt so amazing that you NEED IT NOW, but in the long run would be nice to have."
76561198185359551,Recommended,270880,25538057,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fried Blueberry,This is a great game that you can pick up at any time or spend hours on driving. I recommend it because of how cool it feels to be driving on American highways in a massive truck.
,Recommended,270880,21641286,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ianfan4 Masked Cutie♥,Great game to play if you want to just relax and enjoy your drive but dont get too relaxed as you may end up crashing.. ive done that to many times.The game is better played with a steering wheel rig as you will feel more immersed and you can contol the truck better. you can play with a controller but it wont feel as good as playing with a steering wheel also i do warn you DONT play with keyboard and mouse as its not that easy but it is doable.The ghraphics are great for the size of the map and the game even has mods in the workshop to really make the game just that much better you can get skin mods for trucks and trailers and all sorts of fun cool stuff i wont bore you with the details just go take a look and enjoy those cool mods.I do reccommend this game to anyone that wants to relax and enjoy there peaceful drive... with... with music :3
,Recommended,270880,27234191,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,The I want 5 more minutes and you lose track of time game!
,Recommended,270880,33769517,Posted: 24 July,all,Markuz Juniuz,"This driving game has got to be the the one you never knew you wanted. It really is aptly named, you'd really feel like a truck driver. It's so weird, I never knew driving trucks would be this fun!I play Assetto Corsa, RaceRoom Racing Experience, Project Cars, Codies F1 & DiRT, etc. Not one of them really felt close to what we normal people usually drive. Of course those games have race cars but for some reason none of them feels real when you drive at ""normal everyday"" speeds. In this game going 55 MPH or 60 or 70 really looks and feels like it. All other racing games and sims looks awfully slow even on 100 MPH.This is also the first driving game I had where the automatic transmissions really feels and behaves like the real one. Maybe it's apples vs oranges but on the usual racing game and sim automatic transmissions just shift for you and most of them goes to reverse when you press the brakes while stopped. I haven't driven, read or heard of a car like that. Here on 'real automatic' mode you still have to put the gearshift to forward or reverse. And it doesn't wait for you to reach the redline before shifting up. It really felt like a real vehicle, but a super heavy one! I haven't tried the sequential and manual modes since I don't really wanna manage like 15+ forward gears.ATS also doesn't look as pretty as, let's say, The Crew, but what it lacks in technical beauty it makes up with its immersive environments. Also it's really got road signs and rules and you have to obey them. Heck, one could use this game to learn  about US driving rules.I wish the developers of this game would make a taxi simulator just like this.Update: I also with the developers would optimize the graphics engine more. I have a GTX 1080 and an overclocked i5 2500K yet the FPS still drops from 60 on the cities. I know my rig isn't the latest and the greatest but it could easily run other games that look a lot more pretty at ultra settings yet never drop below 60 at 1080p. I'm fine dropping some settings down a bit but setting 3 or more settings down to medium is a bit too much. I'm very sensitive to FPS drops on driving games."
,Recommended,270880,31022801,Posted: 8 April,all,BrotherMan Bill,"Awesome game, I recoment play it with a wheel, much better experience."
,Recommended,270880,23873812,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dr3wmast3r67,I don't have as much time as many other people but this is one hell of a game. I wish that you could drive through more than 3 states but I guess that it takes time to get a game like this going! Other than that it is the best trucking game I have played so far! Rate 10/10.
76561198147073543,Recommended,270880,23874299,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,whopperlover17,"Absolutely wonderful game, and currently, they are in the process of rescaling, which makes me unbelievably happy. This game gives you an experience that can't be described, nor can you get the idea of the game from watching YouTube videos. I love this game so much!"
,Recommended,270880,33994517,Posted: 3 August,all,Youcλnusespam,Excellent. Just as good as ETS2. Well done guys at SCS!
,Recommended,270880,24643885,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jasminarose,"This is a great game.  Actually this type of game is not a genre I normally play.  I was quite surprised andI really enjoy it.   Any game that has me checking out 18 wheelers next to me to see what make the cab is, has got me hooked.  I look forward to seeing more cities and what more they can add to this game."
76561198355908524,Recommended,270880,32658850,Posted: 22 June,all,ThatAngryCaterpillar,"Me buying this game was unexpected, me getting the demo was uncomprehendable. This year I got a PC, fifty dolars, and a new debit card to burn. I love this game so much! If you need to unwind, go for a drive down the beautifuly detailed califonia senic ocean highway, or just wanting to drive some trucks, this game is for you. Heck writing this is making me want to play!~I am no good with spelling if you find errors please forgive, thanks!~-ThatAngryCaterpillar-"
,Recommended,270880,32753814,Posted: 24 June,all,SuperTrucker91,"This is about as close as you can get to the real thing. While development may be slow, it's authentic and quality-oriented. I never expected this kind of realism and immersion from a game. Lifetime member!"
76561198362187880,Recommended,270880,32753948,Posted: 24 June,all,the general lee,very nice but is a little challenging
76561198105465309,Recommended,270880,32912973,Posted: 27 June,all,{~GRIMST0NE~},deer  american truck simulator                                                    please fix your bugs because cars in ATS that stands for american truck simulator   by the way cars run over things and go when the red light is on on a stop they even bumb in me when they are not spossed to be they are spossed to go in a streat line please fix your game ATS.     by the way yes i recomend this game.
76561198096880130,Recommended,270880,21263763,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MrCowToCow,Best game Ever
76561198268146696,Recommended,270880,20942940,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,derek_hates_me,"I've been waiting for this game for a VERY, VERY LONG TIME!!! FInally it is out... It's probably one of my most anticipated games of 2016 and now that I have it I've drove around California its time I drove in Las Vegas, Nevada. I can't wait until the DLCs come out. Sooner or later more and more mods and stock trucks from the actual game itself will increase.Getting this game does require a 64-bit computer system. If you have a low performing processor you will need to ""play around"" with your settings. The Arizona DLC will be availible soon and hopefully the rest of North America as well.Hopefully this is somewhat helpful.UPDATE (6/22/16):So far there are two DLCs that came out, the free Arizona DLC and the wheel customization DLC. The Arizona DLC came out fairly recently and honestly speaking SCS actually stepped up their game just a bit but it need a bit more work since there are only 3 states, SCS said they will be covering the entire North American continent. The trucks I want in the game are the Volvo VNL (670-780), Peterbilt 389, Freightliner Cascadia, and the International Lonestar. These trucks are, in my opinion, great trucks. I feel that the Peterbilt 579 is a good truck but it needs more work, so does the Kenworth T680. The Kenworth W900 has great power and handling, it'll take some practice to master the truck itself. My friend and I (whom I'm not naming due to privacy) are currently slowly making a map of New York State, since we are from NYC. Aside from that the game does have a multiplayer version, HOWEVER you must have this game, it has to be on steam, and you must download it seperately on ""truckersmp''. If you would like to convoy there is actually a page where you can join a convoy and take jobs. So far so good, SCS keep up the good work. Happy trucking guys!!!UPDATE (11/28/16):The Peterbilt 389 is finally here!!! Also the 3 states, California, Nevada, and Arizona, along with furture states to be made will be in a differnt scale (1:20)!!!"
,Recommended,270880,22731072,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Piratebop,"Ah, Murica Truck Sim. A wonderful game base off the original Euro Truck Simulators 1 & 2. I cant say anything bad about it other that it could have more states, which are comming in the future, so...10/10"
76561198116269394,Recommended,270880,25659086,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Patrick V,"A game that I put in high regard with a experenced developer in the cab with many years of sucessful games of this genre. All I can say is buy this and you won't be dispointed and they constantly impoving this game all the time with new features, trucks, and maps. I know they are rescaling the map atm but I wish they added more trucks at least."
76561198290897248,Recommended,270880,28614091,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,travduran,good game
76561198143665910,Recommended,270880,28618518,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Popintags101,"Very nice game well made fun to play, I think it was a great investment looks great, plays great, and with mods sounds great, very well made!"
,Recommended,270880,28620759,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[JATA]Knox,Amazing game higly recomended. if you like the single player theres a mod wich allows you to play with thounsends of people go check it out at truckers mp.
,Recommended,270880,28623560,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Elliot Beckett,"If you ever want to loose a large amount of time to a relaxing game, then American Truck simulator is a great option. Easy to get started with and good general fun, you can play as realistic or as relaxed as you want."
76561198340120467,Recommended,270880,28616779,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,burmandonald1972,I have been playing A.T.S. for a couple months now and I really enjoy it. I have spent hours on the game. When I was a kid I always wanted to be a trucker. Unfortunately it never happend. However this alows me to get the feel of driving a truck. Thumbs up to S.C.S.
76561198306529872,Recommended,270880,28629846,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ButterGoods SB,"This game is so perfect that u don't have to have mods to get ur favourite trucks, it's all in the game. Possibly most fun game.. can't wait to play this so much more"
76561198143497135,Recommended,270880,28641234,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ZapKapowBoom,I really feel like trucking in USA and the game looks beautiful. Just needs more States and maybe little bit more green areas/states but I'm confident this game will be growing just like ETS2.
,Recommended,270880,34620679,Posted: 30 August,all,weeaboo-mechanic,it's a very relaxing game honestly
76561198102749057,Recommended,270880,35159241,Posted: 23 September,all,Mr.Reddington,10/10
,Recommended,270880,34749714,Posted: 4 September,all,tnaires,"This is the second truck simulator game I'm playing - the other one was 18 Wheels of Steel: Pedal to the Metal, which I played several years ago. Therefore I've spent a lot of years without playing any of this kind, until I got my hands on this game. And I must say I'm addicted.For me it's such a relaxing experience, mainly due to the beautiful USA landscapes reproduced in the game together with the several awesome radio options. It took me a while to find the right controller settings though. I finally decided to use keyboard + mouse after playing a little with the wheel sensitivity and nonlinearity settings.Great game; but only go for it if you're into the simulator vibe. If not, then this might be boring for you."
,Not Recommended,270880,22278698,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Phant0m,"Pro's:-Great graphics-Good mechanics-Fun to play if you're into these kind of gamesCon's:-Devs care more about ETS 2-Devs take way too long to release new states to the game-By the time all the states would maybe get released no one will care about the game anymore-If it's true that starting with the new DLC they will charge money for every state then this game will have become a complete rip offIn conclusion, I really don't recommend this game unless you feel like playing West Coast Truck Simulator and you dont really care about the other 47 states that still haven't been added after 2 years of the game being out."
,Recommended,270880,28009522,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kenworth 4 Life,American Truck Simulator is good for the price. The graphics are out of this world
,Recommended,270880,22816563,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Marcel1801 [Ger/Eng],"American Truck Simulator (ATS) is a game that has tons and tons of potential! Given that SCS are planning to, at one time, cover the whole continents of South and North America! This game has some pritty good mods too! For example MHA Pro or Coast to Coast Or MexUsCan!Rating out of 10 in current state (v1.2) : 6/10"
76561197988540060,Recommended,270880,24267487,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,[MRA]GrayLobo,"This is a great game bassed on the original game moved over to the us. There isnt anything new realy grafix wise but you get to drive around the us. There goal on there homepage clearly states that this game will be expanded further, as we the gamers alow. some updates will be free others will cost. as long as we buy thay will expand the maps further, also thay are talking with the manuafurers to bring more trucks into the game. Thay are well aware that 3 trucks is a bit of a bad joke. With the negitive out of the way, I can honestly say thay have alot of the senery right. As a person who drives an atual peterbuilt around the US I can say the engine sounds are quite acurate, Though others are not *Lissening to you air breaks* that sead the mod community hear on Steam is on the job.With patchest to make realy life brand names come into the game and mods for the headlights so thay are true and air breaks that dont sound like a woopy cushen this game is made perfect by moders. Over all 8/10 as it is with more avaible if thay move away from Cally as the 55 MPH speed limit is true and god do i hate the state for it."
,Recommended,270880,24686314,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BCrossing,"This is one of those games that looks wierd, but is really fun.I highly recoment you play the demo for atleast an hour, you might really like it!Pros:+Big map (increasing in size all the time, recently ~doubled in scale from 1:35 to 1:20)+Great value+Good DLC+Great modding communityCons:"
,Recommended,270880,33820929,Posted: 26 July,all,SlothHawk,"Worth it!JUST BUY IT!(Or dont, I don't care..)"
76561198303196923,Recommended,270880,34767833,Posted: 5 September,all,Doubledplayer66,"It's a very good game, it has good graphic settings for high or low PCs, a good modding community with a lot of variety, and it gives us a lot of options for DLCs that are already avilable and for future or upcoming DLCs. But I HIGHLY recommend this game if your bored, have nothing cool to play, or just like truck simulators or simulators in general. Because it really puts a good name into the simulation genre."
76561198014863855,Recommended,270880,29254447,Posted: 14 January,all,Geevum,"If you like driving to unwind, this is a great game for you.  Some of the sights might distract you from staying on the road, and sometimes you might find yourself behind a typical slow driven hybrid car.  While this game isn't 100% perfect or accurate with the real world roadscape, there are few iconic junctions or landmarks which are close enough to the real thing.  SCS has also done a great job with the map rescale, even though game updates may feel few and far between.  Regardless, with the current price of $20 and the quality of the updates make this game worth the price.  There are also a ton of mods available in the Steam Workshop.  I just hope that SCS can eventually map out most of the United States, but that could take decades at their current pace.***TLDR:  It's worth the $20 if you love to drive around to unwind."
76561198280882064,Recommended,270880,25063298,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BIG TURD WHALE,my profile that i worked hard on seem to deleted itself today and im not very happy
76561198049491399,Recommended,270880,25064122,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Techyrod,love it
76561198034025059,Recommended,270880,25064428,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,abenson229,"Probably the best thing I can say about ATS is it's one of the most relaxing games I've played in a long time.  You can just work as a driver for hire, with no worries at all other than arriving on time (which isn't difficult) but even if you start your own company, the economy is such that you won't run into too many problems keeping it going.  Or you can just buy a truck for yourself, not hire anyone and cruise the USA (well...CA, NV and AZ) as an independent owner-operator.  Works best with a wheel of course, but perfectly manageable with a gamepad.  There's a ton of options to set so you can make the game as realistic as you wish.  Can't manage or don't want bothered backing a 53' trailer into a tight spot?  Turn it off.  Realistic air brakes to real?  Turn it off, you get the idea.If you enjoy driving games this is worth the $20 easily.  If you don't enjoy driving games this still might be worth the $20, could get you hooked."
,Recommended,270880,21620717,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,[FCDI] Beast,"American Truck simulator is fun experience for people familiar (and unfamiliar) with the west-coast of the USThere is a story as to how I came to buy this game.1. You see, I live in Europe. There was a show called Roadtrippers, in which two teams of semi-celebrities would try to get as far from New York with just $100. I really liked the scenery and the trucker culture displayed there.2. I like the desolate landscapes, signs from some family business and the trailer parks. They have a certain charm to them.3. I wanted an open-world driving sim like Burnout or San Fransisco Driver. However, Burnout is PC only and SFD requires U-Play>Also, I am playing this in a macbook air. And no, I'm not an apple fanboy.I also have a gaming PC, but I use it less often.Anyway, it runs smoothly on my 1.3ghz processor. So that's a plus.The game itself is cool. The scene is set brilliantly. The radio stations, the locations, the realistic driving... It all comes together in a really cool game.Like Prison Architect, this game turned something mundane into a very enjoyable experience. I will be playing more of this, probably 100 hours or so ;)"
76561198082163082,Recommended,270880,24820885,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Adi Lally,its okay but not a lot of places
76561198104229949,Recommended,270880,28813904,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,robdragon2010,GREAT!!Love it! Better than the older 18 wheels series! Way Better!!!!
76561197990853449,Recommended,270880,28817621,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Thogmar,Fantastic new design for SCS's trucking games. Excellent maps and trucks.
,Recommended,270880,28894201,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Matt609pbone,"There is a fair bit of content, but be warned the entire U.S. is not yet in the game. Right now they have California, Nevada, and Arizona. So... 3/48, but having been with SCS for a while, they'll eventually get around to getting the rest in there. They are a fairly small dev team and they are recreating an entire nation. Give this game time, and it will only improve, much like how Euro Truck Simulator 2 has."
,Recommended,270880,29109497,Posted: 7 January,all,D. Johns |330-P|,"It's fun despite the fact that its not fully developed, but you would just think they could bring new states out faster :/"
,Recommended,270880,29149422,Posted: 9 January,all,CaptainNebulous,"I am going to go ahead and give this my recommendation, however this is with a bit of an asteriskPlatform of the game has every bit of potential as ETS2, however it almost feels as if the game has started more ""gimped"" than ETS2 did, in regards to interesting locations to discover and landscape variety. Another issue is that there is very few trucks to choose from. And finally, multiplayer needs a lot more love from the community as it is a relative ghost town, this has made me go back to ETS2 for the moment. Relatively small gripes, since the rest of the gameplay is every bit as enjoyable as ETS2. And once more of the states and a significant amount of trucks are added (hopefully for free, since the amount we have now is unsatisfactory, thus game is not ready for much justified DLC) things should get a lot better.There is one challenge with getting people in America to play.... they need to aggressively advertise this game to people who are in the field of trucking. It's not going to be like ETS2 where even just general gamers were interesting. American crowd is much more of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in regards to getting them to play simulations. You need to take advantage of the niche crowd more. So hopefully ATS adapts to the new territory with their marketing strategies.***THIS GAME HAS MANY MORE POSITIVES THAN NEGATIVES, IT IS JUST A BIT UNDERWELMING RIGHT NOW***Finally I will say that I would still be playing ATS if the multiplayer crowd was larger, since I like having interaction while I truck. If this is not the kind of thing that will turn you off, then you can subtract that from the negatives.You definitely want to add this, if you are a fan of the series, as soon as financially possible.... since there is a strong chance of great things to come, if ETS2 is any indication. I would not want to be caught out when the game is improved without being able to play it when that day comes.I'll probably come back to this review in 6 to 12 months and update it. If a lot of content is added I will talk about that. If no or little content is added I will change to thumbs down. But these devs have never really let me down yet, so.... there's that. :)  Have a great new year."
,Recommended,270880,33467621,Posted: 11 July,all,JOHN_FARMING_NATION,this is my favorite game of all time i recommend to everyone
,Recommended,270880,29700058,Posted: 4 February,all,INF ApexRC,"Its a fun game, but it gets boring after a while, but you'll just need to move to Truckers MP and play online with other people and it'll get fun, i recomend a modded account though because alot of people use them incase people crash into them or if they need to upgrade they're truck to keep up with a convoy, all togeather great game.+1"
76561198273365489,Recommended,270880,29715072,Posted: 5 February,all,Fūristo sūnus ❤,good game
76561198299227811,Recommended,270880,30017855,Posted: 18 February,all,FarmingSniper,So much fun with friends
,Recommended,270880,21114256,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,danwood89,great game and looking forward to more trucks and map expansions
,Recommended,270880,28363922,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Safari Ken,"I already liked this game a lot (slightly more than Euro Truck Simulator 2, though they're largely the same), but was giving it a bit of a break, waiting for more states to arrive. But then on Black Friday, I upgraded to a force-feedback wheel (the Thrustmaster T150, which I recommend highly), and it was a huge boost to this game. On top of that, now they've changed the scale of the game to make things much larger, and it's wonderful.If you're looking for a relaxing driving game, this is probably the best out there right now. I highly recommend not just a FF wheel, but also TrackIR, and Eyefinity if you can. TrackIR is more important in this game than most driving games, because you'll be checking your mirrors quite a bit."
,Recommended,270880,28368886,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,debugger,"Great game, very much time consuming, basically you doing nothing, just sitting in your gaming chair and move your wheel (didn't try play on keyboard or gamepad) with 1 finger. I'm playing this with my 8 years old Logitech Momo wheel and everything working as it should.Game for some odd reason its very fun , I dot know why, but I'm keep playing every day. Its so SIMPLE and amusing. Scenery is great. Love truck sounds and look.And yes, lots of money will go on cops for speeding ! That's way is more fun, speeeeeding !"
,Recommended,270880,21072961,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,phaines05,"I love the game, it's the best simulation game I've ever seen, it's highly detailed trucks and trailers and realistic destinations making American Truck Simulatior the best simulation game ever created.I still haven't recieved the steampunk trucks yet though, while I've seen video's on youtube where other's have gotten there's but I haven't. Do we get them threw an update or do we have to go somewhere and down load it?"
,Recommended,270880,27364627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Zoidberg Medic,Dankest game ever.
,Recommended,270880,28397569,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Celestial Fire Flower,This is an awesome game!  You meet some awesome people on it!
76561198287280039,Recommended,270880,21516229,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,vizziongamer100,good game to play online and offline it has improve so much from ets and best so far
,Recommended,270880,25433845,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,TSRVTC | Cuffinit G,Not bad! I Really like playing this game every now and then. It's a very good calm game. I recommend this %100. Also Euro Truck Simulator is a good game to but if you want a good america trucking game then this game is for you :)
,Recommended,270880,34302993,Posted: 17 August,all,[JNR-SNR] YoshiFanSpence73,Very good game feels like your in America and it's perfect for those In the United States If they want a drive of Home then this is the game for you totally recommend this game
,Recommended,270880,33565855,Posted: 15 July,all,FC-ARC André,Overall i think this game is worth it even if you have ets 2. The difference between the games is alot more then i thought.
76561198315578386,Recommended,270880,34902697,Posted: 12 September,all,powerkid7,good
76561197990567941,Recommended,270880,21108548,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Yuka,"My initial impression with the game so far is very positive. It might be *too* close to ETS2, but I see that in a good way.They kept all the good stuff from ETS2 and improved a bit on top of it and then fed back that to ETS2.I would totally recommend the purchase if you like ETS2, but I would tell you to lower the expectations of a ""new game"" altogether.The game has a lot of potential.The US of A is a great place to truck (as proven from 18WOS-Haulin' and the original 18WOS-PTTM) and you can start thinking on expanding to Canada and Mexico (Haulin' had both IIRC). California and Nevada are good places to start, but it feels like the game needs more and soon. And when the DLCs come forth, I hope they are like ETS2: a decent chunk of map and places for ~$5 USD. For me, Cali and Nevada are $5USD.In terms of mechanics, the game is basically the same as ETS2.I did not notice any differences in how the truck feels using the same settings (disabling helps, basically). I do appreciate the new ""select your parking"" and some are pretty darn hard, but they become repetitive. If they could implement something more ""random"" to each location, would be amazing. Also, I am expecting them to put the Online Job Offerings component in ATS soon as well. I found it really interesting in ETS2 and I have come to like it a lot.The only disappointment I have with the game, is graphics/art wise.I expected an improved map render, but it looks and feels the same as ETS2; they both feel dated as you see the images in front of you, but still keep being surpised with stunning landscapes and detailed locations with what the engine lets them do. Now that they have the game out and put a DLC or two, I hope their new north is improving the Simulation part first and Graphics component second. Bonus points to SCS for making it a native 64bit client as well!8.5/10!Update: 5th of April 2016After playing it for a long long time now (less than ETS2 though), and adding a few mods, the game improved quite a bit. The cops are still ruthless, ticketing left and right. The AI is still a bit dorky at times and there are a few things to still be improved, but I back up my original statement that this is a worthy buy. Just like wine, with time this game will just get better and better.Plus, I have been playing it with my G27 using the range H shifter and clutch. Just amazing."
76561198088731386,Recommended,270880,35483680,Posted: 4 October,all,SuperbBouquetNacho,"So overall this is a fun and enjoyable game so off to a good start....  but this game as amazingly beautiful as it is there are a few issues but they are nothing major. So your there driving along the motorway (Highway), at 75fps+ but then you go into a town/city,  well say bye bye frame rate drops to around 25-30fps now I know it's not my PC as its a very high spec system I am running (GTX 1080). This isn't much of an issue but please please fix this. and the other small issue I want to point out is again very small and I only really pick on it as when the game was being realsed I expected more so much more roads. for most parts I feel I am on the same road and there is a small limit of roads as well I would love to have more roads to choose from in the game as once you have done one run your doing every time but a moment there isn't enough I am sure America has more roads than this, but like I say this is me personally nothing wrong with the game.Now for the good Bits (Sorry about the small rant about FPS and roads)Gameplay 8/10 it feels so nice too but drive around making deliveries what can I sayGraphics 10/10 wow just wow compared to ETS 2 huge improvements with both lighting and the world as a wholeConsoles 6/10 all though for the most part smooth but even when all in string line I take my hands off for a drink and I move to the left (might just be my set up though)Overall amazing game but needs a lot more detail to the environment and road system but everything else is amazing a must get if you enjoy driving games I really enjoy it."
76561198336717304,Recommended,270880,35479330,Posted: 4 October,all,SuitingRex,I Love this game i bought this game along time  ago and I love it i played it ever since!!!
76561198248132948,Recommended,270880,28253623,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,David,"if your like me and always have wanted to be a trucker in real but never went and got your CDL license but enjoy the open road now here's your chance to drive the big Rigs with real brands like Peterbilt ,kenworth and more brand names to come in future DLC'S when scs gets the licenses for the truck brands .so far there are only 3 states but more are to come in future DLC'S and after the Rescale there will be miles of endless roads to drive and plenty of natures wonders to see as you drive you will be able to look out your driver side window and see old glory waving or drive across the Golden gate bridge in california or see the beautiful photorealistic terrain and drive through virtual towns and cities its all here so what are you waiting for heres the keys to your truck so hop in and get rollin trucker because you gotta get that load to your customer on time while taking in the beautiful sights and wonders America has to offer .and if that isn't enough while your driving you can listen to online radio stations from 80's music to country classics ,rock ect its all here ."
,Recommended,270880,25029334,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,big.ooglie,"I would recomend this game to anyone who likes driving or sim games and wants to try to drive a truck. Former drivers and non-drivers alike can enjoy this game. It is pretty relaxing to play with very user friendly controls. This game is easily enhanced by MODs and the SCS development team has taken modding to a new ease of use. Simple menus and the ability to upload content, screenshots and link to your Steam account make this game even more fun!"
,Recommended,270880,26225503,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Husky,Great Game played for over 280 hrs not counting playing the online mod
,Recommended,270880,29529538,Posted: 27 January,all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,Relive the old days when people actually drove trucks!
76561198096688047,Recommended,270880,23228461,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SnipeStud00,"Great game. Has great graphics, scenery, detail on models, and sounds, jus the map scale needed to be a hair bit biggger. Still would recomment this game with that 1 minor issue."
76561198135640106,Recommended,270880,23140901,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[RAVEN-1]Darren[SCOTLAND][UK],"although im Scottish (which is in Europe anyone is wondering) i found it great to be back in the US after such a long time after 18 WOS, yes it has the same graphics engine as Euro Truck Simulator 2 and although ETS2 has more too offer in the upgrade shop, I'd still recommend this game to any one who is a fan of simulation games"
,Recommended,270880,22923017,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Diesel [DMI SIN-DICATE],i like everything about it.
,Recommended,270880,23420696,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,EliasLukeTV,"I absolutely love this game! I bought ETS2 a while back and got into SCS's software and the way they make their games. When I heard that they were coming out with an American version of ETS, I was estatic! I play this game on an xbox 360 controller which works out very well. The steering the very smooth and the functions that I need are all there. Not as emersive as using a wheel, but still way more than just using the keyboard.This was a great idea and they executed it very well. One thing is that the map is not huge at the moment, but I know the team is working very hard to get it expanded. I can't wait to see what all they are going to add!"
,Recommended,270880,22696486,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,White Llamas Matter,This game is so addicting!
76561198216363557,Recommended,270880,22810842,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,brandon.vienneau4,"I'm soooo addicted to this game that I actually have plans in the future to drive 18-wheelers/tractor-trailers... RECOMMENDED TO EVERYONE!!! (not only people with 18-wheeler-interests; EVERYONE!) :DAlso, Euro-Truck Simulator is amazing as well. More ""flat-nose-type"" rigs, but a perfect game to start learning all the same!>=)"
,Recommended,270880,24242263,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,KrimzionWolf,I love ATS i think its still a little buggy but other then that amazing job SCS
76561198167767497,Recommended,270880,28334494,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,leehocken,It is impossible to not like this game.  It is the best that I have ever had.  Thanks Steam
,Recommended,270880,29432960,Posted: 22 January,all,Pretendr,"My wife doesn't understand why I come home and play American Truck Simulator, since I'm always complaining about my real life, over-the-road trucking job. Thing is, this game is great! It has a wonderful balance of simulation and arcade that keeps it fun and engaging for hours at a time."
,Recommended,270880,28350244,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Hadi RZ,nice
,Recommended,270880,33051186,Posted: 30 June,all,no,An absolute masterpiece.
76561198215953672,Recommended,270880,25886820,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,birddog,"this is cool simulator.I like variety of cargo etc.need more heavy equipment,window, I beam anythings fromthe factory to supplier.I see the problem that is not there:1) motorcyle2) people across street intersestion traiffie light3) how about emergency light from polilce, anyvehicle emergency.4) where is fire station, police station, hospital area5) any size of airport for cargo as need6)harbor area for cargo as need7)helicopter as cargo carrier8)drive the truck while the background truck like hatch banging etc.9) never seen police vehicle pull over the other driver.10)where is the animal like dog or cat running lose .11) the tree is not moviing. like wind blow the tree movement ,same as grass or flower.12) live hand on steer while. (make like realistic)13) gas station why not number 1 to 5 selection.14)why not go into warehouse building get supplier and ready todelievery and into the warehouse building.15) if you have any idea and throw and suggest to the devleper.that would be great. thank you.  keep it up working.16) trainyard carge as need. sorry to forgot to add on.thank you."
,Recommended,270880,25868476,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PHL | Hyperion,I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoy a realistic simulation game and multiplayer at the same time hopefully over time map will grow and become as popular as it's counter partner euro truck simulatior 2
,Recommended,270880,30841936,Posted: 30 March,all,[KIF] Col. Bluenose,"I have been a lifelong fan of SCS' 18 Wheels of Steel series and their subsequent ""simulators"" franchise. Overall, I think this game is pretty solid. The graphics are fantastic if you can handle them, and include a great deal of realistic aspects carried over from ETS2 which I appreciate as well as the eventual reference or item from the 18 WoS series.While the game itself runs pretty smoothly with a decent gaming computer and the gameplay aspects are the quality we expect from SCS, the expansion (in other words, the map) and the amount of time the game is taking to expand north and west is well, unexcusable. While the game's graphics are indubitably fantastic, I cannot help but feel short changed by the time its taking to expand the map and the fact expansion DLC costs.I can only help but hearken back to the days of old SCS, when despite their team's only slight exposure and small size milked out flawed, but memorable, and well formatted games from my childhood like Convoy and PTTM etc that came out with a host of (despite not having licenses) realistic trucks and a fantastic fully completed map.Now, with the immense success both monetarily from ETS2 and the huge team they have gotten in the process ATS not only took longer than first imagined to release... but it was released with 2 states... Despite the fact they are both immensely detailed and their are few to no kinks in the gameplay, they have since released ONE new state, Arizona, that was thankfully free that was promised to be out ""soon"" at original release which ended up taking months. Not to mention, they are currently still months into the process of expanding into New Mexico... In my opinion, with a team as great as theirs they need to be less focused on lackluster ""paint job"" DLCs (maybe not the free ones...) and start going all systems go into expansion that should be free in compensation or do something like the ""Going East!"" DLC from ETS2 in which they just release a whole region at one low cost.But other that, I recommend for being good quality SCS gaming and pretty relaxing."
,Recommended,270880,25627936,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,scttski24,this is very addictive i love it .. alot fun...
76561198257531272,Recommended,270880,24793276,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,IPHONE X,"it needs more stuff,now come look at america devs,listen to the people"
,Recommended,270880,33451922,Posted: 11 July,all,ray_gu,"This game is good.The graphic,cars,and sth.are all good.But I can't reverse a heavy cargo. XDMaybe it is my problem. XD"
,Recommended,270880,21542829,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Friendo,"is gud, freedom, america and stuff. do recommend."
,Recommended,270880,23509206,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sascaroth,"A must own game, if you haven't tried it yet. You are missing out, considering the track record of ETS 2, this game should have new content for years to come, can't wait for more states to be available. There plenty of stuff to keep you interested."
,Recommended,270880,33250861,Posted: 4 July,all,sundistorsion,This game will have all the states in 2099.
76561198196606030,Recommended,270880,33493422,Posted: 12 July,all,DJ Rich,This is the best and most realistic simulation game. I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes trucking.
76561198169619005,Recommended,270880,29135958,Posted: 8 January,all,American Eagle,I love this game a lot!!!!!  I can't stop playing it!!!!   I would recommend this game to anyone!!!!!!!
76561198136867101,Recommended,270880,28875947,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[DANS-TRANS]-Serghei-GB,good game
,Recommended,270880,28813018,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wst_4,"Almost 100 hours in & I totally forgot to write a review for this amazing game, so, here it is:After playing Euro Truck Simulator 2, everyone was asking SCS to make this game & they really hit the nail on the head, it's prefection.Very Ejoyable, relaxing & Addictive. It has Amazing Graphics, Superb Sound effects & the views are absolutely  stunning,If you want to wind down at the end of the day & play something that is relaxing & doesnt need to much thought or attention then this is the perfect game for you. If you're new to the series then give the demo a try.If you're coming from Euro Truck Simulator 2, youll love this one too!The game is still a work-in-progress though so expect more cities, states & other content to be coming out in the near furture.TL:DRAbsolutely Fantastic, worth every penny, buy it NOW!"
76561198053715594,Recommended,270880,23115536,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,evesgitone,"I love simulators, this one is superb it runs at steady 60f.p.m the graphics and lighting effects are spot on. so hook up your 55 foot trailer, switch on the internet radio and it feels as if you are there.I use my logitech ""D"" pad to steer (set to very low sensitivity). This will feel like like you are driving a real car etc. Looking forward to driving the length and bredth of America.The game play is so realistic (Watch out on those turns!).LOVE IT!) Have played truck simulater since it first hit the roads."
,Recommended,270880,30004708,Posted: 18 February,all,B0$$ Ubukate,"Watched a few players and finally decided to purchase the game myself. Well worth the coin if your into trucks and you are looking for a ""chill"" game."
76561198349626389,Recommended,270880,32076657,Posted: 30 May,all,thesickgamer1,THIS GAME IS AWESOME WITH MODS
76561198198649798,Recommended,270880,23211231,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,JackAssRepublic,it fun
,Recommended,270880,29997699,Posted: 17 February,all,imkain,Very cool and really nice to see that SCS is keeping with tradition and providing us with another top notch truck simulator game. Very nice indeed. Also the Steam Controller works very well and I am glad that they provide a profile for the Steam Controller. No need to set up your own profile.
76561198198398565,Recommended,270880,30001052,Posted: 17 February,all,Toy Bonnie,I love it! But maybe add more brands like Volvo or other brands and maybe more costomizations like the beacon. But so far i love it!
76561198087937233,Recommended,270880,23427184,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Jack Clasen,Great game! Euro Truck Simulator 2 in America. What more could you want?
76561198309084463,Recommended,270880,31683871,Posted: 11 May,all,schadomaster,Very Good and beautiful Game and the multiplayer is even better.
,Recommended,270880,33701086,Posted: 21 July,all,I'm hot asf,"It's a pretty darn good looking game. For those who want a full truck experience to their house, this is the best game to choose. Similar to ETS2, just improved physics and American map. I'm using a Logitech G29 with a Driving Force Shifter to play both games. I bought this game with the SCS bundle with some ATS and ETS2 DLCs during sale time.Thanks. 10/10"
,Recommended,270880,28280017,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Spinsk,before playing:im a germanafter playing:im a fat american and i like it :)))))))jk
76561198269486523,Recommended,270880,21015638,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Crash,"yes we need mare states! yes we need more trucks..but the modders are awesome and have already given us so much...this game need some tweaks, I agree with many the scale is too small and some bugs need to be worked out...but give it time people..if like me you enjoy driving simulators and are a fan of road trips and good music,,..what can be better than spending an evening in a Pete 389 cruisin araund america listening to the Eagles and haulin freight...I personally love this game and am certain once they get the bugs worked out and the content  updated this game will be awesom!"
76561198281988945,Recommended,270880,31712826,Posted: 12 May,all,The_BanditYT,Great game. Always fun to play.
76561198153253141,Recommended,270880,25664129,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,zaibatzu,"Same as Euro truck, fantastic game but needs more content."
,Recommended,270880,24060815,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,GT86GAMING,This game is op at life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198374466433,Recommended,270880,35423618,Posted: 2 October,all,Trailer Tom,Hell Ya Brother. If y'all wanna play a dad gum fully American game just hit that download button
,Recommended,270880,23643974,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mortu5™,"Really happy with ATS. Seems to deliver and is rather enjoyable. Would be good if they could add some other Truck Manufacturer brands, or even some of years gone by, would be really a bonus. Overall though, great game, fun, many great Mods, recommended!"
,Recommended,270880,33666145,Posted: 19 July,all,bazelnut,"This is by far the best simulator I have ever played! If you are looking for a game to just sit back and chill after a long day, this is the game for you.Eastbound and Down / 10."
76561198066699042,Not Recommended,270880,35432962,Posted: 2 October,all,zeroskater550,"This game is pretty fun but overall shallow with little reason to keep playing. After around 30 hours i feel like i have reached the extent of what this game has to offer (without buying DLC). The 3/48 continental states offered are large in scale but the space shrinks quickly after you have already explored/driven the area. The most lucrative contracts are always the same so you end up running the same route over and over, or taking small contracts elsewhere just for the sake of a change of scenery. The game is kind of relaxing though, a good mellow fallback when you cant decide what else to play. Overall the shallowness of this game leads me to not recommend spending money on it. Instead, play it at a friends."
76561198119178098,Recommended,270880,33140268,Posted: 2 July,all,Lime,i think its much better than ets2..
,Recommended,270880,23062117,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,mikecress,ADDICTING
,Recommended,270880,22490976,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,FireShooter10,"This is an all-around amazing and incredibly fun to play game. I'm someone that started playing on Euro Truck Simulator 2 and I loved that game as well. As updates continue to be released it only gets better. Whether you play with a steering wheel or just a keyboard, its still great fun. The best update is most definitely the steam workshop support. Mods are amazing in this game and workshop support makes it so much easier to obtain them. This game has a great future, and an even greater value. $20 for the entire game, with all free DLC. It doesn't get much better than that. I'd recommend this game to anyone as it is just absolutely amazing."
76561198364592184,Recommended,270880,30365508,Posted: 6 March,all,maxkes88,when is new mexico map coming out
,Recommended,270880,31127953,Posted: 13 April,all,Alice Cooper,Played it like twice.It has nice views.
76561198155729808,Recommended,270880,22001802,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,YaksaCRO77♛™,Good Gameplay fun to hit the road on MP with friends awsome spots for trailers and location of companys cool game :D
76561198137584568,Recommended,270880,24136073,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mr Aziz,i love ATS10/10
76561198126593574,Recommended,270880,33370638,Posted: 8 July,all,Reeeading,Hey dats pretty gud.
,Recommended,270880,22732434,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ZitroneMC,BEST
,Recommended,270880,22633081,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TeKnO™,"A solid game. Decent mechanics when it comes to driving and turning your truck. The only thing lacking in this game is content. More trucks and places to drive to is seriously needed. When DLC begins to flow on this game, it'll attract more and more players. If in doubt about this title, download the demo and have a taste of American Truck Simulator."
,Recommended,270880,22786397,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,NTA_Senior_Drive,This Game is amazing! Great sound great graphics great everything totaly recomend this game!
,Recommended,270880,33775938,Posted: 24 July,all,E ϟ T L A N D,"My nama Jeff, deez nuts!"
76561197986523978,Recommended,270880,21065027,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Papasmurf7676,For driving in America it's too unrealistic..-Everyone uses turn signals-Drivers let you merge-Have yet to get cut off-Drivers don't blow stop signs or red lights
76561198167411442,Recommended,270880,21782208,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,"Evelyn ""Art Deco"" Barber","I like trucking, I like trucking, I like trucking and I like to truck. I like trucking, I like trucking, If you don't like trucking, tough luck."
76561198059447985,Recommended,270880,21157183,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SUGS,Great game
76561198096000448,Recommended,270880,21627167,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Wolf,>Drive down road delivering diesel>Watch as a red sedan tries to pass me as a cop is coming down the other lane ahead>See both cars slam into eachother and the police cruiser almost flips onto its back>Red car floors it and slams into my trailer>Cops dont bother with normal traffic>Is fined when cop drives into me10/10Would be targeted by California police again
,Recommended,270880,21203661,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Lt_Woods,really good game love it totally recommend it
,Recommended,270880,20940456,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,GhostRider_01,"Best Truck Simulator ever made, don't think, don't wait, just buy it !!!!!!"
,Recommended,270880,30022787,Posted: 18 February,all,Twaifu!,The better version of GTA V without the microtransactions!This game brings back the good old nostalgia feel of Hard Truck 2.
,Recommended,270880,31693284,Posted: 11 May,all,Diamond Sadie,God bless the USA.
76561198290378138,Recommended,270880,23050134,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Campbell.kevaughn,"really awesome game to play, i love the realistic simulation of the trafic."
76561198082270207,Recommended,270880,33941204,Posted: 31 July,all,robelvturner,need more states
,Recommended,270880,26622930,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,B-7,"The ATS already’ve been around for some time. It was good, really good, but with some issues. Too little world, only two trucks to drive... We knew it’ll change eventually, the SCS never stopped to work.And, with the version 1.5 release, they finally got somewhere. Somewhere called “rolling start line”. The map is completely rebuilt, rescaled 1:19, which actually feels different.If you didn’t bought it at the time of release and waited for a change, well now it actually happened. Thanks to our help, by the way. We deserved it. And SCS deserve our money. They made their virtual America great again."
76561198133112899,Recommended,270880,23174774,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Dibub,Good game
,Recommended,270880,20923703,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Zimtok5,"Liked ETS2 in VR?  You'll like this one too.  Works with the Oculus Rift DK2 easily (Steam beta branch, Runtime 0.8).http://www.twitch.tv/zimtok5/v/39955433"
,Recommended,270880,22797184,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fear The Riff,Great game ! The details they have done in this game is really amazing. If you loved ETS 2 you will love ATS 2 even more. The only problem is there are only 2 states and only 2 truck manufacturers so not much of content right now. But i believe in SCS and they will bring us more content.
,Recommended,270880,21114101,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kentuckycoalroller,"I just want to say thank you so much SCS for this amazing game. I think it is worth every dime to buy this game. I do have one complaint my grafics card is great, but in the city i get low fps.Ive turned the grafics down on low and it did nothing. Other than that its a AWESOME game. Keep up the good work SCS, and happy TRUCKING."
,Recommended,270880,21104661,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hrolfr,"One of the best simulators out there, hours of fun. With the Rescale project and a few more states and Euro Truck Simulator 2 will be no more.+ Driving feels updated toward ETS2.+ American huge trucks!+ The rescaled game feels more compareable to ETS2, even though some more states could do. But as we all know it take time.- The Anti Aliasing is in need of a huge update. Blurry textures and flashing lines are a way too common problem.- Too much desert, would love to see some non desert states added soon.Wishlist:Customisable Cabin, we still miss accessories as an example.- More to be added"
,Recommended,270880,22876350,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,GreyKnight,"Can't help singing ""Truck drivin' in the U S A!"" to myself as I play. All I need is an open window to stick my left elbow out of.Very good sim."
,Recommended,270880,22121848,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Noah Haynes,"Since I got the game yesterday, I've gotten already 7 hours on it. The game is well made and is very addicting. Lets not mention the quickness of the multiplayer mod that came out that really brings this game to life. If you are looking for a good simulator game or if you want to drive trucks, I'd definitely recommend this game."
76561198141140187,Recommended,270880,30069805,Posted: 20 February,all,rjcavender2001,great game once you add the coast to coast map mod and the mexusa map mod
,Recommended,270880,22945056,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lushious,What a great game! Worth all of the money I spent. Graphics are beautiful and the open road is perfect.
,Recommended,270880,22530406,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Trains of Australia,Easy to drive and fun the map might not be that big but it is still a lot of fun 10/10.
30123092438291731,Recommended,270880,34401052,Posted: 21 August,all,тнυndercode,Quality train simulator.
,Recommended,270880,34324186,Posted: 18 August,all,Nachomonster64,Get you're ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥together we have been with the same map for a year besides the rescale if you're reading this and want to buy the game i would just wait and tell ur children and or grandchildren be cause at this rate it will be atleast 55years till its done at this rate unless there coming out with 3 states thats the only thing that would save them would i reqest the game depend if u would love to drive the same rout almost every load cause thats the main thing really at this point so if u want to wast ur money go ahead but ur ganna half to pay for the maps and♥♥♥♥♥♥so i would just wait cause its not worth it at all even tho they should be free but knowing them there not.
,Recommended,270880,23430533,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Polar,Great game gets better when you go onlinehttp://truckersmp.com/en_US
76561198166526364,Recommended,270880,22368294,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,zipit76,I think I'm addicted
76561198102269115,Recommended,270880,21809185,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MOGUL,"I have held of saying something but it IS necessary! You will see only two hours here but I have 126hrs on ETS2! The games are the same in mechanics! Should I buy ATS? Of course you should, its a must have! BUT, at this stage its a HUGE dissapointment. If the devs had all the ground work in game production already done for them, why have we waited so long for a game so thin in content. The trucks are beefy and American which is awesome and the landscape is real, but really, you want me to drive in such a short hop all the way to Redding??? NO NO NO, people - ATS makes Cally look the size of Luxemborg!!! All said and done, I love the titles and I love the concept and ethos start of ATS but if you are going to make ATS work as well as ETS2 you better get some real content fast and you better get some mileage scaling sorted out. Lastly and Im not just harping at you guys but devs are supposed to be wizz kids and for all the simplicity behind the actual coding of a project like this, it is REALLY DISSAPOINTING that the two games dont talk to each other! It isnt rocket science to do that! To sum up, I undertsand that thousands of hours and more go into the graphics of designing maps, but hey, you have a following here so lets get busy, we dont mind paying for good dlc's for more content but we cannot have ATS representing USA as smaller than Europe????Please take this as a positive gripe, we love the series, we want more?Again, should you buy it, how could you live without it? But if you have clocked the miles on ETS2 - AT THIS STAGE, you WILL be left a little dissapointed with ATS!"
76561197982765231,Not Recommended,270880,29009583,Posted: 4 January,all,Honey Glaze Spiral Ham,"I bought the game to support it. And honestly, There seems to be a priority on polish then content.I wish there was more things to do. I felt like ETS2 had more immersion, Even though IT HAS had alot more time in development to have come so far. I know ATS is a big undertaking but Theres' only a couple brands of trucks, If i dumped alot of time into ATS now, I'll be burntout and dissapointed by the time they do add more content. Quit with the doodads and trinkets, Lets get some trucks in here. Lets have some creativity such as buying add-ons to trucks like a gas can, spare tires for blowouts. truck inspection anyone?I'm not impatient by no means, But i expected alittle more, ETS2 can benefit from some creativity too.If you want to support the developers, then i suggest buy it. They are great devs, and care about their playerbase and it shows. But please don't buy it to encourage a lack of creativity."
,Not Recommended,270880,26524972,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kent Farmskins.com,"The game itself is near a carbon copy of euro truck sim, which to be honest isnt that bad, the main issue for me was that there is no cloud saving, not sure how a major company have an affiliate with steam and not have cload saving, i had to reset my pc and lost all of my profiles on ATS and ETS, was very disapointed as put countless hours into ETS and a fair few into ATS, just to be told by support that they could not do anything or help me as they have no cloud support, dont buy this game if your computer even sneezes, but there are some good points to the game, and if you enjoy grinding hours worth to get some good looking trucks, good luck to you sir"
,Recommended,270880,21233960,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"This game is 100% 'MERICA!I would reccomend buying, even at full pricePros:-'MERICA-Multiplayer mod-More optimized than ETS2-60 FPS almmost everywhere-Sexy Game-Trucks have the smallest details added. Make them look better than ETS2-Police cars can issue speeding tickets :o-Sexy GraphicsCons:-Only 2 states-Only 2 types of trucks, Peterbilt and Kenworth-AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Cities don't look like they do IRL"
76561198077353228,Recommended,270880,21849800,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Karui,"What made me buy this game in the first place is that I was playing GTA 5 and really enjoyed playing taxi, but really wanted a game that was more realistic in terms of actually driving around. Having never played a simulator ever before (as I usually stick with games that are not so realistic) I decided to try this one, because I'm always up for new things. First thing I am going to say is that if you're a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ who only wants the best graphics, this is not the game for you. Also the traffic AI and citations are not the best either. However, if you can look past those flaws, the game is really great. Having experienced a little bit of the real thing, I can say it is fairly accurate to what being a truck driver is actually like. It's especially impressive considering that this is an indie game. My only real big complaint is the size. I would have actually liked all of America to be in it, instead of just Nevada and California. Also changing seasons and in game events based on in game dates would be a great way to expand the game. As it is, it's still worth the time and money and I think this was a great introductory into the simulation genre for me and for anyone else looking to get into simulation games."
76561197991163758,Recommended,270880,22019608,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,XoAt,"Awesome simulator, relaxing before you go to bed. Drive across the states with different types of cargo wether it be a long trip or a short trip it doesn't really matter, It's so god damn relaxing!I'm getting older so fast paced fps and other games is time consuming and you need alot of focus which i dont have after a long day taking care of my child and what not so thats where ""ATS"" comes to play!Before you take care of your own company you gotta do frilance jobs, as you do that you'll save up money for your first truck, Then you take care of your own company; hire drivers & assign routes for them (dont forget to buy trucks for them)Upgrade your trucks; engines, tires, mirrors and a whole lot more can be upgraded.Oh, and drive safe! Don't forget to follow the traffic rules or you'll be fined!Last but not least, dont forget to rest or you'll be dozing on the road and keep your truck with sufficient gas!"
76561198257697449,Recommended,270880,22528346,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,imsonutz,"Love It! Only if they could add more trucks like the Freightliner,Mack,International,Western Star,Sterling,Volvo,ETC, and yes i do get that you have to get those company to agree i don't really see the point and saying no to SCS it is free advertising for the company. But oh well have to deal with what we have:)"
,Not Recommended,270880,34954784,Posted: 14 September,all,mighty hawk | TradeSkinsFast.com,"This is notAmerican Truck Simulator. This isCalifornia, Nevada and Arizona Truck Simulator. And at this rate, we'll never getAmerican Truck Simulatorwith at least 10 states. It's not gonna happen.And I won't be playing anything else thanCalifornia, Nevada and Arizona Truck Simulatorsince they're gonna charge money for the other 47 states.Yes, they're making us pay for New Mexico.New Mexico. That's not okay.And the last time I checked, there were 2 different truck manufacturers in the game. This game has been out for more than a year and a half. Come on.This is not the game I paid 20€ for."
,Recommended,270880,21049039,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Hamad,the best game ^_^
,Recommended,270880,21005649,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,IST | Big Trucker | Driver,it was great
76561198068803545,Not Recommended,270880,31053090,Posted: 9 April,all,Poizen,I was a huge fan of the 18 Wheels of Steel game. I always would check when they were going to make an American Truck Simulator. Once I saw that it was available for pre-order. I hopped right onto it.It's been a year and while it was fun at first. It's gotten very boring. They only released one state (for free thankfully) within that year. We have heard almost no updates.I guess they want to follow the money and keep developing for ETS...
76561198035129237,Recommended,270880,21049068,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,John,"Differences between driving in ATS and real life:Real Life....-You can go to jail for hitting people-You can get your license suspended-Lawyers cost a fortune-CDL's are expensive-Vehicle insurances and taxes are expensiveATS...-Free CDL's-You can be a dumbass driver and never go to jail-Tickets don't cost anything (points against license or real money at least)-You don't ruin your real wallet on fuel, insurance, taxes, etcOverall 9/10 (at least until the east coast of 'Murica gets in the game)"
,Not Recommended,270880,20931235,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Cyberghost,"Frankly I do not understand why it costs ₹1249 It's just an add on  to the ETS2. Comparing side by side nothing improved. Sounds the same from ETS2. I expect a new game, and not just another add on. You're getting only 3 states and 2 Trucks for  ₹1249 :(Buy the game only  if SCS honors regional price in India. This game not worth ₹1249. I can't refund becoz I played more than 2 hours. So I'm warning everyone don't fall for this trap░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄ ATS ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,270880,20931053,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Geo ®,It`s a step up from ETS2.
,Not Recommended,270880,22357617,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,NuckFChorris,"Hardly any content in the game right now. Only two states to explore and only two truck models. It's fun to play for a few hours, but until SCS adds more content, I'll be going back to ETS 2."
,Recommended,270880,20957965,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,thöjtt.kriime.org/lol,"Cons - Alarming lack of baseball and apple piePros - Nowhere in this game will you driving on the left side of the road (well you can but enjoy tickets). It really is right in the name, the RIGHT side of the road. ;D"
76561197993209675,Not Recommended,270880,22072351,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Hellmet,"First off let me start by saying that I love the concept and I really liked Euro Trucker 2.. I've been waiting a long time for the American version because.. well I live in America.  The game its self is basically the same thing as Euro Trucker 2 which is perfectly fine (read reviews about the Euro version for in-depth info) but there are 2 things that cause me to down vote the American version of the game:1.  Why start on the west coast for the first release?  That's about as far as you can get from what real trucking is like in the US.  California is a bunch of tree hugging hippies, massive conjestion, liberal regulations that making trucking there a joke.  You can't even drive classic trucks in that state because of their insane laws so why choose that to start off in?  I would have much rather have seen the midwest, south, even the east coast for the first version.  I've driven all over the US and California is about the last state I would have stated with.2.  The 1st one was more of me ♥♥♥♥♥ing, this one though is really why I downvote the game.  The developer made the decision to change the scale of the game in the American version which blows my mind.  I can't understand why they would do this as logically it makes no sense.  In the Euro version when you drive from country to country it feels like you are long hauling.. I'm not saying that I spend hours in front of the computer for 1 route but you do get the experience that you really are trucking.  In the American version when you drive from LA to San Deigo you can barley get the truck up to speed before you arrive at your destination.. to be honest it's really bizzare.It seems to me that the developers think that the 'fun' in this game is backing up the truck to unload and going from stop light to stop light when you arrive at a town.. and that's not the case at all.  The real fun in this game is being on the open road, having your radio tuned to some red neck station and chilling out drinking a beer trucking down the high way... that's what it's all about.  The Euro version had this, the American version doesn't come close.The scale change for America was a big let down, yes I know that if they kept the same scale that they had in the Euro version that it may have taken a few hours to drive from the west coast to the coast.. but honestly that's not a bad thing.    People who are crazy enough to do that, more power to them... that's long hauling in America and trust me there is plenty to see that would have justified the content being created (DLC, more money for them).  As it stands now I think the developer missed a huge oppurtunity to take advantage of the US market but not understanding it's love for driving and the potential revenue that could have been captialized on."
76561198371500586,Recommended,270880,30597373,Posted: 18 March,all,Tass23,"Worth the money spent, compared to some other Sim games lately. Having driven through California a lot, I've been impressed with how realistic the scenery is! I'm not a huge fan of the costs for custom paint jobs."
,Recommended,270880,21065909,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Relatively decent medic,"So here's a review. I've played a bit of it since it came out, and I'm liking what I see. The cities all have a unique feel to them, and I actually smiled a bit when i recognized places shown in game. From a gameplay standpoint, it's pretty great, like a somehow improved version of ETS2. You don't have to go through tollbooths (which I hated), and instead the weigh stations, which seemingly replace them, are a lot less common.Overall, it's a great game, and I can't wait for the Arizona dlc, and everything after it."
76561198183208509,Recommended,270880,24736889,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Botycutz153,It's a very very good game!
76561198039708307,Recommended,270880,24497695,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,xAURISx,HI I like game and will wait for more updates
76561198288910534,Recommended,270880,23844760,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,chevymom3,It is an awesome game!!!!!!!!:) I recommend it. IT IS VERY F-U-N
76561197998431085,Recommended,270880,23846671,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Progeria Pete,I used to be a truck driver and I hated it.  Why am I enjoying this game?
,Recommended,270880,23866575,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,itsBlakeanator,"Such a fun and addicting game. I find this game more comfortable if you use a Xbox 360 controller, or a G27 racing wheel. To be honest playing by yourself can be boring and sometimes I'll join the Trucksmp US server and play with other people. The trucks in this game are realistic I find. They should also add more states (which I think they are already doing). Overall, I highly recommend this game, I'm sure any trucker fan, or simulation game fan would absolutely enjoy this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,270880,25881974,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Selraith,This game is really good. Get it!
,Recommended,270880,20921065,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TrooperWilliam,Really enjoyed release day of the game very detailed on truck and ai traffic trailers on the frieght train need working on but all in all a great day for this game to come out alredy 5 hours played and alredy up $46k with no owned truck or loan really easy to pick jobs and very fun to drive in America compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2 so I really recomend buying if you loved Euro Truck Simulator 2 10/10 better than rig 'n' roll but more fun than 18 wheels of steel.
76561198140977806,Recommended,270880,28334366,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Lil Pump,"After really getting into this game, I bought a g27 racing wheel along with a CB radio and overalls. Whilst playing, I met another trucker on my CB radio under the nickname ""Meatloaf"". We soon became friends, then we took our relationship to the next level. We moved in together and I think he's going to pop the question tonight. I want to have 2 kids, a boy and girl, and move to the county. This game has changed my life forever, and I hope it will to you too."
,Recommended,270880,23912777,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Allah Snackbar,"wow just amazing not only do i want to kill my self when little kids call me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i blow a stop sign but i also want to drink bleach when old perverted county dudes 50 years older then me tell me learn to drive , please i have a learners permit . I have waited so long for the arizona dlc and now i get to drive in a hell hole based off of veitnaim . 10/10 would drink bleach again"
,Recommended,270880,25538878,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Luka K. (LK),"American Truck Simulator, so cool! Now we got Euro Truck Simulator and American Truck Simulator.Pros: The beautiful scenery of America like the Grand Canyon city to the beautiful vibe of San Fransisco to the gambling Los Vegas is really cool as well as the roads and highways, in fact it has got to a stage where I am going ""WOW! THAT'S SO COOL!"". That's only 3 states I am talking about.Cons: If you have to pay more than two dollars for one state as a DLC I am going to be really annoyed."
76561198050293600,Recommended,270880,23301175,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Fasty911-aka- Zak,ITZ AWSOME!!!!
76561197999009049,Recommended,270880,23572516,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Cobalt Raven,are you guys going to put in the peterbilt 389 in offically.It's my faverite truck enen though the modded ones are gorgeous i'm sort of an perfectionist when it comes to models of a truck but again the modded one are nice
76561198004489179,Recommended,270880,22818256,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,constantineX,"exactly what you would imagine, but more enjoyable than you would have imagined. i complain about my drive to wrok almost everyday (1.5 hour/76mile) but for some stupid reason i play this game... but i like it."
,Recommended,270880,22902861,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Frank,"Truck Simulator is the best simulation i have ever played, it even works for mac! This game is beatiful, the designers did a great job, and evrything about it is perfect, five out of five. Pat yourself on your backs, creators of this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,270880,23857411,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TSR | Sundance,"I love this game, even with all it's flaws.  I fear that the slow pace of updates, adding states and trucks, will cause the audience to dwindle and lose interest and that is saddening.  In single player mode I suppoe this is a good game to play for a bit, then put aside and play something else while you wait for more content.  The multiplayer version (not actually officially SCS Software) gets dreadfully boring very quickly.  Arizona made alot of difference, but still the same trucks.  Hope they pick up the pace."
76561198353081591,Recommended,270880,31127303,Posted: 13 April,all,elijah.moore945,nmhgmndfhgm
76561198086587175,Recommended,270880,33261206,Posted: 4 July,all,Lucky Dog,"Wonderful game.I can tell you about the difference between it and ETS2. Each game has it's own charm.-ATS is newer. Better graphics.-ETS2 has more trucks. Way more and slightly more upgrades. ATS only has like 4. 2 brands and 2 types of truck for each.-ETS2 has a much bigger world. ATS is still young so getting max Distance perk cannot even be applied as you only go between 3 states. ETS2 is full Europe now. Including GB where you should remember to drive on the left side of the road. ;)-ATS is smaller because it actually has all the world realistically planned. Roads barely ever repeat. In ETS2 you can think ""hey, I've been here before. Or not?"" or ""one more clover highway spread... sigh..."" while in ATS it's always something new wherever you go. And you feel the warmth when you come back to familiar places.-ATS has long straight highways, relaxing and enjoyable. Not too boring, not too extreme. ETS2 has very sharp and plentiful turns. Whatever you prefer. Personally I love ATS. You still get enough turning off the highway, in the city or on narrow roads.-ATS has amazing scenery here and there. Makes you wanna go everywhere. ETS2 is repetitive. The price for being that huge.-ATS has view zoom!!! =D To look out for police. =P-ATS has very strict speed limits. I think it can be turned off but... Do I really want to do that? I left it on. Speed limits are actually pretty sane. You may crash if you break it. ATS fines for speed violation are much higher. And you're watched by police mostly, less often by cameras. So you a) have to look around to see if there's police nearby, b) you have to watch your speed and current limit, c) you can decide if you want to keep your money or pay a lot for a questionable right to break the laws. Wanna be a rebel? Go ahead. =D Overall it adds to the gameplay very well. Surprisingly well. I hated speed limits in ETS2, they were stupid and cheaply fined and meh.-ATS offers more options for parking. More exp for difficult position, less for fast simple one, none for just ditching the trailer at arrival. Small bit but also adds to the game score.-ATS has slightly better traffic AI. In general it's just refined and polished more.So ATS has a great potential and can one day beat ETS2 in all aspects. For now I can enjoy both, depending on my mood. But, I must admit, I love ATS more. It's an upgrade, after all. ^__^10/10 if you love truck simulators. Yes, it's time consuming and may be boring. But it's not the game's fault, for sure."
,Recommended,270880,25828757,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,[LKW Tr.] Scar985,Great Game really enjoyed it :D
76561198124491148,Recommended,270880,25653185,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Mr.Goodbytes (topgearuk98),"""Change gear -change gear- change gear, check your mirrors, murder a pr0stitute, change gear-change gear-change gear, murder, mirrors... that's a lot of effort in a day"" - Jeremy Clarkson"
76561198156940595,Recommended,270880,23356419,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,matthew18cool,HOW DO YOU GET THE ARIZONA UPDATE FOR ATS??????????? PLEASE TELL ME!!!!
,Recommended,270880,20933356,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,rip,"Awesome game! I have been waiting for this game to come out for a while now. It kinda sucks that there isn't more states to drive in but in my opinion the number of cities make up for that, however when they release Arizona that will be free to the consumers which is good. In my opinion it is worth the $28.99."
,Recommended,270880,21679860,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,"Bradley ""Slugy"" Kohler","Didn't find a single McDonalds, in the entire 2 state map.10/10, would drive through a healthy America again."
,Recommended,270880,24985687,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Speedfreak,"Chain smokin', baby chokin'Truck driving son of a bi*ch"
,Recommended,270880,28297594,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Lagtorro322,NOice
,Recommended,270880,25811776,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dr. Balbarian,"Played game for 30 seconds, got bored, used cheat engine and made self millionaire. Carelessly drove around and smashed cars and ran stop lights. Got truck stuck inside a tree somehow.11/10 So realistic I died."
,Recommended,270880,22597835,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mason,I practice texting and driving on this.
76561198094033497,Recommended,270880,28340554,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Nodroj,Listen to music. Get drunk. And drive big♥♥♥♥♥trucks.
,Recommended,270880,25484974,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Generallee2013,Great game!
,Recommended,270880,29816999,Posted: 9 February,all,Mystic Umbreon (gDisasters),So everything is perfect about this game. Also the day and night feature is great.But they need to add tornadoes and hail.  Overall this game is great. The interstate/highway/road system is very well done in ATS. Tes I do reccomend this to a friend if not the whole community.
,Recommended,270880,23263992,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,The Provo,>be me>accidently go 1 mph over the speed limit going down hill>cop car spawns in on other side of the road and pulls me over>gets $500 ticket10/10 a-hole cop simulator
,Recommended,270880,30376174,Posted: 7 March,all,Chris_Kabala,Best when it comes to simulator graphics but it looks more warmer when it comes to colors
,Recommended,270880,23022794,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Rocko,ADD NEW MAPS!
76561197987202309,Recommended,270880,23019728,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Unicron9,"I really liked Euro Truck Simulator but being American I wished there was an American version where I could drive the types of trucks I am used to seeing every day and on the right side of the road. Well, that's just what this is, and the graphics are a little better too.Usually I don't care for simulation games at all but this one is easy to get into, has great controls that you can set up multiple ways (I use an Xbox controller with button inputs custom set up), you can easily load up your own music for your road hauls, and there are lots of neat mods to tweak the experience even more to your liking.Its an oddly relaxing and enjoyable game with goals that keep me coming back. It takes up surprizingly little space on my HDD, and the price is quite fair for what you get unlike so many games that are early access with barely anything to even do for more money. Plus they are working on Arazona, which will be a free update.Good stuff! Over n out."
76561198165439089,Recommended,270880,23027447,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,J&D TranSport,verry good game
,Recommended,270880,29949738,Posted: 15 February,all,pinkstriptie,"running on a macbook pro, had to tweak the display to find a smooth but realistic img.  lags a bit in the cities and over 75mph.the games kids can play now days are insane. its nice that someone is working on something a little more mature. would love to see the take on a MMO world. maybe a game preview"
76561198238782170,Recommended,270880,26040987,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,HoLy_MF,cruising and listening to 90's country music :)
76561198092493086,Recommended,270880,23388834,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,NexIngredior,"Best truck game, I just can't wait for new area of the North America ! PogChamp"
,Recommended,270880,23361933,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,litty,going off road to avoid trafficcrash into invisible border10/10 if you like euro truck simulator
76561198044237572,Recommended,270880,23153873,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shimasu Aichi,"All i can say is, I love it!"
76561198289316885,Recommended,270880,22959765,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,pratterson85,i am having problems putting my two words in on a few posts so im going to put it here arizona was told to be in our hands by the 2nd quarter theres a lil bit left once you look at the school terms as game terms it falls under the same bracket im also wanting to see what a great DUST BOWL  that arizona is and yes we need a canada add on i dont care if we gotta pay for it im a proud albertin and canadian id love to set up shop in my home town y do i wanna drive as a yank lol but yes ik you guys are working as hard as you can to map out the road in this heat but wouldnt it be easier tracing it from goggle maps and as for the canadian part i hope you guys put it in theres alot of ppl asking for a canadian edition to the road
76561198268396420,Recommended,270880,20935199,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AlphaWulf,ive never played many sim type games i bought it because a friend wouldnt shut up about it and i really enjoy it!I can just relax and play or i can get in to it and grow my trucking empire which is pretty neat i cant wait for more states to come out.Im going out and buying me a CB and a trucker hat right now!!Would i recommend this game to friends?     Thats a 10-4 good buddy
76561197985348264,Recommended,270880,23299348,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Agent,"Got a ticket for not having lights not on while starting a ""mission."" I hadnt even pulled up 2 feet. $500 fine.10/10"
76561198026011241,Recommended,270880,31266874,Posted: 20 April,all,karlyoder,"Great simulator, especially with a wheel and shifter.Graphics are pretty good, especially as you're driving along."
,Recommended,270880,26511099,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,furry vore enthusiast,It's like Skyrim with trucks.
76561198253970741,Recommended,270880,31710806,Posted: 12 May,all,atif6845,very good game i want to become truck driver now :)
76561198056184566,Recommended,270880,21246253,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Jon144,Nothing Is More American Than TRUCKING!
,Recommended,270880,20925139,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DerTebbers,"When viewed as a stand alone game the US$19.99 for a game containing two US states (California and Nevada) and two trucks might seem steep, but there are a few factors to consider. First, SCS has already committed to Arizona and future trucks as free DLC, which is a great long term value. Second, when viewed as a function of the land area open to explore, CA and NV have about 273,000 sq mi of land area, which is about the same as Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Switzerland, and the UK (and we didn't get all of the UK in ETS2). So while 2 states sounds small, it isn't nearly as small as is seems. Finally, because American Truck Simulator uses the same engine as ETS2 we are getting a game that has many of the bugs already ironed out.Overall, ATS is a great value. Especially when viewed as an expansion of the ETS2 world."
,Recommended,270880,27768061,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,McProbe,This game is infininte hours of insane fun you have to play to enjoy. Seeing it in a youtube video doesnt do it justice. It is a game you will never want to leave and you will awalys beg for 5 more minutes and so the award this game should win.
,Recommended,270880,23540315,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Déjà vû♣,Very good
76561198130465895,Recommended,270880,23212387,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,JonnyBeans105,Game AMAZING I have played since 18 wheels of steal american long hall. I may not be big into trucks (Trains is my thing) I recomend to anyone that likes a challange and A fun time passer
,Recommended,270880,23129368,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,gourdfiend,"It's a clear morning in California. I'm driving my truck down a lonely road, through the empty desert. In the rear view mirror, I see a car approaching. I keep driving, expecting them to pass me, but they don't. I check back in my mirror, and- it's a police car. Okay, this is no situation to panic. I kept driving, slowly and steadily. But I felt myself growing tired. The road stretched on, seemingly endlessly. I finally could take no more and dozed off for anly a few seconds. When I woke up, I was going slightly above the speed limit, and I slammed my brakes. But it was too late. The police car had already called reinforcements. A line of six or seven cop cars was following me down the highway, sirens blaring. I suddenly get a storm of notifications from my GPS- my bank account is being drained, ticket by ticket. Then the shooting started, and they drove the truck off the road. That was the last thing I remembered, until I woke up. The starving, broke, pitiful CEO of a failed trucking company.10/10, quite realistic."
,Recommended,270880,25223485,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Piedude128,Take all the relaxing road trips that you want without having to pay irl money for gas.
,Recommended,270880,22864699,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,skillmaster cs:soucre,played as an afro-american but didn´t get shot by the police 3/13 for lack of realism
76561198079083606,Recommended,270880,22869608,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,THED,"Coming from ETS2 series what a great game,ATS all the way."
,Recommended,270880,22869558,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,546534534,Amazing fun and great for relaxing driving trips
,Recommended,270880,20943989,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Rocco,real hot bc trucking but like its not that hot bc no new york but maybe someday. totaly buy it
,Recommended,270880,23304982,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,trake,this game is a major improvement from the ets series but theres too much speed camera
,Recommended,270880,26145974,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[.Cyan.],Best truck simulator game ever existed!! LOVE IT!!
76561198151745997,Recommended,270880,24143611,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,gta life VIC DA VINCI,i love the game it fun u am lvl 90 someing but in 6 days yall have a good day
76561198360665172,Recommended,270880,33759292,Posted: 23 July,all,bsean666,Fantastic game what is a true simulator and makes you feel like a real trucker. I recomened downloading the demo and trying it out. :-)
,Recommended,270880,34034179,Posted: 5 August,all,prog(r)amer,"JUST LIKE DARK SOULS, BUT WITH TRUCKS."
76561198281156934,Not Recommended,270880,21437826,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,cyfywilliams,do no buy this game total waste of timr amd money if you wanna blow 20 bucks feed the homeless only 2 trucks 2 states for gods honor we have 48states n severval truck complines arizonia dowload has taken six monts at scs rates it will be ten years beffore the had usa is here
76561198057513340,Not Recommended,270880,20917752,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Jacob,"This is my PERSONAL OPINION, just because you do not share it does not mean you have to downvote this review.This simulator I was really hyped about and was refreshing steam all day to get it at launch, but it was quite dissapointing. Apart from that, let me go over the pros and cons to make this less confusing:ProsIt has American trucks in America! So no need to get mods for ETS2.Physics are great.Graphics are greatConsThe map is tiny, I get they haven't made any map DLC for it yet, but I feel it should've been bigger even at launchThe map feels repetitive, like you're driving in the same place over and over againThe fines are UTTERLY REDICULOUS, although you can use mods to alter it so it's not too big of a dealLack of trucks to drive, but again mods save the dayOverall it isn't the worst game of all time, but just doesn't give the satisfaction or fun like that of ETS2."
,Recommended,270880,26136046,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RTL33,Exelent Game
,Recommended,270880,32142219,Posted: 2 June,all,johnnyawesome,I absolutely love this game is is very good looking and it has a good open world factor in it too.
76561198141319507,Not Recommended,270880,22064922,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ekb373,"This game is short-lived. It starts out AMAZING, but then it just gets kinda boring. You are doing the same thing, over and over. I kinda wish I could refund it now but I can't because I went 6 minutes over the limit. The game has ok graphics I guess, and it looks fun but it's not after an hour or two, which is too late because then you can't refund it. My point is, unless you love driving on a computer for hours at a time, don't buy this game. This game is not worth it's price. It's worth like 5$."
,Recommended,270880,23906772,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,^MrM4sl0<~NTC,It's amazing.10/10 Buy it
,Recommended,270880,23476324,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,birdy1174,love it just like Euro Truck Simulator 2
76561198132194775,Recommended,270880,23593721,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dazza,"Kickarse game, makes me want to buy a real truck!"
76561198168148086,Recommended,270880,23540930,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Cheap Cactus,I love the realistic roads in this game and the real roads Great Game!!! Thumbs Up!!
76561197970356166,Recommended,270880,23825320,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Finishing_Dutch,"- Cop car cuts me off in traffic.- Honk horn, flash lights and give the finger to my monitor.- Cop brake checks me and gives me a speeding ticket.10/10 ; awesome road rage simulator."
76561198153153862,Recommended,270880,23481208,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,JohnLeto [Dragonman],BEST TRUCK SIMULATOR EVER
,Recommended,270880,23390097,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Hurkulez,Love this game!
,Recommended,270880,23640510,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,TSRVTC - Owner | Senka #CiN,Brilliant! I highly recommend getting this if you like real trucking.
76561198356101710,Recommended,270880,29682418,Posted: 3 February,all,chickinmaster36,THIS IS MY GO TO.This game is my home i have a passion for trucks and this brings memorys
76561198180924942,Recommended,270880,29702418,Posted: 4 February,all,The11nthDoctor,Just a great game in general
76561198362010174,Recommended,270880,29985309,Posted: 17 February,all,haydm,great game
,Recommended,270880,22754694,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ragemasterzzz,Ive only played this game for a few hours but its great! I reccomend a controller or steering wheel setup. Feels more realistic that way. Great game to relax on!
,Recommended,270880,22198228,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Andy55411,"Amerecan truck simulator is better than euro truck simulator 2, mainly because of that it has cop cars, why cop cars you ask? well, at random parts of the map of euro truck simulator 2 the speed limit would say 80 so I'm going 80, speed limit changes to about 50 or something lower than 80, I see it change so I slow it down to the new speed limit but soon as it changes I get a speeding ticket. this doesn't happen everytime but when it does it tends to be at a internsection or when I'm about to go in to a tunnel. this doesn't happen on american truck simulator because if you speed near a cop car than you'll get a speeding ticket, otherwise you're fine. so this gives you more time to slow it down so you don't get a random speeding ticket. I read about speed cams in euro truck simulator 2 but haven't seen em, unless I'm just not seeing em but I'm driving a freaking 18 wheeler, I cant slow down from 80 to 30-50 speed limits in 3 seconds lol. that was so annoying in euro truck simulator 2. and yes I had the truck speed limit shown and not the car speed limit. I also noticed that the throttle control is way more sensitive, this makes it easier to mantain your speed. I cant find anything I dislike about this game."
76561198215240129,Recommended,270880,29673835,Posted: 3 February,all,Eurotrucker125,"american truck sim is awesome it brings me back to when myy dad used to drive and the realisim could be tweeked a little bit but other than that this game is awesome,  would recommend to any truck lover.... its not driving its trucking"
76561198069584775,Recommended,270880,21904958,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Kim Jong Fun,crashed into a cop at 70 mphtook 1% damagecop is now orbiting earth70/70
76561198184192131,Recommended,270880,23485598,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,UNT CEO Redneck,I love american truck simulator because it is based on the area of where i live in california
,Recommended,270880,25769805,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,bon bon the beautiful,W900 can plow through traffic
,Recommended,270880,21373207,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Denis [VAC],"Imi place la nebunie, acum astept sa intru pe multiplayer"
76561198281051822,Recommended,270880,23126000,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ashokx.velaga25,Excellent****
,Recommended,270880,24283640,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Capt. Orion,"What can I say about the game, I totally love it!!I loved playing ETS2 because I'm from Europe, but it is fun discovering new parts of the world. To bad that there are only 3 stats so far :(Things I like the most about ATS:- The community is great, you can download trucks, skins and other mods from the workshop. So moding your game is very easy, but I can recommend you to not use to many mods if your computer is not a beast, and the second thing is that if the mod is taken away from the workshop it will no longer exist in the game, which can be problematic if it was your main truck.- The developers do a good job (fix bugs, new updates, map improvments)- Learn some basic stuff about America.- Nice graphics!Things I would like to change in ATS:- The weight stations, I don't really see the point of their existing in the game because as a player you'r not able to change the affect of the weight of the cargo. Maybe add a option so it makes sence to have them.- The bills. As a beginner the bills are a huge gap in your economy, but as a level 30 player with a small company and over 100k dollars in your pocket a 600 dollar bill is not going to make much diffrence.- The trucks don't have much options when it comes to tuning (less than in ETS2).I would suggest this game if you like slow games and listening to music or a podcast perhaps. I often play this game when I am not in the mood for playing a shooter game.(English is not my first language, so if you have some tips about how I can forrmulate myself PLS contact me :))"
,Recommended,270880,20944696,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,JavieRed Trucking 33,Amazing Ever I experienced. I ve Been waiting for it so long. Now Im trucking from Los Angles
76561198268739620,Recommended,270880,20973747,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ChrisDips,Previously owned ETS2 which was fun but driving in America places where Ive lived is extremely fun. Identical concepts though so it was easy to jump right in and start playing. Few trucks so far but if you follow their news you will see more are coming soon. Also free expansions! Great game.
76561198160774957,Recommended,270880,21601009,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,XavierTheGamer,"This game is pretty awesome since I have last played ETS 2, I love that they used real American places in the game. Considering that I live here in America. Its nice to see most of Californa and Nevada when I dont live down there."
,Recommended,270880,22137820,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Prostar+,"Right, I'll try and be short and sweet. Whilst everyone complains about the slow development from SCS, I give them credit for having this game out so soon. I am shocked at the fanbase's reaction purely because they went betching off about how the Pete 389 or the Mack Superliner or some shet like that wasn't included in the base release. Upon first playing it I admit I was thoroughly impressed just by the way the game felt to me, It hasn't grown old to me yet actually.So let's start simple enough for the children to read shall we?The map: Wow, a whole other continent. What an effing shock, everyone!! It is, to my knowledge of 3d modeling, pretty damn good.The scenery & props (buildings): Okay, this is where I personally believe SCS absolutely outdid themselves, I mean look at it, weigh scales, actual truckstops, random rest areas, all characteristics of... *drumroll* THE USA!!!!! Little motels out there occasionally in the countryside..The graphics: Wow, these are just perfection over my old ETS2 graphics, not to mention it runs better hahahaHonestly, 20/10, I'd drive a Peterbilt 579 for 200000 miles again any day."
76561197986671357,Recommended,270880,21057253,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Raija,"Hello well, I got a few hours into this game and i""m already rank 5, I gotta say it's a interesting sensation finally being able to read and understand ""AMERICAN"" Roadways.  City's, Hazard signs, and so on.   I mean in the EU you can understand it once you get a handle on things with your own handbook.  But with stuff that we Americans can read, who's never stepped foot outside of their own state.  It's a good feeling to not be confused.Pro's and Cons to this game.ProsEasy to get into for us Americans who knows not the rules of the road in Europe.Great Graphics Highly customizable.Has a radio setup where you can listen to web radios while you're driving, though it kinda makes me feel like i'm playing""GTA"" on safemode ya know? No crime lol.Licensed vehicals mostly.  Other than npc vehicals i'm sure they are gathering all proper licenses for each and every individual Trucks available on the US Market.Decent sound quality, Nothing noticable in this than it was in E.T.2.19.99 well, can't really beat that on 1.00 release day.  Especailly when you get two trucks and free skins with it and free Navada map.ConsWell, I have to say, my biggest gripe is MAP SIZE!  I mean come on, they should atleast make it for every 5 hours it takes 30 minutes rl time to drive it.  But KRIPES! I was able to finish a 5 hour drive in less than 10 minutes following speed limet, They aut to extend the map size a litlte further.  or something. I'll probrably find a mod that does that anyway.I dont' know what else to put down.  It's pretty much the same as in E.T.2. with a twist, That's about it.My rating for this game is this a solid 7/10 total, B+ for effort, B- for map sizeing.   A+ for USA Settings!"
,Recommended,270880,21111555,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Bib,"Anyone who already owns ETS 2 and considered not buying this game, think again. This game is similar yet different on so many levels. The variation and small details in every city is stunning. Everytime you drive by you will notice something different. The game feels so much brighter and more fun than ETS. Whether you're new to this franchise or have played hours of the previous games, this is the game for you? 11/10 would play again. Buy, buy, buy!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,270880,21117255,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Timbrewolf,"Surprisingly full of frustrating screw-ups.  Wasn't expecting to be this irritated playing the game.1)  Cops appear out of nowhere and give you $1000 tickets for going five over the limit.2)  Hardly any posted speed limits anywhere.  Have to drive with one eye on your GPS to tell whether you're speeding or not.3)  Speed limits on major roadways are wrong, sometimes fluctuate in a given stretch of road for no reason.  Never any warning.4)  Lots of traffic signs missing for that matter.5)  Even with an automatic transmission truck rolls backwards on hills and stalls.Graphically enhanced version of ETS2 but nowhere near as comfy to drive.  Lack of variety in trucks is balanced by increased diversity of locales to drive in.  Would wait for a sale or for more content/fixes to annoying gameplay elements."
,Recommended,270880,20973440,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,beeloy,meeloy trucc
76561198033613401,Recommended,270880,21189291,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,19TH MangyMutt,"I like the new game, however was a bit disappointed. No CB or community to tie that to. No interaction with the outside of the truck, its really more of a spin off of ETS2 which if your wondering, none of the expirence moves with you. I had 20+ drivers and trucks working for me there and now I am back to a right off the street newb and cant purchase a truck with a sleeper or customize anything? Wait till level 10? Wow, kind of bummed about it."
,Recommended,270880,21114882,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,[Evr LTD]Twitch.tv/ExilevRandall,Love this game all it needs is more trucks and roads :D
76561197992405759,Recommended,270880,21116612,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JRSorrow,"been a SCS fan since the 18 wheels of steel series, and honestly that game is one reason why i got my CDL in the first place. (4 years over the road).I am in love with the game because for one i drive 18 wheelers so it is natural for me.you get california and nevada at launch and it is decent so far. from the south of cali to the north of cali takes all of 5 minutes to drive (80+ mph outlaw trucking). you will love the open road and straight shot highways where you can see for miles because you feel free compaired to ETS 2.my only issue/ request is that i hope that we can buy our own trailer like in 18 wos haulin. in real life experience not all companies you haul for has their own trailer and also some of us only like to haul certain commodities and dont want to take any and every load out there.Hope yall enjoy it as much as i do and cant wait to see more states (Texas for sure)"
76561198013675691,Recommended,270880,21228237,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Putts,This game is great. I was a trucker in us 15 years and it blows me away how close they have come to the real thing. I know this is new build for scs and there are things that need help but know they will get it in time. Only thing that i dont like ia a few days in my book is 2 days. If you say your going to do something in a few days do it or let us know why its going to be  more time.  Love the game just be straight with us and all would be great.
76561198157256973,Recommended,270880,21111610,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,TenTonBlockofAluminum,"A game about driving, Do you like trucks? Do you like driving? Do you like getting mods from sketchy websites? If you answered ""yes"" to 2 or more of these questions I would recommend checking this game out. there's a Free Demo so you don't have to risk your money before trying the game."
,Recommended,270880,21131104,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,@AmigaRules,"Another fine game from SCS, will certainly be looking forward to getting some Expansions, since at release, there is only California so far, But they are planning Nevada and Arizona as DLC's later on, so the map and truck selections will grow over time.Rome wasnt built in a day, and neither will this game be, so be patient !!Just like ETS2 was built from the ground up, with newer DLC's being released to give you more maps, trucks, and extras.  ATS will also have DLC's released which include more and more content.Well worth buying. despite the critics slamming it, The starting map is pretty big, if you only play it once a week, it will take a fair while to cover all the roads and freeways which are dotted along it."
,Recommended,270880,21696008,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HeavyHauler426,"Here's an old reference. 18 Wheels of Steel. I'm not talking about the Extreme Trucker versions, I'm talking about the originals. Hard Truck, Haulin, Convoy etc. Now this. This game seems to me like an extreme overhaul of the 18WoS games. There's HD graphics, supreme truck customization (except for custom liveries), a wide range of companies and loads, and, a feature used in 18WoS Haulin, hired drivers. Not only that, the immersion factor within the terrain and the trucks is through the roof. It's not just haulin loads any more. It now lets you enjoy the view. One recommendation, better rendered drivers."
76561198006994190,Recommended,270880,21559214,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,💀💀💀💀,DLC?
,Recommended,270880,21579278,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,eccentric billionaire (Easton),"This game has a lot of potential. There's a few things that could be better (more trucks, more map, better truck sounds, etc.) but I'm sure that'll come with time."
76561198041427157,Recommended,270880,21169787,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,maru,"1 -- Move an X from the point A to the point B.2 -- Manage your company.3 -- Look for the next job and goto step 1It sounds boring and repetitive, but actually it is a pretty addictive game.A free additional content is in the development.I believe that the game will be extended to cover the mainland of the USA in the future. (via free and paid DLC)"
76561198061524481,Recommended,270880,21258194,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Oppermong,"SCS never fails to surprise me!This game might be similar to ETS2 but yet it feels so diffrent, I love how they added little roads next to the shores and parking difficulties. The graphics are great and its just such a nice game after youve had a busy day! 10/10"
,Recommended,270880,21411581,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Kologa,This is one of those games that similar to ETS2 will having me doing a few jobs a day for months on end.It does not revolutionize the sim genre as its very similar to ETS2. However its improves on most all of it. Scenery is more detailed in cities. Outside of cities its about as detailed as it can be for mostly desert areas. It does feel quite a bit smaller than ETS2 mainly because its 2 states at the moment. Which is disappointing but from what I hear Nevada is in the works and will be free so cannot complain to much about that.The modding scene is in the works as well so I have no doubt in a few months we will have some amazing mods to go along with it. There are already some great mods for the game. I am excited for the maps mods.What impressed me the most was the sounds. I love ETS2 but when you get in one of these Peterbuilt or Kenworth trucks and get your truck moving it gives you chills.I have got 2 other drivers working for me and am well into making my trucking empire. For me this was a no brainer. I loved ETS2 however I prefer the North American setting so I grabbed this.I know this review is kind of all over the place. Moral of the story. If you have and enjoy ETS2 and are looking for something different this is not the game for you there is not enough to recommend switching. However if you prefer the setting by all means grab this game you will not be disappointed.If you have never owned one of the trucking sim games but are interested. Choose which setting you prefer most and pick it up.
76561198130425522,Recommended,270880,21609541,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Gazza20054,good game just like ets2 but set in america
,Recommended,270880,21469143,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Yourock413,"This gmae is totally feel like in real life i can play this for hours without getting bored and i use experct on shirt-gear and i teach myself under few min how to drive a truck. If you look for a game to drive. I high recomond get this game, SCS Software did a nice job.. I hope you can add more state to it other then CA or NV.."
76561198170584465,Recommended,270880,21985164,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Captain Callum,Mod it till it crashes
76561197998146695,Recommended,270880,21208746,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dr. John Watson,"Even though the map is small for now.They gave us what they promised, and I believe that in the future this game will grow to match and even exceed the succes of ETS2."
76561198027571526,Recommended,270880,20971382,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Janolafi [ChloBot Logistics],"To be only two states in the beginning, you don't get bored. After playing every game in the 18wos and ets series, this is one of their best games until now. You won't regret, if you buy it."
,Recommended,270880,21101817,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,HauntedGamer297,great game had lots of fun playing it
76561198050008286,Recommended,270880,21127881,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,QuinnCee,"Can't say anything more than I love the game. Been a fan of ETS and hoped they would do an American version, or at least a version with American trucks. Looking forward to all the content. Good job so far. The in-game cops must be end month quotas; catching me speeding 1 mph over all the time."
,Recommended,270880,21238788,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Elfnet Gaming YT,"Ok overall a nice game since I am American of course it's nice to finally see the real trucks in a game an not the wanna-be's in ETS... Kidding of course.Anyways definately worth the price of $20 and can't wait for the Arizona DLC to come out..Well aside fromt he game itself and location, the price it right and the expected DLC also.. Could use more types of trucks though, l mean like different year models as well as manufacturers that are related to actual US trucking.Ok cool they ripped trains from train simulator it looks like.. but the names are interesting BFLM instead of BNSF... Bureau of Federal Land Management???? I see what you did there..OK so no right on red? This IS NOT EUROPE for christ sake!Poor horns. Come on American big rigs have multi chime air horns not whats currently in the game... sad.EVERY American Truck has a CB radio, its a staple product for EVERY US Trucker that calles themself a trucker.. We dont expect a usable inteface , just a skin change in the cab and maybe an option to change it at truck dealers or shops..Railroad crossings in the US are not set up like they are in the game to protect all lanes on all sides. if they were then there would not be car - train accidents... Again this is NOT EUROPE! We live in constant adventure over here in the States where it's tempting to tempt fate at the RR crossing.."
,Recommended,270880,21618636,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,JEL,"Coming from the 'old' ""18 wheels of steel"", which was great, it is a very welcome (and much improved) title :)It feels very much like 18WOS, just re-vamped to current tech-specs, so that's great.The AI traffic is very much improved over 18WOS. Now you can actually drive without being hit by AI all the time. That's well done.Only thing I might miss, is slightly longer empty straight roads in the desert that just goes on and on and on and on for miles and miles :)(There are some good long roads already though, but I just love desert-roads on autopilot with a hot sun baking the cockpit :) )Very good game :)"
,Recommended,270880,34190617,Posted: 12 August,all,Pepsi Man,A truly beautiful and amazing game and even better with mods.
,Recommended,270880,25134412,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,PregnantParamedic,"Played this game with some chill music/tv show on and forgot I had depression.Cheaper than therapey and good gameplay, 8/10"
,Not Recommended,270880,33315455,Posted: 6 July,all,ミ★ ckc | Dillpickle1 ★彡,"Less trucks,Less customization.Otherwise Same game As Euro truck"
,Recommended,270880,20942233,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,marclemore,Easily the very best game I have had the pleasure to play.
,Recommended,270880,20964708,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dennis Smith,Watching AI crash into eachother makes it that much better.
76561198205200095,Recommended,270880,21216173,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Darkninja2423,"Great game, lots of traffic and stupid drivers (Me) I recommend to get this game!"
,Recommended,270880,20942631,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,N_Four,Great game but plz add more states
,Recommended,270880,21076543,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,xCallide,"Yea people argue that it's the same game just different map.. BUT NO it's not, sort of. The map of this game is so much better and more detailed than ETS 2 which is one the main reasons this game is amazing. The AI can actually drive now, which is a good thing. The graphics in this game is amazing. ITS IN ♥♥♥♥ING MERICA... and those are the good things. Now the bad... Police cars great feature... but gets you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, theres just to many of them. Only 2 trucks but more to come. Only 2 states but more to come. And the last this is SPEEDING TICKETS and the SPEED LIMIT of this game like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ they give you tickets for days and $1000 for each... for only going like 6 more than the speed limit, that is annoying. Also the off and on ramps need to be adjusted they are too short and also when you enter a city that goes from 70mph to 30mph real quick and guess what THERES A ♥♥♥♥ING COP READY FOR YO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TO GIVE YOU A TICKET.10/10 WOULD GET A TICKET AGAIN, GREAT ♥♥♥♥ING GAMEIF YOU LOOK AT IT THERES ONLY LIKE 1 PROBLEM WHICH IS THE SPEED TICKETS AND SPEED LIMIT. THIS GAME IS GREAT."
76561198023041713,Recommended,270880,35220388,Posted: 26 September,all,monty1082,GREAT GAME BUT TRAINS SHOULD BE A LOT LONGER.
,Recommended,270880,33442375,Posted: 10 July,all,That's OK,"This game is a very relaxing and chill-out game, you can drive for hours and not get bored with the amount of new terrain and view all from the cab of your truck. The modifications that you can make to your truck are increadible with a wide variety of paint jobs to engines and even tranmissions. The modding community for this game is pretty good but you can't always find what you want, I love how you can use the steam workshop to get mods for the game aswell as find mods on modding websites all over the internet. The multiplayer for ATS is a lot like ETS 2, it can get chaotic at times and even annoying, there is also some swearing but only in multiplayer. After playing this game for 60 hours all I can say is that is was worth the money."
76561198006882147,Recommended,270880,23535913,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Sasqautch,"If you have an intrest in trucks specifically American ones and you also enjoyed ETS2 you will enjoy this , Keep in mind this is a simulator and not a game with a story or a racing game with trucks lol , Also for anyone who likes the Psycho movies you will come across a very cool easter egg while out on deliverys :D"
76561198229355480,Recommended,270880,26026804,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jeffreybowen2,I love the game i just wish that they can allow us to use the container mods
76561198168797018,Recommended,270880,25914030,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fire,Please make the map bigger. I really enjoy ETS2 because the map is huge (even though you must purchase more map area). I would love to come back and play this more if the map is made bigger.
,Recommended,270880,24394566,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,mmeador85,Easy to learn but hard to master. I've loved every second of this game so far and am really loving building my trucking empire. Ended up remapping the controls to work with my PS4 controller until i can get a supported wheel but even then the controls are easy and responsive. 10/10 would recommend to every one i know
76561198077356742,Recommended,270880,20959761,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,JWonderchild,Great game but i hope thay don't make me pay for to many expansion packs becuase the ETS 2 map was quite big.
76561198019065575,Recommended,270880,20962235,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,doom,"big trucks, US west coast, lot of content incoming, 20$, .... --> buy it!"
,Not Recommended,270880,21063772,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fluctuating Gamer,"As SCS Software mentioned in the description of the game, it currently only has two states, California and Nevada, with a third - Arizona - currently in development. And as of right now, only has two trucks to choose from. So the game is currently lacking content wise, only because this was built from the ground up, and there will be more content released for it in the future, some probably through free updates and others through purchases, it's up to the company for what they do. Even though it's a decent game right now, it cannot be recommened in its current state due to being incomplete content wise (trucks to choose from, states to go to, etc).I may come back to this in the future to change my review, so stay tuned for the *update.*I'd like to point out now that this will be way later on in the future, when there are more states and more vehicles to choose from. My best guess is that it would be at least by late 2017 at best, and early 2019 at the latest, when I believe that a sizeable amount of the game might be completed, meaning more content added to the game. I'd also like to say that I am not trying to make a major 100% guess on a timeframe for a more complete game, but for just a guess, a shot in the dark."
76561198083666835,Not Recommended,270880,20956405,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,the_hedgehog2002uk,"I didnt find this game as good as Euro Truck 2, so at the moment i cannot recommend this game, requesting a refund"
76561198191531228,Recommended,270880,20983157,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,b0lt,"Mhm yes, very good, mhm"
,Recommended,270880,21019466,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,M!ke,Just look at the screenshots from my profile and you will see that the game is very good optimized :D
,Recommended,270880,21039532,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Old Nerd Gamer,"For us yanks, ATS is a great compliment to the already-great ETS2. The graphics, realism, physics, and game-play is awesome. The only thing frustrating for me is the lack of states to travel. While the land travel is vast in ETS2, ATS has three states we can go to, at this time. Considering how well received the game has been, I'm hoping SCS will build up a good-sized mapping team and realease more map DLCs, a lot more often. Other than that, this is a really amazing game.All the said, while I do appreciate all the hard work put into the re-scale, I would have prefered the introduction of other states. Of course, that's just my opinion."
,Recommended,270880,20960603,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kallus Rourke,"After only spending a few hours in ATS, I feel like I've found a game I can just play forever and ever and never get tired of.  I was hesitant about buying it, as I know nothing of trucking, nor did I get into ETS 2 or other similar games, making this my introduction to trucking games.  I took the risk and bought it thanksto a friend, and I can't stop playing.  It is extremely fun and relaxing to just drive and/or listen to the in-game radio.  The game is beautiful!  SCS did an amazing job  with graphic details.I do, however, have a few issues with the game.  These are mostly minor things that don't  take away from the gameplay overall.  I'm thoroughly loving this game.1)  Speeding tickets are 1k each, even if you'ree only going 5 miles over.  That's pretty extreme and not realistic.2) Cops are EVERYWHERE.  I love seeing the cops around, but it gets to be a little too much when every fourth or fifth car you see is a police car.3) I've encountered certain spots in gas stations that the truck simply cannot go over.  I found this out initially when delivering fuel.  My cab could go over the spot, but my trailer wheels would get stuck and force me to skip parking.4) Traffic speeds!  Cars will go much faster than you all the time, even if you're going 55mph, they will fly by you.  If we have a set speed limit, the AI needs one, too."
,Recommended,270880,20962091,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kickrocks69,The best truck driving game i have player overall.
,Recommended,270880,21042801,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/djaramis19013,LOVE IT!
76561198048410285,Recommended,270880,20949334,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,kmurf,I couldnt wait for this game to come out and i have to say i wasnt disappointed. The scenery and the realism is amazing as are the sounds (except for the horns). The only downside i can find are the speed limit signs are hard to detect...i gota lot of tickets. Other than that keep up the good work. I know that a lot of people are comparing this game to ETS2... there is a 2 in there they really should be comparing it to ETS. They informed you that there was going to be only 2 trucks and 2 states. There is plenty of time for them to improve and expand this game and i haveno problems switching between ETS2 and ATS. I feel it in my bones that this will be a better game
76561198109321326,Recommended,270880,21043973,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jubugatti,"I enjoy this game a lot!I play on the keyboard, and it's still really fun. The graphics are pretty good and it looks nice.The aspects of the game are pretty realistic, and the driving is quite enjoyable.After 12 hours of playing, I feel like I just started the game.Awesome game, definitely recommend it."
76561198014042051,Recommended,270880,21086210,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SuperMario,"After 16 hrs of playing, I only saw rain once :-)After 26 hrs, still no other rain in sight.After 40 hrs, still no other rain in sightI just realized there are no roundabouts in America. ♥♥♥♥ those traffic lights!!!"
,Recommended,270880,21238951,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Max Esposito,This game is the most best game ever!!!!
76561198025663686,Recommended,270880,29403258,Posted: 21 January,all,NightCraft,"This is a great game for Euro Truck Simulator lovers.I have played now for a good while and i can sum alot of good things about the game :So first :Detail - I enjoy the detail in this game, it feels there is alot more detail and different areas to see compare to ETS, there are alot of signs with random things not just town signs it feels authentic ( there are shops, diners, donut places and much more with different lights and showcase...) some lights are pretty drops down on buildings in a special way and the scenary is beautiful, from forests and watery places into barren lands and high speed roads, truck gauges are amazing, there is surely alot to see here.Gameplay - Long straight roads and fun. there are many interesting roads and intersections to drive at specialy hilly areas with a special truck lane or long straight roads with hills that the road goes up and downs i really liked them.Difficulty - From ETS2 to ATS there is a lot of difference, the truck really feels long and sometimes it's challenging to leave a parking area or park your trailer, there is alot more driving to do, high speed roads and dangerous roads.I hope we keep seeing new upcoming content to ATS and ETS, they are both excellent and i think it's important they keep the community and game alive by doing so.I recommend getting ATS, it's a small payment for alot of pleasure,The game is awesome and beautiful for all those who love driving games this is a must and i'll be looking forward for any upcoming expansions for both ATS and ETS2."
76561198301847479,Recommended,270880,22829250,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,gameradam,love the game to bad about the trolls
,Recommended,270880,33654859,Posted: 19 July,all,There we go,"Who ever said game has awesome graphics must have been talking about another game or been coming straight from minecraft.On highest settings looking like 2006 not 2016.But driving is chilling, just keep your eyes closed and listen to the radio)"
,Recommended,270880,20961040,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Fire2box,"I'm a very casual fan of this game series, im far from a expert. however, I've been having fun with this game. It's just drive from point a to point B, try not to speed and don't hit anything.my biggest complaint about the game is the city's aren't that big. I personally live in Stockton California and it's tiny in this game. Like maybe 20000% smaller in the game then in reality. It also takes over 30 mins to get from Stockton to Sacramento, in this game it only takes about one or two tops. the screney is pretty, you can add your own music or listen to internet radio stations.The game isn't really that complex, but i'm only doing single missions. I haven't bought any trucks, hired other drivers, or got that deep into the game yet. but from what I've seen of the serires the core is always just to play, drive around and complete deliveries."
76561198104089191,Recommended,270880,23140584,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"I had awaited ATS after getting into ETS.. when ATS came out I loved it, although briefly.Sadly.. I got distracted with some other games.. and now I just have not gotten back into it.It however is in full install in my library.. and for those who know me.. that means it will receive play time again.If you like truck sims, this is a really well done game.  The content is being updated, the game play still patched. I still follow it faithfully.I recently decided that since so many more maps are in the works I am just going to hold off for one or two before I jump back in. That may or may not stay true.. depends on the time it takes. But this is one that will have me driving again.Sure, its not perfect. Nothing ever is. But for an OTR simulation.. highly advise it as a buy."
,Recommended,270880,30023454,Posted: 18 February,all,THIS PROJECT IS RETIRED,It's great!
,Not Recommended,270880,34747933,Posted: 4 September,all,Brandon,"This is a review from KONFLICTZZ that i needed to reshare and get past all the positive reviews and see the brighter side of things this game is in a very POOR state its is extremely unoptimized my friend with a 1070 who has the same settings as me gets dropped to 25-30 frames a second in the city while i have a r7 360 and stay at 60 fps in the city like this is extremely sad to see a game that was so hyped up that is just sitting on a shelf in the scs office getting touched once a month to release an ""update"" that is really for ets but they give to the ats people so they dont get mad or so they just slightly forget that WE HAVE 3 STATES OF 48 and ets has a map triple the size and is much older.My advice to SCS is GET OFF ETS AND START WORKING ON ATS, ETS IS A GINORMOUS MAP AND YOU CANT TRAVEL ACROST THAT MAP IN LESS THAN AN HOUR AND A HALF YET ATS YOU CAN TRAVEL ACROSS IN 45 MINS WITH A HEAVY CARGO LOAD SEEMS PRETTY MESSED UP TO ME.""I bought this game when it first released with high expectations and the hopes of an amazing game. I knew what I was getting into with limited content and I accepted paying that cost to help support SCS make this game into the awesome game I know it can be. The problem is I expected Some progress on this game. I sit here writing a review a year and a half after the games release with no real progress made.At the current state that ATS is in we have 3 states all that were promised to us as part of the base game and took 4 months for just that to put in the third and fulfill peoples pre orders. Now we are slowly coming up to the 2 year mark and in that 2 years we have basically got what we were promised when we first bought the game. A pointless Rescale of the whole base games map which people are soon going to find is going to royally f them as the game develops later on down the line but wait and see on that one.Not to mention we are hoping the first real piece of DLC content in New mexico will be releasing later on this year and before the 2 year mark. This is for state number 4 out OF THE 44 CONTINENTAL STATES THEY STILL NEED TO COMPLETE. do the math 44/4 x 2 gives you a grand total of 22 THAT MEANS AT THIS RATE OF PROGRESS THIS GAME WILL NOT BE COMPLETED FOR 22 YEARS IF IT HAS NO DELAYS...Let's summarise before the 2 year mark we have our pre order bonus fulfilled had a unnecessary rescale and we are hoping to have the first real piece of DLC come out for this game before those 2 years are up, and a current progress of game completion in 22 years not the significant progress I was hoping for.This is before I get into the fact that the developers seemingly have a sheer lack of interest working on this game at the moment, and would much rather work on there predecessor game of ETS 2. Want evidence of this let us do a comparison on what has came out for ATS vs ETS, since ATS has been released.ATS has had 7 dlc's come out for it all cosmetic DLC's apart from one of them being map content, and that being the free pre order map bonus content of Arizona. Now compare with ETS 2 that has had 1 map release with France 1 that will be done before the 2 year mark which is Italy so I am counting this as 2 map releases and 22 new cosmetic DLC's released (primarily paint packs) in the year and a half that ATS has come out 7 DLC'S for ATS vs the 24 ETS 2 DLC packs or 23 if we do not count Italy so please people who try to critique this review tell me how that does not show them focusing more on ETS2?I NOW STATE CLEARLY because of the above there is no way in my right mind I can tell people that this is worth the £14 price tag AT THE MOMENT IN IT'S CURRENT STATE with a current progress for the full game to be done in 22 years and a lack of interest by the Developers.I mean if you are a diehard fan of the Truck simulator series then sure pull the trigger on this game but be under no illusion this game is deprived of content and expect a lack of any real content for I would say a good 2 to 3 years while SCS wrap up everything on Euro Truck simulator 2. If on the other hand you are totally new to the truck driving simulation games and were thinking this would be a Awesome place to start STAY AWAY FROM IT FOR NOW, come back in 3 years when more has been added or better yet go and spend that £14 on Euro Truck simulator 2 and you will get Way more bang for your buck.This Review will be subject to change if and When New content releases for ATS and we start seeing the developer become interested in making this game again"""
76561198081032253,Recommended,270880,21537707,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,gxsmith,Awesome! Drivin my life away!
76561198090069665,Recommended,270880,27649587,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lobsterwarrior,what a game so much potential and its only going to get better when they add more states and south america. in a few years we will be able to have full american road trips amazing!
76561198062752981,Not Recommended,270880,28880645,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,X-I.M.A. Target,"The game itself is fine and playable as long as you're not familier with the routes...It's plays very much like its Euro Truck counterparts. I myself however couldn't get past the routes.I did a trip from San Diego (where I live) to Bakersfield, CA (Where I was born and rasied and lived until I was 21)and it was just horrible how much was left out and how wrong the freeways were... bottom line if you're not familier with the areas it's just as good as Euro Truck, if you are then it could be a deal breaker(it was for me)."
76561198158356745,Recommended,270880,23031326,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,"""You're very S.P.E.C.I.A.L!""",I reckon it's perdy darn kool especially since it's in Amurica!
,Recommended,270880,21952734,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Spectrum,"American Truck Simulator, yes it is lacking the Countries and Cities that Euro Truck Simulator 2 offers. However let us not forget how Euro Truck Simulator 2 began, it started as German Truck Simulator. And UK Truck Simulator. Locking you to only Germany and UK (In 2 different releases.)So is the lack of States a problem for American Truck Simulator? I think not. Right now it causes some issues of repetativeness as you will very quickly span the map, however it is just the beginning. The lack of truck veriety however is disapointing, license limitations or not I would rather they took the Euro Truck Simulator approach and released fictional brands for the trucks until they we're able to secure a licenses.At the moment as American Truck Simulator is today I feel Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a better buy, however I see lots of potential for American Truck Simulator to get to the same level in time, and I just hope it doesn't take too much time to get there."
,Not Recommended,270880,25457085,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RobH8,"Well, the new mapping from the SCS has ruined the game...Cant drive on some highway´s anymore, because the roadsigns are way too low for a truck with a load to pass thru........"
76561198107163819,Recommended,270880,30907039,Posted: 2 April,all,ruffiun,"My first review. Fantastic chill game, with great views, and I love the truck customization. Cant wait for New Mexico and beyond. I appreciate SCS and what they have done here!"
,Recommended,270880,20959577,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,LEG Moderator (Bigs),"I love the game. Yes as stated by the devolpers, there are some licening issues so the game is not fully released quite yet. Which is why the price is 20USD and not a full priced game. Another thing peaple are lacking to see is that The game is still in its birthing stage and you cant expect it to be a huge map. The devs have done a wonderful job recreating California but it seems as if the community isnt appreciating the fact that they did this at all. Most gamers these days expect a game to be perfect, but as a game developer in San Diego I can tell you that game design is not majgic and just to make a simple good menu like ATS has takes weeks, possibly even months! So yes, the game is worth it. Its not that big of a gameyetand the developers have responded to that and agree and have lowered the price. Just guys, I leave on this one not, games arenotmagic and take years to make."
,Recommended,270880,23940450,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mark S.,"Finally, i can drive a Kenworth and drink some beer."
,Recommended,270880,23803260,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,stevefarrell94,I've played 69 hours of this game. The only thing that dissapointed me was the map scaling but they announced they are fixing the map scaling. The way it is now you get from one city to the next really fast because the map scaling is 1:35 but they are changing it to the same 1:20 map scaling as ETS 2 which I have played 246 hours of and thoroughly enjoyed too. If you enjoy thrucking then you should buy this.
76561198139941502,Recommended,270880,23231058,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Colonel Buttermilk Hotcakes,"IGNORE MY LOW AMOUNT OF HOURS, I HAVE PLAYED MORE ON DIFFERENT ACOUNT___________________________________________________________________________I would have to say, this and it's sister, Euro Truck Simulator, are probably the best driving simulators out there. Moddable and avalible to causal to hardcore truck drivers, it has a wide range of content.Pros:- Moddable- Large map, with expantions coming- Decent amount of trucks to choose from- Many different types of cargo to choose from- Fantastic graphics- Easy to learn- Can use VR- Can use gaming wheels- Can Play for hours on end- Constantly Updated- Customizable TrucksCons:- We all know it's coming, the amount of DLCs the devs will put out- Uhhh, umm... OH, the amount of time it takes to find more cons- I've been sitting here for 7 minutes thinking of any. Ok... i'll move on.""Mehs"" (Opinions, Most of these can be solved with mods):- Honestly, there is a lot of customization features but i feel like it needs more- Little more traffic variaty- The time it takes to get moving at the start (Just get a money/xp cheat on the workshop)- Size of the cities, they are kind of big, but i felt like they should have been made biggerThings they should add to the game (Most of this would be DLCs):- More intierior customization, same as wheel tuning DLC, but with the inside of the trucksI had more but they were stupid.All in All, if you like driving simulators get this, if you don't, why are you here?Personal Rating:9.6/10Have a good day-VV"
,Recommended,270880,28457016,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Some Clown,"I'll be quite honest, American Truck Simulator is actually very realistic. The AI will brake check you every minute so you get fined for the collison, just like in the real life North America. What a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.10/10"
,Not Recommended,270880,28835688,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,backhandkill,"Though I don't reccomend this game, that doesn't mean you won't enjoy this game. Lemme explain my experience:The good:-Yeah, it's a truck game-It's a cool 18-wheels of steel updateThe bad:-The graphics are bad-No scenery-Towns are usually only a few roads long (cities like New Vegas)Overall, it's very plain. Nothing to look at. Even on the highest settings, everything looks pretty bad. Trees will disinigrate in your mirrors. Shadows won't load until you're close. Some grass even won't load til you're closer. I will probably play this game a bit more, just to see what the end-game stuff is like. I know you can hire workers and buy/upgrade your own truck store. But it's taking quite a while and you're on the road with nothing to see. Cars are always getting into stupid wrecks with eachother, making it pretty hard. Usually the crash is a car turning from a stop sign straight into another, sometimes backing straight into me. There is a lot I can say about this game, but overall a 6/10 from me."
76561198199159411,Not Recommended,270880,30030510,Posted: 19 February,all,stakker17,"I love European Truck Simulator 2, no doubt - smooth playing, no major glitches, wonderful way to spend time. Still, ATS didn't feel the same as ETS2, just located in USA, which I was expecting at first. Tried the demo earlier, which didn't feel that much different, but the actual game was a refund case on my account - even when bought from sale. There are probably some issues with the Xbox360 controller drivers as I coudln't get it work right out of the box the same as ETS2 and there could be some other details of programming of the game play that differ, something that tells ATS that little different from ETS2 to spoil the first impression. And I'm very sorry to have to say this..About the looks of the game, the American style trucks are rather heavy on  visual details, thus the graphics might need more oomph on the GPU to look real good. More minimalistic European trucks are easier to render and look more ""natural"" and eye pleasing with less GPU power - which is an important point to consider. Also the cabins of the US trucks are a bit problematic because of their design, don't quite fit on a single HD monitor, thus side mirrors stay out of picture unless you zoom the cabin view to near max, causing the front window to narrow down quite a bit.I will wait if there will  be a major update with some of these issues smoothed out, especially the gamepad compatibility to have another look at ATS, until then will stick with ETS2 and its DLCs, and maybe some independent mods too on top of that.I can still recommend ATS with the above reservations taken into account and if you're not already familiar with ETS2 - or if you for some reason just don't like Europe particularly, or just prefer ""America first"" in general (joke) - otherwise, think of ETS2 as the game to go to first."
,Recommended,270880,21058942,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,StenioBlackHawnk,"American trucks >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> European trucks.*WARNING*Be careful with American police, they can shoot at you."
,Recommended,270880,26634278,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jegqamas,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 and this game are the best truck sims games I ever played (and yes I'm a fan of trucks games and played so many of 'em) :)The graphics are awesome, the driving feels so real and the engine's sound so real as well. Physics is great, I'm not expert in gaming reviews but It really feels like driving a truck, I think in the Euro Truck Simulator 2 the map is bigger and more truck companies but this one is great since there are other truck types and different landscapes.Nothing like driving a truck in the desert roads, listening to classic rock radio and watching the sunset. I like it and Recommend it :)"
,Recommended,270880,26462779,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gember™,"O hodně lepší než ETS2, Jede mi o dost plynulejc a celkové spracování je lepší, je zde sice málo kamionů, ale hra je přeci na začátku, obrovské +za krásnou mapu, nejkrásnější zpracování, hra ani není tak moc zdlouhavá, tleskám vývojářům 9,5/10"
76561198011548805,Recommended,270880,21216323,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,kane31,Awesome Game! My father is a Truck Driver and my Grandfather retired from Truck Driving a few years ago after 40 years. This Game is fun and addicting and I find myself spending way too much time already making deliveries trying to expand my company.Note: if you don't have a controller or the steering wheel controller. it may take a little time to adjust your steering settings to get the right feel for the handling of the truck with the keyboard. took me a little bit before i got the sweet spot on my settings so i can somewhat control my rig.I'd like to see this in a mutiplayer platform where you can compete against other trucking compaines and stuff. talk on CB radios while traveling together on the roads.
,Recommended,270880,25497703,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,DAMIEN,"Best Truck Simulator To DateI drove big rigs for a living, and this is the closest to the real thing I found. The only 2 thing holding it back is it needed more states and trucks added to it. Other than that I would recommend this game before any other out there."
,Not Recommended,270880,20959965,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ddobson,"I found the lack of highway merge area frustrating and with the lack of a responsive braking system you end up hitting cars as you get on the highway.Making turns is a challange as the truck does not feel like it wants to turn until you get below 20 mph.Trucks also don't feel that powerful, you gan get to 60 but the slightest hill and you drop to 50.  ETS2 was much better overall on truck handling.Only two states for doing jobs?  ETS2 had most of Europe in the original download, they could have given us the whole coast line at least.At this time I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198107458774,Not Recommended,270880,22596794,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,✪CONSERVE✪,"TL;DRSCS Software is just milking the cow one more time: ATS is just a copy of the old 18 Wheels of Steel series/European Truck Sim with improved graphics and nothing new or exciting... You just throw money at them playing the same thing until you get bored grinding for in-game money to upgrade yo shi t.The GoodWell, if you're a new guy/lass in the truck simulator world, ATS is a good way to spend your hard earned cash and get bored in about 5 hours. You get nice graphics, a decently sized map, somewhat realistic truck handling and ""tons"" of work to do.The BadIf you're like me and have gone through all the truck simulator games from the first 18WoS to this crap, I'll let you know this has nothing over previous titles but improved graphics and smarter traffic. The developer is clearly trying to get some cash one more time from enthusiasts pulling the same maneuver all over again.  I mean, after 3 years since European Truck Simulator was released, they come with a copy of that taking place on the East Side of the USA this time, saying it's their biggest s h i t so far and even more good things are about to happen. Well, the cake is a lie...I know there is copyright work to be done before using real trucks in game, but all they managed to get so far are three fkin truck models... THREE ! And two of them sound and feel exactly the same. There's also no visual damage and everything stays nice and shiny forever, you know, like a truck in the real world.And what do you think they did next? They came up with a 3EUR DLC that allows you to chage rims and tires... fkin rims and tires, mate... just like it's the 2000's again and we all want to play NFS Underground but with trucks this time. I hope the next one adds neons and wings...Seriously, how about adding some realistic damage instead of some percentages shown in tiny boxes next to the truck in diagnose mode? Or, how about the trucks getting dirty, oily or dusty depending where you drive them? Or even better, make the game really put you in the driver's skin; get out of the truck to couple/uncouple the tailer, refuel, repair a flat tire to make the game a bit more tricky to play. It just gets so damn boring after about 5 hours of playtime. And also make sure you use the ingame currency a bit more accurate.... who the hell spends 180K to upgrade to a medium garage but only 100k to upgrade to a really big garage?I can only hope that at least the workshop enthusiasts will put out more trucks and dirty/oily/rusty skins. I lost my faith in SCS. Don't buy this recycled garbage if it's not on sale for about 2 bucks...."
76561198018371850,Not Recommended,270880,20916848,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,VostokMercenary,"Currently theres only 2 manufacturers, peterbilt and kenworth, you only get California and a bit of nevada.  Dont buy this yet, Id advise waiting a while for more content which I hope isnt paid DLC.This should be early access as theres little content.EDIT: I know theyve said more is to come liek arizona and other licences for trucks, but it maybe should be listed as early access as ETS 2 was more 'finished' than this when that was released"
,Recommended,270880,20921003,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Xpander,"Great game, like ETS2. Cheap Logitech Driving Force GT worked nicely. Had to change some keybinds for my personal satisfaction, but FFB is not supported on the linux client, makes me a bit sad.Graphics are amazing and its running pretty good also, all maxed. 40+ fps in cities and 60 locked (vsynced) on the highways.Radio support under linux client is lacking features like with ETS2, seems just ogg support, but its not a big issue for me since i use my own musicplayer anyway with keybinds to change stuff around.I never been in USA, so i get to know some places now :)allmost forgot.. parking with your trailer is a lot of fun now. there are places that are so challenging, narrow spaces with tricky maneuvers to get there.8/10 for the game itself (because not too much difference from ETS2)7/10 for linux client (due some missing features)Just a random gameplay video (this one was with keyboard)FPS is lower, somehow when recording, it is trying to sync to 30 fps on heavy areashttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeMX55hNJkM"
,Recommended,270880,20938051,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Dr.Zzzzzz,"Good Quality,  better than expected"
,Recommended,270880,21229617,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JricePlayzHD,"This is a realistic game, get on some Pandora, and just cruise through the desert. Nothing like being rubberduck hauling a lowboy!"
,Not Recommended,270880,21206071,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,FMUK | FozzyGuy-YT,"Ok... ATS is a great game, don't get me wrong here but there is still a lot of work to be done to get this game up to standards. The number of police I see on the road is crazy, the fines they give out too are quite harsh but I do like how they put their sirens on when you go over the speed limit. There are lots of great features in this game such as the tumbleweed, which is a great touch.The bugs... wow, don't get me started... The game often crashes on load despite all my drivers being up to date and my PC is perfectly adequate with a GTX 970 and an intel i7 4790kAnother stupidly annoying thing is how all my save games seem to dissappear... They are all clearly in my savegames folder yet don't appear on my game.The scaling of the game is horrible. Why it takes such a short time to get places, I don't even know. ETS2 is much better scaled compared to this.The fact that there are only two states in the game is quite frustrating but I feel that SCS may be planning to add more states as DLC content like ETS2 Going East and Scandinavia.If you are thinking of getting this game, I recommend waiting a month or two for SCS to sort out the many bugs in the game and to add some more content to the game before buying it.Overall I will rate this game 4/10 Mainly because of it's many bugs and issues."
76561198134790202,Not Recommended,270880,21016193,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mack,"The detail is pretty good,and thats it..The scale of the map is small,in a days time you can cove both states and then you bored.The 2 trucks look ok,if you want a new truck,but a used truck dealer would have been the way to mix in some older coe`s and others rigs...The fines are huge,i got a 1800.00 fine for a wreck!!!!! Ai`s are still a pain,to many of them,needed a setting for less ai`s...Speed limit signs are hard to see,and sometimes the speed limits change from 55 mph to 30mph to 55 mph,,,so fast you dont have a chance to slow down or speed up ticket,ticket?????There need to fix alot of things if people are going pay for any more states i think?I am one of them..Nice try SCS..Oh,,now my ETS2MP is really messed up with SCS adding ATS to it somehow,,Oh by the way,i have drivin over 1 million miles in the usa,,with a truck,,you cant bs me.."
,Recommended,270880,20982426,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dotikk,"Pros:- Awesome Scenery- Same great handling physics from ETS- Plays nice with Keyboard, Xbox Controller or Wheel- AI seems to be a bit better- Playing the Classic Rock Radio while driving down a lone empty highway in Nevada? Amazing!Cons:- Lack of content.- Only (2) Trucks on release as well as (2) states; even for 20 bucks that's pushing it.- Speed limits seem odd, they change to rapidly in / out of cities. Cops are unforgiving and you'll get a fine for going   3MPH over. AI is also unrealistic in this respect, instantly changing speed from 55MPH down to 35.- Lack of On Ramps. Has anyone from SCS every been on an American Highway? There's a leadup to gain speed! ATS just dumps you directly onto the highway with no merge zone.Overall, a fun game. If you enjoyed Euro Truck, but wanted the American Trucks and maps, this game is for you! I've had a great time so far besides the above mentioned cons, and looking forward to what SCS and mods will bring!"
76561198254490338,Not Recommended,270880,20932317,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,J. Garcia,"I know this review will change in the future as the game develops so keep that in mind (but for now its this)Really great game but not good for people with laptops.If you don't have the graphics on Ultra then the dialogues on the trucks would show blurry.It would be extremely great if they added International  or MACK trucks.I beleive in the future as this game develops it will have some of the best American truck Manufacturers but for now we'll just have to stick with two trucks,but there not just any trucks,there the amazing Kenwoth and Peterbilt"
,Recommended,270880,20965943,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Wyatt,"You are a truck driver. Your goal is to build your trucking empire, one job at a time. Beginning the game, you'll be introduced to a simple delivery job that explains the controls and acts as a tutorial. Afterwards, you'll be dumped at your garage, tasking with saving up enough money to buy your own truck by doing work for other companies. Eventually, you'll be able to buy your own truck, and gain access to the Freight Market, which pays more than the Quick Jobs from contractors. However, you'll have to pay for your own expenses: damages, fuel, fines, and more.The graphical design of American Truck Simulator echoes the games of its past. While it does attempt to stay current with visual effects like lens flares, godrays and more, ultimately the game's graphics won't impress anybody. The truck models are highly-detailed, and leave little to be desired, but the textures throughout the world are often muddy, low resolution, and can be a bit of an eyesore up close. However, once you're out on the open highway, it's easy to find yourself getting lost in the long winding road ahead of you, with only subtle mountains in the background as a backdrop. The sun beats down on the hot tar below your tires, and it shines up in your face, effectively blinding you if you look just the wrong way.These graphics, however, are a double-edged sword. While the game does by no means look great, this also allows for lower-end hardware to play the game, and play it well to boot. The game is not very demanding, and even lower-end configurations will not struggle to drive the game. On an NVIDIA GTX 970, paired with an Intel i7-5820k, I averaged 110fps throughout my gameplay. This is with everything maxed, and 400% scaling.The trucks look good, the backdrops hold up well, but the ground textures, building textures, and AI vehicles look lackluster for a game released in 2016. When put alongside another brand new release, like Rise of the Tomb Raider, you can clearly see that SCS Software was not out to achieve the best in graphical capabilities.American Truck Simulator is, at its heart, a simulation game. As such, it does this very, very well. Bar-none, it is the most realistic driving game available on PC, and likely available, period. That being said, the engine used in this game is the exact same engine in SCS Software's previous installment, Euro Truck Simulator 2.This means that while the simulation in this game is excellent, it's no better than the game before it. Granted, there's little room for improvement in the game, so I see no reason to fix what isn't broken here.Immediately starting the game, you'll find yourself dropped into a truck. On-screen prompts will walk you through the basics of the interface, and then you'll be on your way. This game has excellent gamepad and wheel support, and they should be a breeze to set up if you prefer it over kb+m. Once you're all set up, it's time to hit the road. You'll immediately notice how much weight you feel in your truck. The steering is heavy, the acceleration is a game of patience, and the laws of the road are ever-present, adding another layer of pressure while you're getting accustomed to your new big rig.Jobs will require you to take a trailer of contents from one location to the next, and your SatNav will indicate your route. This will be your guardian angel as you trek across the land. Below your SatNav, your miles-to-go is displayed, letting you know how much longer you have left in your drive. You'll need to be particularly mindful of your fuel, and your consciousness. As you drive, these two will drain. If you become too tired, you'll drift in and out of consciousness, and eventually pass out at the wheel, racking up fines as you drive while exhausted. If you run out of fuel, you'll find yourself dead in the water in the middle of the road, with your only option being to pay for a tow truck to the nearest rest stop. The world of American Truck Simulator boasts a plethora of winding roads, hills and dusty back roads to drive across. Each offers a distinct style of gameplay while you head towards your destination.American Truck Simulator™  is a fun game, hindered by a lack of content. While SCS Software plans to release additional trucks and states, in its current state, the game offers little more than a re-skin of its predecessor set in a not-so-interesting location. Fans of the previous game will definitely find many hours of enjoyment, but newcomers are definitely encouraged to look toward the previous title for their first foray into the truck simulation world. Small UI and gameplay improvements are a welcome addition, but it doesn't change enough to make it feel like a new game. With that said, however, it is priced competitively and fairly, and finds itself costing little more than the Scandinavia DLC for the previous game in the series."
,Recommended,270880,21253336,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,epsilonion,"This is my opinion of the game as it stands.After spending just a few hours in game this is what I think.If you liked ETS2 you will like this, it is exactly the same with a few added updates (apart from truck models).Whats the same?Driving is the same.Business management is the same (none existant).Graphics are the same, (LOD levels need tweeking for longer view distance in LOD 0 (closest on ultra settings)).Menus are the same.EverythingWhats new?New parking selection (skip, easy and slightly harder than easy).Weigh bridge (annoying pull in at weigh bridge, stop and press enter to pass).New locations to drop off at (not many new places to drop off at mind you).Police (basically speed cameras have been taken out and put in mobile cars).What could make the game better for me?More business managementOwn trailers (maybe drop off a trailer in your yard and get AI to complete job, just a suggestion).Change the map scale (takes no time at all to drive 1000 miles).Fix the AI from pulling out of junctions infront of me.Use a better materials for assets (mode detailed and more up to date).Police cars can detect you speeding on the other side of teh carrage way!!.is it worth £15?In my humble opinion YES BUT BUT more work needs doing on the engine itself to make the game more enjoyable to me I would like to see these two things.Owning trailers.More business management (thi is no 1)."
76561198163069943,Not Recommended,270880,21789815,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Autistic Functions,Such a disappointment!
,Recommended,270880,20939495,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,blaze72003,AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,270880,20933424,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,🔰 Pikachu298 🎮 csgomassive.com,"I wanted this game since it has been anounced, and now it finally released! Awesome sequel to Euro Truck Simulator 2, same game-engine but highly optimized with new features, and of course the U.S. map and trucks. It currently comes with 2 Trucks, made by Peterbilt and Kenwood, and the maps of Nevada and California. Developers confirmed that they will add more trucks and states soon! BIG RECOMMENDATION!"
11111222223333344,Recommended,270880,20942601,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Redcoat,"American Truck Simulator... Is it worth it?Review written on 04/02/16American Truck Simulator is basically Euro Truck Simulator 2, set in the West coast of the USA. So if you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator 2, you're probably not going to enjoy this Sim.General jist of the game (For New Players)So just like ETS2, you start off by creating your new, exciting delivery company and character. You then take on a few quick delivery jobs around California and Nevada (More states coming soon). Eventually, you can get loans which then allow you to purchase your own truck so you can do freight jobs where you use your own equipment. (You get more money for this)You can then upgrade your garage to allow more spaces for employees, buy more trucks and hire employees to make more money. There is a skill tree and as you level and progress through the game, you can unlock delivery jobs such as hauling Dynamite, gassess and whatnot.The ProsThe game is highly addictive if you're the type of person that gets satisfaction from a mundane task; it's the thought of developing your own company and working really hard to get by which is really fun. After quite a few hours on this game already, I can tell I'm quite hooked and I find that driving around isn't as boring as it looks.The driving is just as good as ETS2, the physics are really decent and it's pretty damn realistic. But then again, I'm not a truck driver, so how would I know?More content coming soon! This game only has 2 states so far and only two truck brands, but more is on the way, such as the Arizona state and a few more truck brands.The ConsThis game like every other Simulator, is a massive grind and I can see myself eventually getting bored or tired of repeating myself. But you've got to remember, it is a Simulator and you're supposed to work hard for little reward.The lack of states in this game is slightly dissapointing as you feel like there should be more places to go, however I found that after my current play time, I have seen a lot and there's still a lot to see. There are also only two car brands which is a shame as there's not much choice in what truck to buy at the start. It's 50/50 chance you'll get the same truck as me.Speed Limits! Every country has them, but God damn! I want to scream when I'm in a 55 Mph zone when you could clearly do 70! And don't get me started on the 30 Mph limit, it's so painful!ConclusionIf you fancy giving the game a go, why not? It's really good for the price of £14.99 and I'd reccommend at least trying it. Please remember, it is a Simulator and can be boring; if you're the type of person that just wants to get going immediately and shoot people, this isn't for you.I am enjoying the game a lot and had to force myself to come off so I could make the badge. I'm going to go to bed, wake up, go to college, go home, and play this all evening... Again."
,Not Recommended,270880,26255589,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Ruben Micoch,"Fun?  Sure.  Simulator?  Not really.While it's a fun game, I have this and Euro Truck 2, there's a lot that needs to be improved to the ""American"" roads in this game.  To me, it appears that they just re-used assets from Euro.  Which is fine unless you're actually familiar with American roadways...  I always assumed that these strange road designs were how Euro roads are, I've never been there so I don't know.  The fact that the same strange designs are in the American version just IRKS me.  I'm torn because I like the game but the fact that these exist just exudes a level of laziness by the devs.  Google street view exists!Short SHORT interstate on-ramps, at a 10% or better grade and end right at the top?!  Not realistic!  I'm doing (max) 20 mph at the top of the ramp trying to merge into 80mph traffic?  Holy hell batman.There are some ramps I have to cross into oncoming traffic to turn right onto because there's a guard rail right on the white line?  What the actual ♥♥♥♥?!  Who puts a guard rail on the inside of a flat corner people are going 5-10mph around???  Not realistic.Guard rails and Concrete medians/barriers that simply just start without the crumple pads?  Not realistic.Guard rails and Concrete medians/barriers that are literally RIGHT on the yellow line?  Not realistic.The stop lines in some intersections are out WAYYY too far.There are a ton of 80mph roads in American truck simulator and that's not realistic.  The highest limit in Cali is 70, Nevada and Arizona are 75.If you miss your exit, instead of the GPS actuallly re-routing you, it does nothing.  Basically tells you ""Hey, go back the other way"".  Like you're going to make a U-Turn on an interstate.Why are my brakes not set when I hop into a hired truck?I waffle on my recommendation for this game, I wish there was a sideways thumb for a ""maybe"".  I'd recommend if you don't care about it's complete disregard of American roadway accuracy...  This is a trucking game.  You'd think accurate roadways would have been top priority."
,Recommended,270880,20968631,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DanTheOutlaw,"Step up in detail from ETS2 especially in the impressive towns/cities that are infinitely more impressive than in ETS2. Las Vegas looks like Vegas, LA like LA and so on. I noticed that they have even paid attention to certain minor details like making sure the police in certain cities have the correct liveries on their vehicles. I hate the idea that we've only got two states to drive in as I'd love to explore the varied geography that the USA has to offer but I'm sure this will be improved with DLC within the next few months.If you liked ETS2 then I'd suggest this title, I understand the criticism that this is more or less a re-skin of the previous title but to me it feels very different and I prefer this game."
,Recommended,270880,21230747,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,RedFox,The best simulator game like Euro Truck Simulator 2. But American Truck Simulator is better I think :)
,Recommended,270880,20927969,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Seabass (The Human),"I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys an immersive experience.While I am not a car junky, I do enjoy driving across the country with only the sound of police sirens wailing as I breeze past them at a completely reasonable 90 miles per hour.When a fellow American decides to stop moving because there is a red light, I sometimes exercise my rights by pushing said bystander and their vehicle onto the side walk with my 10 tons of freedom.Sometimes people decide to slow down with a semi-truck behind them and you as the driver have to decide whether or not you will teach them a lesson or deal with a concussion as your truck flips 90 degrees and slides a quarter mile down the highway.You'll also experience crippling debt as you work literally 24 hours a day 7 days a week just to pay off the truck you purchased on money lended to you. Expect a greedy police officer around every corner to steal yet another $1,400 just for going a measly 40 mp/h above the speed limit.I love this game. It taught me to never become a truck driver or I would end up overdrafting my bank account 3 times a day 7 days a week, as well as suffer daily concussions due to my truck flipping at least twice a day."
,Not Recommended,270880,20951812,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trophium,"For 20 euros you get a demo. Do not buy. If you do, try horn. It's dead cow mooing.You can get 10 times more content in ETS 2 base game for the same price.In the end this game is going to cost more than ETS 2 with all buyable DLCs. Not looking good."
76561198051519520,Not Recommended,270880,31499026,Posted: 1 May,all,Pedro1509,"Welp...What to say...When you look the title of the Game you think that is a new 18WoS with the ETS2 engine right?But it is not,it does use the ETS2 engine,but the game is incomplete,very incomplete,Pre-Alpha state like since its release and it is 2017...The US have 50 states,this game have only 3,with New Mexico coming soon,they took all this time to make one state,and they will make you pay for it.If you really want to play a US version of the ETS2,buy this game and run it with the Coast to Coast mod,is what you can do right now...PS:Only buy this game if you have the Recomended requeriments machine,the minimum will not work,my PC run ETS2 without problems in HIGH Setting with 50FPS in cities,this game lag as hell in cities 20/25FPS and 50FPS in the Highway if there is not traffic...Athlon II X3 3,3GHz8GB RAMGTX750 1GB GDDR5"
76561198056998955,Not Recommended,270880,23521467,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SuperBee,Please fix the FPS issues in  Arizona  the game is using less than 50 % of my GPU (GTX 960 SC) and CPU (i5 @ 3.5 ghz) but getting less than 20 fps around Highway intersections and in cities. Im not recommended to anyone until fixed
,Recommended,270880,20974142,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Matapacku,This game is very nice! I like that! This is best game from SCS software thank you for your games! :)
,Recommended,270880,20974204,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rinse 'N' Spin,"Absolutely amazing game. So much potential, just as Euro Truck Simulator 2 has. Looking forward to lots of DLC."
,Recommended,270880,20973179,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,LaMolli,One of the Best Simulations ive ever played and it will be supported by SCS for so Long :D
76561197970715252,Recommended,270880,20973126,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AintJaMama (Joe),"Long time fan of ETS2, and I have to say I've really enjoyed what I've played of ATS.  Sure it's not as large as ETS2, but that's an unfair comparison when I consider how far ETS2 has come (as a result of developers and fans).  Considering the fact that  ETS2 is still growing, I can only imagine what ATS will look like in time.That said, there is more than enough content and polish already present in ATS for me to recoomend it.  If you've played ETS2 or are a fan our simulation games, then you have to take a look at ATS.  It's a great game that will give you a solid return of entertainment for your money.Do yourself a favor and take the plunge!"
76561198041681580,Recommended,270880,22715440,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,older than dirt,"I love this game as I did European Truck Simulator 2. While the map is small for now when looking at the whole of the U.S., I am confident the devs will deliver as their reputation is an example many other developers (including big name ones) should aspire to.The biggest compliment I can give is that despite constant nerve pain in my hand when using a controller, I play this game and thoroughly enjoy it!Breaker Breaker 1-9, we got a county mounty at the 156 mile marker taking pictures.  :)"
,Not Recommended,270880,33896504,Posted: 29 July,all,Ø Τhe Яaven Æ,I have to say I have not put alot of hours into this game. The only reason I got this game was because of ETS2 [Euro Truck Simulator 2] which was an amazing game. I thought this game would be alot of fun but I only learn to have California Nevada and Arizona to begin with and to find out New Mexico was going to come out in the future just did not apeal to me. I only put in about 2 hours and thats becaue to me it just seams empty not to say it is still in development but to me I feel like more should be brought to this game like ETS 2. Now just because I gave it the thumbs down does not mean you may not like it.
,Recommended,270880,20973826,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mlafferty1993,"OK where to begin, This game is awesome. I have come over from ETS 2 so i knew what to expect and what not to expect. There is not alot of difference in the games, but then again is there truely alot of difference in driving big rigs in Europe and North America? You move cargo from this city to that city for a transportation fee. On the flip side youve promised to transport it and delieve it as youve picked it up or you face penalties.Now as ive seen people complain a little bit about lack of content. You are very much right, there isn't alot here.. YET..i think if we can expect half of the love the SCS has put into ETS 2 we will be more than pleased. And for those that say they dont want the DLC's and for content to be thrown in for free, Realize that SCS has released this in knowing there wasnt alot and have adjusted the price accordingly. $20 is not a bad price and i was more than happy to pay. i believe as the game is, it is worth $20.  I personally will be willing to pay for Reigons (the mountain states, the midwestern states, the east coast) and different trucks (although i believe they will be added in free of charge)So as a final verdict, I give this game a solid 7/10The game is what they say it is, and this score will rise once the rest of the game has fleshed out more in reigons and trucks."
,Recommended,270880,21261849,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,McHouger,"──────▄▌█▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌───▄▄██▌█ +REP +REP +REP +REP +REP +REP +REP █▄▄▄▌▐██▌█ +REP +REP +REP +REP +REP +REP +REP ████████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄​▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█▀▀▀(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀​▀▀▀▀(@)▀▀It´s almost same game like ETS2, only differences is at trucks and some more litle things.+graphic of this game is more better than at ETS2, you can see more details at map. Like helicopters, trains, boats... landscape is simply just a lot more sophisticated than in ETS2.-map is so small but SCS Software promised they will add some more states and trucks too soon, like Kenworth W900 last week.Game is created by Czech creators (SCS Software) and I´m too from Czech Republic so I´m sorry for my English, you can maybe find some mistakes in this review.For CZ/SK only:Pokud jsi z Česka nebo Slovenska, doporučuji si projít tento návod (tento návod jsem nevytvořil)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=625552259This guide is for CZ/SK guys only so please dont hate me or the author of that guide."
,Recommended,270880,21262622,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Evz™,Freedom mixed with the cool crisp open road. 11/10 will murder a prostitue.
,Recommended,270880,21908935,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Daggie | TFM,"The game is amazing! If you have the PC power you will appreciate the graphics in game, gameplay is smooth with little to no freezing, even after trying on a lower end PC. The only thing I wish is that SCS worked a bit harder on getting more trucks into the game before release. Other than that great game and I would recomned 10/10!"
,Recommended,270880,21254976,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,"maxed out my bank credit to hire 2 drivers, get em the cheapest truck, then blew the rest on the w900 for me.10/10 best loan repayment sim"
76561198261439547,Not Recommended,270880,22114035,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,★Officer Shorty Shorts★,NO not enough of the trucks
76561198057998649,Not Recommended,270880,20983071,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,k2jlb,This game sucks!
,Not Recommended,270880,20980366,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,alaskanrocketslapper,"I didn't even know I was in california half the time, and I live in california! that should tell u something"
,Recommended,270880,20921049,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SecondPixel,"I think it needs more trucks, otherwise it runs very good on a good pc. I enjoy playing with my steering wheel it makes it much easier to drive. The graphic are amazing, from the fog on the golden gate bridge to every crack in the road this game just looks truly great. So overall besides for the low amount of trucks at launch this game is 8/9."
,Recommended,270880,20941430,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sujieun🥇,Just Like ETS But in Murica!But with better roads and systemsWhere I don't run into a wall because the roads in EU decides to become a 1 lane highway out of nowhere....Once all the DLC for the whole NA comes out (or mods) this will be the best sim ever!
76561198048317239,Not Recommended,270880,32745073,Posted: 24 June,all,onlyzeros,It's just a copy of Euro Truck Simulator 2 but in America with better graphics. I love ETS2 and this should have been a DLC for it.  America has 50 states but this game has only 3?
76561198076100638,Recommended,270880,20918737,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TRANSPORTER,Looking forward to more content.
,Recommended,270880,20944013,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Joey,"The amount of prius's and mustangs is realistic.The placement of freeways and cities is not perfect.Desert everywhere.There are stop signs at traffic lights in san diego,"
,Not Recommended,270880,33124531,Posted: 2 July,all,MmT.oZ,"Only has california , nevada and arizona after 1 year and 5 months have passed. Disappointed."
,Recommended,270880,21224537,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,FoxTwo,"Short version - Like Eurotruck Simulator 2, except in America. If you liked ETS2, you'll like ATS.As is, at release, the ATS map is pretty darn small, averaging 600 to 700 miles end-to-end. Yeah if I manually configure the SatNav to go into smaller, undiscovered roads, I might get 900 miles... maybe.Personally, I somehow find that American important locations in towns and cities, as depicted in the game, are spread too far apart. You can drive a couple of minutes to get to the company you want to take a job for, or to get to a service centre to get your truck repaired/upgraded. This eats into you ""awake time"" in the game, and you start yawning very quickly (to me) while on the road.Plus, rest stops seem to be rather scarce in America when compared to Europe. Good thing is, you don't get fined for not sleeping. Speed limit signs are almost non-existent. Woe be to you if you were in the process of slowing down from 70 to 30 when approaching a city, and a cop car happens to pass you - you get fined.....EVEN WHEN YOU'RE SLOWING DOWN.On the up-side - No speed cameras :)"
76561198034824906,Recommended,270880,21293884,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,trancemobile,"If ya like simulators, and truck driving, this game is awesome!!Great graphics, scenery across the country in full detail, and the handling is right on too!.A cool simulator that lets you have a character to upgrade, comapnies to be hired by or own your own, and numerous vehicles and upgrades to choose from. Not your tyoical simulator that only holds you at driving.Very challenging at times as well."
,Recommended,270880,21195292,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nook,"Methhead employees, 12/10 would emply again"
,Not Recommended,270880,21115817,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Obi-Juan Bonomi,"(10/02/16)  I like this game, buy I cant recommend the actual version because it is simply unfinished. The game is certainly not what they say they sell, you can only drive around 2 states: California and Nevada. Furthermore only 2 models of truck are available. Cant recommend this game right now, 20 USD for a 1gb game isnt logical.(11/05/17) Game isnt finnished yet and they´ve already launched paid dlc´s..."
,Recommended,270880,21001404,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Vakarian,I have dreams and nightmares about this game. 10/10
76561198009190916,Not Recommended,270880,21619444,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Biggamer,"Wow people are making this game out to be the best game of 2016 for sim games already. Come on 10/10. This game is far from even being a 4 out of 10. A month in and the game gets worst. The put in street lights and leave stop signs so the cars stop at the green light waiting to go??? Buses still go 25 under the highway speeds. Highway signs are on the wrong side of highway still. Cars are still floating in air. They are selling it as a new game but 3 years later it is the same no differnce but US. Is it a sim or car game. Now you can turn off traffic tickets wow. Maybe they should have hired someone that understand USA driving. Cop cars was a great thing in this game and turned it into a great sim but you can now turn it off. Maybe you should have just put reduce speed signs up like we have in USA but you do not understand why we got upset with that. You are selling a game to the US market and do not understand the US market. In US we like a full game and this is far from that.If the game was about money you got it out, missed out on millions of $ and all you had to do is waiting a few more months. I would have added some other trucks and a 4 or 5 more states at first then sold it for 28.99 and paid for you're programers to build the rest of the game.  Someone should be fired for this one. It is the most unpolished game I seen in awhile. This is like calling a plumber in to fix you toilet and he does not test and flush it to see if it works and leaves you take a crap and man that stinks, just like the game does now. You rep is on the line with people now. I bought the game because I like SCS software and ETS brand, this game is nothing new after 3 years. Pretty disappointed  in this game."
76561198006220226,Recommended,270880,20928314,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,The Djubre,"Great game, maybe too familiar to ets 2 but overall great game. Also in future when this game get more trucks,states and updates will be n1 simulation of all time for truckers :)"
76561198361221683,Recommended,270880,33608489,Posted: 17 July,all,Andre Macassi,"Treal T.V. Rating: Dump truck booty, rump plump cutie."
,Recommended,270880,20921534,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Malk,All the greatness of ETS2 with a whole new fresh continent - albeit starting with 2 states. The price is perfect and the future (if the history of ETS2 is anything to go by) for ATS is very very bright.If you enjoyed ETS2 then you won't regret ATS for one moment!
76561197990340219,Recommended,270880,20988797,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,lVladdog=VX9=,best truck simulator
76561198167743024,Recommended,270880,20988761,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mickayleh,Game of the year right here
,Recommended,270880,20971411,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,H.P.L™ CEO | iMYRES™,excellent game scs have done well yet again keep up the amazing work guys
,Recommended,270880,20920484,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Max,Best trucking simulator ever made :P
76561198352721207,Recommended,270880,28915612,Posted: 1 January,all,bgallant123,how come i can not to world of trucks
76561198238525522,Recommended,270880,22244744,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,D13S3L77,This game is fun for anyone who loves simulators and may want to become a truck driver in the future this game is really fun.
76561198126635758,Recommended,270880,20945234,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sharkkiller,"I like that there's cop's, and the truck handles beter then ETS, and theres amarican cars now, they will add more states and trucks in the new update and they will be for FREE, don't listen to the negitive reviews, this is a good game"
76561198029133601,Recommended,270880,21058418,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DarkHawkGames,"I'm not really sure what there is to say about American Truck Simulator. It's a game that shouldn't be enjoyable to anyone except a 'niche' of simulator fans, but somehow it's just...captivating. Maybe I get too into it, but there isn't anything quite as relaxing as just driving down the highway listening to internet radio (via a feature in the game that allows you to) and just watching America roll by. Right now, it's just California and Nevada, which makes the game world feel a bit smaller and less varied than it's predecessor, Euro Truck Simulator 2. Arizona is being built, however, and planned as free DLC when it is finished."
,Not Recommended,270880,23875629,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,✪ datguyputte 💪,Its just a small part off America and I think that is a rip off. But I dont know if they are expanding but for the moment you are getting riped off and its not worth the price until they expand it.
,Not Recommended,270880,24693554,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MNst0rms,"Fix cars hitting you at tolls, traffic lights, cops, and speed limits!"
76561198128565463,Recommended,270880,21482929,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,onna,This simulator is beautiful. I recommend if you have your heart stuck to any driving simulations!
,Recommended,270880,21252967,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,FlightSimBoy,"This game isn't perfect, but it's damn near close.The immersion of this game is quite awesome. The level of control over the settings and key bindings make it even more awesome. If you're like me and have a wheel ( I have a DFGT) it adds a different level of the game that you truly have to experience.A few gripes I have, as everyone has already been addressing: Right turn on red. Being able to make a right turn on red is a staple of driving culture here in the United States. Everyone does it. It's safe to do, provided you actually look to see if anyone is coming, and shaves precious seconds or even minutes off of your driving time... I'd like to see that implemented a little better in the game. Also...... Speed fines. Yes, it is well known that speeding tickets are a prime source of revenue generation for law enforcement here in the US, however speeding tickets for going less than 5 over are almost non-existant, at least in my neck of the woods anyway.To sum it all up, this game is worth every penny. It's fun. It's interesting. It's a good way to spend time. I can't wait to see more states implemented, especially the east coast. I want to see how West Virginia looks in the game."
,Recommended,270880,20944518,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bacon Brad,"No crank, no lot lizards, and all the NPCs are using turn signals. This game has failed to capture an authentic American trucking experience."
,Recommended,270880,21229051,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,robander1073,Its a decent game. Alot like ETS2 but still a good game. Wish they would expand into different states though.
,Recommended,270880,21219782,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,pastadenton,Game is good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,270880,21187052,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,=ADK=DoWin,I love this game.
76561198015267717,Recommended,270880,21214184,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,JDCS,"I come from ETS2 and i  have a low end pc so i think there was an improovement on graphic detail and fps wich gives you a very good gameplay. I like the phisics of the trucks but i think that some parts of the california map are not very well scaled. Its pretty much a copy of ETS 2 with better graphics, different map and different truck, Most of the edition in files are just the same as the ETS 2 game. So if you look for a big step of improovement, this is not it! But if you are a Truck Driver fancier and have played all the series games, i do recomend!"
,Recommended,270880,21237025,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,afterliife.,"If you have played ETS2, you know what to expect, it's pretty much the same game, with some more features, a completely different map and set of trucks.This game, even tho it's technicly exactly the same as ETS2 it feels a lot different, bigger and more realistic cities is what was missing from ETS2, and here it is now in ATS!Lovely game, if you like trucks and you like ETS2, ATS is the perfect game for you! :)"
,Recommended,270880,21282245,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,♘ Grim ♘,As a long time truck driver i got say i really love this game.. I cant wait for something where i can roll my rig with my budys..
76561198257705602,Recommended,270880,21309738,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ALLENjr12 ™,very fun!!!!
,Recommended,270880,21454195,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Daveed,"Now, I came into this game with the same mindset as most others. I figured it would be a reskin of ETS2. Boy was I wrong, however. American Truck Simulator has a completely different feel than ETS2. The menus may be the same, but the trucks are big, brash, and tower over all of the other cars unlike in ETS2. The trailers are much longer, giving it a new challenge that I didn't face in ETS2. The map may be small, but there are many intricate details that make it fun to drive on with every delivery. I highly reccommend this game to anybody new to the driving simulator scene, or a veteran looking for a new way to experience driving."
76561198053617600,Recommended,270880,21968200,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,BEPIS,way of the road.
,Recommended,270880,22124249,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Strato,The graphics are awesomeThe trucks are awesomeThe truck customization is awesomeThe maps are awesomeThe road to Eureka is awesomeThe multiplayer plugin is awesomeThe drivers on the wrong side of the road in multiplayer are not awesomeThe cops are not awesome10/10 - Would plow Peterbilt 579 into cop car again
,Recommended,270880,22123134,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,D347H2,"You have to like the game for the mere fact that it is SCS Software and the game is still being developed which is why I can't really give a good or a bad review.Right now, the game has some bug issues that do need worked outPolice ticketing you: Ok the traffic is going much faster than I am. Say the speed limit is 55, and other traffic is going 70 including the cop, you'll get a ticket which makes no sense. They need to fix that.The GPS: It seems to be weirding out all of the sudden making it mark roads on the other side of the road. For instance, if you go on an off ramp, it will show it on the other side of the road as well to go on the other side of the road to get onto this ramp. Need to fix your GPS.Cars running into you: I've had this happen MANY times now when I am at a red light and a car will hit my truck causing me to have to pay for it. I've had cars come off of an on ramp and run right into my truck causing me to, again, pay for the fine. I've had cars in the passing lane run right into my truck for no apparent reason causing me to pay the fine. This starts♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off when you're trying to earn money and you're now racking up a repair bill.Customization of your truck: This game needs a bit more when it comes to customizing your ride. All though, this isn't a major issue or anything, this is something that would be just nice to have.Graphics: I run this game on full settings but the graphics seem a bit grainy for me. All though it isn't bad at all, it's just something they need to work on.Controls: I run this game with a keyboard, always have. The turning is great in this game. The braking is a bit weird from Euro Truck. But, all in all, it's great.Job: Considering this game is still in development I have not much to say other than it needs more to do in the game. So, still waiting for major updates as the map is extremely small compared to Euro Truck.The game engine: It seems they haven't done much improvements as far as the games engine goes for graphical settings. It seems to use the Euro Truck engine.I'll rewrite this review when they start adding more to the game so I can give a proper review. All in all, it is worth the money to me. Great game.My system specs:Processor: AMD 6300 FX (3.5 GHz 6 core)RAM: 8 GB DDR3 Corsair VengeanceVideo: eVGA 750 Ti 2 GB FTWGame runs at a crisp 60 FPS with a few minor drops to 58 here and there."
76561198007283698,Recommended,270880,21231100,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,daddie93,I am having so much fun driving in this game. I wonder if it would be possible to play as the police and be able to pull others over such as AI cars for bad driving and also other truckers.Seeing how I keep getting speeding tickets for quick speed changes and a cop car being right behind me. I f this game is going to be multiplayer I think being able to use the squad car and do some Highway Patrol would be a hoot! Awesome game( DRIVING JOB) I LOVE IT!  The detail is just so AWESOME!
,Recommended,270880,21186468,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ronnietucker,"Easily as good as ETS2.US driving regulations take a bit of getting used to (ie: traffic lights and speeding fines) and the map is (initially) a bit small, but it's still a great game.Will definitely be looking out for new states to be added."
,Recommended,270880,21229446,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GiacomoLaw,A really good and relaxing game! I would certanily get it if your into simulation games!
,Recommended,270880,21263019,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Rhomega,"I want to preface this by saying it's not just a game, it's an investment. Yes, there's only 3 trucks (with another on the way) and 2 states (with Arizona on the way), but I knew this well in advance. In fact, the game was originally just going to be California.Like Euro Truck Simulator 2, this game is relaxing way to pass the time, see the country, and learn about it, albeit on a scaled down version. This game does a bit more than ETS 2 by recreating some locations and buildings. The cities are bigger, and some towns are so small they barely exist outside a gas station/rest area and a job site. Not every city has a garage and employment agency, so it won't be as easy to make money. Still plenty of truck customization options. Each truck has its own set of unique paintjobs too. Trailers can get longer, and on top of the longer cabs, you will have to figure out manuvering around corners. There's also multiple options for parking (and you can set it to always easy or hard in the Options). Police cars now roam the streets, so speed limits will be more enforced, and they're not as bad as they were in the beginning. Mod support has been immediate (and signs of going to Steam Workshop too).I'm going to keep on trucking, building up my company, leveling up to upgrade my truck, and waiting for new states to unlock and trucks to buy so I can go from sea to shining sea."
76561198110266203,Recommended,270880,21284375,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,AvidGamer51,I'm totally attictied to this game! 9/10 stars. I can't wait till more trucks are added and states!
76561197988450447,Recommended,270880,21194764,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,woodsmithe77,Great fun. i like the aspect of building a business. the right turns on red light and the speed limits are a bit glitchy and need some fixing. But an uber fun game... lots mor ecustomization and used truck market would be great. But as a trucker I gotta say....Let them truckers roll!!!!
76561197984503913,Recommended,270880,21569577,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SKINZ,I ♥♥♥♥ED YOUR FAT UGLY C.UNTY MOTHER
76561198042122452,Not Recommended,270880,21371660,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Phil,"After 980 hours in ETS2 with a High end PC and G27 Wheel setup I feel I have the right to comment on this game.I feel let down. I purchased this to support SCS. The map is only 25% the size I was expecting. The Free DLC map extension is a sign to me that they panicked at the last moment, and it is much too small as well.They have had years to sort out the deals with the manufactures but still only 2 Trucks and a rehash of another.The scale is wrong.Even the Driver pics are the same.I will be more carefull with my money in future SCS !!!!!!!"
,Recommended,270880,20979252,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Festmache,"As a fan of Euro Truck Simulator 2, I really like American Truck Simulator after 20 hours of playing.Compared to ETS2, there are some new game elements such as roaming police cars (giving speeding tickets if they're near you) and different parking possibilities (harder spots for more XP or easier spots for less XP).However, by far the biggest difference is the world map. Although it isn't very large yet (only California and Nevada for now), it is beautifully designed. Both cities and remote areas (e.g. in Nevada) feel much more authentic compared to ETS2.Mostly the same gameplay, yet in a beautiful new world with the promise of many (paid) map expansions to come... Highly recommended for fellow ETS2 fans."
76561198045679159,Recommended,270880,21186333,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SurpriseButtseks,GOT it for the first time.. so exiceted so i took my first job. been driving for about 3 mins.. then i saw a car stop infront of me facign other direction. i was puzzled .. then i realise that ive been driving on the wrong side of the road the whole time.. (live in europe) haha 10/10 wud crash again
76561198035649497,Not Recommended,270880,21789567,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,jimvickery,"I really want to leave a positive review for this game and recommend it to others.  I really do.  But after force re-starting my computer for the umpteenth time after trying to launch, I just can't.  This is my biggest gripe about the whole game.Here are my specs:Intel i7 - 2600K 3.4 GHzRAM 16.0 GB64 bit x64 windows 10 (boy do I miss windows 7 tho)AMD Radeon HD 6900All drivers are up do date.The problem is this - roughly every third or fourth time I try to load a saved game, the game freezes.  I can still hear music, but I can't even ctrl-alt-del out of the game to force close it, it completely freezes my computer and forces me to do a hard reboot, which I hate.  Sometimes when I go back in the game after a re-boot it says there was an error and says reasons have to do with mods.I have absolutely no mods on this game.  I have only the game I purchased and the updates SCS software did with the new truck.If they ever fix this I will absolutely change my review to recommend this game, as when it works it is loads of fun.  I had never played ETS2 so I couldn't compare this to that, my gripes about in-game playing would be fines way too high and double if a cop sees you run a red light or hit someone (like it's more illegal if a cop sees you do it) but enforcement can now be turned off.I do hate the stop lights in the middle of the interstate...and why they put spawn points for AI vehicles at a T junction to an interstate I'll never know.  The only way to actually get on the interstate from here is to pull out, slowly, in front of traffic and force them to stop.Also the wheels of the truck while turning only turn the full degrees while stopped, not sure what that's about.When you hire drivers and they 'couldn't find a job, $950 in fuel costs', seems odd that they don't know how to use a phone or the internet.  If SCS wants to limit funds I think it would be more realistic to have a message say, 'XXX called in sick today and could not work'.For some reason, regardless if you are in NV or CA, you seem to be driving uphill both ways.  This could be just me.For the pros:Graphics are amazing.I like the progression to higher levels, more money per level, unlocks to truck upgrades and paint jobs.Having driven thru CA and NV, the realism for the terrain and landmarks are great, I can't wait for other states to be added.TLDR:  I would recommend if I didn't have to force re-boot my computer every day."
,Recommended,270880,20980636,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Captain Trips,"Very good game. The open road, the lights of the city, the smell of burnt rubber; yes, American Truck Simulator is truly an amazing game. Whether you want to work for the man, and drive trucks around, making your pay, or maybe you want to fulfill your dreams of owning your own trucking company, yes, you can."
,Recommended,270880,21192634,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SorynOfficial©®,A game even quite successful in graphics engine.
76561198041808542,Recommended,270880,21040536,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,unclefreddy,"So I decided that my Haulage company, Freddytrux, should start trading in the US of A. Well I must say that this English upstart, Freddytrux USA, has been finding trading conditions slightly difficult. Oh to be able to import a good old Swedish Volvo instead of the insipid Kenworth or Peterbilt trucks. Hopefully as Freddytrux USA grows then the options on the available trucks will become better.The rozzers, or as the locals call them, the cops, seem to be incredibly mean handing out all sorts of traffic offence fines or insistant demands to be weighed. (sorry officer, I need to cut down on the pork pies.) And then there's the rather strange affair of vehicles turning right on a red light, pray tell, what is that all about? I guess it's legal though, because no rozzers have issued a demand on Freddytrux USA's limited funds for it.The user interface will be familiar to ETS2 players, but I did get caught out on the delivery procedure a couple of times, as that is new to ATS, but that's my own fault for skipping the tutorial bit about it. I wanted to crack on and get my Kenworth rolling.The scenery looks kind of nice despite running the game on a toaster spec laptop, and surprisingly the game tends to run smoothly with only minimal lagging. I'm guessing that some creative licence has been used in much the same way as ETS2. So far only California and Nevada are covered with Arizona coming soon, LA to The Big Apple hauls could be a while yet.There are some improvements that could be made, more trucks to choose from and more states to drive through although my understanding is that these issues a currently being looked at. And how I would love to be able to import my cabover Volvo FH16 GlobetrotterXL from ETS2.ATS is still recommended by me though. It's as immersive as ETS2 with new trucks to drive and new roads to explore. Must run, I have a cargo of frozen fruit needed in LA. Never fear, Freddytrux USA is here.(30th Dec '16) Arizona is now included and has been for some time, now you can visit the Grand Canyon by truck, take a detour for some sightseeing. The Vovo FH16 Globetrotter XL is in too, that one is on the workshop as are a couple of other US and European types. Since I wrote my original review there have been several updates and the aforementioned Workshop support for a range of easy to add Mods of all manners.I still recommend ATS, Freddytrux USA is expanding, slowly for sure but expansion is coming along. Well I really should get on. ""Gasolene"" to the Americans, Petrol to me, is needed Tucson way. Once more unto the breach go Freddytrux USA. Why U-Haul when Freddytrucks can take the load."
,Not Recommended,270880,21287783,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,aspritchett,i wood like it tobe more like rele life i wood like to have more responsibility to the trucks and i wood like to get out of the truck and do evrey thang a trucker dus if you cod add this stuf ill like it but for now
76561198053565004,Recommended,270880,20980027,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,goldentail82,"If you like Euro Truck Simulator, then your going to enjoy this one.  I've played the crap out of ETS2 and so far I've been enjoying this one just as much as the other.  There are pros and cons to this one, but I understand that things can be adjusted as time goes on like ETS2.Pros--Trafic AI is way better.  They will stop if your in the middle of turning out into trafic.  This is very helpful when hauling those really big loads.-The trucks sound really great.  Will be looking forward to seeing some older trucks that have great sound like my father's truck did.-The game seems to be more alive with the foot trafic moving around the different areas.-Almost the same UI.  This makes it easy to go from ETS2 to ATS with little to no problems learning the game.  The UI in both are easy to use.Cons--The fines are a little bit much.-No notice of speed zone changes in a lot of areas which leads to speeding fines...."
76561198173990529,Recommended,270880,21039837,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,rookie31st,"For any U.S. resident, it is special fun to drive in the United States. So it is for me. I did not buy ETS2 because it is Europe and I have enough of it in Scania Truck Driving Simulator.While ATS was released with several annoying bugs and oversights, almost everything was fixed and map scale has been increased from 1:35 to 1:20 with version 1.5 released on December 12th. The game world is now almost twice larger and even more beautiful! it is a great game for anyone interested in this genre.Long time ETS2 players might be a bit dissapointed by small number of enhancements, but everything is new to me and I am having fun. Hope SCS will keep doing great job."
76561198083868720,Recommended,270880,21054355,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,bnsf_50,"I absolutely love this Sim.  The roads are easy to drive and the trucks sound great,  lots of power,  once you can upgrade to a larger engine after you reach level 18.  I played it non stop from Tuesday at 10:00 Am when I DL'ed it to Thu with only just a few hours sleep.  I couldn't put it down.  I highly recommend ATS to anybody that likes driving Sim's.That being said they did get some of the roads wrong.  The I5 between Bakersfield and LA, known as the Grapevine,should have a 6% grade both north and south.  Also 58 east from Bakersfield to Tehachapi should be freeway and also has a 6% grade on it going east until you get to Tehachapi.  It's the sierra Nevada mountain range that is being traversed in both cases.  As California is not flat like some people think.  Hopefully these things will be fixed in a future update."
,Recommended,270880,21090795,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,"""new ***** name""",yes
76561198060374652,Recommended,270880,20943919,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bourgeois67,I think ats 8s a really good game. it has the same game engine as ets2 but it's a really good game for the price. if you like drink in the United states this is the game is for you. the graphics are awsome and etc I really hope you guys like this game like I do
76561198259774327,Not Recommended,270880,20977492,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Santino1271,Game keeps crashing very un exceptable wish i didnt spend 20$ on this
,Recommended,270880,20986391,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MAXimized,"Very great improvement from ETS2!SCS Software really upped their game with this one. The buildings, scenery, vehicles, and roadside objects look even better. They went so far that they even implemented the box vans that UPS and FedEx use ito the game! The gameplay is hands down amazing. The trucks look EXTREMELY realistic and they drive like the real thing (if you're using a steering wheel). The sounds are also spot on.One thing I really like is the implementation of police cruisers that will surprise you and sound their siren when you try the old speed-on-the-highway move from ETS2.Long story short: ATS = ETS2 x 9000 + MERICA!"
,Recommended,270880,21011661,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MD88,"This one is a big improvement from Euro Truck Simulator 2 regarding the scenery and truck modelling. Is similar in functionality, but is still worth every cent."
,Recommended,270880,21039458,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Darth Plasma,"I don't understand why people don't like this game. SCS did a great job on this game, the scenery is incredible, and all I need to say is, be patient with this game. It may be a while before Arizona DLC comes out, but I don't mind waiting, because I have Nevada and California to enjoy! I do like this game a lot better than ETS2."
76561198141724794,Not Recommended,270880,21064626,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,japoke105,"So after a few hours of playing this game i can say that I am a tad bit disappointed for a few reasons. The first of which being my initial expectations, I was expecting this game to be a throwback almost to the 18WOS: American long haul game which I killed so many hours on trucking across the US and canada, but when I log in all I see is 2 states, about 48 short of what I was expecting. On top of that the game feels like a reskinned ETS with different music, I get that its easier to make the new game like that, but I feel this game came out with about 4% of what it should have and that im going to have to pay more on DLC's to get the rest of the 96, and if thats the case, then shame on the developers. The only way I could reasonably recommend this game to anyone is if they havent played ETS yet, that way they aren't as let down as I was"
76561198149171379,Recommended,270880,20949634,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Luke's Haulage (LH)-(UK),Fantastic Game would Recommend to anyone :)
,Recommended,270880,21007446,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mr. Bear,so beautiful and relaxing and its better than ets2
76561198091677761,Recommended,270880,20975033,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,hedinw,"Love it. The graphics is awesome, i love the ""American style"". I would like if they added more trucks in future."
,Recommended,270880,20984916,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Night★Fury Warrior ᕦ(>Ꮂ<)ᕥ,"This game is really fun! A bit dissapointing that there's only two trucks and two states at the moment, but hopefully that'll get updated soon! A problem I did have to begin with is the fact that there's no speed signs. Is that how it is in America IRL? (I'm Australian, there's speed signs everywhere here) But once I got used to where the speed changed, it wasn't too bad.Aside from some minor glitches I've found (Like headlights shining through bridges) the game is brilliant. Feels odd, since it looks visually similar to ETS2, but I like the change of scenery.Now we need a Truck Simulator by SCS based in Australia/New Zealand. Road Trains, B-Doubles, European and American trucks, city, desert, country, etc. That would be cool! (Oceanic Truck Simulator since calling it ATS would get confusing with this game XD)"
76561198088103954,Recommended,270880,20991775,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Fireproof101,This game makes me want to play ETS2.
76561198011358683,Recommended,270880,21015871,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Richards.D,"I have over 100 hrs on ETS2, so I thought I'd write about my experiences with ATS.I live in Canada, so playing ETS2 was fun, but I had no clue whether or not what I was seeing was realistic or authentic. Now, since Canada and the US have very similar city layouts and stores, I was able to judge more ffectively whether or not what I was seeing was convincing. I was delivering a load and saw I was taking it to a grocery store. A big name grocery store, exactly like the ones I've seen accross the US and Canada. Something about this rather mundane experience seemed so immersive and realistic.The building of the store, the parking lot out front, and the loading dock in the back.Now to address the criticism of the lack of content. I do not fault them one bit. I don't want to steal the words of Daniel Hardcastle (Nerd3) so I'll summarize his explanation in this review, as he framed it in the most convincing manner I have heard yet. ETS2 has 2 previous games worth of content behind it, ETS and German Truck Simulator. This is a completely new venture, and the cities are much more fleshed out than in ETS2. So whereas only a few cities actually had many roads, now even smaller cities have a ton of roads and actual area you can drive around in, as opposed to seeing the rest in the distance.At the end of the day, it is NOT a revolutionary change from ETS2. But to anyone who complains of that, I have no idea what you were expecting.Overall, it's a good looking, reasonably priced and actively developing game and I can't be more excited for the future!"
76561198075523846,Recommended,270880,21058671,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,SGT. Renegades,"American Truck Simulator is similar to Euro Truck Simulator 2, but better, Why? ATS acts the same as ETS2, but set in America, driving full on American Trucks!Gameplay (Pros)Now, before the hate comments come in about ATS being the same as ETS2, but set in America. I do agree but alot more, relaxing and more interesting. Now, ATS has 2 states; California and Nevada, Not alot but there is so much to explore and MUCH more detail than pervious SCS games. The cities are more bigger and detailed than ETS2, the environment is stunning and more alive. Like I remember, doing a quick job in Las Vegas I looked over to my right and, there were kids playing at skate park!Environment (Pros)Okay, the scenary is beautiful! Driving through the Nevada desert in my owned Peterbilt, going around Cali is stunning. The amount of detail on this game is amazing. The roads look more rotten and dusty, seeing tumbleweed crossing the roads, birds or whatever they're roaming the skies. Okay, now the cities, what can I say about them? Let me say something; the cities are alot more detailed than ETS2. Like, seriously, then building look more rotten and dirty, there are alot more freedom in them. And more challenging parking areas to manouver your trailer, and with the nose at the front, you're going to hit alot of walls if you don't be careful enough!Eddy's is by far the hardest place to park! Like, Seriously, try and park that trailer behind that wall without hitting anything!Trucks (Pros)Okay, there are only 2 trucks in the game, in whiched they're fully licensed trucks.There are; Peterbilt and Kenworth. Both are good looking trucks and are good starting trucks. I can't tell you much about them, but they're ""Worth"" a try. ;)Okay, now on to Cons.Gameplay(Con)The gameplay acts the same way as ETS2. Get a load, drive it to your destination, unload, BAM DONE! Not only that but, the map isn't that big at all. There are only 2 states in the game; California and Nevada, which isn't impressive, at all. The roads and scenary are a straight copy and paste of the Scandinavia DLC from ETS2. The cities are the same but, bigger and detailed, in fact, there are cities that only have ONE company in it! ONE!Environment (Con)As I said, the environment is a straight COPY AND PASTE of the Scandinavia DLC! Like, seriously, they never put any effort into a new game! Speaking of new game, this should of being a DLC for ETS2. The same game, but with a improved game engine, which is only polished and the same.Trucks (Con)On launch, I was hoping for more than 4 trucks but, there are only 2! Yea, you heard me, 2 trucks! The brands are; Peterbilt and Kenworth and they're boring, to keep on driving over, over and over again!Anyway, that is my review on ATS or American Truck Simulator.This is my honest review on what I think ATS is! But any how, keep on trucking! ;)"
,Not Recommended,270880,21111117,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BirbCario,"Really? This game is such a disapointment i was hoping to have a realistic game to play, not only are the hit boxes to big but the speed limits arent even right (at least in vegas) nor are the laws and you get speeding tickets far far far to fast even if you're doing what the A.I is doing Euro Truck is far better then this game i could play that all day but this game? it pisses me off with all the wrongs done not only that its only Cali and Nevada i was expectiong to have at least half the US to go between that last 5 jobs i've done have been the same job with different cargo sorry but until you guys fix things i dont recommend this game, oh and the trucks really? only two companies!?!?! with very few differences between them even if this game is ""cheap"" only like $20 but i dont even think its worth that much. If i had bought this at a physical store and not online i would return it as fast and as soon as possible"
,Recommended,270880,21116893,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GodlyPoop,Im a real truck driver and the simulator is close but i wish they didnt make the delay on the steering like that. Tell you the truth only reason i bought the game was to crash into other cars :P
76561198031530121,Recommended,270880,31726495,Posted: 13 May,all,Harlequin of Hate,"Just as fun as Euro Truck Sim 2.  Just a different setting.  If you enjoyed ETS2 then you will enjoy this just as much.  If you haven't played either one, what are you waiting for?!?"
,Recommended,270880,21055483,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,© Blackday,"I would like to start with that this game is definitely not a re-skinned version of ETS 2. It shares the same engine (slightly updated). I  found many new things which currently are not implemented but later will be implemented and will make this game more interesting then ETS 2 but I don't want ETS 2 to die, I hope developers will take good care of ETS 2 and ATS too. I just want developers will work on the Multiplayer which can become a huge feature for both the games, I already the Multiplayer community growing each day and is insanely addictive. I know the game content delivered is very less but I believe in SCS and I know they dont keep the community ignored :)"
76561198202755125,Recommended,270880,20944014,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,tannishpath11,"Good game, good graphics but too many cops and fines in the game. Need about 66% of the cops currently in game to be more fun. Also horns sound bad, needs some work but hope all will be fixed soon."
76561198127171008,Recommended,270880,20943435,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Lechon Asado,"I love the game.  Much like ETS and ETS2 they got the feel of the roads and cities right.  Driving around in L.A. feels like its L.A. Vegas feels like Vegas.  When the DLC’s with additional trucks and the eastward expansion come out this game will be amazing.The one thing that really is irking me is the overabundance of 1950's cars.  I get it; in RL there are some you'll see on the roads from time to time but nowhere near as many as I've come across in the game.  If this were Havana truck sim I'd get it, you’d expect to see 1950’s cars.  But man, one of every 10 seems to be a 50’s throwback.  Aside from that little annoyance (to me) this is a great game."
76561198041158961,Recommended,270880,21286817,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lyper,Ai SucksNot enough trucksNo multiplayerStill love this game so much
,Not Recommended,270880,33837573,Posted: 27 July,all,Ash,Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a way better game than this.
,Recommended,270880,20947838,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,A Person,"I have only played this game for less than an hour, but I can tell you that this game is a fun game.Comparing this to ETS2, I would say that this game has several improvements in terms of gameplay. One of which is the new trailer parking options. I find it very pleasing to be able to choose how you would like to park the trailer.The trucks themselves are quite different from the trucks in ETS. The trucks in this game have long bonnets, and I find it rather difficult to turn since I am used to the bonnet-less European trucks from ETS.Moving on to the map. The map in this game is still small compared to the map in ETS2. Currently, the game only has 2 states in its map.Overall, however, I think that this game is very enjoyable to play, and I find it relaxing to play this game, especially while listening to music."
,Recommended,270880,20933863,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Trucker Doge,Do you like trucks? I mean BIG trucks? Then Drive Your BIG Trucks here 9.7/10 Best trucking Simulator yet!
,Recommended,270880,20942694,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,BWheatley,"Great game, well worth the money."
,Recommended,270880,21066427,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fairuz Janzz,I like this game. Not heavy hendling. but the place and truck
,Recommended,270880,20922121,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,=N1LA= SchillBill97,Love This game
76561198174840190,Recommended,270880,20921349,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Bloody_Breeze,very similar to ets2 we all know and love. trucks drive and turn much more responsively than ever before. driving cargo around seems to take less time as well. 8.9/10
,Recommended,270880,20921158,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,richiepalm55,Love it love all their games
76561198060846030,Recommended,270880,20951044,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Breaker 1:9,"Attention SCS.Job well done with this game. Im so glad I played this game for myself and was able to form my own opinion instead of listening to some of the Ungrateful Clowns on Utube that was given a free copy of the game to review. With or Without Mods this is a great game and I look forward to the uncoming maps. Thanks for releasing the game 1 day early and also Thanks for the upcoming freebies. As of Feb 4, 2016,  91% of 2725 users found this game to be positive. With that being said, this should let you guys know that you are heading in the right direction.Thanks Again!!!Breaker 1:9 Out"
76561198155940996,Recommended,270880,20942018,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,hfrench14,"Absolutely AMAZING!! Played for 30 some minutes, and I am already addicted!! I would suggest this to any user who is new to the sim community or like me, has played Euro Truck and ET2. Go buy it now :)"
76561198153233901,Recommended,270880,24270404,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,cle eclaircie,A good game but 20$ for this is to expensive cause it is too little by too little i mean tere's not enough states...But if the price was at like 10$ it could be cool.
,Recommended,270880,21552005,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,traigla,"I've been a long term Euro Truck Simulator 2 player and when I first saw this game, I wasn't really interested. However, with all the trailers it got me hooked onto it. I purchased this game on release date and have loved it and do not regret the purchase.Even though many people are saying it looks like ETS2, this was intended so that people will be able to play both games without having to learn completely different things, it's a great approach by SCS, something should be adopted by other game developers.However with things coming across from ETS2, it also brings the idiotic AI where cars constantly crash into you, but as far as I'm aware, SCS have plans to work on this.Even though there are only two states, you can't really complain considering the immense amount of detail that has gone into it, the detail blows ETS2 out of the waters.Would thoroughly recommend to anyone.10/10"
,Recommended,270880,21538381,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,JustTommy320,Great game cant wait for more states and trucks 10/10
,Not Recommended,270880,20936891,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,shemale toes,"Cops everywhere. Get ticketed for everything so by the end of my run, I'm paying more than what I'm making. ETS2 is far more superior than this."
,Recommended,270880,20920989,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,IcEsOcKeT,"You loved ETS2? You'll surely love this one.Actually, same interface and managment screens as ETS2. But, new county, trucks , rules and beautiful landscapes.As for ETS2, I'm sure that we'll soon see tons of interesting mods.Graphics are really nice. Worth its price."
,Recommended,270880,20921920,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TheOnePunisher,"Absolutely LOVE this game!Long run in the country, streaming the country music channel.  Nothing but you, the tunes and the road.What more can you ask for?Big thumbs up!"
76561198058494805,Recommended,270880,20921632,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Stephen,10/10
76561198053346754,Recommended,270880,20921918,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,LuckyLeonXD,"To those who are looking to buy this game take the time to read the various press releases on what the makers are planning before reading all the negative reviews and being turned away. As of right now they have released the game with the 2 states they have made. Arizona is the next on the list to be released and will be after an update and will be given free. The game is listed at a very nice $20 which is fitting.Yes, the game engine is the same as Euro Truck Simulator 2. The difference in the games can be felt with the longer trucks and trailers along with the addition of weigh scales and the change of trailer drop off with the options. If you want to complain that there isn't enough difference between ETS2 and this game you should consider that the looks, the handling and the playability of the game is just as good. I have driven trucks over the road here in america and ETS2 was great for having fun. This game now allows people to have the same great fun in the US.I use a G27 wheel and have it mapped out to be a great tool. The one things I wish they would change is the ability to move where the GPS A.K.A. route adisor was located. I use a triple monitor setup and it becomes difficult to look back and forth between it and the road. Outside of that the Game is a blast and completely worth the money. If you want to see what it feels like to drive a truck through america grab this game and enjoy! The motorists even cut you off like in real life."
,Recommended,270880,22362983,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lowfatlogan csgogem.com,"If you liked Euro truck simulator or just love trucking games? This is the game for you. This game is so fun and i feel, more detailed than just main highways like in Euro truck sim. So fun though! :D"
76561198083180893,Recommended,270880,20934314,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,<MHN>Dbanker96,"Well ill start by saying this game isnt really worth 19.99$. There is a good start to the release game but you just dont get enough with what you pay for. I bought the game early because i think this game has potential to become a great game. Its by far better then Euro Truck simulator and is based out of the United States, although you only get 2 states(one more on the way) with 2 trucks, although we could have gotten more from the game then that. Im still going to play it as it is a 20$ game, but if your looking for a good trucking game i would say Euro Truck simulator 2 is a better choice, not that i wouldnt recommend this game, it is a great game."
,Recommended,270880,20931108,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,KAV1CS,The best game in the World!!!
,Recommended,270880,20921376,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[2ndMD_B]JaegerCoyote,"Drive 55 through a town. police car infront turns lights on, $1000 speeding ticket. I ain't mad."
,Recommended,270880,20926836,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Spiffy Stuff,"A few years ago I got Euro Truck Simulator 2 as a joke, but then I ended up having a lot of fun. I just wished it was in America. So here it is! Day 1 purchase, no regrets.Yes there is less content than ETS2, no, I don't care. I only bought Volvo's for going 80+mph anyways. This is America, these trucks have muscle. Technically now there's twice as many trucks for me to customize."
76561198131006807,Recommended,270880,20921093,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Wrightster,Awesome game again Dcs
,Recommended,270880,20921340,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,White Lightning,This game is great! I was a huge fan of ETS2 and this is very similar! Overall very nice game and very fun as well. I would recommend this to any simulator enthusiast.Pros-Simulation and a Game-Feels extremely well-Looks very nice-Fun experience-Only $20Cons-2 Trucks (More to come)-Small Map (Free DLC coming)-I do not have a wheel...  :(Rating:8.5/10
,Not Recommended,270880,34200556,Posted: 12 August,all,Wozza,"Sadly, I have to say that I can't recommend this game in its current state. We've been waiting since February for the next state and it's still not here. Development feels like a near dead early access game, meanwhile Euro Truck 2 has received much more new content in that time and is much cheaper. I recommend if you are looking for your first trucking game to go for ETS 2. Only consider this if ETS 2 is boring you (they've just released Italy DLC too). You can get ETS 2 for like £3 in a sale."
76561198040270811,Recommended,270880,21307633,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Danny,Ive been playing SCS games since the release of 18 WoS Haulin' in 2006. They never fail to bring a great simulation game and before you know it youll look down at the clock and be emmerged into a void where time isnt a issue as long as youre playing this game.10/10
,Recommended,270880,21287007,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MarioDHD,ok so Euro Truck simulator a game that gave the name simulator and improvoasiation in its reputation. Yet The franchise got better with American Truck Simulator with tweaks and new feature this game is definatly an improvement the only negative is the lack of locations compared to eurotruck however this is shown in the price and with future patches and updates to come hopefully this game will do as well as its predecisor
,Recommended,270880,21068985,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JunweiPeh,This is amazing !!!!!
76561198170341237,Recommended,270880,21263329,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,nj.planes,Prius driver simulator 2k161534857384583/10
76561198136258659,Recommended,270880,21272471,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Samster,This is a reallyu excellent game.  I've driven many road trips around the western USA and this has the authentic feel.  Truck are great to drive and look very cool.  The in cab radio is also awesome!  Nothing like listening to classic rock whilst blasting along the open road with a heavy haul cargo that has to be in Vegas by sun up.  Excellent work and looking forward to more maps and vehicles.
,Recommended,270880,21274349,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TRXN,Great game. Just the same as Euro Truck 2 but even better scenery. Nice addition to add the police cars. The more contect that comes the more the game will be enjoyable.10/10 would recommend again.
76561198172719347,Recommended,270880,21347521,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Paul M,good like the game.
,Recommended,270880,21746107,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,VanillaCakePeople,"I love this game, I love spending tons of time building up my company UNTIL STEAM BREAKS MY GAME AND I CAN'T PLAY IT ANYMORE!!!! Bloody steam >_>"
,Recommended,270880,22027661,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,OG-Fool,The Game is great for the state in which it is .....More states to come better it will get
76561198175815657,Recommended,270880,21122228,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,vicky123.2015,must buy
,Recommended,270880,21037125,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Khamael,"ok so ATS. At first glance most will and appear to have said it looks like a very well done expansion pack for ETS2. While in some ways i do agree, overall i do not.This is another score for SCS. While there is not much going on overall (being that there is only 2 trucks and 2 states to drive in) there is something rather satisfying about driving a Kenworth or Peterbilt along North American Roads with precious cargo.The game is rather small right now. But so far i have throughly enjoyed the 68 hours i have played it so far. I am down now to two cities left to deliver cargo to and about 65% of all roads driven on.One thing that is a bit disappointing is the lack of overall accessories and slots to drop stuff onto on the two trucks available (Kenworth T680 and the Peterbilt 579). Both trucks are nice to drive however. Plus the fact that truck and truck accessory mods from ETS2 are for the most part compatible with a few easy def file changes. Which has resulted in numerous truck mods and accessories being made available.For those that are familiar with ETS2 may find this game a little lacking. However it is still just as oddly engrossing as it's european cousin.ATS has the potential to be totally awesome once all of the USA is finally added as well as DLC's to add Canadian destinations and Mexican destinations will make this the most expansive game in SCS's library (considering the fact that once all of Canada is added it will add the 3rd largest physical country in the world with some of the worlds most dangerous trucking roads in the world). As well, the possabilities that can come from adding in Mexico is staggering.Great first release. i for one will be buying each and every DLC for this game.Good Job SCS.Keep on Truckin'"
76561198044470236,Recommended,270880,20960844,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Snowbird 3D,Pedal to the Metal
,Recommended,270880,21343410,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Simulation Gaming,"well done SCS software!once again an amazing simulator game be SCS software, from the predecessor of Euro Truck Simulator 2 it’s an amazing game. There is room for improvement but what do you expect from aNewly released game. Obviously there are going to be patches and up-date’s in the future to support New vehicles and map expansion DLC’s.over all it an amazing game and I highly recommend purchasing this game!hope this help you decide whether you will purchasing this fantastic game."
76561198281084007,Recommended,270880,21482281,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,firefighter2522,love it  its better that the forigne truck driving sims
76561197965985969,Recommended,270880,21446395,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hawkeye Soup ☢,"Good game, has issues with getting speeding tickets when you going slower than the speed limit, cars pull out in front of you as your going through the intersection with the ""Green"" and they hit you and your penelized for their actions.  Found some ""Holes"" in the map where I drove my map right through a mountain and fell through the map.  Had to ""re-set"" the game via config.cfg file."
,Recommended,270880,21469055,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Lewd,"It's Euro Truck Simulator 2... With big rigs, desert, distance is measured in miles and you are allowed to drive on the right side of the road. Checklist complete."
76561198124913487,Recommended,270880,21483464,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,That1Kid,I love this game. I recommend this to anyone that likes good old american landscape and crash into to cop cars and they won't chase you because you are white. (because the driver is white) I told osama and he rated 9/11 and i rate 11/10.
,Recommended,270880,21475310,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,AfterLife,"Opinion:Such amazing game. Like its predecessor ETS2 (Euro Truck Simulator 2). The game is very addictive. Lovin' the rustic, rugged building/structures. Amazing scenic views.Pros: Trucks model very well.Very good model building / decent landscapesRadio stations are decent.Cons:Lack of traveling citys / states. (Unlike ETS 2 At launch) (Except for Arizona releasing soon. t.b.d.)lack of diffrent truck dealerships."
76561198110592158,Recommended,270880,21480356,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,OS-Bear,Hoping it will get better but not bad for a StartI really Think the people that do mods will make this a much better game
,Recommended,270880,21483043,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mosuserver 1.6,i need help the game crashes at startup
76561198121845662,Recommended,270880,21478204,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Colonel Sanders,Amazing GAME!!!! Recommend this to anyone that loves simulators and ever wanted to know what it would be like to be a trucker!
,Recommended,270880,21554384,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,o.g dan,"Good game. It is quite similar to ETS2. As it is still in the early process, I would recommend buying it while on sale.8.4/10 Until more content is released.Update/ As more content rolls out the game steadily improves. As of now 3 trucks 2 states. Still an enjoyable game. Continued 8.4/10"
76561198232491604,Recommended,270880,22114030,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,excesscash44288,az dlc azdlc
76561198250217478,Recommended,270880,22114225,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,kaz,i love this gamw a alout
76561198281140628,Recommended,270880,22114524,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,cottonmike2,love it
,Recommended,270880,21553976,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[FL:T] MrFinnConlon,gg
,Recommended,270880,33200441,Posted: 3 July,all,✪ Breezer,great game!
,Recommended,270880,28333130,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Trainlover1218[F-B]#PrayForPR,"*deep sigh* WTF SCS, seriously, WTF, you wiped all my data when you launched the map rescale, I'm triggered, I had all but two cities discoverd, and then you take it all from me, if that's how you want to be, then so be it, because that's just a completely idiotic move. How do you expect us to keep enjoying the things we enjoy most with long deliveries and all this other stuff if you wipe all the data from the player base. This is a completely outrageous move.But this is just a rant, remember that, overall this game is amaizing, the scenery is stunning, and I honestly can't wait for the Illinois update. (the S is silent in Illinois, so it sounds like Illinoi) Also, we all know New Mexico is coming our way, sooner or later. One other thing, atleast make all the roadnumbers on the BFLM locomotive the same, and train in the US aren't just that one kind, there's a whole lot more then an SD40-2, but I'm not going to go into that, (I'm a train nerd if you couldn't tell) all I will say is that there are a lot of different trains in the US, and they are all unique in their own way."
,Recommended,270880,21117433,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,saquaria9202,This game is by far the best game and by far the very best game in the world!
,Recommended,270880,21103256,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,✪ TopZoR,So relaxing game ...
76561197990243613,Recommended,270880,21115608,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,smitty1173,"Im a OTR Truck Driver i have a 2016 peterbilt 579 and when i got in the truck in game i swore i was sitting in my truck, all the small details and gauges, the attention to details plus the fact ive run alot of those roads for real..... top notch"
76561198282342088,Recommended,270880,21117240,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Strougth Transport Inc.,great game cant get no better on sim perfect went and bought a computer just for this game thanks scss
76561198089460815,Recommended,270880,21286983,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,mjkempe2,not aids. doesn't run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/5
76561198011131911,Recommended,270880,20961289,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TMoney,Can't pick up hookers.9/10
,Recommended,270880,21059709,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Devo343,a nice game sucks that the map is small and 2 trucks but it they will update it other than that a nice upgrade from ets
,Recommended,270880,21115528,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Andrack,This is my 100th steam review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCno1HSNUnEI'm sorry its bad.
,Recommended,270880,20955758,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Colton Blumhagen,It's great. Buy it!
,Recommended,270880,21176500,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,aramina,"So, things that are unrealistic in this hyper-realistic truck-driving simulator:*The traffic in LA, and Las Vegas is not anywhere near as bad as it is in real life. (This is a good thing)*The intersections of freeways/highways are logical and identical and sane, and not anything like reality. (Also a good thing)*The AI car drivers use their turn signals approx. 10x more often than actual CA drivers. (Thank you lord)*The roads are reasonable in the towns and not anywhere near as maze like as reality. (I've been in a lot of industrial parks in California, the one's in the game are so much saner)*Every single traffic light has a camera to catch you when you ""accidentally"" run a red light. (Annoying, but okay, I guess)*A lot of the major cities are far less impressive and picturesque because of the downscaling. Admittedly, there is stuff in the distance in towns to add depth, but you can't drive there, and I'm usually so busy paying attention to the speed limit I don't notice. (LA didn't bother me much, but Las Vegas was super disappointing compared to the real thing.)Things that are super realistic and awesome:*That moment, where it's 3am and you're driving around Las Vegas looking for a place to sleep and you're staring at your GPS and next thing you know you've plowed straight into the back of a car while going 50mph? Yeah, that was me.*The first time I drove into Primm in game, I was so amazed at how much it was exactly like the real thing that I missed my turn, over-compensated, drove straight into a wall, and caused about 5 car accidents. Seriously, the Primm in-game is identical to the real thing, it's a little creepy.In short, you'll either love this game, or hate it. I find that it's great to play when I've had a long day, I can just turn on some dance music and zone out and drive. That being said, if you don't enjoy the thought of having to follow the speed limit, and follow the basic laws of the road, this probably isn't for you. I'm really hoping and looking forward to future DLC that adds more states, because while I enjoy the fact that I know all these towns, it's a little uncanny."
76561198041501036,Recommended,270880,20936005,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Django Freeman,A nice chill game where you can relax and listen music. The game is good in it self but I can't wait for themt o release more state and more country so we can travel a little more.
76561198026975445,Recommended,270880,22150770,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,j.weil,"Embarrasing number of hours logged.  I'm hooked.No, there is not as much content as Euro, not as many roads, not the trucks yet, but the graphics, the gameplay - just a complete winner.In a couple of years time when this is big enough to get lost in it will be a tough act to follow.Now, how do we get them to do road trains across Australia............"
76561197964308684,Recommended,270880,21119603,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,2Step,"While this game is the next step to the series, it is way to small to start with. If we eventually get all 50 states, i am currently expecting each state as a DLC. Then, if this is the case, that a game costing 70+ dollars! even if each state is 1.99 or such....I enjoy the series alot, but can't seeing my self going that far . even with the Nevada DLC , there is only half the ammount of cities starting out that ETS2 had, i am suuer you get my drift.fun game, hope to not be to addicted that I buy all the DLC's, bah whom am I kidding, got to get them all I guess."
76561198062703816,Recommended,270880,21238524,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dr. Phil,"The more I play, the more I want to play."
76561198142305092,Recommended,270880,21525430,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ojthomas34,when i bought ets 2 i put about 5 hours in to it in 3 months i've done almost 45 hours in American truck simulator in 1 month! i love this game! i love driving round California and soon Arizona! i can't wait to see what SCS are going to do with this game!
,Recommended,270880,22166014,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,NickTheCatTrucker/狼Gaming,I LOVE THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198037846774,Recommended,270880,22195692,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,R3CLU5E,Awesome...... no wait. Trucking Awesome!
76561198037038237,Recommended,270880,22129108,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Blizzardwuffy,"Pretty fun as it is. Obviously a DLC cash grab, but honestly...I get it. So far only has 2 states, I'm assuming the rest will be released via DLC. The map size now is about the same size as the maps from the older games, but only CA and NV (AZ coming soon for free from what I'm seeing in game). Plenty of potential with this game and certainly worth the $19.99 listing."
,Recommended,270880,21248076,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Doctor,"pros - love streaming this game, fun game to play casually and great for when u need a game to play.MULTIPLAYER IS GREAT ONLY CON not implemented into game it is a mod.cons - the map is alot smaller then euro truck sim 2, less trucks , and game dev rushed"
,Recommended,270880,21329223,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,mysterythegod,"If you can get down to the basics of the gameplay, this game is very enjoyable. My biggest issue is that I don't understand where they are going with the dlc's. The orentation of the game at this point is north to south while the orentation of the highway system is east to west. The up coming Arizona dlc is not going to change the orentation of the game enough to be worthwhile. Oregan, Washington and Idaho would have made much more sense, since I-5 is currently the main road and the focal point of travel in California and the west coast."
,Recommended,270880,21408833,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PyroTyger,"TLDR: If you think you might like it, you probably will. If you don't see the point, don't expect it to surprise you. There are problems, but I expect them to improve with DLC and patching.I'm not much into hard-sim games, but for some reason this one appealed. I couldn't even explain why.This game doubles up as a hardcore truck-driving simulator, and a casual time-sink.If you want to get a steering-wheel controller, manual shifter input and analogue pedals, play the whole game from the driver's camera perspective and grind out your hours as a big-rig stalwart, it's well set up for that. Slowly build your business, earn the right to take high-value cargo for long distance hauls, plan your fuel & rest stops, watch your speed and park your trailer perfectly every time for bonus XP.But if you just want to use your WASD & mouse, pick up a Quick Job and drive from point-to-point for ten minutes, bashing through the occasional stop-start idiot who clogs up the junction, ditching the trailer at the gate and logging off again... well, that's totally fine too. It's a sim. You can be as serious or casual as you like.Both are fun, in different ways, and the game does well at supporting both styles of play.POSITIVEI have one thing to say here, but it's a big one: this game is, on occasion, breathtakingly beatufiul. I have had moments when a sunrise vista has opened up before me, after a gruelling 15hr (well, 15m) night drive through a featureless desert, pushing the speed limit to try and hit my destination before blacking out from exhaustion, and the moment has given me *real feels!* Like, a wistful wanderlust, or a warm familiar feeling. In some small way, I felt what it was like to be a long-haul trucker.This can only be achieved by a number of things coming together. Distinct and recognisable landscapes; above-par atmospheric lighting & graphics, sufficient technical challenge to keep you focussed and slightly stressed for long periods of time, and a solid enough engine to make it all feel immersive. I was genuinely startled when some tumbleweeds blazed across the road in my headlights one night.That's only one positive, but it can't be overstated.NEGATIVEThere are bugs. It's a sim, so there are always limitations on realism, but the AI of police and other road users is occasionally crushingly stupid or arbitrary.There is also a limit on the game's size - two states (at launch) greatly scaled-down only gives you a few hours' driving before you've seen it all. The details are pretty good and I'm sure it'll be improved by DLC in future, but for now it's a big limitation.Sometimes, very rarely, using a Steam Controller, the control scheme will just break, and you'll go careening into a barrier at 55mph for no reason. Such immersion-breaking is criminal for a sim, and I hope Steam and/or the developers get on that ASAP. Today my controller suddenly started providing massive haptic feedback, contrary to my settings, so... yeah. New game, new technology. Fingers crossed.The biggest problem, though, is the strategic side of things. Upgrading your truck (beyond a bigger engine & improved gearbox) is very costly but basically pointless. It's a cosmetic change to something you pretty much never see. But then the only other thing you can spend your hard-earned cash on is growing the business, which... just brings in more money. I don't know what else you could expect from a truck sim, but it seems like a one-dimensional management game has been tacked on the side with little purpose.Once I realised the larger game offered little more than the (casual) Quick Job mode, the game lost a lot of its appeal. It was a cathartic ride up to that point, though, so I'll probably still dip in occasionally, and I'm happy to recommend it for the money. If the challenge of technical driving appeals to you, this is worth a look."
76561198281055931,Recommended,270880,21033131,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,mikeleebella25@gmail.com,i need help with this steam
76561198053286136,Recommended,270880,21043878,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Del Griffith,"Did you like euro truck sim2 ? Than youll like this, map is a little small but more is on the way, great game from a great developer"
76561198021108959,Recommended,270880,21047051,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Repossessed,10 out of 10fantastic truck simulator runs smooth good physics good multiplayer can't wait till they bring out more DLC
76561198164076258,Recommended,270880,21053461,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,oceans777,"After years of ETS2 it was pretty stale for me - ATS really is outstanding and not just more of the same. The scenery is absurdly wonderful, tumbleweeds blowing across the road at 3 AM, AI traffic, desert landscapes, all beautifully done.I'm running dual Titan cards and a very fast system built to handle complex commercial flight sims - my only dislike is being unable to get above 200% graphics quality without slowing to a choppy crawl and frame rates diving  in most cities but it really doesn't detract from the enjoyablility of this masterpiece. At 200 the scenery is still outstanding.Well worth the $ and the wait to have this."
,Recommended,270880,21090143,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Wolf,It's a good game but there's not enough content in the game at the moment. ETS2 has significantly more content in the base game. ATS is still a good game and I would recommend it but if you are wanting a complete experience then this is still very much at the beginning of it's life and i'd wait for more content before buying it.
,Recommended,270880,21223523,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ItsRandel153,I LOVE IT!! STRONGLY RECOMMEND!!
,Recommended,270880,21503184,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[MG-SA] Tig,10/10 - Would play for authentic American trucking experience.
,Recommended,270880,20941193,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ronster,"Greeat job SCS, I have played ATS for both days it has been out and love the outcome. Graphics are great, love the new parking options. Looking forward to what is coming as far as more maps and trucks being released.AAA+++++"
76561198059898335,Recommended,270880,20943112,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FinlandBall,"I have put 6 hours into this game so far and I find this game to be very good, however there are several problems I have with this game.Pros:-Game runs great on high settings-Lots of details put into difrent cities etc.-Trucks look amazing the way they are.-Map is pretty big.Cons:-It uses the same interface making it feel like its the same game.-There are only two states in the game (Califonia and Navada): Note- Yes I do know that these two states do have a lot in them but sence its called American Truck Simulator I figure they would have more before they launch the game.-There are only TWO truck brands to chose from-Gas stations and repair stations start to look the same.I do recomend picking this up for its 20 dollar price and if you are a fan of Euro Truck Simulator, you will most likely this game. But I will be severly disapointed if DLC contain small amounts of states or if there waiting to put all of the truck brands with DLC."
,Recommended,270880,20948147,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MVPhij,It would be nice to see more of the map.. but i guess thats coming
76561198035807875,Recommended,270880,20955844,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,buddy one,"SPEEDING FINES TO HIGH  NO WARNING OF SPEED REDUCTIONS. IF YOU GET HIT BY SOMEONE YOU GET THE FINE , GIVE US A CHANCE TO BUILD UP ENOUGHT TO BY A TRUCK, APART FROM THAT ITS VERY GOOD"
76561198125616127,Recommended,270880,20957001,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TongTwistTony,"Great game, Would recommend It may be small at the moment but it's still fun. Definetly worth it!"
76561198170923526,Recommended,270880,20959856,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Spicy Doritos,its good
,Recommended,270880,20982043,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,gamerman871,this is a good game other then you get a tickit to easy and lose money fast and the truck should have the rigth away
,Recommended,270880,20987311,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Challah Bread,"My only problem with this game is that it's just California and Nevada for now. I know Arizona is going to be added for free but that's 3/50 states and, ugh, I just wanted to get stuck on the NJ Turnpike so bad...That's it, that's the only bad thing I can say about this. It's American Truck Simulator. I was watching it on Twitch earlier and saw an engaged couple argue with eachother over their expensive water bill as the man kept drinking and the woman kept blaming her cats for everything wrong with their house. America!"
,Recommended,270880,20994678,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cummins,now that i'm banned for 20 years in gta5 i have plenty of time to play this
,Recommended,270880,21023235,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,QuimbyDogg,This game plays very similar to Euro Truck Simulator 2.  The largest downsides right now are simply lack of content (only 2 states to visit - only 2 brands of cabs to drive).  The graphics have improved since ETS2 and cities are much more detailed.  Traffic can be more dense in some areas making the driving more fun.  The ability to spot speed traps and avoid tickets is pretty cool.This feels a bit more like DLC than a full game - but it is priced fair for what you get.  On sale this would seem like a no brainer purchase for anyone who loved ETS2.These games are a lot more fun with a wheel but you don't need a $300 permium wheel to get into them - I've been using a cheap logitech wheel I picked up from a garage sale a number of years ago...
,Recommended,270880,21024551,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Artoo,Still need of Improvement but still Loving it..............It's not driving but Trucking...........
76561198035742658,Recommended,270880,21054186,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,CoolHandLuke,"For me, this is well worth 14.99. It's just two trucks and two sates to start with, but Arizona and more trucks will be coming soon.I have Euro Truck Sim 2, but I generally prefer Trucks and Trailers, and Scania Truck Sim, as these two old sims concentrate on the challenge of manouevering and parking rather than the driving in between. - (don't get me wrong, I still enjoy ETS2 though).But I couldn't resist buying this - and somehow it is better than ETS2. The graphics, and atmosphere of driving along American freeways, just seems to suit the game better.I know others have complained about the slightly smaller scale, but that might be another reason why I prefer it to ETS2. The drive is long enough to enjoy, but not too long to get boring. And with the whole of USA planned, there is still plenty of scope for long drives.It's looking good, I just hope SCS are reasonable when they start selling the DLCs, I am prepared to pay but I will draw the line if I keep paying £15 for every 3 states. But they seem to have been good with previous releases, so I hope they will be so here.Recommended if you like the previous trucking incarnations & want more of the same, but with the real American flavour."
76561198182024227,Recommended,270880,21054414,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,jbrasseye1,"This is a great game, i can only imagine how good this game will be as it develops over time.I feel that the price on steam was worth every penny. I definately recommend it.This game has a long road ahead of it with new maps to come etc"
76561198040465961,Recommended,270880,21011891,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Bombadil,"LOVE the game, however; 1) If rain, then no convertible cars. 2) You can legally make right turns at a red light in California. 3) There are no stop signs at stop lights, one or the other. and please 4) less cops on the road, like 50% of vehicles feel like police sometimes."
,Recommended,270880,21087036,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SpringfieldXD45,When it comes to truck sims this one is King of the road! Excellent value for only $20us. As most people know there is a lot more content to come including more trucks and more states added. I highly recommend this to anyone that enjoys simulators as this is one of the best! -GunninGamerz
76561198117722267,Recommended,270880,20940295,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,battletechcooley,Love it but i wont my k100
76561197983225082,Recommended,270880,20940673,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,baddog993,The game is great. It is a little small right now. Only 2 diesels to drive. They are going to add more hopefully. Their are only 2 states right now CA and Nevada. Las Vegas looks great. You cannot drive down main street in Las Vegas. Most of the cities look great. From SFran to Las Vegas to Eureka and Redding in CA. The graphics are sharp looking and they use a lot of neon graphics in the game.The cars in the game their a lot of differnt looking ones. Station wagons to convertables are on the road. I am really enjoying the game. If you enjoyed Euro Trucker 2 then I would think you would enjoy this one as well. The game runs on 64bit system. Their is a beta for 32bit system however they said its not gonna be updated and its not supported. The game is supposed to have another update to get another free state. The price is great for what you get and I am really enjoying this game.UPDATE: More trucks were added along with that other state. They have also made the map much bigger. The game also has a great selection of mods now as well. New Mexico is the next new state to come out sometime this year.
,Recommended,270880,20987377,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,eldoodakS,"SCS you've done it again. The best simulator man has created. This game requires a good graphics card, but is fun to play either way. Nice job SCS, you've done good."
,Recommended,270880,20987434,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,YoBruh,"Great game and really good graphics, i only have one issue with the Kentworth T680, the turning while moving is a little slow and you have to stop to be able to turn faster. other than that i love it"
,Recommended,270880,20989161,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fawn*UK,"AWESOME this is a fantastic sim with great scenery, modders paradise."
76561198057827992,Recommended,270880,21008674,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Darkmeilan,i liked it for what it was a Trucking Sim in the US and everybody who is giving it a Bad review is being The Escapist Zero Punctuation Comparing this game to ETS 2 cause its ETS 2 set in Europe and how he Reviews all the silent hill games and compares them all to SH 1 which he finds the best of the series. yes two states and yes ONLY two trucks but ETS 2 has been out for what 4 years. Give ATS time to be polished
,Recommended,270880,21090889,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Brendawg,"You drive trucks, it's fun."
76561197996882164,Recommended,270880,21093644,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TexRob,"If you liked ETS2, you'll love ATS.  If you hated ETS2, you'll hate ATS.Plenty of reviews of ETS2 out there, and other ATS reviews.  Simply put, it's ETS2 with better graphics, a much more thoughtfully designed, textured, and laid out world than early ETS2 content.  So much extra stuff going on, people walking, skateboarders, planes flying around, tumble weeds for f's sake people!  ATS is great for what it is, but it's super exciting that this could lead to a lot of states being added, and I'll be there money in hand when each one releases.  $20 is a steal on this, don't wait for a sale, you won't be disappointed."
76561197981539557,Recommended,270880,21130276,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,IronTailFratley,"The low number of states and trucks available at launch is definitely a mark against, and the traffic fines are outrageous, but overall, this game delivers on everything it promises, and you can't ask for more than that."
76561198001590554,Recommended,270880,21178325,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,oldstransam,"As a professional truck driver with a serious mental disorder (yep, 3000 km a week in the real thing and i still get behind the wheel on the week end... :D) i realy find this game greatly enjoyable! i play it with the oculus rift dk2 and i got some minor issues like menu screens not showing in the rift, but despite that, it works flawlessly! Also, i'm really pleased with the choices for the manual transmission setup, make me want to mod my g27 shifter to add ranger and splitter buttons to it!Only thing i would like to see added to this coolest truck sim would be some frame twisting and suspension work on acceleration. we would feel the load way better :)For those who are complaining about any ""delay"" about scs in delivering dlc, take this as a part of the sim, waiting are a major part in the life of a trucker ;P"
76561198059597801,Recommended,270880,20964004,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Rebrall,"I would recommend this to anyone, i like the seamlessness from ETS2 to ATS its a bonus for me, as for everyone who seems to hate it, you spent $20 (possibly a little more from other currency’s it was $29.99nzd for me) on a game that’s going to grow with plenty of free DLC in the pipe work and i expect DLC i have to pay to access. It also has a great core for the dev’s to improve from, personally i think to many put the game on a pedestal and have expected to much from launch"
,Recommended,270880,20989274,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Zhael,Good Game :D
76561198129234374,Recommended,270880,21005578,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LuNiX2Rusty,It is amazing and i love playing it.
,Recommended,270880,21042493,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kraffler,Im enjoying every minute of this game.. Bought this game last feb 3rd as a birthday gift for myself :)
,Recommended,270880,20938529,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,The Tattletale Strangler,"Let me start by saying this is a lot like ets2. There are, however, many great improvements and changes, with more yet to come. The cop cars and speed traps being mobile is much more realistic. The new city designs are much more detailed, and feel like real cities. Las Vegas, for example, is littered with people, bilboards, and casinos. While the main functions do feel sripped from ets2, the new American take on the game is very appealing, and with time can only get better. Keep on Trucking!"
,Recommended,270880,20956106,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MdoddZz,Driving through nevarda at 80mph listening to a country radio is more satisfying than sex.
,Recommended,270880,20956579,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Spionat200,Nice! Very good graphics!
,Recommended,270880,20963571,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ghost,"Only played a very short time thus far but it was great. Sounds are better than ETS2, map looks brighter more colorful than ETS2. Can really enjoy the scenery whilst driving around with your truck."
76561198274290790,Not Recommended,270880,20961482,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,bart.claes,"Worst sim ever, If there ever was a boring game with zero exitement, zero incentive to play and zero enjoyment... this is the one! Who even comes up with this stuff?"
76561198086217322,Recommended,270880,20983192,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,dustinpayne75,Overall a Very well developed game looking forward to AZ DLC....Would Love to see the full USA to the Future to come asDLC expansions and willing to pay for them.... this game can only get better not worse. Thanks SCS for all the hard work you put in and time effort it took to make this a reality. Looking forward to the day maybe possibly to go Coast to Coast CA to NY. Also as an idea would maybe as a patch to include would be Log books to make it even more realistic or maybe the snowy mountains or iced roads for difficulty in future maps for a greater challenge.. So many ideas can come to mind but thanks again and keep up the great work im sure all the fans would love to see a full USA done in the future.
76561198133728970,Recommended,270880,20987581,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,wrpdrive26,I remember playing 18 Wheels of Steel Across America and had a blast playing it growing up. This game is bringing back good memories and is definitely worth getting if you are into driving simulators/games. 10/10!!!
76561198084588820,Recommended,270880,21018311,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,classical_chip,"American Truck Simulator.The game is not very big at the moment, SCS Software have announced that they are going to be adding many features and DLC to the game FOR FREE (For those who own it at least). The game currently has the states of California and Nevada, the rest of the states will be added slowly to the game, just like in the other SCS games (ETS, ETS2, GTS). If you are buying this game and hoping it is just like ETS 2 but in America, you might be disapointed (for now).. American Truck Simulator has just begun, and over time it is going to grow so much. I cannot wait for the new content SCS has for this game! (I have only played 3 hours at the time of this review)so far.. 8/10next DLC.. 10/10(I hope)"
76561198027221726,Recommended,270880,21094010,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,xaagon,"Awesome.Still has some things to work out, but if you're looking for Euro Truck Simulator 2 with an American flavor this will not disappoint.Only 2 states (CA & NV) and 2 trucks at the moment, but they plan to add more over time.  After seeing their work with ETS2 I am sure that they will not abandon this any time soon.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit:  It's now been 25 days since I've bought this game.  I have not played any other game since starting this one.  They have added a third truck since my initial review.  I still really love this game, but they do need to do some map adjustments, and we seriously need some map expansions.  Arizona is supposed to be released ""soon"".There is now a demo available.  If you're on the fence about whether or not to get this, I recommend trying out the demo.  Again, game map is limited at the moment, but for the hours I've played I still think $20 US is a great value."
,Recommended,270880,21467384,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Raze6867,Great game!!
,Recommended,270880,20937242,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Marty,"do i recommend it, yes. for the price its good,  still has some of the same AI issues as ETS2,  the marker based systems, america has the love it or hate it tail light system where the stop turn and tail lights are in one bulb. let me break that down, i want to turn left/right i signal as normal, left tail light flashes on/off i aply the brakes. that left tail light now flashes off/on. what SCS has done with this is overlay the turn signal light ontop of the stop/tail light but i do hope to see more states in futire. i reccomend you try iy for yourself"
76561198141896259,Recommended,270880,20940816,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Srt4sleeper,BEST GAME EVER ITS WORTH IT
,Recommended,270880,20946747,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Andrew Just,"If you like Euro Truck Sim 2 you'll probably enjoy this a lot. Although right now the map size is much smaller than ETS2. But for now driving across California had never felt so good. The map is decent and makes it feel akin to what driving in America would feel like. From the run down shops to the overabundant amount of self storage businesses. The sweet joy of make a trip is still there, but those long hauls aren't quite there yet since you can only travel between two states. Many of the mechanics mirror what was in ETS2, such as ranking and how the game is played. So players of ETS2 will feel right at home.I would recommend this if you particularly liked ETS2 a lot and just want a new scenery and are willing to wait for more states and trucks. This feels barebones in a way with content as there is only two states currently and not very many trucks. Down the line, or very soon we should be getting Arizona and more trucks.Even with the lack of content the game is still enjoyable to play and check out the new scenes."
76561198129138472,Recommended,270880,20947014,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,skunk940,"It's like the Scandinavia DLC for ETS2, but across the whole map!"
,Recommended,270880,20948359,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MillerMi10 [ENG],"This game is fantastic for anyone who loves trucks, and America :)"
76561197980812637,Recommended,270880,20949328,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,AYBABTU,"I've spent enough time driving in this game to make a couple of comments.(1) - there are too many freakin' cop cars. Even for California and L.A.  One after another after another passes by as if OJ was on the loose. In the real world, in California, there are too many freakin' cop cars but not as many as depicted in ATS, not one after another, after another, with another sitting on the side of the road. It makes me paranoid.(2) - The traffic patterns prevent ""safe"" turning from a side road onto a main highway without a traffic light or other method of controlling main highway traffic. It is not fun to sit for an hour in game time waiting for a lull in the traffic in order to make a left turn onto the highway. One has to resort to ""bullying"" the oncoming traffic which is not a habit one would want to get into. While this may ""suggest"" the real world traffic of Cali and L.A., in the game world it is frustrating and not fun. Especially when you have four lanes of heavy traffic going in opposite directions and you are sitting at a stop sign with a heavy load. Fix it!(3) - The highway travel time scale is too short. I don't get the feeling that I've made a ""trip"" from L.A. to Las Vegas. By the time I get comfortable on the Freeway, find a radio station with some good tunes on it, I'm already there. Travel time is too short. I hope this can be fixed in the release game or in the mods to come.I am still recommending this game for the west coast USA highway scenery.At this time I am giving it 3 out of 5 stars."
76561198001696402,Recommended,270880,20949599,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,carljbewley,"Oooooooh it's been a long time coming this and I for one I'm not disappointed. Yes, it is the full Euro Truck sim skin but the setting is so much more appealing. In Euro Truck (modless of course) Manchester is no different to Stockholm. It gets a little bit samey after a while, but the little diners, donut stands, sweeping desert vistas and iconic cities give this game a much more pleasing long haul in the truck even though there are only two states in the game currently.As for the trucks, there maybe only two brands at the moment but they both drive so much more satisfyingly than the Euro truck rosta. You have to take on board my comments as a casual gamer, hardcore virutal truckers will probably find this easy compared to the Euro Truck routes because I wouldnt say it's dumbed down at all, I just find the truck handling so much more responsive. I managed to completed five jobs without a traffic violation, speeding ticket or an AI Kamikaze pilot veering into my side. That's a massive bonus and I'd say generally the AI is much better from inital impressions.Gotta go now, I've got George Jones on the Internet Radio, my coffee in a travel mug, my Philadelphia Eagles Cap on and my best checked shirt pressed...got some miles to cover to get my own truck and I'm wasting time jabbering on here. Buy it, you can't possibly be dissapointed :)""Rubber Duck, got a smokey bear in the air, come back..."" etc etc"
,Recommended,270880,20962913,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,OfficialAvocado,"This game is hands down amazing. If you have played Euro Truck Simulator, buy this as soon as you have 20 dollars. The content may be small, but by the time you get to the point that you will need more there will be more. There are many improved features from ETS and the maps are great. Very realistic and a great simulation of America."
76561198092792780,Recommended,270880,20984270,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,aussie pork chop,10/10 love it =)
,Recommended,270880,20987409,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,GKS4595,average sim ... the euro truck sim is the best and this game feels just like a revamped version of the 18WOS HAULI'N and one problem is that the sound is a little up on the left ear and low on the right side and its a little over priced ...as of my opinion it should a little less but its worth it as there would be free content and updates ..waiting for trucks to be added and new locations
76561198059039109,Recommended,270880,20988811,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mysun20022001,Nice game.
76561198076249330,Recommended,270880,21023965,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GAMERX[SVK],"Yeah it's finally here i'm really happy it's definitely better than ETS2Pros:+Weight Station+Much real freeway and routes than in ETS2+Nice graphich+More optimalized than ETS2+Awesome Scenary+Cops+Nice lenght trailersCons.-Only 2 Trucks-Small mapAnd from my side it's all.I love this game so so much my new favorit, sorry ETS2I recommend this game! 8/10!Happy trucking! :)"
76561198145239279,Recommended,270880,21024492,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TR_Trucking,This is by far the best truckin game ive ever played!
,Recommended,270880,21033230,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[GFL] |Mr.Bubbles|,faster than ETS2
76561198029423707,Recommended,270880,21038576,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TheJeizon,"It is hard to express the appeal.  Perhaps it is for the very reason that it isn't a ' kill everything that moves.  If it doesn't move, put it in your gun and kill.' I guess the closest way to describe it would be a classic transport tycoon game where you just happen to spend most of your time in the first person view of your best employee.  You can ignore the company builder component completely.  Or after you have spent some time building up your company you can devote much of your time to it.  I think players that do both will get the most from this game.Yes it's only 3 states and 2 trucks, but I feel at a $20 price point this is a great deal.  SCS has a solid reputation of adding to the base game for years after release, and not just paid DLC.  If you compare the base game of ETS2 now with when it was first released it is practically an entirely new game.  This game will grow for years and they will devote their time and energy into this game rather than quickly cash in and release a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sequel."
,Recommended,270880,21048283,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Smoka Cola,"Never played ETS2, the only game I have this to compare to is 18 wheels of steel and it's light years better than that. Also I've put quite a few hours into the Multiplayer mod and it seems the one from ETS2 was just ported over as it hasn't had nearly as many bugs/glitches as you'd expect for something of that nature to be out only a few days of the game's release.Arizona and a few more trucks are coming relatively soon, I just hope SCS sticks with it and pulls off all the states possible. Hopefully we get the cab customization and other features down the road as well."
,Recommended,270880,21081153,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,szN™,Well done SCS! Nice game.
,Recommended,270880,21090480,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,7H3D0N4LD,"I love this game! Great sounds, good looking, and AMERICAN! I do recommend this game to anyone who has and does play Euro Truck Simulator 2. Not just because it's the same company, but because ETS 2 was a good game and us Americans have been wanting a game like this. 10/10 rating on this game."
,Recommended,270880,21091959,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Matthew Lentz,Most amazing Trucking Game. Better then any game out there
76561198091361582,Recommended,270880,21092092,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,wolverine6192009,"Love This, Wish Euro truck Sim 2 was like this in detail of citys an towns. Can't wait ta see the dlc's to come up soon as nearly beem to all the towns in the 2 states. Love the fact that sum drop off an pick up points are not in town but between towns an at road work sites."
,Recommended,270880,21092854,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Paulymer,"I got on board with the Euro Truck Similator really late, but hopped on this game on opening day and I have been pretty pleased. Kneejerk reaction I want to say that it all seems very ""small,"" but realizing that Arizona is coming and I am sure a lot more, if not all of, the US as well I am pretty excited for what's to come and what the game will become. I've also seen a lot of talk about mods for the game, but I honestly am not sure how all that works so I can't really use that as a pro or con for my thoughts on the game, but for those out there who are really into that sort of stuff, it exists.Nevertheless, if you like Euro Truck Simulator and are interested in exploring the us in the same style then you will enjoy this game just as much as I have."
76561198063135538,Recommended,270880,21093353,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Joel,"How does SCS do it ? The idea of driving long distances through the sparse Mohave desert doesnt appeal to me at all, yet this game is addicting. Can't wait for the expansions."
,Recommended,270880,21118996,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,gene7135,"Awesome game!I started playing ETS2 and yes it is the same gaming engine the attention to detail for the USA is outstanding!SCS really took their  time building this game.Yes the game could use a couple of extra states,     But for the price, it's a GREAT game and highly recomend it.Looking forward to some DLC!"
,Recommended,270880,21121029,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,LostOne,"ATS is and will be a great game for the future, great scenery yet again over all very impressed"
,Recommended,270880,21130306,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BatmanAlexeh,"I'm going to be completely honest. I don't know a lot about trucks, or about trucker life, or about running a trucking business. But American Truck Simulator still appeals to me. Driving along a highway making a delivery while listening to some music, listening to a podcast or watching a twitch stream/youtube video is very satisfying and relaxing"
,Recommended,270880,21220823,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[1er]pandabear,"i love this game , i have nothing bad to say about it. 10/10 and worth it :)"
76561197985557895,Recommended,270880,21431534,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,pinewood,"SCS Software has once again proven that they are more than capable of developing, maintaining and evolving a genre that has been notoriously niche in the past. American Truck Simulator is an amazing project from a passionate, dedicated and truly great development team that cares about their product and fans. Trucking through California and Nevadas detailed surroundings is a fantastic feeling and I look forward to many years with this title. American Truck Simulator is a game you have to experience to understand. I could keep going on about how much I enjoy this game and how thankful I am that SCS takes such good care of this franchise, but I'll leave that for you to see for yourself.Thank you, SCS, for making yet another classic."
,Recommended,270880,21015360,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MrCheeseman,Awesome!
,Recommended,270880,21097098,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Disc Milk,"This game, while extremely similar to Euro Truck Simulator 2, fits even better into the mold of traditional American trucking. The actual truck designs are beautiful, and have incredible attention to detail. That being the case, they only have two truck models on offer right now, with a third one coming soon. Although this is due to licensing issues with truck manufacturers, it can be disheartening to players that aren't following the development process so closely.The locations are a similar case to the trucks. There are only two available at the time of this review, including California and Nevada. This is going to be expanded in the future, through DLC (The first state to be added in the future will be Arizona, free of charge). Same as the trucks, while there is a huge increase in polish since ETS2, with tons of detail in the town buildings and structures, having only two states, both being sunny and hot, can really leave a lot to be desired in the way of actual content. You will get lost in the Nevada desert (Not literally lol), you will want to drive around Las Vegas and the beaches of California, but that awe factor runs out after a couple of trips to these few locations, making me want more states to play with.As for right now, the game is pretty much ETS2 with a new, more suitable skin. Whether or not you should buy this over ETS2, or just stick with ETS2 if you've been playing that, is up to whether or not you enjoy the actual theme of American trucks and American locales to be trucking through. Keep in mind that you will have to deal with a lack of content in the beginning of this developmental cycle (with the possibilty of having to pay for future states as DLC). I personally think it is worth it, and I will look forward to any future additions to the game.Good job SCS Software."
76561198125058905,Recommended,270880,20919808,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[R Λ Z Ξ R]EngineerTrain,"This game picks right off where the 18 WoS Franchise left off. If you are familiar with18 WoS Long hall  you feel right at home. But is ATS just a New Game of 18 WoS Long hall!I think not, I think it is 18 WoS Long hall, while of course similar to definitely its own game with its own strengths and weaknesses.I was amazed when I found out that you can float gears, that was something I was really hoping for and they realized it very well. I am excited to see where the franchise is going and what all we will see in the years to come.The King 18WoS Long Hall  is dead, long live the new King ATSOverall I think this game is a wonderful start for a new era of Simulated Trucking in the Americas. I salute you SCS, you did it. Its Kind Of Sad That You Barely Get Stoped At Weigh Stations. Overall 8/10."
,Recommended,270880,31049483,Posted: 9 April,all,Cheeki Breeki Dead ORBIT OK,in this animeMohhammed style a Truck driver in alaska..Drives his truck into everyone and Hopefully gets a bl.owjobThen dies Horriblyhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=672232762
,Recommended,270880,23640228,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Pre55ure,everytime i want to go to sleep i play this
76561198012017193,Recommended,270880,21068839,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Zwajo,"My impressions of American Truck Simulator after about 5 hours in game.Good:Scenery is good compared to alot of sims out there.Sounds let you really feel the power of the truckroad system is good and makes more sense in some cases than the actual roads.Same solid gameplay of ETS2 fame.Neutral:The game itself is for all intent and purpose still Euro truck sim 2, just with american trucks and map.. so if your a fan of ETS2 its good, if not well this title probably wont be your cup of tea either.Only four trucks... but with quite a few chassis/body options: Personally I prefer this to 20 fake trucks.. you may find it limiting so I list it as a nuetral.Controls I don't have a steering wheel so I can only speak to keyboard.. but the truck don't seem to handle aswell as their ETS2 counterparts. Of course that could also just be my opinion so take it with a grain of salt.Environment; this is different from scenery to me because graphically its nice, but seriously there are more vehicle in america than 1950's cruisers, RV's, Semi's, and cops.Fines: Holy crap police presence. There is no escaping the fines in this game.. ETS2 gave you speed traps that once you learned where they were you could slow down for em. Here? every third car is a cop who can and will pull you over for 4mph over the speed limit. Nice because it forces you to treat it more like a sim... but a tad over done IMO.Bad:Smallish map, I get more is coming out.. I really do.. and I wish I didn't have to list this as a bad.. but when you can run any route before you've even maxed your distance stat.. well thats not beuno.AI; its been a plague on this series even in ETS2 and it didn't get any smarter here.. same stupid 4wheelers doing stupid things right into the side of your truck.TL/DRIf you are a diehard fan of truck games buy it, if you like sims buy it. If you want a finished US map with a 48 states and a total overhaul from ETS2.. well maybe wait awhile and catch it on sale after some more content has released."
76561198193498411,Recommended,270880,31735890,Posted: 13 May,all,Spartan_Warrior,Very good game high deatail and lots of stuff to do ..if you want to know how big the map is  the longest time driving IRL is 1 1/2 hours but averege just 1-30 min drive IRLgood game keep it up DEVS
76561198086121747,Not Recommended,270880,33547246,Posted: 14 July,all,OLDr! Stackhat,"Unless you really like American trucks buy ETS2,Very similar games except ATS is not as polished, incorrect speed signage, npc cars will randomly crash into you and other traffic, have had train crossing boom gates close onto my trailer as i crossed jamming me onto the train tracks, my truck has gotten stuck into the ground while stopped at traffic lights 3 or 4 times making it unable to drive etc...Still playable i just find having to rescue your truck and receiving damaged to your truck/trailer due to faults with the game takes some of the enjoyment out of it.Only positive i have found is that parking is more challenging than ETS2.At the time of writing this i have 6 hrs in ATS and 86 hrs in ETS2 yet have never had a single issue with ETS2."
76561198227738164,Not Recommended,270880,35484850,Posted: 4 October,all,sniper7873,Its a decent game for a simulator. Not what im looking for. i was hoping it had a lot more places to drive a truck. not just california and new mexico.
,Recommended,270880,26479929,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TurtleKarambit cs.money,"This game is for a very certain type of person.If you have patience and love simulator games, this is the game for you.I've had half a days worth of playtime and i love it."
76561198034463338,Recommended,270880,24006218,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,dragon_mater77,good game
,Recommended,270880,24006876,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TheNoobKappa,Good game
76561198295665392,Recommended,270880,23428773,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jmorrow1992,"Game is good, but steam wont let me update anything. Says missing manifests or unreachable servers. Very disappointed"
,Recommended,270880,23964095,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,seiiTh-iwnl-,much sexy such wow
76561198111748290,Recommended,270880,26020505,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Darth_Lttl,"the other AI trucks and cars are jerks. They obey traffic laws, but often cut you off. Meh, still a fun relaxing game. Is it worth $20? I would say wait for it on sale, but it is still a good, relaxing, fun game"
,Recommended,270880,25349229,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,HST{ Owner John},it is an awsome game  our teamspeak is talk to alan
,Recommended,270880,23047654,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Rahmad_5846,nice
76561198304582251,Recommended,270880,29952993,Posted: 15 February,all,Marc_Origins,:v
,Recommended,270880,21381177,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,tueman,Boring but great for relaxing.
76561197960524735,Recommended,270880,25368911,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MetalMafia,YEEEEOOOOOWWWW BAAAYYBAAAAYYYY
76561198120990154,Recommended,270880,26020046,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,jamesnation113,-Driving on the interstate-Some driver runs into you-Loses 550$-10/10 would yell at stupid AI again
76561198170173986,Recommended,270880,21086521,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,thermal95,great!
76561198042468152,Recommended,270880,21086496,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,HunterNugent,Fun
76561198110056483,Recommended,270880,21086557,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,kentucky67e,"As for those who have played Euro Truck Simulator 2, you will find this game to be very much similar. Truthfully, the only really noticeable differences would have to be the landscape(s), traffic, trucks, e.t.c. The performance and everything is slightly better, (in my case), and it was excellent to begin with in ETS2. I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the ETS series, and for anyone thinking of trying out the series for the first time.As for the newcomers, keep in mind this is not a game designed for freeroaming, constantly popping in and out of any vehicle you want, or for professionally managing a business; it's a truck driving sim. You drive trucks under an employer until you make enough money to buy your own truck. From there on you haul various types of cargo to build your wealth. You then move on to expand your garage(s), buy more trucks, hire drivers, and make money. From a broad standpoint, yes it does simulate business, but that's not the primary goal of the game; it's for driving trucks.Summary summed up: if you want to drive anything you please any time or manage a business from a professional standpoint, this game is not what you're hunting. If you want to drive a semi, (and make money doing so), haul lots of different things, and design trucks for your employees to drive, this is what you want."
,Recommended,270880,23800622,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Pickler,The game is very addicting and the updates are making it better and better can't wait for more dlc..
76561198093310663,Recommended,270880,23801194,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Croaton465,i love this game it so fun but the online is only for windows ;-( other than that the game is amazing
,Recommended,270880,23792643,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jeeperswerewolf,I recommend American Truck Simulator.
76561198137110688,Recommended,270880,23791453,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,shadlad,r8 8/8
76561198261682104,Recommended,270880,22170079,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Griffball19,How do you take a screenshot in game can some one tell me thank you
,Recommended,270880,27720413,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,npuT,Good Game
,Recommended,270880,22850904,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,coltontice02,One of my favorite games ever that I have bought on steam!!!!
,Recommended,270880,23588632,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,jbhoop204,"Very fun game if you like driving, only thing I didn't like was the horns and damage your truck horns don't sound realistic and the damage is questionable if you hit a pole your damage percent goes up but there isn't a mark or dent of where you hit the pole otherwise if you like driving play this game!!!"
,Recommended,270880,24325010,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Disgruntled Fun,"The game surprisingly doesn't take much power to play. My laptop with some older crap AMD card can run the game on roughly medium graphics with few drops in frames. Between the fact it's well optimized and is an entertaining game, I would buy again! 9/10 due to the low ammount of trucks and states at launch."
,Recommended,270880,24326349,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,jamesc25313,"Relaxing game and very fun and frame friendly for my older PC. I've played every trucking game going back to Hard Truck many moons ago. American Truck Simulator feels like Euro Truck 2, but that isnt  a bad thing necessarily. If it aint broke don't fix it. I'm glad they're just improving what they already have. I just wish there were more states by now and possibly more DLC."
,Recommended,270880,24335106,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,nels,"I've spent a lot of time with flying and train sims but never tried a truck sim until  this one was recommended to me. After something like 60 trips I'm still enjoying it, and still learning. The look of the world is quite impressive, really nice to see the world close up and in detail which you don't see while flying and also better than the train sims that I have used. Having never driven anything so large in the real world I'm not sure how accurate the truck physics are. The trucks are kind of underpowered, especially on hills, which I would kind of expect. They do seem to stop to quickly and as a result I still have trouble stopping precisely. The steering takes some getting used to as I find it overly sensitive. I've gotten much better but when starting out I often found myself going back and forth trying to stay in a straight line, and it gets much harder the faster you go. It is quite satisfying, though, to see improvement with practice.What I do find lacking is instruction on proper truck use. I still really have no idea how to park correctly. I'd like to do some of those 90 point ""tough"" parking spots but have no idea how to approach it. Backing up a truck is not natural  so I wish there was a training area or some means of learning this.So, overall a very enjoyable sim and one I would recommend."
76561198096754275,Recommended,270880,24335882,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TANNER_THOMAS,Another great trucking game!! This game is a great time killer and i enjoy every bit of this game. This game is very similar to Euro Truck Simulator the only difference is that its located in America and not Europe. Altogether the game gives wonderfull graphics and gameplay. Im 100% positive it will be worth the money!!
76561197985368940,Recommended,270880,24336235,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,They Call Me Josh,"I'll admit I'm a bit biased, since I loved ETS2, but this game is great on its own.  Its a great game, the gameplay is smooth, its relaxing, yet at the same time, offers challenges such as time management on load delivery, building a company,  and as much realism in a sim that you could ask for depending on how you want to setup the settings on the game.  There are also little things in the game that catch your eyes, like cropdusters flying over winefields and spraying, the tons of different car skins that they have added that look similiar to popular American vehicle models (there is a station wagon that when I first saw it, I thought it was the Griswolds heading to Wally World :) )  and other fun things about the game that make it enjoyable.  You can add your own music to the library to listen to the radio, or you can tune in to internet radio stations if you need some music while you drive.  I'm interested to see what direction they go with expanding the map with more states beyond California, Nevada and Arizona, perhaps more truck models, etc.  The customization of your trucks is top notch, and with the huge amount of mods out there made by users, the game itself has a lot of things you can add to it to make it even more enjoyable.  Pick up a copy if you haven't, you'll be glad you did."
76561198072607651,Recommended,270880,24363906,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Texes_xx_BNSF,very good
,Recommended,270880,24369120,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Brabus,"This game is worth every penny.The game brings me back to my trucking days in 18 Wheels Of Steel, I love it.Altough there is a bit way to go to reach the same stage as 18 Wheels of steel, I am looking forward to putting some hours into this game.The only negative thing I noticed about this game compared to ETS2, is that I do not have the possibility to change the currency to my countrys currency (Norwegian Kroner - NOK), the only currency available is US Dollars, and Euro.Overall: 10/10"
,Recommended,270880,24370282,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jay,"This game is great, lots of fun. Hope it continues to grow, definitly takes a little time to get used to."
,Recommended,270880,24371544,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Thomas563,Love this game One of the best Truck Simulater I have seen and exsperianced! Hope to see it keep growing updating in the future.
76561198301458897,Recommended,270880,24372200,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,liamgallagher,"American Truck Simulator is probably the one of the most innovative trucking sims on the market, and the main reason for this is all of it's features. Here is a summary of those features:- Luxuriously detailed trucks (complete with working interiors) and trailers- Sumptuously and beautifully detailed American environments packed with traffic, pedestrians, other truckers, police, and interactive scenery- Stream tons of different online radio stations or import your own songs into the game for entertainment on the road- Modify virtually each and every aspect of your rigs with some of the deepest customization ever in a trucking sim: engines, chassis, retarders, decals, paint, grill guards, and more..."
,Recommended,270880,24372882,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Kreb,"Managed to drive nearly half way across California while listening to Hotel California, hopefully when the game is done I can drive through Alabama listening to Sweet Home Alabama."
76561198062522256,Recommended,270880,23688133,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,tanker_in_tan,"I've invested alot of time in this game.  I will continue to let this consume my life.  This isn't an action game so keep on truckin' if you want car chases and the ability to mow down pedestrians go play GTA.  If you want a truely relaxing experience then play this.I've read the reviews complaining about the map being reletively small, especially compared to its older brother Euro Truck Sim 2.  These people aren't following the Devs announcements, or even the news on the title screen.  Nevada was released with the game followed closly by Arizona for free.  SCS is currently rescalling the exsisting map from 1:35 scale to 1:20 scale making a big difference.The second big complaint is the strickness of the police.  It is true.  It's also true that cops are more strict with Semi drivers because the fines are higher...and they're usually about 40 tons making them very dangerous vehicles.More states are on the way.  SCS has stated that modelers are working on new plant life and landmarks as the rest of the team works on the rescale opening the existing world even more.  The team for ATS started with about 20 people.  Since its release they've tripled thier numbers.Massive community with great workshop content.  Fantastic controller support.  Hard working Devs who are giving us the best experience anyone could want in a simulation.PROS-very nice models and beautiful landscapesVery relaxinggreat controller supportRetired trucker approved (really.  This isn't a statement for the ""found this funny"" click)Internet radio with a variety of genresCONS-Waiting on more truck manufacturers.  Currently only Peterbuilt and Kensworth. (Volvo, Mercedes, MANN, and more can be found in the workshop now though)AI can be life threateningIn cab sound effects are a little lacklusterNo visable damage modelsA very picky 8/10Side note - I purchased ETS 2 when it was on sale because of this game.  Now I argue with myself on which to play."
76561198193980382,Recommended,270880,20969741,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SS90GunninGamerz,Very thrilling game i love it!
,Recommended,270880,20969812,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,StuffedSquirrels,"Got a $1,000 speeding ticket for going 31 in a 30.Would hire an attorney again. 10/10"
76561198279168487,Recommended,270880,20970309,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,hunter 85,love it even though the cops are a little hard and cars go after you
76561198127168267,Recommended,270880,20970580,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Maximus_ZA,"As always, tonnes of fun."
76561198271935640,Recommended,270880,20970963,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,gneccotwo,"I have to say that American Trucking Simulator is THE next best addition to Euro Truck Simulator 2.  Every bit of detail, and effort that this company put into that game is evident in American Truck Simulator.I have become diagnosed with chronic migraines and vertigo.  Vertigo has subsided a bit, and I haven't drove in a long time.  Euro Truck helped me get back on the road with confidence and I shall continue to use American Truck for it as well.Thank you SCS for such an awesome game.  When I found Rachel, Nevada with the Little Ale' Inn, that took the cake. I wanted to go out there to observe red flag but never had the chance to go.  Just like it looks in Google Earth for the main building, and I love the night textures.  You guys just rock. What can I say. Well done SCS."
76561198067746287,Recommended,270880,20971658,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BirdDog,"Well its a little dissapointing  how they made the interstates and cut up the highways. Seeing highway 101 split into two very short fragments and Hwy 1 seems like they created their own road and put the Hwy 1 symbol on it. On ramps are too short, where there are interchanges in real life there are measly turn offs in the game.But even with all that I still really enjoy the game and they did get a lot of stuff right like the straight line that is I5, frontage roads, and middle of nowhere highway drives. For anyone saying wait for a sale, come on its on sale right now. If you're interested buy it while its $20 before they add more content."
76561198013292880,Recommended,270880,20971868,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Bobtail Tout,"I bought ETS2 for $3.74 on a Steam sale, I feel that I 'stole' that game. I am happy to pay $20 for this game even though at this point there is very little content. I know that SCS will be adding much more for free in the near future, this is simply an early launch version. I like that everything looks just like ETS2, the menus, UI, etc because I know where everything is and it is seamless to go from one game to the other, without trying to remember where such and such option is. I hate when companies feel the need to change the menus to a game just for the sake of doing it, usually for the worse.There are 2 trucks and 2 states so far. If I had doubts that there will be more than this, I would not recommend it for $20, but I know, we all know, that this is just the beginning of what will be a great game.I play with a Thrustmaster T150 wheel with the Pro pedals add on and 2 Thrustmaster TH8A shifters. Yes, you read that right, 2 of them. Everything works fine in this game. I have my shifting set up in H pattern with one of the shifters and the other one (which is my rally style handbrake) is my gear change shifter, to go beyond the first 6 gears. Unfortunately I can't program the game for the 7th gear on my shifter. Hopefully SCS will change this in the future."
76561198223826844,Recommended,270880,20972775,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TuckTank,good game realistic cars from real life and good texure
76561198013891042,Recommended,270880,20973183,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nielsen,feel good game =)
76561198152460664,Recommended,270880,20973838,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,GucciGatana,"This game is quite amazing. Very fun to play while relaxing and listening to music. My only problem is the law system and merging on highways. Laws are so stricted that 1mph over gets you a fine, while all npc cars can go 20 mph over. And the merging roads are so short and the cars just don't let you merge. But overall great game. Very realistic, and I recommend anyone who likes simulation games. 9/10"
76561198077446816,Recommended,270880,20974021,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jovar B. Varenheit,"I'll go ahead and give my recommendation that it worth the buy. We may only have two states and two trucks as of now, but Arizona is already announced in development, so we're already about to have three states.I don't have my CDL, but I'm looking for a school to get them as I've always been interested in getting my CDL.Out of all the games I've played being from computer to PlayStation and Xbox I can honestly say that when I play this game and when I played ETS 2 it relaxes me just driving around making deliveries on these games.I can't speak yet to how accurate the deliveries are to what truck drivers actually do since I'm not one myself, but the game it self is impressive on how well they simulated the drving mechanics of trucks."
76561198084292081,Recommended,270880,20967759,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chilled,"Love the game so far. Only two problems I have with it. Number one the speed limit changes every 5 seconds that being once you have gotten up to speed you have to slow down. Number two the tickets (like speeding and running red lights) are very easy to do because the speed changes so often that you don't always notice, also you can't be in the crosswalk at a red light at all or you get a 700 dollar fine. Yes that sounds like annoying problems, but to be honest this is a great game and with the cities and States to come it will be even better. The rating I give it ATM is 8/10 but only because there are two States and two type's of trucks right now, but in the near future there will be more which might change my score."
76561198038408576,Recommended,270880,20967991,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,praytor00,Awesome game have drove both these trucks before they act pretty close to how they do in real life. Yes game needs more stuff but overall it's started good :)
76561198243946176,Recommended,270880,20968161,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SgtSully,"Love this game. If you enjoy ETS2, this is the game for you. It is a little underwhelming, with only California, Nevada, and the Peterbilt 579 and Kenworth T680. This should change soon, with the state of Arizona being added soon as a free DLC, and the Peterbilt 389 and Kenworth W900 are on their way. The devs have shown us sneak peeks at a International Lonestar, Volvo VNL780, and a Freightliner in the works, and have stated that they will be supporting the game long-term. ATS is not as forgiving for new truck drivers as ETS2, so I would suggest you be extremely careful if this is your first trucking game, as the fines are horrendous. $1000 for speeding, $900 for hitting a car, and $700 for running a red-light. The cops are merciless, and when you only have $1500 to start with, it adds up quickly. I would highly recommend the game if you are like me and love details and eye-candy. The map is beautiful, very detailed with small additions such as skateboarders in parks and workmen at delivery points. The delivery points are much more varied and detailed compared to ETS2. This game does feel like a standalone DLC to ETS2 at this point, but I think that once more content is released it will begin to come into its own. While people are complaining that the whole map is only about the size of two ETS2 UKs, they have failed to note that the map is much more detailed than ETS2. In ETS2, every town looks pretty much the same, while in ATS, there is actually some fun in discovering new towns and cities, they actually look different from one another. I love this game and at $20, it's very reasonably priced, especially with more content to come."
,Recommended,270880,21364567,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,^9LAN | ^1Bozidar02 ^2[92],"This is such a good game!The gameplay is just amazing, and infact having thethought that you are driving around in 'Murica is just amazing.Euro Truck Simulator 2 was good, but this is so much better.Buy this game, its worth the money!"
76561198157089751,Not Recommended,270880,22030973,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Dark-Knighton,"Don't bother. I really enjoyed ETS2 but this one...seemed exactly the same. Only difference is the scenery and trucks, same old game though, got bored pretty quickly.I don't know if it had anything to do with my Mods on ETS2, but I had the american trucks on that one, so the game wasn't that different for me. I guess it would of been better if I hadn't driven those trucks in the previous game.But for a palyer who hasn't modded his Euro Truck, the novelty of driving american trucks would be appealing and make you want to purchase I guess- I refunded my copy after 45 mins.A shame as I was looking forward to this game, was hoping it was going to drastically different. But really wasn't."
76561198012843926,Recommended,270880,22137113,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Masterjento,this game is a lot of fun i paly ETS II and i play ATS both games are fun and enjoy it very mucha lot of people isn't happy with this game but i can tell you this there is more to come when they start bring out more states to drive so it will be as fun as ETS 2 becuase they are the ones that created ETS and ETS 2 so ATS will be a great game to play so my sugguesting don't give up on playing again becuase it hasn't been fully completed and i give ATS 10 out of 10 in my gamers eyes
,Recommended,270880,22387626,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,{LPT}lRACER,"love the game just i wish they will put in better ai but 999,999,999/10"
76561198097456492,Recommended,270880,25198942,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Noisycricket,Great game. Awesome graphics. A great truck driving simulatir.
76561198007908451,Recommended,270880,21003906,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CHICKENSTRIP23,I Love this game its worth every Penny all i have to say is America that is all.
,Recommended,270880,21243448,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,jake1356,Great game to calm you down when xcom 2 throws a floating eyeball at you and kills your highest ranking soliders
,Recommended,270880,23853217,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,stipesks,I really like this game and hope that there is more DLC to come in the future.
76561198053132002,Recommended,270880,23862408,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DADDY!!!,"well so far so good, but they should more locations asap and more truck varieties"
,Recommended,270880,23864816,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Wolf244,i would totaly recomend this game to anyone.this game is amazing listsening to the sound of Diesel engin roar as you pull  your load from place to  place the sceans are amazing just becarefull at night Ai cars tend to sneek up on your sides so be aware and this game would be more aswome if the trucks actualy had smoke comming from the stacks but other then that this is one amazing game.10/10  and keep on trucking
76561198241002334,Recommended,270880,23619421,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,4figtree,"I’m not a trucker, but there's something fun about getting in a truck, high above other drivers, pulling lots of inertia, and driving in a beautifully rendered world.What I like most is the world you drive in. Its artwork, see the screenshots, and captures the feel of each area. Also the long term playability of the game. It requires attention, you’ll pay if you don’t, yet relaxing somehow, and the world is growing larger. A game to savor.What I like least is I wish I could drive longer in real time before having to stop and rest but apparently this is based on real truck driving laws. There’s an option to turn this off but wish there was a way to drive longer but still require rest.A great game, huge value, definitely recommend it."
76561198046058452,Recommended,270880,23694277,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Gub,10/10 would throw my monitor out of my 92857573636366262 story hotel room again after a cop spawn makes me pay a 3000 dollar ticket for going 1 over the speed limit also 10/10 for realism
76561198212039175,Recommended,270880,20942906,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,[RPPK] Volvoman12,awsome
,Recommended,270880,23482772,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,DedSec ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Amazing game the graphics is so good and the trucks to better than Euro truck simulator 2 lol jkThay are both good :)
76561198162162982,Recommended,270880,21903685,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Coltonw023456,i like it
,Recommended,270880,21006477,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,KacperR,"An amazing game, great follow up to Euro Truck Sim 2. 8/10. Will be better with more trucks"
,Recommended,270880,22236574,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,NUT IN MY BUTT,Livin my dream of truckin through America
76561198123841073,Recommended,270880,22369187,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SIF,Good.
76561198020310818,Recommended,270880,22370714,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Vampiernocturnis,"This game rocks. I love ETS2 and have been waiting for this game.  There are some minor things I'd like to see more like ETS2, but I am sure as time goes on this game will become even better."
,Recommended,270880,22385330,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ᖫ✧WɅVΞ✧ᖭ,its is a very fun game and i recomend it for anybody that likes trucks and simulation games
76561198164367704,Recommended,270880,22385988,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,JakeTheCornFlake,y hasnt the update downloaded for me yet. Do u have to do that manualy
,Recommended,270880,22387839,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,feistycadaver,Blew by the scale and only got charged $140.  My PrePass must not be working.10/10 would blow by with eyes closed again.
76561198056822579,Recommended,270880,22388968,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ram,good stress reliever. very hipnotic
76561198294331009,Recommended,270880,22390226,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Demondawg225,I had been watching this game for a while and I finally got it. Don't get much time to play it but so far I love it.
,Recommended,270880,22391352,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,?Bread Fish,I personally find this an amazing game as more updates will come so we can get more and more places. I'd love to go to Texas. But what I find bad about this game is that nearly every road is the same and the games these guys make could improve on their work? But I find this great.
76561198045379907,Recommended,270880,22402115,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MrJoeSmo,"after putting over 100 hours into this game, and still going up, i think its safe to say this game is worth 20 bucks! i have logged over 200 hours in Euro Truck Simulator 2, so i have been with this series for a little while. but i have to say, even though there are only 3 trucks, from 2 brands, and 2 states, a 3rd being worked on and going to be added for free, this game somehow is able to keep me hooked. you hear people saying games like farm simulator are ""zen games"" this game is no different, just put on your music, or stream your favourite radio station, and play this game, is really calming. and i have noticed some people saying its repetitive, and to that i say, no♥♥♥♥♥♥ the whole game, involves you sitting behind a wheel delivering cargo to their destenations, that is all you do, i mean sure you can fill up gas, sleep at rest stops, and... whell thats pretty much it. no getting out of your vehicle... look, if you have played ets2 or have seen any videos on it, you know what to expect. this game is the exact same as euro truck simulator 2, just set in the United States of America, with american trucks. but i am okay with this being the same as ETS 2, they have made a game that i can easily put hundereds of hours into without thinking about it. to put it in perspective, i have 167 games in my library, as of writing this, and the game i put the most time in out of the 167 games is Euro Truck Simulator 2, and American Truck Simulator is quickly climbing the charts, as of the time of writing this review, i have logged 101.4 hours into it, with 12.6 hours in the last 2 weeks and i am still playing it. i dont think this game is for everyone of course, some people cant sit and do the same thing for hundereds of hours, but if you are looking for a good truck simulator, American Truck Simulator is worth it, same goes for Euro Truck Simulator. i am loving this game to bits, and as a matter of fact, next week, i start classes for me to get my CDL A class, thats the Comerical Drivers Licence that allows me to opertate trucks like these, and i have to give thinks to the guys at SCS, between these guys and family i have that are truck drivers, i am going for my dream. but know that this game is not perfect, not terrible, but not perfect, the AI can be sketchy at times, and time compression mixed with traffic can cause problems, but i have never encountered any game breaking bugs."
,Recommended,270880,22404683,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pister Mopo,"As a devoted player of Euro Truck Simulator 2, I can safely say that SCS has hit another home run.  While, the truck/accessory selection isn't quite on the same level as ETS 2, it is still pretty decent.  Other than that, the gameplay itself is spectacular, from the map(s) to the truck/trailer physics, to the greatly improved A.I.  Not for the faint of heart, albeit, but definitely a game that I can play for an hour or several hours.  10/10."
76561198003474846,Recommended,270880,22405307,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,J. Hohenzollern,"""Highly addicting, immerse graphics and a lot of fun to drive the American Trucks.""10/10 – J. Hohenzollern"
76561198043703130,Recommended,270880,22340860,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,maddog11171,This game is a big thumbs up highly recommend if you like vehicle simulators.
76561198301496042,Recommended,270880,25383709,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,kyle21399,m
76561198269209841,Recommended,270880,25464245,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,mohammed.sh1206,cool
76561198165431677,Recommended,270880,25466896,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,kerri.davies2009,"good game shame the online has to be hacked by going into the settings then screwing your games up all the time cant even relaunch my original save for the game. dissapointed by the effects of trying to get multiplayer, worked at first but then no jobs showing up and no truck to drive round in"
,Recommended,270880,21774706,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,HUNT3R,"Awesome game, can't wait for new DLC's and updates."
76561198147076563,Recommended,270880,21523060,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,slingdong ()()()()()(),Great way to kill time and also learn about how life is as a trucker. If it not were for kids i would rake up alot of hours butalas i have not. Great game!
76561198271896460,Recommended,270880,21034740,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,WhistlingTomb,Amazing game but you should be able to get rid of emails
,Recommended,270880,21715221,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TheSimPlayer,Comparing to 18WOS:ALH this game I like because it is more realistic than 18WOS:ALH which I like.10/10
76561198091797653,Recommended,270880,20952451,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,diddy.2003,omgomgomgomgomgomgomg best game ever 1000000000000000000000000000000000/10
76561198165415198,Recommended,270880,20995291,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,abinthomas74,Great
76561197997070961,Recommended,270880,21265356,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Blissful,"Fully recommend this game! It is awesome, 70% of the map driven and most cities visited has me hooked. With MP mod a thing this game just keeps getting better!!!"
76561198049014327,Recommended,270880,22404830,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Professor,"Update  Dec 15, 2016                                 ATS has a Bright FutureBuy ATS. Great game. ATS needs more maps. Thank you for Arizona DLC, Rescale, blimps, birds, planes, boats, helicopters, and skydivers.Thank you for the smart A.I.( NPC traffic) and driving aids. They make me a better truck driver."
76561198145074915,Recommended,270880,31000372,Posted: 7 April,all,NUMBNUTZ88,Great game
76561198084555114,Recommended,270880,20953841,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DaDoug,"Very good, Leveling now kinda wish there were more then two trucks to start with.If you liked ets2 then you will love the new American truck sim"
76561198273300135,Recommended,270880,21413076,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Readywolf,"Please fix this: When I get on the game, the Quick Jobs will not appear and theres nothing I can do about it. I will try to get on and off the game, but that does not seem to help at all."
,Recommended,270880,21407552,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,BMXPES007,"Love this game!!! As a real truck driver, this is the shiiiieet beeeitch!!"
76561198055679560,Recommended,270880,21408027,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,robw436,I hope they expand map to cover the WHOLE USA and add more truck brands like MACK
,Recommended,270880,21413680,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zimo,"Great gamea nd what you would expect, however Not very diffrent from ETS2. Still a greate game."
,Recommended,270880,21417079,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,BIGEGAMING,This Game is so sweet and realistic tons of options and co-op
76561198110478564,Recommended,270880,21408243,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,imtimaitator3,like the game but needs more maps ok thanks tj
,Recommended,270880,21408566,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,RewiredTV,"This is one of the most fun simulator driving games I have played. It takes all of the best parts of Euro Truck Sim 2 and slaps an American look on everything. I feel more at home with these beefier looking trucks and abandoned strip malls everywhere.Isn't enough? Hop into the multiplayer mod and drive with thousands of other truckers, start your own company and hire other employees!"
76561198000577015,Recommended,270880,21416451,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,BadCow,Great truck sim!!!
76561197992223021,Recommended,270880,21417025,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Muzzsup,"I have Semi trucks around the usa for over 20 yrs and 2.2 million miles , i can say this sim is in the very realistic category .And a lot of fun . Give it a Try !"
,Recommended,270880,21415572,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cole,"The greatness of this game, can not be explained. There's some issues because the routes feel VERY close, as if you do not have to go far like you do in ETS2.Other than that, GET THE GAME, NOW!"
76561198257893852,Recommended,270880,21408298,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,willy boye,"American Truck Simulator.... well there is a lot to say about this game, good and bad points lets start of with the bad points so we can end on a good note :)BADi know there is still many tweeks and dlc to be added but i feel like you can only up grade your truck so much.(lights horns ect) looking over the long nose in the cab is a little tricky too, i just feel like more needs to be done to the driving side like heavy braking should leed to you locking up and skiding, just little thingsGOODits like euro truck sim 2- but in the usa ;)the feel of the truck is the same apart from taking bends a little wider than you would on ets2.graphics are amazing- tumble weeds, aircraft ect ectsound of truckspeed and graphics good as well (if ur going fast it looks like ur going fast)BUTall in all id pick this game to play as i know its only going to get better and better... put it up next to ETS2 id play ETS2 but as i say .. American Truck Simulator is only going to get better"
,Recommended,270880,21417665,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Northish,Eh
76561198043493024,Recommended,270880,21410797,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Redface,Just like Euro Truck Simultar 2 but with a change of scenery
76561197993575672,Recommended,270880,21417276,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,lil scooby,It's too late.tooooo lateeeits tooooooo latetoo latefor love
76561198124336844,Recommended,270880,21239887,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ChristiaN,"===REVIEW===American Truck Simulator, a awesome realistic game !GOOD :Awesome Graphics (in Ultra Settings)ETS 2 RemasteredPolice Cars'Merica, F*CK YEAH !!!TUMBLEWEEDS !!!Mythic Cities : Las Vegas, San Francisco...Mythic and Real AI CarsMODS !BAD :Only Two Trucks (with different models)Too Small Map (Only California and Nevada)Oh my God, 1000$ for a Speeding of 10 miles ?!!TOO SMALL MAP !!!Good graphics, but... ALIASING. Argh.STUPID AIIF YOU'RE NOT A FAN OF TRUCKS, DON'T BUY THIS GAME YET, WAIT SOME UPDATES"
76561198209137503,Recommended,270880,21035842,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,j4ck,Cool.
76561198013311710,Recommended,270880,21243603,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,jodygallant,were to start so i am canadian and i see these trucks daily in fact i drive a w900 myself and you guys got the truck right but the motor sound sucks real bad does not sound like a cat at all  and the horn ? come on really thats one gay horn have you guys even seen one of these trucks in person before ? im surprized kw signed off on this crap like i said you got the truck dead on but the sounds are garbage. the jake break sound is vary good the rest sucksupgrades for the trucks are limited witch sucks stacks look not real and the shape is offnow for the game play city to city way too short if you get sleepy and pull off your late stupid if you ask meroads are too skinny and corners are too tight cars are stupid and just drive right into you ets 2 was made vary well true times for trips its almost like you guys did not even try on this one if your gonna make a us based game do your home work on the roads signs times i really hope you do some big updates on this game and fix the problems becouse people are right it seems like a game and not a sim id like to see mack frightliner int and other brands of trucks you mite wanna add some wide loads too and heavy huals and maybe add a kw t800 and t800h into the mix i mean it is a good game but needs alot and i mean alot of work to be up to par ill recommend the game for preople that just want to drive a truck but not for those of you that are really into sims this is a fail at this point if you want a sim pick up ets2
,Recommended,270880,20972635,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Legomonstor,This game is exactly what o wanted it to be ETS2 with some new featchers and in America
,Recommended,270880,21191288,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[F! TL!] Rab,Couldn't recommend it enough!
76561198054037472,Recommended,270880,31102267,Posted: 12 April,all,Gidget the Midget,"Ats is a good game, but the best part about it is a mod called truckers MP. This mod allows you to play this game with others from anywhere in the world! check it out."
76561198298571699,Recommended,270880,22921212,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,HAMMER LANE,"GREAT GAME. LOVE THE OPEN ROAD. GREAT GRAPHICS, LOOKING LIKE NEW MAP DLC NEVER COMING."
,Not Recommended,270880,22055146,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,REYOFTSINC,It takes the world's best computer to get good graphics WASTE of $20
,Recommended,270880,30189499,Posted: 26 February,all,cholla,(:
76561197970004695,Recommended,270880,28105050,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hovis,Much like Euro Truck Simulator 2 except with faster trucks and fewer speed cameras.Traffic laws are a bit of a mess though. I think I killed everybody in Reno.
,Not Recommended,270880,28939396,Posted: 2 January,all,Bownsy105,"This is the second time I have purchased this game, and the second time I have requested a refund.As a fan of Euro Truck sim 2 I wanted to like this game. ETS2 was released back in 2012, and for a game that was brand new as of early 2016, I did not feel that enough had changed.Fast forward to now and I still feel the same. The graphics are not much of an improvement over ETS2. The progression and management systems are identical and overall nothing more has been done to the simulation aspect of this game.I feel this game could have been a great opportunity to build a modern truck sim from the ground up, and improve upon the problems that where apparent in ETS2. However, SCS, instead of improving the formula, have just copied ETS2 problems and all. If you have never purchased a truck sim from SCS before then this is not a bad buy, you will probably have fun. That said, if you’re coming over from ETS2 and looking for an improved experience, then I can't recommend this game, at least not in it's current state."
,Recommended,270880,29038814,Posted: 5 January,all,Pineapple Face,first of I want to say i love this game but more trucks need to be added in the game that it.
76561198007922252,Recommended,270880,29237748,Posted: 13 January,all,Bullshot,how do i play with other people in the game. plz tell how i can do it
76561198279185142,Recommended,270880,28299862,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Knitler,It's a really good game.
,Recommended,270880,25121761,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,N◌oodles~,"The Eruo truck simulator that couldn't.This American spin-off of Euro truck simulator 2 is still in it's building stages and is good so far.Like the previous games, in ATS your mission is still you deliver goods on time and in good shape while maximizing your profits to start your own company. Customize your ride with chrome parts, paint it up or visit the workshop page for new models.Only issue with this game is the steering control options - can be tricky to find the sweet spot between not turning at all to flicking your truck upside down.8.5/10 - Steering wheel recommened!"
76561198345175190,Recommended,270880,31409166,Posted: 27 April,all,malodi06,como puedo saber mi product key si lo compre el linea anto el de american truck simulator como el de eurotruck
,Recommended,270880,31407730,Posted: 27 April,all,DHM,Nice game
,Recommended,270880,31410355,Posted: 28 April,all,TheJunkMan65,didn't get to play it want to redownload it to try again
,Recommended,270880,30328350,Posted: 4 March,all,djoscar2k6,let me tell you this game is awsome i like what it offers
,Recommended,270880,31621562,Posted: 8 May,all,Scottini12 [YT],The American counterpart of Euro Truck Simulator 2. The gameplay is the same as ets with the only difference being the American style trucks and trailers. Again mods can be used to further improve the gameplay. The multiplayer is quite bare as not many people play it compared to ets making it quite boring unless with friends.
,Recommended,270880,21175744,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,jay,most amazing sim game i have played better than euro truck simulator 2 worth the £14.99 and much more
76561198172463550,Recommended,270880,22753368,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,[RWG]SteelersNation18,Great game. Wish there are more truck brands
,Recommended,270880,22755985,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,[Atg_045]DDL SETIAWAN😍,it is a very interesting game i would like to see if wee can get out of the truck and check the tire truck adn everything but overall the best game
76561198272047770,Recommended,270880,31499318,Posted: 1 May,all,johnnywayman985,I think you guys are doing great but if possible could you add some light accessories to the mix and make it to where the lights go on the mirrors and on the front bumper and maybe add some reverse on the back of the truck and add a rack on it as well.
,Recommended,270880,22866453,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Boby555,nice game
76561198141971236,Recommended,270880,23372228,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MrBigShip,"I love this game, so far it is better than ETS2."
76561198295032203,Recommended,270880,22872841,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SpeedRacerPlays,"Amazing Game! This Game Can Be Described In Many Ways! For Example: Relaxing, Time Consuming, Etc. If you are thinking about getting this game. Stop Thinking and just get it! it is Worth the 20$"
,Recommended,270880,22872193,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,isaccsolis,Drive trucks. In america. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,270880,23373838,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mattster1993,"Great Game, needs more trucks as you only have a choice of 2 companies (i understand they need to speak with companies to get access to trucks) but a total of 3 types of trucks in a game this big is a little worrying but other than that the game has great graphics"
76561198110509487,Recommended,270880,23375083,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Thabdox,"Great game!For a small dev like SCS, i really think they've come a LOOONG way from the old 18 wheels of steel games.Im personally really looking forward to the map expansion of ATS, and my only real wish is that they would put some more standard modification options in for all of the trucks.... but then again, we have have unofficial mods ;DGreat game for all truck fanatics!"
76561198157156125,Recommended,270880,23361410,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,CaffeinatedSloth6,"Great game with hours of fun! When the singleplayer version gets too... 'easy' for you, there's a whole new adventure waiting on the multiplayer side of the game!"
,Recommended,270880,23374051,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,James_84,"ATS is an awesome game, really enjoy the MP, wish there were more gas stations in MP so there isn't any blocking in intersection's, I have played the AZ Open Beta, everything looks and sounds great, just need a couple fixes here and there especially with the Horn sounds. SCS: if you can please add Tunnel Sound's.. Also if you can add realistic damage,tire ware,smoke coming out of the exchuast pipes and truckers getting flat's that would be awesome to the game. It'll be more realistic... Thank you"
76561198263017882,Recommended,270880,23387950,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,xXxHARRISONxXx,This is an amazing and one of the better games but could patch together some bug fixes
76561198203797316,Recommended,270880,23368335,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ZachOnTak,"American Truck Simulator offers a variety of playing ability in the world of owning a Trucking Business.This simulator allows the player to start off their trucking by working for other companies in order to make money. OR. Players can borrow a bank loan, to immediately make money, which simple deductions being made over time. Grow and develop your own company (which you can name, buy trucks for, and buy garages for) to become the ultimate trucking company in the U.S. (California, Nevada, Arizona so far)WHAT I LIKE --The defualt trucks are the ""kings of the road""-Both Steam and exotic mod support-LOTS of customization for the trucks-Default trailers look amazing-Realism includes fines for disobeying the law, speed limits, traffic lights, traffic, other truck traffic, landmarks (e.g. Golden Gate Bridge) (PLUS A LOT MORE)-Free map expansions (Arizona)-Little to no crashes (unless using a corrupt mod)-No ""super-computer"" needed (runs smoothly on mostly anyting)WHAT I DON'T LIKE--Too many police cars around-Very high citation prices (raised if police are involved or around the incident)-Only 3 default truck designs (unless modded)-Speed limits are high on very twisty roads-Some drop off points are annoyingOverall, American Truck Simulator, or ATS for short, is an amazing game by the SCS Software crew, who were also the creators of ETS and ETS2 (Euro Truck Simulator and Euro Truck Simulator 2)"
76561198119630642,Recommended,270880,28187630,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,daycri83,The best
76561198360145343,Recommended,270880,31780370,Posted: 15 May,all,TruckinGod23,Workshop mods are crap won't work fix this lost 3/4 of my mods.
76561198041890746,Recommended,270880,23266087,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,dopeyy77,how do i get the arizona ?
76561198202413236,Recommended,270880,24028790,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,xboxboy409,JUST PERFECT
,Recommended,270880,29858590,Posted: 11 February,all,[TrailerParkBoys] Bubbles,awesome game would recomend to anyone into simulation
76561198356399351,Recommended,270880,32178873,Posted: 4 June,all,KENWORTH_AUSTIN_1998,this is a very good game
,Recommended,270880,28298546,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,eagamer05,its a verry fun and rilistike game
76561198018519477,Recommended,270880,24661640,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,kblaked,god
76561198310512651,Recommended,270880,24463307,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,COMMANDER AWESOME,this game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,270880,23710191,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,[GL] hoopsure,"This is probably one of the best games I've played. Let me make the list.Pros:Realism - Like some others have stated you will bring stuff to where it actually goes, like construction equipment will go to construction site, etc.More Realism - Now I know some people say the AI is broken, but when I play it works really well. They slow down and even stop when your merging onto a highway, they will let you take your turn at a stop sign, as long as you use your turn signals then the AI works great, and much more!Even more Realism - Working mirrors (that you can adjust so you can see out of them better), looking out your window, when it rains you can turn on your wipers and if you don't then you can't see as well out your window, while driving you need fuel, you can get tired (I don't know yet on what happens when your tired haven't had a 24 hour drive yet), traffic offenses (they don't go full on all the laws in the us I don't think because then it would be a little to hard to start), when your in the county you can see crop dusters actually dusting their crops, and lots more.Mod Support - When a game adds mod support it allows the community to really get into the game because they can make content for it for other to use and make their experience more enjoyable. Like say you want a feature in the game but isn't in the game yet/won't be in the game, you can use a mod someone made and have that feature. They even help by letting you know when a mod is incompatible so you don't go searching for hours with tons of mods installed for the mod that breaks your game.Trucking - It's as the title and description say, you're a truck driver. (Idk if this is a spoiler but I'll assume it is) You start off with no money but your a driver for hire, earn enough money to buy your own truck and be your own boss. (Or get a bank loan and buy a truck. :P) I got most of the DLC when I bough the game as most of it is free. (Unless somehow Nevada isn't in yet and I have it for some reason. :P) If you think the drive times will be realistic because the game is very realistic then don't worry, they don't want you to spend 20 hours on one delivery. It goes much faster.And Lots Lots More!Cons:The only con for me is turning needs a tiny bit of work, like I'm use to the wheel auto-correcting when I let got of the turning button but I guess it's more realistic that you have to turn the other way to stop turning.My Opinion of the Game:A must buy if you like a nice relaxing game. Just you and the open road. But is still very fun. And I'll let y'all in on a funny place to sit online, if you go to Oxnard, the GPS takes you a route that most people at one point have no idea how to drive on so there is just a 50 truck pile up. And sometimes someone will be going 100 miles an hour and fly off the cliff. Lol. Definitely recommend this game. Fun times."
76561198317340379,Recommended,270880,31136785,Posted: 14 April,all,archeexd154,"I really enjoyed this game. The long hauls are quite time consuming but not at all boring. I would not hesitate to recommend this game to others, I love it! I really like the way you can design your own trucks and start a multi-million haulage company. Amazing work SCS!"
76561198086137428,Recommended,270880,28515299,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Namert | cs.money,"Wow, for some days ago where you made a new update me stearingwheel would not connect with the game! It all happend after the new update"
,Recommended,270880,31208485,Posted: 17 April,all,Flapeo,its pretty dank!!
76561198302656007,Recommended,270880,23006750,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,finlayh09,very good game highly recomend
,Recommended,270880,23011466,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TouchMyButt,"Awesome Game, love the mods and the work they continue to put into it. It will be one of those games I always have in my favorites. As is ETS2 as well. I love the new mod manager in ATS, it's great and easy to use."
76561198169037110,Recommended,270880,23012970,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,rbitner81,I bought this to use with my rift cv1 and have spent way longer than i think it should have taken to figure out how to get it working on it. But today i finally did and i must say wow just wow. I used to be a truck driver and i owned my own truck. And while not perfect in its simulation it does a very good job.
76561198074745247,Recommended,270880,21588185,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jake Bird,AMAZING
,Recommended,270880,21329137,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SuperRedNova,Great for spending large amounts of excess time.
,Recommended,270880,21327553,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,StrandedPanda,Wish i could drive in Wyoming
,Recommended,270880,21333325,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,thegravy,Was driving on the left side of the road your reason for not buying the previous Euro Truck Sim games? No excuses now. Get it.
,Recommended,270880,21821167,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,rick ross' necklace,I honestly wish Euro Truck Simulator 2 had the level of detail this map has but I still think both games are incredible regardless. 9/10
,Recommended,270880,21120852,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Vargur,"Some retard passed me on the right, pulled up in front and then hit the breaks.10/10 would ram him again"
76561198156462312,Recommended,270880,22445144,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,YoloAtGames,Great game. The endHighly recommended that you get a wheel of some sort i have the g 27 and is brilliant.
,Recommended,270880,20924577,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SlapBone,"Refund requested.Feels like they weren't really trying. Even for 20 bones, the content seems kind of light.Update:  I actually purchased this game a second time and decided not to let my disappointment overwhelm my attitude.With the addition of Workshop and the upcoming rescale, I'm sure this will rise to the level of EU2"
76561198028868039,Recommended,270880,27366463,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,turborunner,"Awesome game for the content so far, i enjoy travelling the roads and picking up cargo and delivering cargo.If you like to drive trucks and want to drive in America then this is the sim for you.Also would recommend a steering wheel for more realism but can be played with other input devices"
76561198065043850,Recommended,270880,21697849,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,jeff.patches,"i love this game,cant get enough play time,i eat sleep and drink anerican truck simulator."
76561198060140521,Recommended,270880,21708421,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Maclee75,So glad I upgraded my PC just for this Simulator.  Play a lot of sims and this one has to be the best one ever.  Well worth the wait for it's release
76561198123134996,Recommended,270880,24288902,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,pmkelly1,ATS is a great way to relax in the evening. The time flys by when I play this game!
76561198163281397,Recommended,270880,24307392,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,R.Lima,"Muito bom, recomendo! Mas pra quem joga Euro Truck Simulator 2, não há muitas novidades, a não ser o cenário.Poderia haver mais modelos de caminhões da Peterbilt e Kenworth, que estão licenciados e carretas boiadeira e graneleira!!!"
76561198032936768,Recommended,270880,21125396,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,soldier271,Great Game
76561198293642459,Recommended,270880,23509954,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jeff,I like it
76561198152059800,Recommended,270880,24301060,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sil3nt_R3ap3r,(VTC)CRYSTAL CLEAR TRUCKING [RECRUITING]We are a new company of 5 and are looking to grow we are looking for qualified truckers to join are family company we accept all ages and trucks we do ask that you log your jobs and be respectful of others our CEO is alexander and our COO is hunter if you want to join shoot us an email at (crystalcleartrucking2016@gmail.com)with your steam name and we will send you your application and how we want your logs to look as well as all rules and requirements and our discord you can also go here and put in your application as well (http://ats.virtualtruckingmanager.com/company/47) register and fill out an application with this website we do have a auto logger
,Recommended,270880,24923801,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BSIncorporated,Extremely causual. If you're into that. I'm into that. =)
,Recommended,270880,24913777,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MoMo,very like this game and if you like trucks buy this GAME
76561198006392678,Recommended,270880,24922422,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Plissken,"This is perfect, because I don't have the courage to don a muttonstache in real life."
,Recommended,270880,27809373,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Velvet Remedy,is good game.
76561198123190695,Recommended,270880,31768071,Posted: 15 May,all,Vladimir,10/10 would crash again
76561198295872360,Recommended,270880,32222107,Posted: 6 June,all,BayAreaRebel510,Love this game
76561198045877045,Recommended,270880,32224410,Posted: 6 June,all,fdchima,Great game
76561198199790850,Recommended,270880,21280763,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kripple,"I'm not sure why I play this game, I'm not sure why I enjoy it. Get it, get the multiplayer and you'll be a fat smelly muva trucker in know time."
76561198052113284,Recommended,270880,25630699,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,reubensammich,I'm Canadian and I like this
76561198152045616,Recommended,270880,28748463,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,riana the explorer,where australian truck simulator at?! :D
76561198278678530,Recommended,270880,28749998,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,oscar bravo echo,good game should try it !!
,Recommended,270880,30321069,Posted: 4 March,all,Catellus,"I would say there are good and bad things about this game.Bad:1. Ticket prices are outageous2. Right turning on red is iffy at best, half the time you're fine the other half you'll get a fine3. California speed limits are weird (Don't know if they're actually like that or not.. but they're weird""Good:1. Really enjoyable game2. You can spend hours playing and not know it (Wasting time basically)3. Big ""Map"", but hopefully they will add more states in the future.Overall this is a very great game (imo) I loved the Euro Truck Simulator games and this one makes a great addition to the ""Truck Simulator"" series."
,Recommended,270880,29029648,Posted: 5 January,all,Fisherman Joe,Trucks are fun.
,Recommended,270880,33137079,Posted: 2 July,all,Eni,The map is a little small but the free map expansions are good for the game and I hope it goes that way!
76561197971208985,Recommended,270880,30110387,Posted: 22 February,all,MCW-Shrapnel,"I like this Game.But it should be named Fantasy Trucking.It has good graphics and passable physics and nice detail.Good game play, you can sort of get the feel of truking.And the price is fair for what you get.But it's not even close to a Simulator.These are some of the things that are needed , (in my opinion) to realy make the Game a Sim,-Real time and distances are the hallmarks of a sim (a 1000 mile trip takes a few minutes?) not and realistic.- Some interaction with drivers like.Seeing them on the mapSwitching the cameras to them.Riding with them as co-drivers.Or even seeing them on the road or in the garage.I have never driven or even seen any of the trucks I have purchased, or any of my drivers ?Other then the truck I drive.Some ramps are not realistic for highways, some have no yeald sighs and some simply have no lane to merge into traffic.There is no damage to anything, no dying or consequence for accidents other then cash, and I now have 12 garages and millions in a week of playing, the bank so no problem, very lame.There is No dirt or even spray while driving in the rain.Cargo is all the same Potatoes or cars they all behave the same .Even dangerous stuff. so no fear aspect.All the roads are perfect, Not full of cracks and holes, or any slipery conditions.Not even a bump or repair, fallen trees, animals road kill ect...NO Bicycles, Emergency Vehicles, Animals on road like Deer, Dogs, Racoons, Skunks, ect.. dead or alive, or scate-boards.NO Bbugs on Windshield nor Washer Fluid.NO hitch-hikers or accidents or anything on the road.NO Dirt, Rust or signs of aging on anything.NO Seasons or Weather other than Rain. (rather well done though)NO Pudles, Washouts, Floods, Freezing Rain, Snow, Ice, or Trash, Branches or even Slipery Wet Leaves .NO People crossing the street, NO baby strolers, or slow walking grandmas, or even stray dogs or cats.In fact there are NO everyday surprizes of any kind , not even the all un-avoidable road kill? or even hey! what's that on the road?Making it realy a Fantacy Game, rather then a Simulator.Recording trip is missing, allong with any replay of yourself or employee.No replay system, with camera views.And actualy seeing any sites next to imposible. (keep your eyes on the road)Can't pause to look around.It is also missing, most of the real trucks, found in the real world.A CB chater option could be introduced, although it might be lost to the newer generation.Garages are silly.I own 12 garages but I can't fix my own trucks. sillly.These are things I think are missing, and would greatly improve the experience.Other Problems- Fix the world map you can never tell, what country your in, the map sucks big time. (need to color code the countries )- A fix for the job selection map, it should display the traveled map, so I can see where I've been or not.- A fix for the GPS bug, sending me into the truck stops, without warning, making me waste time getting back on the road.-Fix the recruit locations, it always gives you the same people, no mater witch one is chosen on map, making discovering them useless.-Can't role down the window. (realy annoying)All that said.I think this game is sort of worth the price, fun for a week or two.But it's far from a finished game, yet alone a Sim.In fact what was done is done well, but it's what has not been done, that kills it as a Simulator..But it should be named Fantasy Trucking.That's the way I see it anyways."
,Recommended,270880,33960341,Posted: 1 August,all,ShadowFox,good game
76561198174256037,Recommended,270880,24435720,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Majorconnor10,When it thinks the city of Los Angeles is as big as 3 different counties...
76561198076511303,Recommended,270880,24196753,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Blitz Krieg 188,"I'd wish you would make this game for Game systems as well , not just PC"
,Recommended,270880,33980649,Posted: 2 August,all,Noot,noice
76561198075279895,Recommended,270880,33939053,Posted: 31 July,all,Ben McAdoo,Idk why but this game is like my meditation. I throw on some netflix on the side and im out of this world relaxed.
,Recommended,270880,33939635,Posted: 31 July,all,Carbon Skillz,Nice!
76561198040151239,Recommended,270880,33941198,Posted: 31 July,all,DARK_SIDE,"its also good, but only with a wheel/ shifter /pedals"
,Recommended,270880,33937625,Posted: 31 July,all,grt12298,this shiz fire bruh
76561198032418132,Not Recommended,270880,21374801,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Gwynn,"It's lovely. It is. relaxing, beautifull, everything you'd want from a truck simulator. Apart from those weigh stations. Everytime you're nice and up to speed you've got to pull over and do something completely and utterly tedious that in no way enhances the experience. So, after 140 hours I'm getting bored of it. And I won't recomment it, or play it, untill they get those god awfull, tedious, game-play-breaking weigh bridges into optional. FFS."
76561198333812483,Recommended,270880,25847254,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,TripleSplash,amazing game really injoy it!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,270880,21723205,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,egorundead,"great game, playable with keyboard and mouse but it is better with controler/wheel and pedals.at the moment there is only a small amount of map but with MOD's and DLC in the work it can only get better from here.great game over all with great customizations for your truck's but the down site, there is not as many radio stations to choose from unlike with uero truck simulator 2.other than that, if you computer can stream then it can play this game, nice work, get more map DLC for steam!!!"
76561198120306859,Recommended,270880,21136872,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Ryan32,Very fun driving and trucking game!!!
76561198058148050,Recommended,270880,27575515,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zero_code_name_Reaper,I am actually really glad to have this game.Always been a part of me that's wanted to just drive long distances and see new things and most of all driving a semi while doing it.I really am looking forward to the completion of the rescale and the adding of more states and any possibility of my home town being added to the game puts a smile on my face (Though not really putting any expectations that they would though could also be possible being close to a trucking hub)Something about the sound of a diesel engine with the turbo building up then with a cha after taking the foot off the pedel and repeating with the changing of gears is like music to my ears.
76561198035159168,Recommended,270880,22103536,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,jons207,amazing
76561198253516927,Recommended,270880,22104153,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Lynx-war-lord17,Have decent game
76561198030413844,Recommended,270880,22109940,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,svdb,"Very satisfying sim.While the roads aren't a 1:1 copy of the real ones, they do reproduce most of the characteristics of the original ones. If you've lived in California/Nevada or have traveled there you can almost feel you're there again. (but don't expect a Google Maps precision street layout of every city)I love the fact that you can edit the config files to add your favorite web radio to listen to while on the road.Managing your virtual company present some interesting chanllenges.Would I recommend this game? Absolutely!"
,Recommended,270880,28276164,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Lil Zap,This game is a Frucking Trucking good time
,Recommended,270880,29027636,Posted: 4 January,all,pussyslayer69,no mcdonalds wtf
76561198185981957,Recommended,270880,31755347,Posted: 14 May,all,Wamfoot,"Very good game, few truck model, but it's a great game"
76561197964264542,Recommended,270880,22976933,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,AZ,"Pros:- Graphically better than ETS2Other than that, it's basically the same exact game.  The menus are litterally the same as in ETS2.  The game engine is exactly the same.  Just expect that going into this.  There are some other pros, but the are personal opinions such as:-USA setting-Style of trucks + sleepers-Engine + Engine break soundsCons:-Tiny TINY map.  You'll be driving the same roads over and over again.  Usually there's only 1 route you can take.-SLOW development.  It's been months and we still don't have the AZ map.-3 trucks.  THREE TRUCKS.-No offical MP.-Map scalling is terrible.  Wait until you try to merge onto the highway in heavy traffic.  The onramps litteraly spit you into traffic.  Did I say merge?  Sorry, just plow into traffic because there's no onramp.  The onramps just cut into traffic on an angle.Overall my biggest gripe is the slow development and lack of content.  If you're set on getting a truck sim game, I enjoy ATS the best.  ETS2 has a bigger map and more trucks, but I'm partial to the American trucks."
76561198089647725,Recommended,270880,23819080,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,clemsams50,"You can re-enact the opening Pork-Chop Express scene from Big Trouble in Little China, 10/10."
,Recommended,270880,23999132,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,xDarkShadowRO,I LOVE THIS GAME LIKEEE HAVE A BIG LIKE GOOD JOOB SCS SOFTWARE and SO BEAUTIFUL with NICE FIRST VIDEO
,Recommended,270880,21362740,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Indian Trucker,great game. wait for more trucks and map.
76561198236650754,Recommended,270880,23418377,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Tater J,recommended
76561198009437917,Recommended,270880,23742023,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pandu,">driving and listening to radio>cool song comes in>lifts my spirits up>""everybody look to their left"">looks to the left>""everybody look to their right"">looks to the right>hey, is that a cow?>""can you feel that?"">crashes>♥♥♥♥ me>come out and talk to driver>wants me to pay big money>""Yeah, we're paying with love tonight"">might aswell just keep following the song69/10 would do as song says"
,Recommended,270880,23484034,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Nour Emam,very nice game
76561198045204022,Recommended,270880,23563407,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,newelijah,Great game
76561198256273261,Recommended,270880,23464358,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,000nicholson000,This is the best truck game i have ever played!!
,Recommended,270880,23594246,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,stephaneb66,Really nice game.
76561198135962706,Recommended,270880,23446580,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lachlan025,Great relaxing game 10/10
76561198059050736,Recommended,270880,20945881,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,chaosdafoe,this game is amazing i love it well worth the $29 if u like euro truck sim 2 u will like this game aswell im only a few hours in right now but im loving it
76561198030899695,Recommended,270880,20948862,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,FreshBaked,"You don't have to be a big fan of trucks/truck driving to like ATS; in fact, it's one of those rare games that you end-up really enjoying without knowing exactly why.Cathartic value 10/10Westbound and down."
,Recommended,270880,20949377,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,< blank >,"Very good game. But i dont understand, why i have 45/50 fps in the citys with i5 4440 8gb ram gtx 970 .."
76561198020092401,Recommended,270880,20954562,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Canadian996,I have no word for this game because so real so fantastic the view is so melding I will no stop to play this game ever I'm a truck driver by my self and I drive to California to the game makes not to miss California when I'm not there but this game is for everyone how likes simulation game and this is not just a game that is a dream thanks so mutch on the steam team to make at happened to bring this game to play great job
,Recommended,270880,20956502,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,were,"Compared to ETS2 - same menu, same music, same icons same job system - they shoud surprise us, but on the other side, who cares about things like menu when driving a 40ton beast+ Pedestrians!!! I really saw them in LA. In ETS2 pedestrian sight was rare as yeti, but here I really met them. And it was a group of several ones!+ Country, atmosfere, sunsets, details along the road, lightning effects, construction workers (they do not count as pedestrians, but it's nice to have them too!)+ Police cars, speed traps+ Other drivers AI - they really interact, signals to you, makes a way for you - and also blocks the way, makes chaos on crossroads etc. - I think this AI was introduced in some ETS2 update 1.xxx- Physics - it is not as bad, but gives me not the  feeling that I drive a huge truck - I expect that the cabin would shake and wobble around me, that I occasionaly hit some bump or hole in the road and that the track that will shake the cabin even more and thatit  will wobble a lot when it goes of the road. In comparison Train simulator has much better immersion into a game, the engine shakes and sways and you can feel every rail connection- Highway crosses - they are always the same and they were the same in ETS2 - I would occasionaly expect different ones, sometimes more complicated sometimes more simple"
76561198213635545,Recommended,270880,20957319,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Oliver Wilson,Very addictive
,Recommended,270880,20959103,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Lazharus,"Amazing sceneries, beautiful views and the  best experience of driving a truck. Feel the american roads and listen to the powerful engines of the Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks. 10 out of 10!!!"
76561198071336878,Recommended,270880,20961060,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hrvac,10\10
76561198031089062,Recommended,270880,20985418,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,diomed3,"I really like Euro Truck2 but this game is great. Maybe its just that I'm more familiar with the US but everything is a bit better. The trucks are definitely better sounding, the roads are generally wider and the signs make sense lol. The scenery is really beautiful. I like the new deliveries to gas stations etc. The parking options are cool too.f you liked Euro Truck 2 I can almost promise you'll like this better. Great game!"
76561198135114616,Recommended,270880,21008885,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nomad,"great game,  needs some work, but still great game!"
76561198052493302,Recommended,270880,21010842,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,kevqa,"I like this much better than Euro Truck Simulator 2 as I can actually understand the road signs and street markings, lol.Everything seems cramped right now because of the level of map compression, but as more states are added there will much longer routes and more interstate driving time.  Even at this level of compression, it will probably take about three hours (real time) to drive from California to Florida.The graphics are stunning and I am running with all settings maxed at 400% scalling with outstanding performance on an EVGA GTX-750Ti.I only have one annoyance with this game and that is the STOP signs at intersections with traffic lights.This is an outstanding simulation that will only get better!  Just take care while you are driving (this is not a Formula 1 simulator) and you will be rewarded.Can't wait for the Arizona DLC.10/10 - Highly recommended"
76561197961799208,Recommended,270880,21012932,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zhuk,"10/10This game has the same great gameplay as ETS2 but in an American setting. Only two states as of writing (California and Nevada) but the scenery and landscapes are fantastic and really capture the feel of these places.Compared to ETS2 the map is currently small but there is still plenty to do - DLC and updates over the coming years will really make this game a true classic I believe.If you like ETS2, this is a no brainer."
,Recommended,270880,21014127,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Djozar,"Bought this on the request of a friend, who assured me it was much more than 2 trucks and 2 states.  He was right!I was like a lot of people giving bad reviews, at first. ""What the...ONLY 2 trucks?""However, I stopped to think about it. How many different types of trucks do I really see out on the road, myself?I start off with a ""Duty-Day Cab"". Fairly basic. Either Kenworth or Peterbilt. I see other options unlocked as I level, such as lights, mirrors, Sleep-Cabs, wheels. Items to make my truck look like any number of trucks I see out on the roads.Only 2 states. 3rd is coming soon for free. Yeah. Not too thrilled about that as it makes it sound like that's the end of free DLC. We'll have to be patient and hope that's not the case.The 2 states, California and Nevada can take more time to get through at first. I don't have a wheel, just an old xbox360 controller that likes to drift to the right a lot, and going the speed limit, a good job can take a good 10-15 minutes to complete.I'm terrible at backing up and parking. However, this is a good thing, as it's a challenge for me to overcome and get bettwr reards from.The streaming of music is great too. Real radio stations with real bands. Jammed to Megadeth and Volbeat down the Fresno Interstate. It was awesome.The game overall is gorgeous. I don't have much time in it, but I want to see what else there is to it as well.If I had listened to the bad reviews, I would never have picked this up. I do enjoy it for what it is. It's not huge, but it satisfies the curiosity of driving a truck over distances and seeing some cool sights along the way.Maybe not for everyone, but I don't regret it at all.8.5/10"
,Recommended,270880,21018765,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Saxism,WOW!!!! Love this game. Did NOT expect to be pulled in so much. I've enjoyed open world games like Test Drive Unlimited and the Truck Simulator series has a whole other depth to reel you in. Euro and American are both great games that I recommend to anyone who enjoys an atmospheric driving experience.
76561198053485593,Recommended,270880,21028567,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SlimShitty,ive been playing this game since the release date and have not stopped its very addicting and will keep playing it for the next year or so i think anyone who has played and enjoyed eurotruck simulator  2 would love this game and would also enojy this game. But the only down side is right now the make is way too small i have already discovered 70% of the map but scs is going to  release a free dlc called arizona and release more truck as well since there are only two trucks in the game right now. But at the end of the day i still enjoy i a lot and would recommend it to anyone who is looking to buy it.
,Recommended,270880,21038810,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AIMED,"I love this game! Graphics and Quality are extremely well done!! Just playing this reminds me of Hard Truck 2 and Hard Truck 18 Wheels Of Steel! It would be nice if you could use the CB Radio and Ask for a weather report or traffic report or just talking to other truckers on the road but other than that, this Simulation is one of the best!"
,Recommended,270880,21039969,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,gwoody83,"Good Graphics, nice feel. as a long haul driver IRL this game is both exciting and disappointing.Left Las Vegas, down the highway 2 easy curves and I was greeted with the message that I discovered Primm!!!What I was driving all of 60 seconds, living in Vegas and also a long time fan of 18 WOS I found this short time span to be somewhat disappointing. In about 5 minutes total driving time from departing Las Vegas I was already in Los Angeles. Driving down what was supposed to be the real area of Cahon pass I found it pretty but again too short and very uneventful.The developers have done an awesome job so far with the look and feel of this project, I am looking forward to more content being added in the future. I am also hoping that the future DLC for this does not get too expensive with 45 more states to go it could get expensive. l am happy to support future growth and development but hope that the developers do not get greedy trying to nickel and dime us to death with every little detail."
,Recommended,270880,21041487,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TheGeeker 2B-67,Awesome!
76561198029035864,Recommended,270880,21045346,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Phirewulf,"As a Former Truck Driver in RL I recommend this game to anyone that is interested in Truck driving, the physics are pretty solid for the most part and I see plenty of room fof the game to grow. 8 out of 10."
76561198074855204,Recommended,270880,21053972,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jrad,"If your into big rigs this game is for you. I started playing ET2 back in December, and I was hooked. Being from the United States I couldnt wait till This title was availible. It is very sismular to ET2 pritty much to a tee. The maps are small right now but the devs have Arizona on the way witch is part of the first relese.The only issue I have is there are way to many police cars giving you tickets for speeding just 1 - 2 MPH over the limit. That dosnt happen here in the states. We usualy get away with going 5MPH over with out getting pulled over.I recomend useing a Wheel with this game for a better expirence."
76561198028921028,Recommended,270880,30300211,Posted: 3 March,all,Magic Daddy,very realistic
76561198361871709,Recommended,270880,30064281,Posted: 20 February,all,codygammon,"This game is great, full steam workshop support which is awesome! Very active mod community. Provides awesome simulation replay ability! One of the best games in my library, worth the $19.99 but even better if you catch it on sale!"
,Recommended,270880,30064376,Posted: 20 February,all,Yellocold,I love this game a lots....Getting from point A to point B is a bit slow pace and you have to play a whale in order to get your 1st truck.......So crank your favorites music and have fun truckin!
,Recommended,270880,30038054,Posted: 19 February,all,nosboy,"The game is stable and fun loved ets2 as well, this does need more states but the devs are working on it and I know they will continue doing a fantastic job. I can't wait for more trucks though there is only 4 variants from 2 companies."
,Recommended,270880,30057437,Posted: 20 February,all,Mad Elephant,two thumbs up.
,Recommended,270880,30142648,Posted: 24 February,all,MCM4u ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"This game wasn't good when it first released. The roads were so short, i could finish the whole maps in very few hours. Although the map was beautiful and filled with a lot of details, there was always something missing.Well that has all changed thanks to the new map rescale update. American Truck Simulator feels much more larger, roads are longer and a lot more details were added on the map. This was how ATS should've been since the beginning.I bought this game when it was on sale and I feel you guys should do so too. I still prefer Euro Truck Simulator 2, and i believe American Truck Simulator still has a long way to go in terms of expandability both in terms of the map and new American trucks.I wish SCS the best of luck in their future endeavours."
,Recommended,270880,30154867,Posted: 24 February,all,☭[22ND]☭H4nK-HiLL-Xx,Yeah that's alright aye a ♥♥♥♥in good one
,Recommended,270880,30236472,Posted: 28 February,all,pilotinblue,"I bought this ATS first intead of ETS because had a discount. I like to community around the truck simulator games and ATS isn't dissapointing. It is a great game which has good graphics from factory. Also, here are a ton of mods posible to install on it from Steam and from many websites and forums around the internet. Playing with the graphics in ULTRA makes it even better, it really fels like a well-built game. If you're looking for a game take the road and discover the trucker life, ATS (and also ETS) both have a really good approach to it."
76561198073033932,Recommended,270880,30243599,Posted: 28 February,all,miso.pasko,Very good and detailed game. My favourite one with ETS2.
76561198155142499,Recommended,270880,30490842,Posted: 13 March,all,psychomantis100,turn up the steering sentivity to turn the game into 18 wheeler.
,Recommended,270880,30113862,Posted: 22 February,all,RippeR,Great game
76561198013057615,Recommended,270880,20946866,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Exxovon,"If you're a fan of ETS2 (Euro Truck Simulator 2) or any truck simulator! Don't think buy. Also, throughout time they will add more states. In the meantime spend time working on achieving Cali and Nevada achievements. Have fun! Also Great job on the game guys!!!!"
,Recommended,270880,20946920,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Eternal Nepatuna,"The Spiritual successor to 18 Wheels of Steel and my childhood trucking dreams. SCS Software, Keep up the good work and make us proud. :D10/10 for nastalgia9/10 for everything else, only wish it had a bit more content at launch but I am proud regardless.(edit) For as long as i have played this I do miss the CB from the old days of SCS like WoS and Convoy. IF you do some kind of miltiplayer that use that or voice chat for those who opt in I would pay monthly for it."
,Recommended,270880,20946891,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hallowenman,"American Truck Simulator is more than just a improved version of Euro Truck Simulator 2. They have added new features like police cars which act as moving speed cameras, different difficulty options in parking so you can choose if you just want easy and simple parking, or try some more difficult parking.Map quality has also been improved a lot from the base ETS2 content. Everything is a lot more detailed, so its no longer just the feeling of driving a big heavy truck that makes the game fun, but also the fact that the sorroundings are beautiful and everything feels alive.SCS really cares about this game, and they are not just gonna abandon it to work on other games. Frequent updates and the fact that they listen to the community is fantastic. The police cars did not accept you driving 1 km/h over the limit at release, but that and other things have been adjusted and fixed.The game is fantastic, and the trucks also feels a lot better to drive than in ETS2. I absolutely recommend this game. But remember this before buying the game:American Truck Simulator is more of a long term investment. You buy the game now and get the content that is avaible now. You dont get all the states in the US at the moment, but by supporting SCS they will be able to add all the states to the game over some time. You will probably have to pay for some map DLCs, maybe all, maybe not all, so this is a sort of investment into getting a huge game completed in the future some time. The base game is not that expensive compared to other titles that might cost $50 + a lot of DLCs."
76561198066705372,Recommended,270880,29733028,Posted: 5 February,all,Defender#328,"AmericanTruckSimulator. So AmericanTruckSimulator is so good it helped me pass my road test, and I'm only 9. 2016/Daddy Trump."
76561198329136196,Recommended,270880,30067836,Posted: 20 February,all,sugarpuppy86,"American Truck Simulator is really good, I love how you can drive a truck without all the worries in real life, like when you crash, you won't die in real life, it's great if you wanna drive a truck and not have to do the job. I play the game on Medium because my computer isn't all that fast, but I love it anyway. I recommend this game!"
76561198417567895,Recommended,270880,34663655,Posted: 1 September,all,trukinjustin,Great game if you like driving
76561198315305760,Recommended,270880,35188066,Posted: 24 September,all,Bob Lee Swagger,Fun driving game
76561198365123606,Recommended,270880,35196415,Posted: 24 September,all,nicholas.platt,"Love the gam to bits, however it does need the easy multiplayer option. I know there is truckersmp but it doesnt work at all in australia and keeps crashing my laptop. Would love to see some International, Mack, Freightliner and more model Kenworth and Peterbilt."
76561198394916611,Recommended,270880,35208186,Posted: 25 September,all,Tubsterboy20031,"Along with Euro TRuck Simulator 2, American Truck Simulator is a fantastic game"
