user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198057467068,Recommended,271240,32380524,Posted: 12 June,all,MeatSteaks,"A nice experiment in a world full of RTS.Buy it if you are into:The science behind colonising Mars (great accompany to the book ""the Martian"")Economics and market forcesSeeing a different RTS like none beforeSo this a niche game which has been put together fairly well.But for me I didn't always find the gameplay that entertaining or memorable in the end.I wish I could give it a neutral score because I would only recommend it to small number of people.But I will fall on the side a thumbs up because it delivered what I expected it to."
,Recommended,271240,14440283,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,abtin,"I was excited to get this game - Civ4 was my favorite civ and so I expected a lot from Soren Johnson.This is a much more accessible game than Civ. The complete lack of a combat system revolutionizes the RTS genre and feels alien, yet the core mechanics can be understood within 30-45 minutes of play. The interaction of the game sytems is complex, and mastery and strategy will take a lot of time to develop.You play one of four factions, each with different bonuses and penalties. It is vital to play to your factions strengths, because you are severely resource constrained and must make difficult decisions about how to expand.You interact with other factions in five ways: the map, auctions, the stock market, the black market, and the market.On the map, you compete for resources and tile placement. Taking a key tile from another player can be enormously damaging by preventing adjacency bonuses.In auctions, you bid against other players for a special bonus. This is the most ""head-to-head"" aspect of the game. Depending on game options, you are not constrained to bidding with cash on hand. Instead, you can go into debt to purchase the item. If you arent careful, you might win an auction to your overal detriment.On the black market, you purchase attack powers. These seem to suck, though perhaps I just don't understand how to use them effectively yet. You are very rate limited in how quickly you can purchase these powers, they go up in price quickly, and they are usually very weak. Disabling a tile for 60 seconds is painful, but doesnt seem to be enough to cause any long term damage.On the stock market, you buy and sell ownership stakes in each player's faction. You win by forcibly buying out the other players.And finally the market. You buy and sell resources, and your actions affect the price of the resource. In my view, a critical weakness of the game is that the market supplies unlimited resources. Resources are not supplied by other players; instead, the market steadily raises prices. One consequence of this is that there is no resource tech race - you can buy any resources at the start of the game, which really break the idea that you are a startup colony on mars. You also get no real benefit from being the first to supply another resource.The game also gives you very limited insight into the price elasticity of demand - how much price will change in response to a purchase or sale. This is probably because there isn't a ""real"" market system. In order to allow you to buy an unlimited amount of resources on the market, the game must model its own price elasticity of demand curve. This is contrived and can fall out of sync with the specifics of each game. You also have no insight into the global supply of a given resource - there is no way to answer the question ""Is this resource cheap because no one needs it or because everyone is producing a surplus?"" Perhaps if you had some way to view the global aggregate stockpile of each resource, this could be improved.Because of the way the market functions and the lack of insight into its details, it doesn't quite feel like you are playing with other players. Again, maybe this is just due to my inexperience.There are a couple UI issues:* An easy way to see the space market price for goods.* An easy way to find your buildings/tiles on the map.* Graphics performance is ok, but not good.Overall, I'm still pretty excited about this game. Its a new idea in RTS. It greatly reduces micromanagement compared to other RTS. It needs polish, but I think its going to make for some amazing multiplayer matches."
,Not Recommended,271240,15421842,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Minitrue,"You *might* like this game if :You are into very simple economic gamesLike short gamesAre into realistic sci-fi themesYou won't like this game if :You like to sink your teeth into empire / engine buildingFind economic games boringYou like direct in your face interaction between playersIn the notes for this game the designer states it was his goal to create a short playing economic RTS - Starcraft based around trading not fighting if you will. A New Kind of RTS.Uh huh. Well, they've certainly succeeded. But does it work ? And is it actually new ?In the main it does not work and is not actually new. When you stop and look at what it's doing you realise it's not that far away from any of the Railroad Tycoon games - except there is no railroad building or locomotive managing here.So that comparison bears some inspection. In RT you ship goods around to make money, buy stocks, bid on auctioned inventions, buy industries all in a goal to buy out your opponents.In OTC you ship goods around to make money, buy stocks, bid on auctioned things all in a goal to buy out your opponents.Sound familiar ?The difference here ( apart from one being set on a green playing field and one being set on a red playing field ! ) is that whilst in RT the shipping and management of that shipping forms a large part of the challenge in the game, in OFC its abstracted - build your resource producing building, and you're done. The shipping just ""happens"".With the shipping abstracted the challenge in the game for a player lies elsewhere. But. Uh. Where ? Choosing what building to build next ? That's it ?What's left is a very thin game - one which comes down to cracking the (simple) puzzle of what build order you should build buildings in - whether to skip some, concentrate in others and so on. In fact this is pretty much the economical part of the RT games. There's literally nothing else to do in OTC however - apart from a bit of sabotage, which by and large comes down to paying X dollars to knock out Y building for Z seconds. Call it an EMP blast. Dynamite. An uprising. The upshot is largely the same.Given a relatively simple resource / building tree in the game ( it's a short game ) there is no complexity there either in figuring out what sneaky specialisations you can bust out or great economical wizardry you can pull off. This is definitely at the lighter end of the resource manipulation gaming tree.Also, because of the target of the game design to make a short economic RTS based game, you are never going to get into an empire building, economic engine developing kind of position that world building and economic building players typically like. This is all about getting in, making your fast bucks, and buying everyone else out in quick order. So for those that *like* those kind of economic world building games,  this game isn't going to float your boat either.There is much made of ""every game being different"" and amazing replayability, which boils down to the map being random, resources being strewn around the map randomly, and depending what small build orders people build, the price of some goods being different. Think random map creation in Railroads. Or Civ. But. It doesn't actually have a huge impact on your gameplay here - because the bit where you interact with the world is largely abstracted - you just choose what to build where. So no matter the world, or the players, you will still be sitting down every time and making a quick decision about which 3 or 4 key buildings to build in which order. Sure others can impact some of those decisions, but really, it's not going to have you in knots of chess like deliberation. It's going to have you reaching to spam the sabotage and buy shares  buttons.Despite all that I've enjoyed my time with the game, I appreciate the attempted design of the game, I like the martian theme ( which is just fluff ) but it really at this point strategically, tactically, whatever has no legs at all - its an interesting experiment, its largely met its goals, but it doesnt make for a great replayable game.If you are into the board game sphere, then this game is like a super light and simple Euro - and probably wouldn't hold your attention for more than a couple of games.One last point, the price of this game is wayyyyy too high for what you get. No way is this a premium price game, and I would say unless you either don't care about how you spend your gaming bucks, or have a desperate need to buy this game, I would avoid."
76561197986159316,Not Recommended,271240,31636082,Posted: 8 May,all,Kassec,"It's soooo beautiful. Really. There's also a strong gameplay design (if you like your base being disabled by surprise by your opponents). UI is almost perfect as well. When you play your first minutes, there's a lot to enjoy from this game.But, but, but ...It's BORING (and I'm a hardcore fan of management games). There's no endgame, not even a midgame. It's all about playing the same short match over and over again. After the first hour, you've seen everything ...I'll play this from time to time but I feel like being abused for this price (and I got it on sale). It can't be a thumb up."
76561197998242848,Recommended,271240,17921428,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,paeva,"I really, really love this game. But nearly every single game, I get frustrated about the market mechanics. Bear in mind that this review is written based on beta as of Sept 2015.The game bills itself as a market simulation, and yet the price mechanics of pretty much everything just seem wonky. As far as I can tell, resource prices are probably influenced by what the other players are buying/selling, but in both cases, they're not using a supply/demand system, but instead some formula that bumps the price up and down with every sale/purchase. The net result is that prices fluctuate dramatically over the course of the game (which is not bad, and could be actually good), but that you never really feel like you understand why.The second part of this -- and the far more frustrating part -- is around the (current, as of Sept 2015) mechanics around winning, or ""buying out"" your opponents. Firstly, the concept of being ""bought out"" at twice your share price -- and thus ""losing"" -- is kind of weird, but in some circumstances it's incoherent. In a recent game, I owned 70% of my own company's stock, in addition to 60% of my opponent's stock. In real company terms, this would give me unilateral control over both companies. But no, instead, my opponent has a warning counter that starts at 50% and slowly ticks up to 100%, indicating that they have that percentage of the amount of money needed to ""buy me out"" and thus win. But at the same time, I'm saving up a hoard of cash to try and buy them out. But that doesn't seem to matter. My hoard of cash that's 50% of the value needed to ""buy them out"", my 70% stake in my own company, and my 60% stake in my opponent, all don't seem to matter. The stock prices seem to be ""faked"" much the same as commodities are, and they bear little connection to the actual value of the companies.That all said, I do recommend this game, as it's fun, and I love economic sims and there really should be more like this (I was really hoping for something more like Capitalism Plus, but alas). I hope and wish that the game's developers might put some energy into making the systems make sense, though.Update: Here's a screenshot demonstrating the phenomenon above. In this game, I took over two of four opponents and then just hoarded money and resources for a while. The remaining opponent eventually bought me out when their company had less cash on hand than I did, suggesting that the company stock prices are drastically undervalued.https://www.dropbox.com/s/kkosmyvvwd90hjk/Screenshot%202015-10-01%2011.50.43.png"
76561198009625167,Not Recommended,271240,31593895,Posted: 6 May,all,yazah,"I don't dislike this game, I just don't like it enough to recommend it. Maybe 6/10.It's a standard resource game, and in that regard it's pretty ok. It doesn't have a huge amount of depth and is meant to be played in lots of quick little tournament style games, rather than one giant empire game. It's good for what it is, but overall I was looking for something deeper.Its fun for a few hours, but honestly I just didn't really want to play anymore after that."
76561198014277673,Not Recommended,271240,32011714,Posted: 27 May,all,Oranix,"This game... ugh.I find it hard to describe it. It seems random, but is actually very formulaic, especially in the way that the AI approaches things. Every game will play out EXACTLY the same, and if you don't do the exact things right in the exact order at the exact time, you will lose.Does not leave much room for personal playstyles or experimentation.Basically, looks good on the surface, but gets boring FAST."
76561198062719894,Recommended,271240,28194888,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Studly Spud,"I have found this game to be very intricate and engaging, and have enjoyed it immensely.  I feel that most people who are disappointed with this are expecting another Civ4, set in space.  Common complaints are lack of story, short games, lack of content diversity for replaying.  However if you have the right idea about what this game is, it is amazing.  This is a fast paced competitive strategic battlefield, played with production, stock markets, and espionage, rather than armies and warfare.  Played in real time, if you sit back and try to make a happy little colony you won't last long.The very solid yet short tutorial gives you a decent understanding of a game that is easy to start, yet very tricky to master.  I have not yet ventured into competitive multiplayer.... The ""campaign"" mode is really just an extension of learning, and the skirmish or multiplayer modes are the real meat.  Every game starts much the same, and rapidly spirals off in a different direction; directly influenced by your choices and those of your opponents, with a small amount of randomised external forces.What I really appreciate about this game is the total lack of paper-scissors-rock ""counters"" that exist in most strategy games.  Everything is viable, and even if your current strategy is shut down, you can pivot to something else and still be heavily competitive from behind.  The only wrong move is inaction, however the smallest things you do will be felt elsewhere.  I wasn't fully sure what I was getting into with this game, and tbh the first couple of hours against easy AI felt shallow, however I rapidly discovered that this game is satisfyingly deep and pretty much perfect, and that the AI 'easy' level was called that for a reason.....Additionally, the strength of a game based on numbers and definite cause and effect such as this is that the AI can be intelligent, unfeeling, ruthless, efficient, and incredibly challenging.In summary; this game is darn near perfect FOR WHAT IT IS.  If you are wanting empire building, long protracted games, campaign as a main feature, then this game will not be another Civilization.  If you want short fast-paced matches in which you can test your instincts and decision making skills against opponents, while able to use a whole variety of strategy combinations, then this game will keep you happy for a long long time."
,Not Recommended,271240,19658404,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,generalzee,"The game is alright, but not terribly deep. A few rounds is all it takes to understand the mechanics of the game, and without a huge amount of complications it becomes very repetitive very quickly.On the bright side, the game is absolutely functional. The economy works in a way that is responsive and satisfying. Your opponents actually seem to know what they're doing (at least on harder modes). The sound and visuals are both good.On the down side the gameplay is shallow, leaving the player wanting more after a fairly short amount of time.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's been a few months and the game has now come out of early access. I'm afraid that the only difference I see between the current game and the original game is Far better AI, and a nicer UI. The depth of the game hasn't been changed, and basically no new features have been added.My review remains very similar to what it was before: The game is solid in what it does, but what it does isn't all that complex, and with so few tradable items and minerals the game becomes a straight race to get Offworld Trading Companies, and flood the market. There is some nuance at the beginning depending on the map, but beyond that every game basically plays out the same."
,Recommended,271240,28397048,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DrDima,"I built a great company, some of the greatest assets in the solar system. Millions and millions of dollars.  I get along with everybody, I get along with the robots. I love robots, great people. Robots are killing us in trade. Look at what the robots are doing, devaluating their water. They take our jobs, they take our money. We're not winning any more. We need smart competent leadership. Right now we have leaders. They don't know what theyr'e doing. We're going to Make Mars Great Again.Believe me."
14341232423213112,Recommended,271240,25182200,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Terrorzwerg,"M.U.L.E. was Dani Bunten’s ingenious commodities-driven deathmatch bidding arena. I didn’t play it when it came out in 1983, because it wasn’t on the Apple II. I didn’t even know what it was back then. It wasn’t until many years later that I finally tried it with some friends. In the same room, of course. That’s how all games worked back then. I figured we’d try it, although I thought we were in for the strategy game equivalent of Pong. No one wants to play Pong ever again, just like no one wants to gin his own cotton, read Beowulf on a long flight, or hang up a poster of the Bayeux Tapestry in his living room. Pong is a musty relic with no modern relevance beyond its role in videogame history. That’s what I figured was going on with M.U.L.E.But it turned out M.U.L.E. was (and still is) an amazing game. Sure, it’s ugly. Good graphics hadn’t been invented back in 1983. But Bunten managed a simple — not simplistic! — player-driven cutthroat economy based on real estate, commodities, and auctions. God, I’m making it sound boring, I know. But it’s really not. It’s really, really not. M.U.L.E. is freakishly before-its-time game design, as if someone had made the movie Casablanca at the moment the daguerreotype had been invented. The only reason you’re not playing M.U.L.E. today, in some form or another, is because the videogame industry — really, it was more of a scene at that point — was about to explode based on Doom’s appeal to adolescent male power fantasies learned from action movies. It would take a while before the rest of the world discovered what we were up to, and by that time, Sid Meier and Will Wright had carved out their own niche where Dani Bunten’s work would have been.But M.U.L.E. is a nearly unrivaled work of game design genius that will hold up if you gather four friends around a single screen. Sure, some of it is dated. You play it with joysticks, for Pete’s sake. We don’t even have those anymore! But the design is timeless.After the jump, if it kicks like a M.U.L.E…Offworld Trading Company isn’t shy about its 30 year debt to Bunten and M.U.L.E. There’s an actual M.U.L.E. in here, and a reference to Bunten in the tutorial. But more significantly, this is an ingenious commodities-driven deathmatch bidding arena, the likes of which you haven’t seen since 1983. Or the last time you tried M.U.L.E.There have been other strategy games about economies, with armies nowhere to be seen. Stardock’s Entrepreneur was among the better ones. All those resource management tycoon games come from this idea. Running a business in a videogame is nothing new. But what sets Offworld Trading Company apart, what connects it directly to the genius of M.U.L.E., is how it uses real time strategy as its gameplay foundation. The only reason M.U.L.E. wasn’t in the category of real time strategy games was because, like good graphics, they hadn’t been invented yet.Calling Offworld Trading Company an RTS can be misleading, since it doesn’t use the aspects of RTSs that some people find daunting. There is no micromanagement. Your attention isn’t one of the resources. You will never need to worry about your APM, or even know what APM means. In fact, when you’re not playing online, Offworld Trading Company automatically pauses whenever you’re doing something that you might want to stop and think about. You choose a building to build, and time freezes while you consider where to put it. Nothing is going to happen when you’re not looking. And if it comes down to it, you can always just slap the spacebar. Everything will pause, but you’ll still be able to fully interact with the game. The real time aspect isn’t at all about multitasking or reflexes or the tension between thought and action.Instead, what Offworld Trading Company takes from RTSs is everything but the stuff that scared off everyone who isn’t still playing Starcraft II. It’s about player conflict, consistent pacing, varied strategies, immediate and almost tactile interaction with the map, real time resource management, and ultimately one player (or team) winning completely, all within a short enough time span that you’ll want to go again as soon as you’re done. These were also things in M.U.L.E. These are all things you don’t get in other games about economies instead of armies.Not to say Offworld Trading Company is a throwback. It positively glows with the care, attention, and production values you’ll find in a contemporary AAA game. The sharply defined, intricate, and informative graphics. Everything means something. Everything has some visual expression. The buttery — yes, buttery! — rich and smooth interface. Okay, it could use a few more hotkeys, but I’ve never met a game that couldn’t use a few more hotkeys. The unique dynamic single-player campaign, which stacks onto an already great game a great game framework. This is the most indepth and replayable RTS single-player campaign since Rise of Nations and its add-on. The tutorial for maximum information and accessibility. The manual. Oh, wait, there isn’t a manual. Which is as you’d expect from a contemporary AAA game. Like I said, it’s not a throwback. Even the soundtrack. Good lord, the soundtrack. Christopher Tin’s score belongs on my playlist alongside iconic sci-fi scores like Hans Zimmer’s for Interstellar, Clint Mansell’s for Moon, and Vangelis’ for Blade Runner.I hope I haven’t made it sound boring. Some folks might get the impression it’s boring. A game about an economy in space? All those little buildings and numbers in those screenshots? You have to make oxygen from water? But it’s really not. It’s really, really not. It’s a freakishly smart game design, as if someone made M.U.L.E. back in 1983. It’s got a learning curve because it’s a very particular setting about people living on Mars, provided for by different types of companies (the four companies are as distinct as the factions in Starcraft). You have to understand how the pieces interact before you appreciate how this is so much more than a spreadsheet with pretty graphics in front. But it’s carefully built to get you to where everything clicks.At which point, it is the exact opposite of boring. It is every bit as thrilling as something with constant explosions. It’s the sort of game you’ll be thinking about at work. It’s the sort of game you just might want to try online. It’s the sort of game with a campaign you can play and replay and replay some more. It’s the sort of game with so many settings and options and variables that you might never need another RTS. Okay, maybe you’ll occasionally need your fix of one of those less interesting RTSs with tanks or a MOBA with fireball spells or whatever. But Offworld Trading Company is the sort of game that isn’t going to let go of you for a long, long time. Maybe even 33 years."
76561197989396944,Not Recommended,271240,31606954,Posted: 7 May,all,Gamblor,"Game felt half finished at launch, fun game mechanics but the tutorials took longer to complete and had more story than the game itself.Now several months on it has become apparent that the intention was to sell the rest of the game as DLC, poor form.A fun casual mini game, maybe worth a fiver."
,Not Recommended,271240,14456459,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,[VA]Strikes,"I can't recommend the game right now; obviously it's Early Access, so I write this more to inform other people to probably wait to see how it improves. Even with all possible features they could put into this game; it's almost insultingly overpriced.It just needs a little more 'something' in the game at its current price point. From what I got from playing, I felt like it should have been priced around $20 max. I'd ceretainly appreciate to hear from the developers as to why they believe the cost of the game is this high. The only reason I purchased it is because I'm usually the person that grabs games of interest in our community and I let them know if it's worth it or not. I can't recommend it at this price point.The UI needs some works; it's pretty sluggish. The 'Notification' system is lackluster and need polish. They just pop-up in the lower-right corner 'Chat Window' so you really need to keep an eye on it at all times so you know when things are going to be effecting you.Don't expect to just jump in this game and know what to do; it has a high learning curve so expect to spend some time figuring a few things out before you get to know what you're doing so you can beat other players.The fact that an AI (or a player) can just race to earn a ton of cash, and then buy people out... is a silly win condition. I understand it's a 'Trading Game' and that's sorta the point; but I think there needs to be more to it than just ""Stockpile Cash -> Insta Buy-Out Player"" - You learn to counter this by buying your own stock of course, when possible.I expect to see a lot more from this game at this price though; and I just don't see the value yet. I'm going to keep playing over the weekend and I'll update this review after a few more play sessions.---------- Review Update -------------I still can't really recommend it yet. Winning doesn't really feel like anything special. Here's why; you spend most of the game just attempting to get a good supply of things going, then in the last 2-3 minutes of the game everyone scrambles to start 'Selling All Their Stuff' so you can just buy everyone else out.This seems extremely anti-climatic to me; I feel like they just don't have any other ideas on how you can 'win' at the game. Once someone starts buying the stocks... it's just a silly race to finish buying everyone out in the next minute or two.So here's my constructive feedback on 'How To Win' should be done in the game. Since it's about ""Saving Humanity"" and all that... you shouldn't be buying stock on the other companies; instead players should be 'Offworlding' their goods to ""Earth"" in order to 'Save Humanity'. The first 'Trade Company' to meet the demands of ""Earth"" should win. You could have ""Earth"" have random demands every game, or even shift/change in the middle of it if you want to get crazy.It's odd that that isn't how you win? Maybe it is? But all my games always just end up being ""Stock Buyout Races"". Who can press the minus and plus buttons faster than the other.TL;DR Version - Winning isn't rewarding; the game builds you up, but just doesn't know how to finish yet."
,Recommended,271240,14593430,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CookEasy,"Pros:- Completely playable game with very little bugs, very good for an Early Access Game- Competent AI- Single/Multiplayer Skirmishes are fast paced and intense(even vs AI)- A breathe of fresh air for the Strategy/4X genre- Intuitive Interface, for a complex economic game, the interface makes it easy to understand things- Every map is different, this means you or any other person cannot rely on the same strategy everytime and will have to adjust their playstyles accordinglyCons:-  A bit too pricey for an Early Access Game-  Multiplayer games are hosted by Players, lags later in the game is nearly inevitable-  Single Player Campaign feels a bit too short in comparison to other Strategy/4X games (Civ, Total War & etc)- Games are shorter in comparison to your standard Strategy/4X games.-  The game targets a very niche market, thus this may be a boring game to someone and an addicting game to another-  Needs more polishing on the interface (e.g. Events Notification is nearly unnoticeable if not for the SFX accompanying an event)Verdict:The game delivers what it promises, if you like what you see(check out Mohawk Games youtube channel and watch some VODs) and don't mind shelling out a high price for an Early Access Game, then it is a good buy. While the game is still in early access, the foundations of the gameplay itself is well polished. However there are still a lot of room to grow for this game and one may get frustrated or regret his or her purchase. If you are a 4X or Strategy games enthusiast I suggest buying this game, otherwise waiting for a sale may be a wiser choice.Mohawk Games:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCasmHPTajRU9kXWHjJqJD_g"
76561198092479658,Not Recommended,271240,22872796,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,charles_d_berger,"This is a brilliant, polished game. It has everything that should make it an addictive experience for me... pausable real-time, many divergent strategies for victory, brutally smart AI opponents, some nice tongue-in-cheek atmospherics, different factions with totally differing playstyles, and more.So why the thumbs down? Why aren't I playing the game right now?What it comes down to is this: to keep ahead of the game, you need to keep track not only of your own company's development, but ideally that of all your competitors as well. Your AI opponents will try to sabotoge you using dirty black-market tricks, and you have to do the same to them to win. That means you have to know what's really going to hurt them, and what's not. That means you have to understand their strategy. Which means you have to look over their operations on the map, count their buildings, try to work our what they're up to.I could pause the game and do all that, but even if I did for each of the 3-7 opponents, I'd have to do it all over again a few minutes later, because that's how quickly the game moves.Info about your opponents is not easy to find. There's no summary screen of how many building of each type each opponent has, which might allow you to piece together their strengths and weaknesses at a glance. Instead you have to maually count buildings if you want that info. I hate situations where a game makes information available, but very hard to access!Another turn-off for me is the difficulty of assessing what investments will generate the best return. I end up making most of my investment choices using a sort of intuition, but I have the feeling that on higher difficulty levels you really need to flawlessly min-max to win. Again, I could pause the game and do a bunch of calculations by hand to min-max... but that's not much fun. Too much like my real job.So despite being very drawn to the game in concept, I find in practice it just leaves me feeling frustrated at being unable to keep up with the constant min-max calculating that the AIs are able to do in real time.I could pause the game every 30 seconds and try to keep up, in my feeble human way, but why bother?"
,Recommended,271240,22731703,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Blues,"What you get out of Offworld Trading Company depends heavily on what you expect and how much time you're willing to put into it. OTC is based around 25-40 minute skirmishes (or 10-15 if things are very lopsided) rather than being a sprawling epic. As such, there aren't a tremendous amount of different mechanics available, but what is here is very well balanced and allows for deep, varied games. Make no mistake: there is a very steep learning curve here, and a lot of the depth isn't necessarily readily apparent because there's so much going on.Note on the learning curve: the basic concepts are fairly simple, and getting to the level of competence only requires a few bits of knowledge (that aren't necessarily obvious). Really mastering the game takes a fairly deep understanding of the game, though, and really good players can exploit small advantages to open up large leads (though those can also be countered by black market and other tools if players stay attentive).Offworld absolutely delivers on the promise of being an RTS without units. In place of the usual micro-heavy unit management, there are myriad map quirks, prices, opponent actions, and random events to pay attention to and try to take advantages off of long-term. Even with over 700 hours put into the game, mostly playing multiplayer with some of the best players in the community, there are still plenty of things in a single game that I will fail to notice. Success at this game, rather than being reliant on high APM, depends on having good awareness and a good understanding of how and why prices will move, how to appropriately react, and especially countering your opponents.Single player is somewhat more difficult to evaluate. The AI is relatively well-made and able to put up a fight or pose a serious challenge for newer players. With experience, there are some predictable aspects and flaws to the AI that let you beat them consistently, but until then, skirmishes against the AI should prove somewhat interesting and useful as a learning tool.If you're a competitive person, going for the best times on the Daily Challenge can be a way to keep single player fresher. Trying to figure out what strategies work or the exact way to manipulate prices to make the AI do what you want it to do can be interesting, and with the variety of maps and restrictions set for each day's challenge, it's nontrivial to find optimal strategies. Being able to see how other players approached the same challenge (using the in-game replay feature) is useful both for learning new strategies or figuring out how to make small optimizations.The campaign is essentially a series of skirmishes where you start with limited production and are able to unlock perks and better production as you advance. All but the final week of the campaign are a bit different from your standard skirmishes; rather than race to buy out your opponents, you are competing at investing in the central colony. You can choose from 9 different executives to play as, and a lot of work has been done to make them play differently. Once you find a working strategy and manage to build a solid foundation from the first few weeks, though, applying the same strategy over and over until the final week is fairly viable, so the campaign can drag a bit. Once you get to the final week, the standard skirmish with a different set of tools than you're used to can be fun.Basically, if you're willing to put a lot of time into learning how the mechanics of the game interplay and are interested in multiplayer, this game will definitely reward you with a deep, consistently interesting experience. Single player can be played more casually and is enjoyable in its own right, but doesn't necessarily have a great deal of lasting appeal if you reach a point where the AI isn't particularly challenging. If you're not willing to put time into overcoming the steep learning curve, a lot of the game can seem overwhelming and incomprehensible (or else pointlessly simple if you play on very low difficulty levels), and probably isn't worth your time.tl;dr - Buy the game if you want a rich multiplayer experience and aren't worried about the learning curve. Buy the game on sale if you're mostly interested in single player and the game's concept. Look elsewhere if you're looking for a game with an epic scale or with mechanics that are simple to master.EDIT: Updating this review to reflect that after writing it, I had been contracted to design the Blue Chip Ventures DLC for Mohawk Games. The original review was written well before the idea was even discussed and remains unchanged."
76561198186657070,Recommended,271240,22697880,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Yerand,"Played this for a little over a year throughout the Early Access. Can't recommend it enough. Here are just a few of the assorted points as to why I love it so much:- The AI had been dramatically improved over the time and is quite, quite competent now. To a point that a newer player might struggle with it quite a bit until he really gets the hang of the game.- Getting the hang of the game might seem challenging - the learning curve is quite steep and usually that's a sign of a deep game. And trust me, this game is deep in spite of what some people might say. I can see how playing AI can get repetitve but in a multiplayer every game is different and every game presents you with plenty of important and difficult decisions that you need to make quick.- There is no one way to victory. Every game you have to adapt to the ever-changing environment, fluctuating prices, resource spread and geography, shortaging, colony growth etc.- I have very little RTS experience. In fact nearly none and I am hardly at all inerested in the genre. Yet somehow when I first saw Offworld I got interested in it and after watching a whole pile of videos I realized that I HAVE to play it.Now, I understand it's not a feeling everyone will have, not immediately for sure. But I think that if you like RTS, if you want something new and different, if you like a highly competitive game, you should definitely give it a shot.UPDATEMy opinion on the game hasn't changed, still love it; this is an update on the game's expansion:It's pretty good. 2 new factions create even more strategic options to the game, with even more depth, especially given that you normally still choose from only 4 options (randomly chosen out of the 6), making for even more variety for founding. It is, however somewhat more challenging for new players to get into, since you get access to both the expansion and the Ceres Initiative DLC when playing ranked even if you don't own them (there's a 50% chance you'll play on Mars and 25% for either Io or Ceres), so even if you don't plan to get either of those it might be difficult to play ranked at first (though you should have no problems in either Single player or with Lobby games).Also, since I hadn't mentioned it in the original review, the discord community is very helpful to new players and pretty active in general, organizing regular tournaments and competitive events for players of all skill levels."
76561198062930115,Recommended,271240,22754233,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"I am very pleased to give this game the thumbs up - I own it since its launch on Steam. I had a feeling it will grow well and achieve a good level of greatness by the time it was finihsed. Coming back to it now, over 9 months later, I cannot help but enjoy what the developer (Sören Johnson was the lead designer of Civilization 4) has achieved. Regardless whether in single player or multiplayer, you are treated to a fast-paced, ever-be-on-your-toes gameplay. To me, this is the best fast-paced economic sim I have ever played.So, let's take a look at the good and the bad.The GOOD:1. Extremely engaging gameplay - that, to me, outweighs everything else. The game is built in such a way that keeps you on your toes all the time. A small slip-up may result in a loss. I can tell you, there are some real sharks out there.2. Strategic Thinking + Awareness combo wins the game - you need to know exactly what you want and how to manipulate the situation you have been put in. You need to play a few moves ahead and you need to be ready to adapt and commit to the plan you have in your head.3. Great single player - the developers have really programmed the AI well, as I expected of them. Even on lower difficulties (say, Employee or Assistant) the AI may suprise you and even buy you out in a skirmish game. In addition to that there is a great campaign (explained in #11), daily challenges, leaderboards, pretty much everything to satisfy your single player demands.4. Multiplayer is damn good - but be aware, there are people out there who have played the game for a long time and will destroy a newcomer in no time. I know I have 26 hours in the game and got trashed. Do not get disheartened and do your best to learn and improve.5. You can pick from a number of companies to lead to victory - and each one plays differently to boot! It is quite surprising just how much a dependence on one resource can affect a game, and how huge of a replayability it may provide. You may opt to play the sneaky scavengers, the tech-crazy scientists, the extremely expansive... um... Expansive corporation that gains extra claims on plots, or the Robots, which need no sustenance, but have to replace their parts and chips in a timely fashion.6. Many ways to victory - while in skirmish the goal remains the same, to be the last man standing, there are many ways to achieve it. You are given lots of obvious and subtle ways to do so. Do not take your eys off that black market, I can tell you that much... or for the same reason off the resource table... or the shares table... uh, I am quite sure that you get my drift.7. Many hours of enjoyment - due to its awesome replayability, you will easily be looking at 20+ hours of enjoyment, more if you want to test every corporation in various situations, and then go ahead and do some skirmishes, play through the campaign, do the daily challenges, and maybe play online vs other people.8. An extremely pleasant music - the soundtrack is awesome, very nice and relaxing.9. Good tutorial comprising of ways to teach you how to win, a number of practice games vs the AI up to Manager difficulty, and in my opinion, a great design decision to have you actually win a game in skirmish first before diving into the campaign. The campaign can be a bit overwhelming, I can tell you that from experience. The AI won't sit back and let you feel smart, MLG Pro gamer. It will crush you like a maggot if you don't play well.10. Post-game statistics - the post-game statistics have been improved and made even more in-depth, much to my delight. I really like taking a long hard look at them and analyze what I did wrong or not.11. Great single player campaign -  In its essence, you are given 7 weeks worth of challenges, with your chosen company, vs 3-4 AIs of a difficulty that you choose in the beginning of the campaign. From week 1 to 6, you use the cash you make to improve an AI colony by buying any of the 4 upgrades for it over a 7 day period. The winner with the most purchases gets the best weekly cash bonus. In the final week of the campaign, you enter a skirmish match with the top 4 companies left and to win you must buy them out. Each company starts with a number of upgrades, and you can hire additional staff either for a week or permanently to further boost a building's efficiency (you can boost a windmill's energy output, a metal mine's efficiency so that a single metal mine supports 3 steel mills, etc.). Then you are allowed to select one of the 3 missions given to you. Each one of them carries a different challenge which is clearly explained (example: limited resources, black market items, special conditions, etc.) and satisfies a certain earthbound sponsor (UN, USA, Russia, China), which, gives you another reward (like extra claims, better scans, etc.). Depending on how well you do on the mission, you get to carry more week-based revenue home and use it for further upgrades to your production buildings. And if you think that's not enough - you can even unlock a secondary or even tertiary sponsor and use it on a certain mission! Limited water with a scientific? Play robotic then!Now, let's take a look at the BAD:1. The graphics - call me weird, but I actually preferred the basic Early Access, more blocky and sci-fi-ish graphics. Since then, the game evolved into a more colorful, cartoonish look, which to my taste, was unnecessary. It sure gets the job done, but not for me.2. The UI - the UI underwent a number of changes, which in my opinion made it more complex than it needed to be, with way more tabs and sub-tabs than necessary. Coming back to the game 9 months later, I was a bit overwhelmed myself for the first 5 minutes of play. Granted, I managed to make my way easily around it, but for a new player it will be a lot to process.3. Punishing AI - yep, that could be a bad thing. If you are not ready to play vs tough AI who can exploit your mistakes, best stick to the lowest difficulties or... stay away from the game.4. While a number of changes were made, the game did not change dramatically from the first early access build. But then again, the starter build was already quite good, polished, and enjoyable.5. Huge skill difference in online games - many people who play online since alpha have way better understanding, time proven tactics and thus, the upper hand on someone who's just starting.6. The price is a huge gripe for many people, and I can understand why. Yesterday, I was looking through my mails to see for just how much did I buy this game, and I was very surprised to find that I got it for 18,50€, which is roughly half of what it costs now. I would argue, that if you watched youtubers play it 9 months ago, that you should have already realized its potential and bought the game. However, on the other side I can totally understand how people like to wait till a game exits early access first, and then buy it. For them, the price tag will be high.7. Last, but not least, the game suffers from the snowball effect. Once you get ahead, and if you know what you are doing, you will most likely stay ahead till the end of the game. That is a tad off-putting to some gamers, but I can tell you from experience, you can still turn it around... to a point. Then you just lose :)Conclusion:If you are willing to forgive the current price tag, this game is an easy buy for gamers who enjoy economic games comprised of a lot of wheeling and dealing, tormenting their opponents by scamming (cook the books for the win), crashing the market, freezing their best production plots for a time, boosting your own effectivenes, destroying their resources (underground nukes, yay!), or even toying with them as they spiral into huge debt. I, personally, find the game a great experience and am looking forward to playing the new and improved campaign, learn the new tricks and quirks of the game, and enjoying myself thoroughly in the process."
76561198031540909,Recommended,271240,31172271,Posted: 16 April,all,loan,"Seems like a lot people hated the game because they expected it to be like Civ. It is a shame for the game is actually an RTS, closer to Starcraft but with so much more diversity and depth. Unlike starcraft, the strategy is centered around grabbing ressources and messing up with your opponents using black market powers.The game is just always evolving, with 4 different factions who define your playstyle entirely. There are vastly different maps, pushing you to adapt to the new conditions and resources available every time. Finally, the black market adds another layer of complexity entirely as different powers are available every game. A game where you can uncover new ressources will be drastically different from one where you can claim more lands or one where you can steal ressources from each others.Finally, the developers are constantly updating the game with new add-ons that offer new sets of rules and challenges to adapt to.If you want a fun deep RTS with a max duration of 30 minutes, that will challenge you constantly to adapt and judge where the market will go, this is the game for you!"
76561198100487781,Recommended,271240,16141573,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,FistofFebruary,"Very promising, however at the moment there doesn't seem to be enough content to justify a $40 purchase. Definitely keep an eye on it though and wait for the price to drop and more updates to be made."
76561197985869162,Not Recommended,271240,28417869,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,JokerSF,"I enjoy RTS games and I thought this would be a good spin on your ""average"" RTS.  I believe that all the right elements are there but they're not put together in a way that makes for lasting play and replayability.TL:DREvery match is really short and quickly boils down to one company taking over all the other companies.  You find yourself selling everything you have to buy that company out before they completly buy you out.  Campaigns have promise but fall short due to having to to buy DLC's to complete 0 of X missions and not being rewarded at the end.Pros:- Graphics are good- Soundtrack is good- UI is easy to understand- Managing the game is funCons:- Games are too short- Campaign could be a drawing point to the game but after I beat my first campaign game, I wasn't given the credit and I didn't get the money.- They sell DLCs that should've been in the game in the first place.- The biggest con, imo) There all these great options to sell to colonies, increase your wallet, and build your company but the games always end really quick when a competitor starts hostile takeovers of everyone.  You suddenly find yourself trying to buyout companies and buy their company before you get bought out.  The game becomes a ""hostile takeover game"" and it takes away from the game as a whole.  There are so many cool things that could happen with this game but they fall short.I just can't recommend buying the game for $40.  I bought it for $14, on sale, and I regret it."
76561198013993898,Recommended,271240,14601489,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,kolplaya,"When I bought this game, I though that it would be something different than what it is; and, I feel many of those not recommending this game made that same mistake. What this game is NOT is an economic/city builder simulation where you continually grow (ie a 4X).What it IS is a resource management RTS (others have gone into further detail) - probably the first of its kind (at least the first that I've played). In any case, it is very innovative and very good for what it is, in my opinion.I read through the other reviews to see if there was anything that I could add to what others have said, because I agree with most of the things that have been said about the game. One thng that I others haven't really talked about is how much strategy is actually involved in the game.First of all, others haven't really talked about how important the stock market actually is. As others have said, the ultimate goal of the game is to buy out your oponents stock; and conversely you must defend your own stock. Your stock price (and I might be a litttle bit wrong here) is based off of your net assets; that is the value of all your resources, buildings (including your home colony), minus any debt that you may have accrued; but more importantly, it also includes the value of any stock you buy in other (your opponent's) companies (also maybe your own?). The part I'm not sure about is how much the actual buying/selling of shares actually influences price. At the beginning everyone's stock price is low but it rises as the game progresses. If you can buy shares early on, not only will it make it easier for you to defeat your opponents in the end, you will make it much harder for them to beat you, since the progress they have made during the game has driven up your own stock price.Secondly, the fundamental question that the game asks the player is what is the the best/most profitable way for me to use my limited resources. By resources I mean the game's 12? resources (basic like iron or water, or advanced like electronics or chemicals), your cash, and most importantly the number of claims you have. Your claims equal the number of buidlings you can have and so are the limiting factor to your profit; that is you must maximize the profit from your limited number of claims. this raises a number of interesting questions and decisions. It may be profitable to scrap buildings for others if market prices for an output are much higher than the input, if you can buy a stockpile at a low price, or if you already have a stockpile. You may want to turn off a building if the input is more expensive than the output. Another result of this is that you are always (or should be) watching the prices on the market, and be aware of how they relate to the other resources.  Another result is that watching what your opponents are doing is important - they are working in the same market as you so, if they over or underproduce certain resources you can use that to your advantage.This is where the black market comes in. I agree with others that some of the sabotages are overpowered - but you need to remember, this game is still in early access so balancing issues should be ironed out. However, what they are not is underpriced; if the price is low, that just means that the players aren't using the market to their full advantage. The prices grows incrementally, so by the late game they should already be expensive. And as I said above, what your opponents produce - or don't, in this case - affects the prices you buy and sell at, so you can use sabotages to help you as well as hinder your opponents.Anyways, this got much longer than I intended, and I'm not sure how clear it was; but, I just want to say that I'm enjoying the game as it is, and eagerly await any improvements."
76561198004043543,Not Recommended,271240,14491686,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sorry4Partyin',"I'm reviewing this in its current state.  I'll keep updating this review as updates get released.Decent game - has tons of potential, but it's just too bland and predictable to recommend right now.  I agree with other reviewers that say that it just needs an extra ""something"" to be fun (differing AI, more varied games, much better balancing, definitely optimization).The part that I dislike the most is the balancing of the black market.  It's way too easy to buy an EMP to use on your opponents (and likewise for your opponents to use on you).  The only games I've won have been games where I constantly buy EMP's and disable my opponent's power plants or water sources.  This definitely needs to be balanced by maybe making them much more expensive and much less powerful.  I'm sure these will be balanced out over time.*Edit:  As mentioned in the comments, you can disable the black market at the start of the game.  This is actually how I prefer to play since then the AI can't gang up on you and take away any advantages that you were smart enough to get at the beginning of the game.  I know this works both ways, but personally, I enjoy planning out everything without having to worry about the black market.  Maybe I'll come around to it with future updates.*Overall, currently, I don't think it's worth the price tag unless you want to be a part of the development process, but it may be in the future.  I'm looking forward to updates, as this game could be great!Update:  They've definitely been listening to the players with their updates, and they've updated the game twice since release which is great!  Nothing major that I can notice, but small tweaks that make a significant difference.  I'll keep updating as things progress."
,Not Recommended,271240,26083123,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,OSad,"This game is clearly meant to be a multiplayer romp against your friends that's played in short 7 sol sessions to see who is the best space capitalist on martian soil. It doesn't actually have a campaign in my opinion: the ""campaign"" is just a string of skirmishes with the AI with some tech/building limitations at the beginning to spice things up. It lacks a story, interaction between the characters and a more directed approach to objectives.It's a real shame since the tutorials are incredible: they not only give you a good gist on how to get started with this somewhat complex market trading game, but they also establish characters and some backstory for the game's corporations. The dialogue is also very well-written and shows the potential for at least a single player story.This game isn't bad, and I am sure that if a few players get together, they can have a blast Making Mars Great Again, but I bought it expecting a more thorough individual experience, hence I cannot actually recommend it for that reason."
76561197967668421,Recommended,271240,14899244,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Feanor,"Have you ever played an RTS or 4X game and thought ""I wish non-military victories were more viable?""  Well let me tell you about Offworld Trading Company.In Offworld, you are a company looking to compete with other startups and get rich by mining Mars for as much of the thirteen available resources as possible and drive opponents out of business.  There are NO military units.  Economic victory is the only victory.There are four factions, but you don't select one until you've had the chance to survey the map.  Resource availability and diversity is randomly generated, giving you the chance to plant the faction you think is best for the environment. APM will not save you, Starcraft fans. Resource tile claims are very limited.  You will NEVER have all thirteen resources immediately.  Some can be extracted on the spot, and others can only be produced by combining resources.  What you can't collect yourself, you can purchase in an always available market where prices fluctuate on your behavior and the behavior of your opponents.Your ""score"" is your Share Price.  It is your net worth minus your debt.  You defet other players by buying up massive amounts of their increasingly expensive shares.  When you purchase all of their shares, you get everything they've been building.  Your goal is to buyout all the other players.The ""essential"" resources are Water, Oxygen, Food, Fuel and Power.  Will your colony starve if you lack them?  NO!  ""Starvation"" does not exist, unlike Civ.  You will automatically buy what you need from the market passively and accumulate Debt instead.  Scrambling to acquire them all initially to avoid debt is a beginner's (or Civ player's) mistake.  What good is staving off debt if you grab all those things without producing precious Aluminum or Steel to allow you to upgrade your headquarters and edge closer to victory?  At the same time, you can't ignore them forever, because too much debt reduces your Share Price, allowing players to buy you more easily.As you upgrade your headquarters, you are provided handfuls of more claims to tiles to help you collect and produce more resources, and build fancier buildings that will help you generate the wealth you need to buyout your opponents.And then Sabatoge comes into play.  Just because there's no militaries doesn't mean you can't take your opponents down a peg.  The Black Market opens at regular intervals, allowing players to buy EMPs to temporarily disable opposing buildings, fake Mutinies to steal buildings, Dynamite to destroy buildings, or devastating, nonlethal Underground Nukes to permanently reduce the yield of an opponent's production tile.  You can also buy precious claims when you want just one more building without having to upgrade, or Goon Squads that defend buildings from attacks (and then throw them back at opponents).There are four factions.  Three of them are human and require Water, Oxygen and Food.  The Expansive humans are great if you're hungry for lots of tiles, because they get an extra Claim on a tile every time they upgrade.  They also require less Steel for upgrades.  The Robotic colony doesn't care about Water, Food or Oxygen, but instead require Electronics (the final, most expensive resource) as well as massive amounts of Power.  Scientific colonies have the unique ability to plant production facilities directly on top of a raw resource, therby ""skipping"" a step.  This is huge if you use it carefully.  My favorite faction, Scavengers, use Carbon instead of Steel and can use the Black Market more frequently.  They are my favorite because while other players are fighting over Iron and spending claims changing that same Iron into Steel, I can just use Carbon for everything (yet they are useless on a map where I can't find Carbon.)  Again, when you play the game, you scan the map for resources FIRST and then choose the faction you think will work best with what you can grab.As of March 2015 the game is aesthetically rough.  There are only two songs, simple, loud sound effects, and placeholder robotic voices to announce events in game.  Still, I cannot put this game down.  Its positively brilliant and addictive, and it will only get better as the game develops."
,Not Recommended,271240,18048975,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,`pixeL*,"Too simplified.The premise is great. It would be a winner if games were much longer so actual strategic decisions could be applied. It seems whoever positions themselves better during the ""mad rush"" at the start will win - ceteris paribus.I think a turn based, long haul, approach would be more satisfying.Also, the game as it sits is just not justifying a $40 price tag. In the current state: short gameplay, graphical clipping, et cetera - it should sit around $15-20 with a potential scaling bump as content/development grows."
76561197971724802,Recommended,271240,32570736,Posted: 19 June,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Offworld Trading Companyis set in the distant future where Earth’s resources have been running dangerously low. This has sparked an economic arms race with giant corporations to small contractors seeking to exploit the resources of the red planet, Mars. As one of these agents, the sole purpose of your expedition is to export and sell as many resources as possible to feed Earth, but you’ll soon realize the battle for these materials is cutthroat.Manage a mining company in space. Dig for precious resources, upgrade your facility, bid at auctions to further improve your workflow, sell your resources to make a profit, purchase stocks, and greatly undercut your competitors. This all sounds like a complete waste of time, however, spend a few minutes playingOffworld Trading Companyand you’ll instantly be hooked and wanting more.If you enjoyed the pastCivilizationgames or happen to be a fan of strategy games, then you can’t go wrong withOffworld Trading Company. This is fast-paced, cutthroat, capitalism distilled into a video game, and one that will keep you entertained for a long time to come.THE GOOD- Simple yet deep- Fast pace- Randomly generated maps- interesting choices and strategiesTHE BAD- False starts8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561198031378687,Not Recommended,271240,15072890,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/KingBohica,"'This isn't going to be like other RTS, it's going to be economy based instead of blowing things up' ... Put's in a 'black market' where you buy things to blow stuff up.I like the game concept, but I feel as though the black market is detrimental to it. You are meant to outfox the other companies, by speculating on price and going after the resources that will be needed. It's like playing MULE or Settlers of Catan. The problem is it just reverts to any other RTS when the Black Market comes into play. If someone tries to plan ahead, see what is going to be needed, invest, ect. Other players just shut their stuff down. Sure, there are no armies, but is has the same effect. It's just lazy. Imagine Microsoft, instead of competing for market share with Apple based on innovation, could just nuke one of Apple's manufacturing plants. That's not how it works. Should we add a rule to Monopoly where you can obliterate Hotels? This is not in the spirit of this sort of arena.Please remove this and replace it with something else. There are auctions, price manipulations, etc. that are better suited for this game. More ideas like those, and less 'sabotage' type things would be MUCH better. If you don't want this to be like every other RTS out there, then don't make it like every other RTS out there. There is a lot of potential here, please don't drop the ball.I enjoy some aspects of the game, and see where it could be fun, but I cannot recommend it unless the direction is changed."
76561198076568845,Not Recommended,271240,30575658,Posted: 17 March,all,Trav,"OTC is a nice game, but dont be fooled that it is anywhere near the CIV series.  It is a basic resource management game in a very polished GUI.  A game can last around 30 minutes so you can play online or with friends but it doesnt quite scratch my itch.My problem is that it never really goes anywhere, each new game seems the same as the last and the limited number of ""factions"" dont add the variation considering there are not any real variations with maps.This biggest issueby far is that when you start a campaign, only 33% is unlocked, the rest is DLC.  It's like watching the adverts before a youtube clip, right after you paid to see it without ads.  I understand the desire to get more cash from customers, but this isn't candy tank crush sage bubble witch.  Shame on you.What should be a fun quick game is repetative and begging for cash.  Now I know what Trading Company"" refers to."
76561197970143059,Not Recommended,271240,18953909,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Comrade_Zer0,"I felt this game didn't really offer all that much long term playability for its price point at $20, and now at $40 its become a blatent rip off.The basic idea was strong, but the mechanics and arcade-ish gameplay do a serious diservice to their stated gameplay goals."
,Not Recommended,271240,17826151,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Foxy,"Games too short but devs dont bother to include options...A game is 7 days long, wich is about 10 minutes (or maybe 20 but still too short) everything is just: RUSH RUSH RUSH dont worry about the 800.000 debt you accumulate debt means NOTHING at all in this game as long as you rush to buy the most stocks...This could have been a great game and I was holding off on a review for a long time but to STILL have no option for longer games in at this point is pure neglicence."
76561197964120751,Recommended,271240,14608953,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Hyperlynx,"It's like realtime Settlers of Catan.It's not much like city builder style economic games (such as Tropico, Dwarf Fortress, Factorio, the Settlers series) because you are heavily limited by the number of tiles (ie resources) you can claim. There's no optimising your road layout because there are no roads - your cargo flies where it needs to go.The limited number of tile claims you have slows the pace from totally frantic to manageable. The game is bursts of frenetic energy and aggression as you seize an available opportunity, then back to waiting. It feels a bit like a turn based boardgame with a chess timer.I bought this game thinking I was going to have a nice quiet time building up a peaceful economy, as in the games I listed before, and that I wasn't too keen on the competitive aspect. Two hours later, I'm a cutthroat wheeling-and-dealing space CEO.That said, it's very easy to make unfixable mistakes, and the game's not much good at teaching you how to play it. I think a lot of plays will be necessary to figure out good strategies. There are also some rough edges in the game balance - there are a few ""I win"" buttons in there, which I'm expecting will get nerfed in future.It's a lot of fun, though. Just expect to think on your feet, very quickly, and to go for the throat."
,Recommended,271240,27685299,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,clef,"I was intimidated upon hearing about the premise of this game... It sounds like one of those games that are only fun to people with very specialized knowledge and tastes. But actually the developers have succeeded in making a very approachable and fast game about economy, business and finance, with clear tutorials and interface, and with a focus on multiplayer but still having a fun singleplayer experience.Every building needs special materials and produces something else, but all materials can be bought or sold at the market, with dynamic prices based on supply and demand. Imagine if in warcraft 2, you could sell your extra lumber to other players. There's no military combat here, but economic attacks, defense and espionage are integral to the game.You may be interested in the premise or not, but don't skip the game fearing that it will be too complicated. The mechanics are simple at the core, and may teach you an abstract thing or two about how business works in the real world."
,Recommended,271240,15534112,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Apsalar,"Given the oft and loudly proclaimed provenance of this game I expected a 4X-RTS experience, except with markets instead of militaries.  I imagined hours of playing vast, sprawling games across the surface of Mars, replete with complexity and grand strategic depth.That's not what this game is.  In fact OTC is a scion of the great RTS's of the late 90s, and it operates on that same tense, refined, match-oriented, competitive level- in which the genre name becomes an anachronism, because the actual gameplay is so tight and focused that it would be best described as tactical rather than strategic.  Matches are fast-paced and relatively short, demanding a combination of quick clicks and quick thinking to stay on top.  Resources, tech, and production are all tied up with each other in a single intertangled ""tree"" of progression.  You can buy or sell any resource or product at any time if you have the money, and one of the key facets of playing well is using this ever-market to drive up the value of your surplus goods and drive down the value of your opponents', while still making sure you are keeping your levels where they need to be to avoid halts in production or debt accumulation.  There's a moment sometimes in a match where suddenly you see a way that you can make the market perform for you like a puppet- a few minutes and some well-placed clicks later and your stock is way out on top  (assuming, of course, your plans aren't deflected by your opponents' own devious machinations).  Victory in OTC occurs when one player owns all the stock of all the corporations in the match.During the best matches I experience that same sort of premium-grade thrumming that I used to get from a good game of Starcraft in college, complete with peculiar blink of bewilderment at match's end as my brain powers down its High Alert protocols and returns to normal functioning.  I find it interesting that the devs keep emphasizing how not like Starcraft this game is, and yet my gut-level experience has been very similar for the two games.  It's interesting as well that the devs were so worried about multiplayer catching on without any combat outlet for players.  And yet this game shines most brightly in the cutthroat multiplayer arena.  I think they underestimated our creativity when it comes to eradicating our opponents.  The markets of OTC can be just as disruptive and violent (and satisfying) as any zerg-infested terran marine making a bee-line for your base.Overall 7.5/10Pros:+original concept with a classic feel+elegant, streamlined gameplay+relatively short matches+rewards creativity and decisiveness+compelling soundtrackYou decide:+/-quick clicking can be a major factor in your success+/-limited options in terms of tech and production+/-the differences among the corporate classes pose some interesting market problems for players but ultimately gameplay is pretty much the same for everyone+/- Early Access...sometimes you find a diamond at the end, sometimes it's a lemon.  I do tend to trust Stardock though.+/-high tension gameplayCons:-high, inflexible price point (a side effect of Kickstarter)-graphics and glitches need a lot of work before they are polished-occasional imbalances-game doesn't prepare you for its experience (watch some LPs, it helps a lot)"
,Recommended,271240,31706009,Posted: 12 May,all,Red.Star.,"This game is definitely worth getting on sale. I read some complaints about the DLCs before buying the game. I think this is an age of DLCs. Just think about the games of Paradox -- Crusader King II is totally different with/without dlcs.  I have been watching this game for a long time. I suggest those interested buy the gold edition, for the discount you get is so far the highest.The game has a very steep learning curve. It's best to start with its tutorial and complete it with patience. And the AI will be competitive above the intern level. In SP it is possible to pause the game with space key, but not in MP. This game reminds me of the 2d classic ""capitalism"" series. That's all for now.Recommended for those who enjoys economy building and competition games."
76561198006831622,Not Recommended,271240,14522260,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,zannikingfool,"A brief description of this game may read ""resource management and competitive economics on Mars"" - its free from combat (at least of a gun-play kind) and runs at ""realtime"" - Sounds good (if you like that sort of thing, which I do) and faily original...BUT there is one central and perhaps critical flaw...Offworld Trading Company has some truelly fantastic and compulsive elements - it has simple yet dynamic gameplay which takes seconds to learn and forever to master; the claiming and extraction of always limited resources before your competitors is simple enough (at least in theory) - the refinement of the resources into goods that demand higher prices, none too complex - manipulating the market for your benifit needs a little practice - However, learning how and when to combine black market tricks on your competitors with manufactured price hikes that trash their stock so you can buy them at a snap -- this takes time.Sadly, time is the thing that you simply don't have.  Whilst the interface, the gameplay and the graphics are all on a scale between good and outstanding the games pacing feels all off.  It's like watching (the original) Total Recall at twenty times the normal speed; you know that there are some great moments in there that you would love to savour but it's gone before you've noticed you're enjoying yourself.  If you're victorious then it doesn't feel like you've worked for it, if you lose it dosn't feel you've had a chance to put up a fight.  A game lasts around a half an hour to an hour and moves at a pace that would give Usain Bolt jet lag...And this is worries me because I don't know how it can be changed without removing all that makes the game stand-out from the crowd.  The Unique Selling Point of this game is ""realtime"" competitive economics - but that's not strictly true; REALTIME economics is slow, careful, managed.  Sure, there is shouting and screaming on the trading floor, but the wider economic world around it moves at a more measured pace.  RTS is a format that suits combat orientated games - it's frantic ""WHO IS SHOOTING ME/WHEN DID THAT BLOW-UP!!"" quality is appropriate to its content - war is (I imagine) chaotic and frantic - it's central gameplay is built around event's that can be drawn over realtime - namely gunfights.  But if we had a TRUE RTS economics game you would need to pass it down several generations to win - Neither nation nor global corporation gained market dominance over thirty muinets, it takes hundereds of yeears.... something thats nicely communicated and simulated in the format of a turn-based game.  The question is ""who want's this game"", or perhaps rather ""When do I want this game""?  If I'm in the mood for something fast-paced but stratigic it makes sense to look for gunplay, if its long lasting and stratigic economic is better.  This has the flaw of being neither and both.In the end, for all of Offworld Trading Company's good points (and it has many), its format seems irreconcilably at odds with its content; it ain't realtime economics at all, its economics so fast it feels like you can't breath - think Arnie in the red dust with eyes about to pop."
76561198011057683,Recommended,271240,23724542,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Whitemage,"Other reviews have covered the excellent sound, graphics, and market-driven gameplay. I will just add this: rarely have I played an RTS where the AI was so hard to beat. On Manager (where neither side has an advantage) I have only managed to win once out of about 8-10 games. You can play on an easier difficulty setting, of course; but it is refreshing for me to have an AI that provides such a challenge. (Playing online with friends has been great as well.)Oh, and from my experience (and what I have read/seen on streams) it is absolultely not true that the game lacks depth. When playing on a proper difficulty, a combination of terrain, faction, and the behavior of your opponents will force hard choices that do not play out the same every time.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,271240,14446577,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lua Cheia,"“MONEY is POWER”Highly recommended M&A simulation RTS.Concept : Fresh and Unique. Real Time Strategy but like a BoardgameObjectives : Make money, buy stocks and M&A opponents to winMaps : Randomly generated maps each game with some kind of tile setsOptimization : Pretty goodDisplay : Not bad but also not goodSounds : Unmemorable music with awful voice on black marketDifficulty : Pretty difficult to beginnersFirst impression of this game, when I heard and saw the concepts about OTC, it looks very interesting. But While watching the developer’s youtube tutorial videos, it looks a little boring because of there was no actual controllable units, and graphics and interface was looked too much simple. And today, after release as Early Access, while played first tutorial, it was looked really simple. But after play 5+ games? This game appeared ‘complex’ and ‘painstaking’.Compete auction to take high resource depots, regulate funds and debt, buy, sell and control the value of resources, bother opponents by black market... Above all, despite the difficulty was only employee level, AI players are not stupid :)This isn’t a perfect AAA game, but I think it’s worth of $40. It’ll be advance better and better until official release in 2016."
,Recommended,271240,22757739,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,DeathTacticus,"What is this game about?:This is an economic RTS simulator that takes place on Mars. Matches will take around 15-30 minutes depending on how many people you are playing with. This is not a epic-scale game like Civilization!  So you, the player can choose between 4 different factions. The 4 different factions are: Expansive, Robotic, Scientific and Scavenger. Every factions has there ups and downs and you want to use the best faction that you think is good on set random map.Gameplay:-Ingame you will have a market window on the left for all the market prices and all the rescource units you might have. This is where all the buying and selling will be taken place.-In the middle of the screen is where most of the action takes plays. On the map you build buildings that produce rescources which cost claims where you have limited number of. Because of this you need to plan your way through-On the right top side is where you and other players companies stocks are. The goal to win a game is very simple. Buy every other company out by buying there stock. Each company has 10 stocks. You can buy someone out by having a majority of there stock (6 stocks=60%) or if they bought there own 5 stocks already, you can buy those 5 stocks, double the price, in 1 go.-To combat the company that is leading a match there is something called the blackmarket. The blackmarket is on the right bottom side of the screen and will have a set of different items. Some items are there for to shutdown the production of your opponents or to boost your own production.What has the game to Offer?:-9 Tutorials which are very well done and explain you the game. after every tutorial you pass it will be a bit harder for you which is nice.-Campaign which consist of 9 different leaders which have there own set of different buildings. You play 6 different matches where you buy into the colony and not a Company. After that there is a final match where you need to buyout the remaining 3 companies. Note: prices are going to be crazy in this mode. Campaign takes about 4-5 hours.-Skirmish mode up to 8 Players.-Daily Challenge. Everyone gets the same map and restrictions and you will be competing to get the best time. There is also a leaderboard for that and you can watch replays from other players to see what they did differently.-Ranking System(online). 1vs1 is available on Monday through Thursday and 4 FFA Friday through Sunday.-Custom Lobby games(online). Just skirmish matches with your own rules against real people or with/against AI.-Well balanced AI-Different types of game modes."
,Not Recommended,271240,15503178,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,NanoByteGhost,"July 2016 Early Access Review UpdatedThe game is certainly more polished now that it was 1 year ago when I first reviewed it. It feels more like a game now and no longer causes my computer to melt down doing the tutorials.It is still a race to buy out the opponent and games typically last only 20 minutes. This means you are playing the same basic game over and over and over and that gets old fast.You are basically paying £30 for a game that gets boring after 2 hours, in those 2 hours you will typically have finished 6 games.The devs where told this a year ago and have done absolutely nothing to address the problem.Economy fans like their games to be longer than and deeper than this. Also it feels like a £9.99 Facebook game sold on the PC for £30 to me.Good game for £9.99.... bit of a rip off for £30 if you ask me.Below is my review for 1 year ago.... looks like I was right.April 2015 Early Access ReviewThe game needs more things to do, currently it is a pretty dull buy out your competitors before they buy you out affair. Every game is race to that end. Look at my hours in the game 1.8, I played several games and that is how long it took to win in each game. So there is no depth here, its a short sweet economic race game, with the finishing post being he who owns everything wins. It also runs rather hot too even on my well cooled system.I have not seen anything to suggest the game is getting more depth added prior to release. So I think this game will ultimately disappoint users who find them selves paying close to £30 for a game thats barely worth £4. There is going to be backlash over the price, just wait and see."
76561198179692627,Recommended,271240,31667033,Posted: 10 May,all,pollina,"I absolutely love this game for its uniqueness, its strategic depth, its highly compelling and competitive gameplay and its awesome community, but Offworld Trading Company is certainly not a game for everyone.  My honest recommendation for anyone who is thinking of buying it is to check out some gameplay footage first. (Zultar327, Mohawk Games, Blues OTC, philothanic, etc. all have lots of Offworld content on Youtube).Too many people buy this game thinking it is an epic, story driven city or colony builder, then end up very disappointed when they find out that the game is something else entirely. This is no Anno, Sim City or Civilization on Mars. If all you are interested in is games like those, then Offworld is most likely not the game for you.Offworld is a very unique game, which makes it very hard to explain it. It is an RTS without guns, but with lots of economic warfare. It is a bit like a digital board game played in real time. (Another reviewer once called it “Catan on steroids”, which seems oddly appropriate.) It is mostly skirmish based and very cutthroat and competitive, so don’t expect peaceful colony building. Games last 20 to 35 minutes, which is perfect for multiplayer and which makes it easy to squeeze in a game  when one has little time for gaming.Despite its fairly simple mechanics, it has a lot of strategic depth and a pretty steep learning curve. It is an RTS, but this game does not require high APM. Being good at the game is much more about observation, fast thinking and adaptation. You have to observe your opponents and the market and you always have to be prepared to adapt to what is happening on the map and in the resource and stock markets. The random map, starting prices and black market effects and your opponents’ actions will make each game play out very differently.Between AI skirmishes, a dynamic campaign mode and Daily Challenges there is a decent amount of single-player content, but multiplayer is where the game really shines. The community is one of the friendliest gaming communities out there. Despite the playerbase being fairly small, it is usually not too hard to find games. The most active time is in the European and American evening. If you have trouble finding games, I recommend to either look for Offworld multiplayer streams on Twitch and join the games there or to try and organize games via our community discord server:https://discord.gg/0pQ0rgV4DDFxO2rD"
,Not Recommended,271240,34568745,Posted: 28 August,all,Sandwichman,"Tl;dr: gameplay is mostly managing resources then the game ends with you buying someone out, or vice versa. Art ranges from great to ""wtf?"" 4/10.I think it's safe to say that they broke this game since I've last played it. And not that it was that great when I last played it, but it seemed to flow better. And the end game results felt more fair. Now, however, the resource management is all off, the way you buy shares and take over companies is completely wrong. It's like a 1st year college student's idea of what capitalism is with only wikipedia as a guide.I think they have a really interesting concept here and the graphics are great, but the execution leaves me scratching my head. If they're going to institute shares, debt, and cash, why don't they make a game around that concept..Here's how I would have done it:Debt:Your company makes purchases and creates debt. You're in the red. now other players should be able to buy that debt, and when that player pays off their debt, the other players who buy that debt get little payments (aka interest). Having more debt hurts you and helps other players and that forces you to pay it off sooner.Shares:If you're going to institute this system, then you should be able to buy and sell and have a benefit to owning them. The subsidiary option is nice, but you should be able to do more. Like short their shares, a risky move that puts you in debt and lowers their share price, just hope other players don't buy in before you do. You should also get a dividend for owning their shares.Cash: Cash should not be so weak and always running out. A good business keeps a reserve and the game just doesn't reflect that practice. Currently, the game forces you do spend spend spend to try and keep up. There is no reward or benefit to keeping cash at all.. Or at least none that I've found.Claims:In addition to buying spots of land, you should be able to buy land and speculate on the price. Surveys should be run randomly throughout the game or you should be able to pay for a survey to see if your land purchase paid off. Real estate is vastly underrepresented in this game.Resources:There are entirely too many resources and too little pay off to retrieve them. It falls into the classic RTS pitfall of ""Not enough minerals,"" and needs balancing. Resources are traded in the game, which is good, but they're handled poorly. Other than grabbing what you need to build stuff, there is little benefit to owning that tiny bit more than you need. And the compensation is just too weak to try and be a part of it. For example, if you dominate a resource and have a near monopoly, you should be able to gouge prices. Instead the game's resources system just magically lowers the value of said resource until you're left with 300+ useless units that you can't offload.Black Market, Pirates, powerups, patents, hackers, and so on and so on... and other buildings:What a mess. Basically it's options overkill. This needs to be streamlined and cut down to the base items.Overall gameplay:You'd have to completely rip apart the current game to get where I'm going with this, but basically there needs to be a focus on 1. Colonization, 2. Business, and 3. ""specials"" (aka, actionable things people can do to spice the game up). Basically the game now is 1. Resources 2. Resources 3. More resources, but now you sell them so you buy someone out or get bought out. It sucks.But back to my review. This game needs a ton of work to feel more like a game, because right now it feels like resource manager 2017. Also the company representative art is like Portland food truck indie art and feels completely off. If it weren't for that, the game graphics would be near perfect as I really like the game's assets. Oh and before I forget, the tutorial is about 500 paragraphs too long. You can teach the gameplay and add a little story, but not the other way around. As it stands now there are about 10 screens for each thing you build. ""so you want to build a metal mine, eh? well first you have to know my name, where I'm from and hey look at my sick food truck tattoos..."" It's painful to read.I haven't been able to get the enjoyment I had when this game was in early access which is a shame because I was looking forward to the finished product. Which, if you can't tell already, is not where this game is right now. 4/10."
76561198020130676,Not Recommended,271240,29132787,Posted: 8 January,all,matt,"So this is a typical Stardock Game.  and for those that love stardock, you may enjoy picking this up.  I got it on boxing day for about $15.  I've played it for about 5 hours and am done with it and feel I got my monies worth at $15.  IMO it is not even remotely worth the $45 they are charging full price for it.Pro's:  I like the factions.  they are well designed, have cool leaders with interesting personalities and the art is fun.The idea of a planetary city builder with strong economic motivations really appeal to me.  almost like Alpha centari playing the morgan faction for those Sid Mier geeks out there.Interface is easy to use,  turtorials are quick and snappy, you can be playing this game at full speed within an hour of running the tutorial missions.Con's:  ITs way too fast.  Games last about 30 mins start to finish.  (even the ones I win)  I am more into the long game simlations, which is why I opened with ""typical star dock game""  your neighbours will be on your doorstep within minutes of starting the game, and if you don't take an eary lead, you are toast as you only have about 10 minutes to make up the lead or the game will end.The campaign mode was lacklustre, and turtorials for campaign mode were lacking,  it was hard to really understand what campaign was about until you play one campaign game through to completeion . fortunatly they games only last about 20 mins so its faster to just play it through and figure it out than to google it and read about it.Overall I am going to not recomend this game.  not because its not good,  it is, but Its way overpriced. if you are picking this up on sale, you can probably get 10 hours of fun out of it so pay accordingly.  if you have friends that play, you can probably get a little more time out of it, as multiplayer seems to be really the only place a game this fast would be fun time and time again.  Or if you like stardock games in general, go ahead and pick it up.   honestly though, its not as good as the videos make it look."
76561198048304774,Not Recommended,271240,14699527,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Amo1411,"Positive:- There's a lot of potential for this game.- It's pretty- The concept is something new.- Runs flawlessly.Negative:- At this time, the only down fall I could find was the price. It is definitely not worth $40 at this time.Recommendation:If you absolutely MUST have this game then go ahead and get it. If you're looking for something to try out.. DON'T. You can accomplish more burning your money. After playing a few times you'll already experience most of what is to offer at the moment. It's a game worth watching for in the future but do yourself a favor and save your money for now."
,Recommended,271240,27373847,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Das Blah,"I first went into the game adoring the feel and wishing for it to be a longer classical tycoon style game.I'm so glad it isn't.This game is an incredibly intelligent and unique strategy game that requires players to manage a company and successfully out-play their competitors in short to intermediate matches, where the objective is to buy out the oppoisition. With limited claims, a♥♥♥♥♥♥of resource types and locations players will have to adapt their strategy to what they can get their hands on, and if a competitor is getting a bit too powerful, players can use a series of corporate espionage actions in order to temporarily cripple parts of their competitors, to get that slight edge.Everything about this gamem requires you to think ahead and plan out what you want to do, while being able to adapt said plan to the ever evolving playing field that competitors provide. Your stocks might suddenly be bought or maybe someone decided to shut down your production, and it's through this that you have to carefully adapt and react to these situations. The interactions between players is done incredibly, with fast-paced gameplay that'll keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time.Accompanying this is of course beautiful and stylized graphics combined with incredible sounds and music to create the perfect mood, depending on where you're at in the game. They successfully managed to make Mars up close beautiful, and after the release of recent DLC, they did the same with Ceres.While the lack of players is definitely a problem, the AI is honestly one of the best I've seen in any game. The devs have spent so much time and money on making an extremely intelligent AI that can adapt and plot just as well as the player, and will create many intense moments where you and the competing AI are racing to buy the other's last stock, with the most satisfying feeling when you finally manage to beat them.Ultimately this game is incredible and definitely deserves a try, though it may not be for most casual strategy players. You'll find hours of entertainment, whether it's through the AI or other players that by some magical chance you manage to find. GG Mohawk, GG."
76561198011204598,Recommended,271240,23832329,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PopsurSocks,"I have never written a review of a game before, but I feel compelled to write one for this game.  I have always loved strategy games, the more in-depth the better.  If you are like me, then I HIGHLY recommend this game.  The tools you have available for manipulating the market, taking advantage of your opponents weaknesses, and exploiting the quirks of each individual map all combine to offer an extremely competitive and variable Multiplayer experience.  I can't speak too much to the Single Player elements of the game, I don't generally play SP stuff, but the MP environment by itself more than justifies the purchase of this game.  The developers are extremely connected and involved in the community, and I couldn't ask for a better product, pick this game up if you haven't already!"
76561198018371850,Not Recommended,271240,22712362,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,VostokMercenary,"Do not buy!- Content does not justify the price, I cannot stress that enough.EDIT: 16/12/16, Ive notice theve added DLC that should be free due to sheer lack of content in this thing. Not good at all.Fun game but overpriced, quite complicated at first you have to manage resources to produce products but both can be sold so the economy balance can get hectic. And the UI is obstructive but i guess that is the main element as the map is its just for placing structures, it takes up most of the screen.There is a campaign, sort of, which is round based, messy and confusing in its layout (you have to choose starting locations on a planet that give you bonuses if you 'win' that mission?). Also its really just skirmish after skirmish with a twist (focus on the colony construction rather 'beating down' the opposition) with a strange competitive vain running through, like a business style knockout in the later stages.Overall this is no way worth the full price of £30-£45 (Deluxe) or even the discounted £22-£29. This is like a solid £15 indie title currently, Its just a nice concept that could get boring after maybe 10 hours play at a push,it is fun with some friends which can extend its play value to a point but I'd wait for some content updates, if theyll be any...Pros:Nice art styleFun crashing the marketsFun teaming up with friends to price fixConceptCons:Content (lack of)CampaignVarietyMaps (samey really even with the map pack)UIPriceEDIT: 16/12/16, Ive noticed the've added DLC, that should be free due to sheer lack of content in this thing. Not good at all."
,Recommended,271240,31096315,Posted: 12 April,all,Kaph,"Great game, however sometimes they can be a little short and unfulfilling. There's also a lack of people playing in multiplayer ranked games - it feels at times as though no-one is playing the game. However, when you do get your own friends to play, it can be very fun."
76561198025626647,Recommended,271240,14440886,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,dltarex,"Early Access Review (2/12/15)BLUF: #1 - I feel that RTS is a poor term to describe this game and #2 - from the Devs “Feedback! We want to know how players are going to break the game, suss out any degenerate strategies, and make sure we polish every rough edge off of the gameplay. Offworld Trading Company is fully funded; we are not relying on Early Access sales to finish the game.” This statement is key.***For those of you who have been burned by early access games before please take the note from the Devs seriously. This is a very playable and stable game right now and they already have the resources to put the finishing touches on it. So you are not really paying to make the game, you are getting an early shot at the game and a chance to drive further balance into the system. The final quality of this game will depend heavily on balancing the PVP aspects of the game so the more feedback they have now the better.As far as this being a RTS; while it might be the closest term we have to define it, that will give many people the wrong idea. There are no units to move, no combat, and no chokepoints. You establish a base and build buildings to harvest resources (much like the Warhammer:Dawn of War series) and use those resources to develope higher teir commdities to eventually sell for cash and buy out your opponents. It is fast paced and at times will feel like a RTS, but traditional RTS tactics will fail for the most part.The key is that the prices that determine which resource is the 'win' resource will depend on the strat adapted by the players in the game and will change from game to game. There are no Ultimate Resources that win the game each time. The higher teir products will usually have a higher price, but if everyone in that game chases them then the price will plummet and the player sitting on a pile of low teir resources can dominate. Basically the L33T strat that everyone wants to use will neuter itself before it can win.My current concerns:The pace of the game is very aggressive for a strategy game. The pace can be adjusted and I have only played against the AI with their GHz brains, but knowing PVP types this could quickly devolve into a 'who can spam out the first 3 correct buildings' contest.The interface needs to do a better job of letting the player know whats going on. There are some pretty nasty things lurking on the Black Market and all you get is a chat box type readout to announce them and maybe an onscreen animation if you happen to be looking at that part of the map at the time. The trick is to find the balance where we get the info we need without getting our screen spammed out by alerts. Good luck Mohawk!"
,Recommended,271240,14441257,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Hobbes,"Ignore the entry ticket price, this is one of the most polished Early Access titles you'll ever see.Offworld Trading Company, possibly the most curious of creatures. A game that dares to break the rules, it's not quite a 4x and it's not quite an RTS, and yet it's got elements of both, as well as a very brutal and brilliant introduction into capitalism in it's most true sense.The creator of this was the lead designer of Civ IV, still widely regarded as the pinnacle of the series and still very much fondly remembered by many to this day (and often still played by many, it's got a dedicated following, mods and glorious goodies, it's still fantastic, if you don't have Civ IV, please get it). He's brought a very unique approach to this game and has effectively talen the spirit of M.U.L.E. and brought it back, shaken it up and presented us with a entirely new set of concepts to learn and re-learn.The game plays out over a martian map, randomly generated from various landscapes made up of craters, dried riverbeds and valleys that do a fairly solid impression of conveying the martian scene, as well as various terrain that can be covered in ice, certain areas will be marked with resource node icons indicating they are of potential exploitative value for various minerals.  Arranged on a hex grid, you'll immediately be put in mind of old strategy games, but the comparison ends there. There are no units to control, at all. You only build things.A non combat 4X, is this even possible? Say whaaaaaaaaaat?Yes. I'll repeat that. You only build things. In this game, your structures are your units in effect. Your mines, your colony buildings, and your economy represents your ""arsenal"" and ""weaponry"". This makes for a frenetic early game as everyone jumps into the map blind, all arriving at the starport with nary but a blank map and the ability to scan in a limited range and for a limited number of times (these recharge over time, but you're effectively capped to a number of 'hops'), you'll see tantalising highlights on the horizon suggesting possible mineral nodes, but you won't KNOW what they are unless you scan right over them.This presents the first risk/reward mechanic, because the very early stages are a gold rush, do you take your time and map out the area, performing a thorough survey and pick the best spot (and risk losing it by accident to a lucky colonist) or do you jump at the first spot that ""looks good"" and risk sacrificing a better opportunity later on?During the early game, you'll be moving fairly quickly to make the optimal use of your initial claims, working out the best places to put down mines, whether you're best off setting up colony infrastructure or buying in the resources you need whilst you export minerals, again, these are all choices you have to balance, and the economics are very fluid. The game operates an exceptionally liquid supply and demand based market that fluctuates very quickly based on what is sold and what is required by the people off planet, so taking advantage of peaks in the market, and stocking up when there's a glut can make for excellent trading strategies on top of the usual manufacturing gigs.As the game progresses you'll be offered auctions on patents, black market goods, pirates will offer their services, and the game settles into a reasonable pace, it's not too brisk that you'll be panicking over keypresses, and you'll usually have more than enough time to plan your moves, but it's juuuust fast enough that you'll not start feeling bored or that there's a lull in the action. The pace even now feels just right, and the game even at this Early Access stage feels amazingly well refined. The AI is also brutal, which makes for some excellent and tense singleplayer matches (and if you're not careful, amazingly short ones, the AI knows when to strike and buy you out, with scary precision).The economy has a solid enough set of gears that you can work through as you expand, moving up through basic goods at first, and then you can decide to diversify, thus preventing your company from becoming exposed to the fluctuations or even possible manipulations of the market, or you can specialise in luxury goods, with the aim of striking it rich when demand is at it's highest. If, and it's a big if, you do this well, the rewards are huge, and in an RTS, would be the equivalent of nuking the base, here you win with money. Earn more than your opponent, buy them out and crush them.This is where the true nature of the game comes to the fore, as a lesson in future capitalism, it's bold, and even at times cruel, but perhaps a very good mirror to hold up and show what can happen if the only guiding force is the market, as a game, this makes it a brilliant and unique concept, and as an Early Access product, well, it's far from ""Early"" in my eyes. This game feels very much close to completion, they're more talking about fleshing out the multiplayer, getting the pacing and balancing just right and layering on the polish (this game needs polish?!?! WHERE?). Truth be told, it feels very polished as it is, there's a few graphical glitches but these are -minor-.Yes, the cost of entry is high, but for once, this is a game that actually justifies the entry fee.Closing thoughtsThis is a rare case where Early Access actually is a literal application of the term, you're paying to get Early Access to the almost complete product, and to provide feedback that helps shape it before it goes to the final version. Balancing, tweaking, and providing strategic insight to the developers, who have been listening and responding, and watching in kind.It's a very good example of how Early Access in a ""shortform"" approach should work (there's plenty of longer form SEA games that have done well such as Prison Architect, but that's a seperate discussion). As a result I really have little hesitation putting the paws up for this one, it's a genuinely brilliant game and it brings something different to the table, which it should be commended for.Current verdict :Highly recommended, and ignore the Early Access sticker, there's nothing Early about this game, it's very much in an end-to-end playable state"
76561197972500727,Not Recommended,271240,21912475,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Binford,"This game needs a lot of work to make it enjoyable. The Black Market items just make the game stressful as, if you're the highest ranked player for the mission, you will inevitably be targeted repeatedly by the other three AI players, making it nearly impossible to manage your resources. Even if you are doing really well and own all the stock in your own company in a skirmish, another player can still somehow buy stock in your company that shouldn't even be for sale and win the game. The claim system is completely hampering the ability to play the game as it is portrayed in the videos. There's just too small of a map and too limited of resources to enjoy the act of building up a company or colony. The missions are over so quickly I feel no satisfaction even if I win.Yes, most RTS's are military games, but there is an econmic angle to them as well. The strongest economies are usually the winners. This game substitutes the lack of tanks and turrets for Black Market items that blow up buildings, temporarily disable them or capture them for other players. THIS IS NO DIFFERENT. There is no difference between this game and a military RTS except that this game is not fun, not realistic in the aspects of building up a company or the ability to focus on a single resource chain / manufacturing process, and it is over so quickly it leaves you wondering why you just spent 30-45 minutes playing a ""week"" mission in a compaign that makes you start all over again the next week with some ""upgraded"" capabilities.I spent one skirmish (because I wanted to play with all available buildings) only to find that by the time that I could start launching items into space for selling offworld (the best way to make money in the game by far) that the other computer player had already bought out the other two companies (which I had bought stock in, but could no longer as they were now 'subsidiaries' of the main company) and proceeded to blow up my only launchpad (because, again, limited building claims) with the black market dynomite option even though it was protected with the Goon Squad (the only defensive measure in the game that you have to continually and immediately purchase after each attack [which is an extremely ridiculous option considering the computer can repeatedly attack you faster than you can click to purchase and place your defense against this).Maybe I haven't given this game enough time to understand it completely, but, as an experienced gamer of RTS's. I found this game difficult to understand, unintuitive in controls and concepts, not fun (for previously mentioned reasons), and regretted buying it immediately.Hopefully this game has a major overhaul by the time it goes into full version, but I will not be playing it again and hope that I get my refund."
76561198159404653,Recommended,271240,31675620,Posted: 10 May,all,TheProphet,"NOTE: If you're looking for a Civilization-like game, do NOT buy Offworld: it is in no way similar to Civ games, and should not be judged as such. I highly recommend looking up streams or recent gameplay videos if you're unsure about what OTC is, or if you'd enjoy it.I'd also like to point out that I only play a fraction of what OTC has to offer, therefore the following thoughts are based only on 1v1 matches, both ranked and singleplayer. There are also 4 player ranked matches, up to 8 player lobbies and singleplayer equivalents, as well as a large amount of other singleplayer content that I have yet to try.Offworld is an economic RTS--not a Turn-Based game--that manages to deliver an incredible amount of depth in relatively short matches (typically 10-30 minutes, which I understand is short for the genre). With that depth; however, comes a respectably steep learning curve. Keep this in mind whilst reading less-than-40-hour reviews that claim Offworld has no depth and is repetitive to the point that you've seen it all after just a few hours of gameplay.I am of the opinion that 20-50 hours of gameplay is necessary just to have a firm grasp on how the game works, and is hardly enough time to give an accurate appraisal of replay value. For me at 110 hours played, I still feel as if this review is premature, but I can tell you that depth is not lacking from my perspective.Where does the depth come from?Players must adapt to a host of varying conditions including the maps themselves, starting resource prices, a neutral colony that adds recource demand (and supply in some cases), random events, and perhaps most importantly: the actions of other players. That last point is where the multiplayer side of Offworld really shines, and while the AI is respectable, it is never going to offer the same gameplay experience that human opponents will. As I said previously, my experience in single player modes is limited, so I cannot accurately comment on the campaign; however, standard singleplayer games have certainly been a help in preparation for multiplayer ranked matches, and still serve as a training tool in my relatively young Offworld career.Currently, there are four different player factions to choose from, and two locations (Mars and Ceres); there is an expected increase to six factions, and three locations with the first major expansion Jupiter's Forge arriving some time this spring. Expansion aside, I expect the base game alone would be enough to hold my interest for hundreds of hours, and I repeat: I'm only playing one of the ranked modes available, and the mode I don't play (4 player FFAs) is preferred by most players and is certainly the more complicated of the two.If that type of depth sounds intriguing to you, I strongly encourage watching some gameplay footage to make sure Offworld is what you think it is. I overdid the research part, and spent at least a couple dozen hours watching tournament footage, and gameplay streams before making the purchase, but I don't regret buying Offworld in the slightest.There are a number of negative reviews left by people who evidently were not aware of Offworld's basic premise before buying. Offworld is the perfect game for the right person, just take a few extra minutes and make sure you're that person rather than another disappointed reviewer that was hoping for a different game."
76561198066543156,Not Recommended,271240,28189669,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,paradigm87,"Although this game provides a new concept and looks interesting, to me its replayability was quite low. Seeing the current price tag I believe this price is way too high for the little content the game provides."
,Recommended,271240,31213978,Posted: 18 April,all,Benson,"As far as RTS / resource management games go, this one is quite the doozy. Most games give you three or four resources to manage and figure out, this one throws about a dozen at you. The tutorials are engaging, the game is visual beautiful, you'll find yourself getting sucked into the old ""just one more match..."" cycle.Having said all that...The AI in single player games is STUPIDLY overpowered. You'll find yourself beat to the punch on literally every single thing you try to do. Some of the various factions (okay, really just the Science HQ) are so oddly configured that it's almost impossible to figure out.This game is unforgiving and has a super steep learning curve, but if you're okay with all of that, I'll give it a solid 8/10 stars."
76561197970289083,Not Recommended,271240,14476936,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,shiremct,"As many other reviewers of this game have stated, the price point of this game is simply way too high for what you get, especially considering the game is in early access and I expect them to only raise the price from here. I don't shy away from early access games and I've had more than a few that never really progressed as I hoped/expected, but most I feel I at least get my money's worth out of them, but at $35, this is one of the few I definitely regret picking up.It's not really a bad game and it is an interesting concept, but the sacrifices the developers have made to make matches fit into 20-30 minutes have made the gameplay chaotic and often times inconsistent... not things that are typically appreciated in an economic game, competitive real-time or not. It also lacks any decent mechanisms to defend yourself from sabatoge or simply being bought out once the bulk cash transactions start coming in in the late game, so winning or losing a match can be both frustrating and unsatisfying. You can carefully manuever yourself into an advantageous position to corner a market on a resource or disrupt an opponent's supply chain but then you get 75k from one offworld shipment of a base resource like oxygen, dump all your resources on the market, and hit a + button a couple times and win without any of it mattering.The game definitely lacks depth and each match usually hinges completely on the base materials like glass or power. Regardless of which resources are the focus on any given match, the gameplay is mostly the same every time. It can be fun and it does have potential if the developers are open to some design changes, but it is simply not worth $35 or more right now and I seriously doubt it ever will be.I would love to be wrong and see great things happen for this game as development continues, but right now, I can not recomment it."
,Recommended,271240,14462948,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Zebulan,"I recommend this game, with a grain of salt!  This is not a game for everyone and the price point isn't for everyone, either.The description reads that the game is complete and only looking to do polish and balancing.  In my eyes, the game is not complete, and shouldn't be deemed complete.  For $40 CAD, Offworld Trading Company will make your chequebook scream.  The sheer lack of content in this game at present doesn't make this feel like a $40 game; however, this may be the ""spoiled adult"" in me talking - It cost more to buy M.U.L.E. for the C64 back in the day, and it has far less.For starters, everyone fights for the same resources, to produce the same few marketable goods.  This is, of course, the entire premise of the game, but I don't feel it's done correctly.  The game really boils down to ""Who clicks faster.""  You have the same relative strategy among all the other players, no matter the race you play: Build necessary starting materials to upgrade your HQ, buy materials that are dirt cheap and sell materials that are pricey.  The lack of materials and race specializations may be the downfall here, because once you fall behind the competition, winning becomes unattainable.  Since everyone is fighting for the same resources, whoever dominated the market first, wins; you may as well just resign.You are given dirty underhanded tricks to try and slow down the competition, with ever increasing cost as they are used.  That, in itself, is another problem.  The profiteer gets to use these features to their hearts content - they're making the money, after all.  As they use these features against you to continue pushing themselves ahead, the underhanded tricks end up costing more - something you obviously cannot afford - putting the balance in the hands of the first place position.You may be wondering, ""Wow, he's whining a lot about losing a game!"" and no, I've won my fair share, both against the A.I. and humans; I write this from both perspectives.  If you get ahead of someone, you literally can continue to open the gap between yourself and second place, just because I landed on that Iron first.  I truly did not find the game enjoyable when I was trouncing my competition; it was far more fun when we were on equal footing, needing to make quick decisions to outwit each other.I still give this game a positive recommendation.  After all is said and done, I very much enjoyed myself playing Offworld Trading Company in its current state.  I cannot say I will ever play it again though, which is why the $40 price tag seems extremely steep.  This is one of those games that you will love to play a lot and never play again.  As much as I would love to launch it in future, after having figured out ""how to win,"" the game has lost all flavour due to its extreme lack of content.Should the developers revisit the economy and add an abundance more resources, giving all players a chance to compete, then I feel this would be an exceptional real-time strategy game.  Until then however, this is a game of it's own genre: Real-time clicking competition."
,Recommended,271240,22757438,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Dipex,"There is a really strong caveat in recommending this, which is that the tags on the store page are extremely deceptive.  This is not an economic game, this is not a simulation game, this is not a trading game, and this is not a base building game.  This is a very fast paced, micro-intensive RTS.Its an interesting take on the RTS genre, because you don't have any units to control.  But make no mistake, this game plays very similarly to one of the micro practice maps for SC2, and uses essentially the same skillset.  Its just that instead of microing units around a map, you're constantly scanning the map, spamming abilities, and hitting the buy/sell button.  I know it may sound like this is fundamentally different from microing units around, but in practice its not.If you're someone who likes the micro game in SC2, you'll like this game.  If you're a more casual RTS player then this probably isn't the game for you.There's nothing wrong with that, and the game itself is quite well done, but the game is definitely targetted towards a relatively small niche and the store page/reviews in no way reflect that."
,Recommended,271240,33492790,Posted: 12 July,all,Toast,"I am so glad that this game exists. With so many RTS's out there trying to be AoE or something along the lines of Civilization, this game dares to be different, and even if you don't like it, you can at least agree with that.Offworld Trading Company is an RTS that instead of being based around fortification and combat, is based around economics, and it works so well!Admittedly when I first started playing this game, I thought it was going to be a bit slow and tedious. But that was before I started campaign mode. The devs have made the stakes so perfectly weighted in this game that anything can feel rewarding whether it be winning the campaign or coming second on one of the rounds. And the sheer speed of some of the rounds can knock you flat on your butt. You'd think that buying and selling iron and silicon would be the most boring premise of a game but the way it's set up, it feels like your life depends on an opponent buying a little bit of carbon from you.For anyone who would be deterred from the idea of never actually fighting your opponents, I suggest you give this game a shot. It may not provide the exact same feeling as toppling the final wall of your friend's base, but it'll give you an amazing rush when you screw everyone over by having a monopoly on food."
76561198137744303,Recommended,271240,28542378,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Spry_Fly,"I bought this on the recent sale, and it is easily worth the full price for any strategy game lover. Where to start? I feel like I have to explain first, and foremost, what this game actually brings to the table. I am a lover of RTS and the turn-based strategy staples. I am also a lover of MOBA type multiplayer. I think it is important to note that the single player and multiplayer are almost two different games. They follow the same mechanics, but the single player feels almost like a career-mode where matches are linked together and unlocking perks for your chosen CEO along the way, while the multiplayer brings the most intense purely competitive gameplay that I have seen in years. Even in the games where I get trounced I am left feeling like I have more grasp on the game than before, and know this is a benefit for future games.The reason this game is amazing to me is that there isn't a ""meta"" strategy to just win. This game requires a fluid strategy with the goal being to acquire competing companies by buying a majority stake. The goal is to develop supply chains that produce goods from basic to higher tier products made out of those base resources. One players actions in the first minute may require a fundamental shift in the strategy of another. This is way more than the generic paper-rock-scissors we see in a lot of strategy games, or simply any competitive game.This brings us to the learning curve. If you have played a strategy game before 2000 then the tutorial is amazingly informative. For those new to the RTS genre (I see this game mostly as such), it will feel unfair to lose repeatedly at first. These losses are the growing process of grasping the mechanics. As you start you will realize you have been handed a toolbox with a dozen tools, and winning only comes when you know the time and place to use each tool. You will lose suddenly and realize that you simply forgot about one aspect, but the oversight is just one more learning opportunity. Players that go into a situation saying I want to always use this specific company faction or believe they have an infallible one-size-fits-all strategy will lose, and quickly at that.I have seen reviews where the reviewers say that the game is about speed and not strategy. The speed simply comes with playing and understanding the resources needed for expansion. Again for RTS players think of the first time you grasped how to expand bases quickly to reach end game in the likes of Warcraft, C&C, AoE. Once you know how to upgrade quickly then it is time for strategy to kick in. The tutorial games are difficult at first, but only because the learning curve of these levels want you to graduate with the knowledge of the mechanics before letting you loose.The multiplayer wait times can be on the long side for FFA(4-player) matches, but the game allows you to do the 'Daily Challenge' scenario or a skirmish against the AI while you wait. That game will be autosaved before entering the multiplayer match. 1v1 matches have much shorter wait times. I think 1v1 is easier (may be different for each person), but FFA is where the real fun lies.If you like single player more than Patron DLC is a must (adds aspects to campaign mode), and I think the Ceres DLC is definitely worth it as well (adds new resources, new power supply, new map type).TL;DR:Anyone that wants to be in control of their own game strategy on the fly in quick, highly competitive matches with RTS elements must own this game. A lot of gamers lately want their hand held by a cut-and-paste guide that will ensure they win a high amount of the time. Thankfully this is not that game, this game requires one to like facing challenges.Edit: I'm now over 115 hours in, and this review was from about 15 hours in. I had only seen the tip of the iceburg. This game continues to amaze and I am still learning more with every game 100 hours later."
76561198030558128,Recommended,271240,29790599,Posted: 8 February,all,jmstein,"One of my favorite games of all time.  The game has the best macro aspects of turn-based games like Civilization, with the speed of an RTS and some great personality to it.I'd strongly recommend for anyone who mainly likes the macro aspect of RTS games or likes 4X games like Civilization, but is looking for something more fast paced.I wouldn't recommend for someone who wants combat or who doesn't like games in this genre."
76561198053437414,Not Recommended,271240,31971224,Posted: 26 May,all,zo0ok,"I like building and trading games and Offworld Trading Company got decent reviews and was for sale. But it is not a game for me. It is too much action (dynamite here, nuke there), too little strategy (analyzing the map, understanding what your opponents are up to). Maybe most of all I dont like the winning conditions with buying out your competiion. I dont expect a game to perfectly simulate a stock market, but this is too simplified - particularly to be the winning condition.But it looks nice, its quite quick to play and it seems well tested."
,Recommended,271240,14442943,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"This is a great economic game. The goal is to buy out your opponents by gaining resources and selling them at the highest values you can get. You can do it like a goodly market competitor or you can relish in the lamentations of your enemies by crushing them with some dirty tactics. Oh you took over that resource I wanted? That's okay, I'm just going to nuke it. Oh you're going to sell water til price plummets? Well I'm going to hack the market and triple the value! Now I see why EA likes being EA so much... screwing competitors and customers is just so much fun.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7oe4gx8JOY"
,Recommended,271240,14611690,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mike Le Watt,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvFYBkesqGU
76561197972247647,Not Recommended,271240,14644360,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Cyvster,"It's a decent game, but the price is a bit high for what you get. They definitely have a lot of work to do before the game releases. I wouldn't term this is an economy game. This is an attack your opponent RTS, but the attacks are different than your standard RTS. I was expecting a laid back economic builder in the sim city fashion that was a real-time game. This is more of a fast paced eliminate your opponent game like your regular combat RTS.Playing on the easiest difficulty and the game on slow speed I feel rushed. If I do not start buying out my opponents quickly they will buy me out. My games typically last 30 minutes to an hour because the AI pushes the game so fast. If I go any slower I will lose.I find it difficult to beat the computer. I feel like I have to use exploits to even have a chance. The way I am able to beat the computer is to find the least populated resource and build my base on it to reduce the amount even more. Then I claim all that I can of the remaining. This slows the computer down a little bit and will allow me to prolong the game. I have never played on anything except the lowest difficulty because of how challenging it is.If you are looking for a casual economic game then this is probably not what you are looking for. If you are looking for a fast paced RTS that the first 5 minutes of game play can make or break you then this might be it for you. There are a lot of much better RTS' out there. As an economic builder I don't think this games is going to appeal to the type of casual player that would be interested in economic builders.Game stability? The game has crashed on me about 5 times while I was playing tonight over the course of about 5 hours.This game is supposedly in Alpha. If it is truly in alpha then they are still planning to add more content to the game. If they are just fine tuning, bug testing, and performance optimizing then this is not in alpha. If it's alpha then I look forward to the complete game. If this is beta then I'm disappointed.If you have $40 to spare and would like something to do for a day or two then I would pick this up. If you have high expectations for this purchase then I would suggest waiting to buy."
,Not Recommended,271240,23878297,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,pheinzig,"It was fun for a few hours, very unique. Unfortunatly it wore out really fast due to incredibly shallow gameplay that turns most matches into 20 min of who can rush to whatever the maps rare commodaty is."
,Recommended,271240,21897809,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,interfusion,"Innovative and fun.Absolutely worth $20!At $40, it's not as easy of a recommendation.While the mechanics are novel, there are a few rough spots."
76561197962839456,Recommended,271240,14596476,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TSKing,"To sum it up...-Not worth 40 dollars-Interface is lackluster at this point: No mini-map, too much clicking, no hot keysAs a result, the Black Market is more difficult to utilize-Supply/Demand of basic resources can be fun, but it needs work-LAG is absolutely terrible 80% of the time. The delay, especially early game, is a huge disadvantage. With all the bank they're making on this early access game, I hope they buy servers.I have faith in the development team, and I'm looking forward to future updates. If they are receptive to reviews like this and forum feedback, it will do great after just a few months I'm sure."
76561198037752430,Recommended,271240,22745179,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SolutOdka,"Offworld Trading Company is a new genre of game, which is a blend of several styles into its own new style. A fine balance bringing to the table an awesome game.On some sides, it reminds me of the old RTS Monopoly Tycoon, with the multiplayer capitalism management on one hand and the real time business sim on the other hand. (The auction system is by the way fantastic !) While at the same time, the game is grand by its simplicity of the resources manegement and strategy planning, maybe similar to Settlers with the logistics supply chain of raw materials up to the final produces.This game can enter into the History of Gaming, that it is at the same time a smart game, with in depth game anaylyzis without having dozens of parameters, just a few interesting resources with different rules and needs which intricately are depending on each other in a beautiful supply and demand concept.And at the same time, it is a game fun to play, where you don't have to learn dozens of recipes, where you quickly have fun (a few tutorials teach you the basic ropes of the game, same as chess, the game can be learnt in a very short time, but it can require a long time to master :)!). Lots of events occur in game, which can change the whole course of a development, pirates intercepting your cargos, mutiny of your geothermal powerplant at the very wrong time... well you get the picture hehe !You might be thinking that this game sounds like a very long game to play, spending hours of planification, development and implementation ... such as a Heart of Iron, Total War or a Civ game for instance ... well not at all, the games lasts hardly more than 30 minutes ! And this is in the case you are not losing after a few minutes!All in all, this game, is, I believe, refreshing with its new genre, smart with its simple but challenging puzzles mechanics for the colonization of Mars, all this while having a good fun when utilizing the resources of the planet.The question is ... will you challenge yourself ... go play this legendary Offworld Trading company ?"
,Recommended,271240,29866193,Posted: 11 February,all,Dat Necron Boi!!!,"TL;DR - I like the game for attempting a different and solid approach to the stategy genre and I recommend it for the slower-paced buy highly chaotic nature of matches themselves, but it certainly isn't everybody's cup of tea so if you're not into those things, or expect the traditional RTS experience, give this game a pass.There's certainly a divide among the people who've tried this game, I think it stems from a clashing between a misunderstanding of the game's main concept, the expectations from watching a couple of gameplay videos and playing the game itself, which is understandable because this isn't a game that's easily put in a few words.It seems that people are now associating RTS with APM and fast reflexes exclusively, which is another reason why this game is such a departure for most of the users who try it. Out of the gate, this game is nothing like the traditional RTS: you aren't microing units, you aren't building an army, you aren't going for the high APM, you aren't scouting bases or out-blobbing the opponent's blob army. Instead you are making decisions for the most part, decisions that impact the course of the game over time instead of immediately, leading to a slower paced game based around matches of wits and constantly monitoring a wide variety of indicators that are further influenced by the chaos theory that stems from the many other choices that other players are making during a match.This is a game that demands close observation of numbers and the things that affect those numbers so that you make informed decisions that lead to you out-witting the competition over matches that are certainly longer when compared to other multiplayer games, especially those that belong to more recent launches. It's also a game that assumes that you can properly learn its rules, which is why the training wheels come off sooner and there's huge rifts in the handholding in between difficulty settings. The computer doesn't cheat the higher you go (at least, if you don't go higher than manager which is the standard difficulty), it just reacts sooner and expects you to keep up the pace through, again, decisions based on proper vigilance of information and indicators.I admit to having a bias for this kind of game, since I really like strategy games, especially those driven by economic aspects and this one is certainly all about the incredibly unpredictable nature of economics and a caricaturization of the cutthroat corporate environment which all serves to keep me engaged and entertained, making for a good game in my book considering both the beautiful audiovisual design and the solid mechanics. At the same time, I find it easy to empathize with the people who get put off by this game, its rules are certainly different, it demands different things from the player, and matches themselves never tend to play out the same way twice, even on the exact same conditions because there's always something else that you, and the remaining players, can choose to do.I thoroughly recommend the game but only if you like slower paced games with lots of stuff happening at the same time, along with learning new things and experiencing a different kind of strategy games. If you aren't one for patience, expecting the standard fast-paced, high APM, insane reflexes gameplay, I suggest you go for something else."
76561198034423970,Recommended,271240,25102693,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,UberPooky,"OTC is an excellent game that is a lot deeper than first appears. There are some surprisingly varied strategies available. Playing different scenarios is a good way to experince some of the variety this game has to offer. I like that it plays quickly and you can complete a whole game in a reasonable length of time. It is a pretty unique experience in that it is real time, but it is not about military conflict, but rather economic conflict. There is also an impressive level of polish to this game from the graphic design to the well thought through interface. I'd highly recommend this to someone who is interested in strategy games."
76561198040834058,Recommended,271240,22703561,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sabotage,"Economy based, fast paced, multiplayer race with a lot of ways to make your friends/family and others rage like only monopoly has done before. Quick to learn, hard to master. The games are quick and hectic and require focus and intelligence to understand the mechanics of the game and to think ahead of your opponents. This is a battle of wits and focus. Younger people that have neather wont like this game. If you are up for a challgenge, I recommend it. Personaly I think the price is too high for what you get and I hope they will add more to it (factions,planets,buildings). There is an option to hide everyones name in the game, so people cant gang up on one another (my god this is fun)."
76561198001194150,Recommended,271240,18270776,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Lephanour,"I work as an economist monitoring for energy market manipulation IRL - and although I might be biased, I think this games is awesome. The gameplay is solidly based in economic theory, at least at the thematic level, which definitely exceeded my expectations. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,271240,26065948,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:9/10Recommendation(s):Play Galactic Civilization or Civilizations IV/VMajor Theme:Dirty Violent Capitalism.Bought at Price:$25 - Game + Current DLCsNo shooting? No turns to take? No physical combat between players? A fine demonstration of how violent capitalism can get? YES.If you aren't biting your nails when stock prices between you and your rival get close...Something is wrong with you.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=781846185If you aren't excited when you finish research on a patent that helps you keep a monopoly...Something is wrong with you.If you aren't glad to buy your rival out when it's down from 4 companies to 2...Something is wrong with you.If you aren't mad at someone doing so well compared to you, and decide to buy a nuke to screw them over..Something is wrong with you.Or... you could be a filthy socialist and need to see a doctor. It's one of the two.It should not come as a surprise this game is the #1 top seller on Steam under ""economy"" right now. Granted it's 66% off, and probably not worth the normal $45, this game does however bring scarcity to boredom.It's interesting to see Stardock reach out to more than just Galactic Civilization, yet another economy game they made.One of the biggest issues for me coming from GalCiv was, ""how are players going to take turns"". I knew it wasn't 4X like GalCiv or Civilizations IV or V, but placement of your base or settlement is very important. How do you prevent players from going into a scramble to be the first one to put something down?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=781043311There's a very good solution put in place. A ticker for Debt, sock price, and Bond rating. The quicker you are to place, the more debt and thus lower stock price and higher bond rating you will have.What if I keep waiting and waiting? While I haven't seen starting debt go any higher than +$1,100, you can be paid for base placement (note the plus sign). That assumes there is more than 1 player waiting.You can also get additional claim points if you are the last player to place. The whole game is built around tile claims, so these additional claims can outweigh a better starting position.Tricky thing is, as you play the game, you will find that you will just have to play all of the 4 different corporations. Some have different building materials from others, some have certain bonuses, some don't need certain resources to survive.If you find yourself in a bad position, with a gloomy future, you can even the playing field with auctions and the black market.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=781043332While it can be silly to pay $56,000 for a land claim not even 5 minutes into the game, other things do come up such as underground nukes, computer viruses, or even diet pills that somehow make your workers faster. It's capitalism, self interest is the center focus of the game.While this game doesn't look graphically intensive, it does however require a graphics card and operating system that can run DirectX 11. Windows 7 with some recent GT/GTX 700 or higher series graphics card would make a good choice if you need to upgrade.One of the issues people seem to be running into is that they play games in english, but they set their operating system in some other language. They discover that the game uses their native language instead of english. This is fixed by simply going into the settings menu, and selecting your desired language. The game uses the OS language by default.I don't normally make a point of this – but I should probably make a note of it somewhere – there are several options for those colour blind. That's correct, the game has options built in to adjust colours to make them more ""readable"" for those who suffer from it. I can't really remember the last time I saw this in a game.While I've only played the daily challenges, learn to play series, and 4-player free for all, I haven't really seen the ""COOP"" aspect of the game yet.Another point I should bring up is that I don't think I will be getting 100's of hours out of this game. The content is lacking, even with DLC.The game UI/HUD might be large, I feel that way, but you do get used to it."
76561198057849140,Recommended,271240,32883067,Posted: 27 June,all,Aeon,"This is a good game. I have been following and lurking around this game for two years now and I'm glad I finally took the opportunity to try it.(NOTE: I have yet to play through the campaign and I have not yet startet multiplayer)Pro: (top 3)- It's very different then a standard RTS game (in a good way)- Each game has it's own life and no game feels the same- The AI is great and all factions seems ballancedCon: (bottom 3)- It has a steep learning and mastering curve.- Many functions are still confusing- Music is kinda bad. Some songs are ok, many are just annoying.You can't just barge in like this is a ordinary CIV or Starcraft game. This requires learning and knowlegde of strategies. (at least give the tutorial a serious chance) You can't just pick a favorite element/material and instant win the game. No my friend, you need to adapt with the game. This game changes through the game and it is your job to utilize it. Maxing profit by selling at high values, buy materials at low prices. Manipulate the marked to gain advantages or focusing ruining for your opponents.Adaptation is the key word having fun in this game. And if you think you would like that, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,271240,35119730,Posted: 21 September,all,Wang of Wall St,"I actually love the concept of this game and an economics simulator pressed against time in a highly capitalistic playing field, but like most reviews, if you actually have a basic concept of what is actually going on, you will just be annoyed and dissapointed.For those who are traders or investors in real life, imagine this game as a commodities simulator where you obtain the resources by being the producer and seller. In an actual business, corporate, and real-life capitalist sense, it gets really dumb. Many reviews will explain that.That said, if you are someone who messes around with Rotman Simulator or stares at Bloomberg Terminal and enjoys it, then give it a try. When I am actually in a serious campaign or game, I chew my nails off during the tension. If you can accept the game for how it is set up as, you actually may find this game fun and good practice. It's a trader simulator in gaming format, but not a business tycoon game."
76561198035633969,Not Recommended,271240,22758083,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,jazajay,"Okay; but, not worth the £22 (25% off) I spent on it. Played for 11 hours before I completed it. Of which I would say 4 - 5 hours where learning to play (and the tutorials are great); but, then the main story I lost once, and then completed it the second time within 3 hours - I am going to update the difficulty from the default one that it sets as it does have replay value; but, the story is so short I wish I had spent the money on another game that would have had a better long term campaign length - even just double of the current campaign would have been enough.Such as complete the current campaign with say 2 of the 4 races, then you go to another area of mars with the other 2 fraction in with a greater intensitiy and repeat with those 2 races.Would I have brought the game again knowing what I know now - if it was around £15 I would have.Will I try to retrun it - probably not as it does have some replay value, and I did enjoy it.Will I be cautious about spending £22 with this company again - yes.Overal very good concept, just really, really short for the price tag in my opinion."
,Recommended,271240,23450895,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Bretton,"I've always thought that one of the problems with modern games is that they are a bit too obvious in thier attempt to make you feel good by - in essence - letting you win which is why the demanding difficulty of Offworld Trading Company is so very enjoyable.As I pass the twenty five hour mark on Offworld I'm also playing The Witcher 3 which allows me to perform some very heroic slashes that seem far beyond the mashing of left mouse I am doing.  It is very pretty but it seems to remove me from the mix.  The Witcher 3 is great but sometimes I feel like I'm a distraction to it, rather than the other way around.Offworld Trading Company is the opposite.  Go disengaged in a minute of playing Offworld and you lose.  Make bad decision in Offworld and you lose.  Play well but not as well as someone else (including the impressive AI) and you lose.  Every defeat one can imagine a cause for an consider how to fix it.  The moment I realised that not mining a resource because it could be bought dirty cheap was a viable strategy was a revelation made better because it was not hinted at, or revealed in a tutorial, or given to me in any way other than through experience.The result is a game where one feels an authorship over victory (or defeat) that creates a more compelling narrative than many a game that sell themselves on their narratives.  An irony of sorts there."
,Recommended,271240,29071790,Posted: 6 January,all,†<ȻȻ><SᴋʏᴇRᴀɴɢᴇʀ,"AbstractOffworld Trading Company (OTC) is a very capitalist and economically oriented game. The game itself is not a one big giant campaign, but a competitive match between various companies vieing for the business of blossoming offworld colonies on Mars. Your goal, buy out your competitors.GameplayOTC has very interesting gameplay, not just in the respect that hey, you're makin' money, but that you are actively participating in the offworld markets. These offworld markets being Earth's satellites like asteroid colonies and Mars colonies. You must set down your company's HQ in a spot close to useful resources, and even those will change based on what company you are playing as. Robots don't require life support, but humans obviously do.In the world of competitive marketing, you must produce and maintain enough resources to play the economy. Various resources will become highly demanded for, you in turn must produce more of these in order to satisfy that market. But be careful. Don't produce resources that no one needs.On top of selling these resources, you must produce some for your own good. Upgrades and new buildings require resources as well. Expanding can't be done without it. Mine silicone, carbon, pump water, electrolize hydrogen and air, and the list goes on.Gameplay of OTC can change based on who you are playing as. Previously I noted life support, robotic companies don't require and humans do, well, if you're a robot, save operating costs and don't build electrolizers. Other companies can build things differently than others. New Meridians are very science based people and have developed technology that can manufacture resources directly on top of a resource deposit versus having a mine yank it out and send it to the HQ.Overall, the game whether on a public stage or offline with the AI can be very competitive.MechanicsThere are multiple systems in OTC. The most important one being the resource market. Selling resources like O2 and Food usually turn a large profit for manufacturing companies. But also, there is debt. Should you worry about it? In my experience, not exactly, as when you start makin' the offworld shipments you can make so much profit that the debt will literally eviscerate.The black market is also very important. Corporations may seem very up tight and concerned about making a profit and caring for their customers, but when it comes down to corporation versus corporation, dirty deeds will be done. EMPs and electrical storms can take out production rates, goon squads will protect your stuff from thieving corporations, and worker strikes can turn manufacturing plants to your favor. But be careful, you aren't the only one that can use the black market.Shares. The game winner. Without shares, you don't win...well, you don't lose either but more importantly you don't win. Shares in your own company will protect you, along with how much one of your shares is worth. invest in your company and increase production and your worth will rise. Buy competitor shares and keep them on their toes. Then, once you buy enough shares, buy out the company, buy out the company and you have one less competitor.ScoreGraphics:8/10 - Not the greatest in the world and some things will clip if you look at them real hard, but this is easily looked over.Gameplay:9/10 - Makes me want to play more all the time. It's the reason I played for 2 extra hours when I first bought it.Mechanics:9/10 - Makes this game what it is. Very well thought through and makes for very interesting gameplay at times.Online Play:7/10 - Takes a hot minute to find a match but when you do, all the more fun!Overall:8.9/10Very well designed game, and leave it to a previous Sid Meier's developer to do it! I do recommend this game, but make sure you have the time to finish a match if you go online."
76561197970479670,Not Recommended,271240,29996781,Posted: 17 February,all,Geldon,"If you were hoping for M.U.L.E. or any other game about forming a business in the crucible of the wonder that is offworld colonization, then this is not that game.  However, if you like to win at games about number accumulation in real time, then you are in luck.  Offworld Trading Company is the epitome of real time number accumulation games!The gameplay is basically day trading as a manic depressive.  Place buildings to make some commodity related numbers go up and others go down over time.  Some tiles are worth more numbers than others, but you have a very limited number of claim numbers to place.  Perform acts of sabotage to lower your opponents' numbers, but be careful: it costs cash numbers!  Whenever you buy something, the cost number of that commodity goes up.  Whenever you sell something, the cost number goes down.  Can you consistantly sell the most commodity numbers when they have the highest value numbers?  Usually you have no idea who is shifting what numbers.  When you play this game, this is your life now.To win the game, you need to earn the biggest amount of numbers to buy your opponents' stocks so your numbers eat them in a ""hostile takeover.""  Lets say both you and your opponent have enough money to buy the other out: first click wins, because numbers!Mercifully, games of Offworld Trading Company are usually over within a half-hour, but win or lose you will have literally nothing to show for it.  In a story-based game you may have heard a story.  In a building game, you might have built something cool.  In a 4X game, enough might have happened that you ended up building a story.  But there's nothing at all memorable about a match of Offworld Trading Company, just a sense of relief that the frantic shifting of numbers is over.I tried to salvage this by getting good at Offworld Trading Company, but now I don't think it's possible.  I tried playing Skirmish on ""manager"" difficulty (a level playing field) and the AI wins every time.  I tried prioritizing upgrading my base.   I tried prioritizing having the most of the highest value commodity.  I tried cornering the market via tackling a scarce resource.  None of this works, the AI first out-upgrades my base and then buys me out before I catch up.  Maybe the AI is programmed to know something about the game I don't, maybe a computer is just naturally better at shifting numbers than a human player, or maybe it just flat out cheats.  At this point, I honestly don't care anymore, I'm just sad.In summary, Offworld Trading Company is a saddening game that makes me hate numbers."
76561198022296391,Not Recommended,271240,23140433,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MacAttack,"This is an interesting economy tycoon game.  The first few games are tough but after a while you get the hang of it.   But, then after a while you see how basic the public stock ownership is, and the game starts to lose its sparkle.  Especially when you can lose the game so easily by it.  And, then you realize how unrealistic it is.  So, then you try to focus on building, and you start to realize the game is really kind of confining,  The maps are small even when you pick huge.  Then you find yourself competing for the same area with 4 or more competitors that in a very short time build up to the limits and try to take over you and each other.  That gets old quick because you want to build and develop Mars, not just fight in a little plot of land on it.  Finally, you say to yourself, well how is multiplayer.  If your lucky enough to find someone in the lobby and play, i imaging it could be fun.  I've been there 3 times and its been empty.  So, up front it looks fun and interesting, and it is for a while, but the replyabillity is limited.  I think it's overpriced for what you get.  Wait until it drops under $15.  Just my opinion."
,Recommended,271240,20582035,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Donnie Totoro,"Offworld Trading Company , although still in early access, does a great job of defining stages to the flow of a match. Why do I mention this first? Because the best RTSs I've played have loosely defined stages that allow for depth of strategy at each step. Available funds  are precious early in a match and there are several outlets to utilize these funds. You can upgrade early to try and get a lead in resource gathering, you can use the black market to shut down your opponent's income, or you can manipulate the market to make it more costly for other players to catch up to you. As the game progresses, the options available to you also expand, and strategies abound.The mid-game in Offworld Trading Company is where the most important blows start being traded. In order to ensure your company is not bought, you must purchase and hold onto at least 5 of your own stock (which then have to be bought out all at the same time in order for another player to remove you from the game); however, the money available to you to buy your own stock could also be used to take out another player by beating them to 6 of their stock. This makes decisions on who to buy stock in, whether to purchase your own stock, or whether to continue to upgrade to get a lead in the late game potentially deadly. If the wrong choice is made, other players will take advantage of your mistakes.Late game, if the game hasn't already been decided by the mid-game brawl, comes down to endurance. Each remaining player's goal is to get enough money to buy out the others before being bought themselves. There are several advanced buildings in Offworld Trading Company that allow for varying strategies to accomplish this task and, depending on the state of the market, each strategy has a place and can allow for you to outspend your opponents.An economic RTS is a fairly unexplored idea, so be prepared to endure a fairly high learning curve before becoming competent in the gameplay. I'm sure most of what I've mentioned in the paragraphs above means very little to someone who hasn't played Offworld Trading Company , but the point is to show the depth of gameplay Offworld Trading Company allows for.So, let's break this game into its parts:Content: 5/10Multiplayer is where this game shines. There is a campaign mode, but it is currently very limited.Animations: 9/10There is little animation in the game, but what has been done is done well.Graphics/Artwork/Illustrations: 9/10Once again, there are few graphical elements required for this style of game, but the graphics are this gen. and well done.Gameplay: 10/10Loads of depth to multiplayer games, and a good pacing built in to the gameplay.Controls:10/10I would only give less than a 10 in this category if there was no ability to change hotkeys or the controls were unresponsive/glitchy. Although I do not like the layout of the default hotkeys, I don't consider that a reason to downgrade this category.Reliability: 8/10The game is still early access and some bugs are being worked out. There are some issues with making lobbies and changing hosts mid-game that are being worked out, as well as a few smaller glitches.User Interface (UI): 9/10Very well put together to give an overview of how the game is progressing as well as easy access to your options. I took away a point because I think that the notification system could use some work when you are targeted by the black market or a shortage/surplus occurs.Music and Sounds: 10/10Some sounds are still being created, but the recently added new music and the completed sounds are very well done.Originality: 10/10I can only imagine how difficult it must be to enter a new sub-genre into the books. Soren Johnson and his team have done a great job in developing this original idea.Community Vibe: 10/10The developers listen closely to player feedback and are very active on the forums. The game is updated on a regular basis and has improved with each iteration.Total Score: 90/100If you're a fan of RTSs or enjoy market manipulation, I can highly recommend this game to you. If you enjoy a challenge, Offworld Trading Company will provide it to you. This is aGame You Absolutely Must Have:) .Although there is plenty of room for casual players in this game, with its current player base of dedicated fans, I'd recommend people who put themselves in this category to watch some videos of the game before deciding to purchase.Here is a video of some higher level gameplay with good commentary:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0GaPMCA86o"
76561198012030940,Recommended,271240,23570752,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Madman,"Great game. I use it with my students, and it really lends itself to an educational environment. After kicking student butt, as they deserve, we love looking at the statistics of each match."
,Recommended,271240,22857296,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,AgentCoyle,"Without doubt the most: polished, elegant, dynamic and challenging strategy game I've played in a very long time. If you want a game that won't take forever but will demand everything your real time strategic brain can handle, get this game."
76561198132476688,Recommended,271240,21917392,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Alf,"Offworld trading company is a real time strategy game focussing on simulating economy and free market trade. This is not really a tycoon game because it's not about gradually building your business over time. Instead each game is a short (30 to 60 minute) race against your competitors to see who can buy out each other's companies first, by setting up an effective and efficient organisation.You do this by producing, buying and selling resources in such a way that ensures profits in the short and long term. Everything you do has a benefit and a cost, using resources but producing them at the same time. You need to ensure that you read and predict market trends so that you are producing the right goods at the right time. It's all about supply and demand. If electricity is scarce and you're not producing your own, you'll end up spending a fortune buying it. If the market is flooded with food you might as well buy it rather than waste land and resources to make it yourself. Likewise, if there is a fuel shortage and you are producing a lot of fuel, you can make a lot of money selling it at high prices.Don't let the simple (thought nice) graphics and animations fool you, there is a lot to this game. The depth and complexity makes it both fun and intelectually stimulating. The best part is that no two games are the same, and there are several strategies that you can successfully use to win. Also, what worked for you last time might not work for you in the next game. This is emergent gameplay at it's best.There isn't much to dislike about this game, as an economic simulation it is unique and well balanced. It will take you about an hour or two to really get into the game and to appreciate why it is so good. That said, for the average player the full price (40 USD) is definitely a bit steep. It is still early access though so it might be a different story once the full release is out."
,Recommended,271240,15553698,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SaltByDefault,"- PROS -Elements of Stock MarketingElements of Production Mechanics (Supply/Demand)A realistic approach towards coperate financing.Interesting methods of victory.Basic elements of auctioning.Basic elements of share holding.- CONS -Lacking in content. These basic elements should be expanded upon.In game UI could use a rework. Or simply made easier to access certain things. (Buttons to be moved around, to avoid slow computers conflicting with other background interfaces.)Too Pricey for its lack of content.Lacking in a diplomancy system. (Coperates talk to each other/deal with each other.)Lack of freedom in terms of buying from other Companies.- Overall -Very simple, effective and efficient. The developers here have really impressed and hit the mark on this game. However for its Price I just have to disagree with it. Its too expensive for the amount of in game content thats offered. I played this game for about, 30 minutes and I achieved victory far too easily. Not because the game itself is easy, but because it really is just lacking in content.To spice things up and really make the game unique and different. Consider adding more events.Example:Earthquakes.Coperate diplomacy. ( The ability to deal and exchange with selective companies )Add to the Debt system. Allow for Company to company investment (with return), or unknown shady investment with 5% - 10% or even 30% interest.Those are just some general, throw around ideas. Hope this helps."
76561197983754193,Recommended,271240,22752916,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ak,"This title hits a lot of my buttons... It's super polished, has a great soundtrack, and does a great job of developing complex gameplay from simple precepts. I like the different faction perks.I want to comment again on the level of polish. Everything happens instantly when you click buttons. The controls are intuitive and simple. Good balance between keyboard and mouse. Nice graphics, fun animations without looking gimmicky. It feels like someone with severe crippling OCD spent 2000 hours fine-tuning the UI. I appreciate that."
76561197974085922,Recommended,271240,28462557,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Khorne,"This game includes the following --Real Time Strategy by Soren Johnson, the lead designer of Civilization IV-A score by Christopher Tin, Grammy award winning composer of Baba Yetu, the theme to CIv IV-No armies or direct combat-Stock marketsIf that sounds like something you're interested in, buy it immediately.  It is excellent."
76561198026196457,Recommended,271240,23760431,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mrrshan68,Nice Capitalism simulator.Nicely scratches the building itch in fun small chunks of time. Games go for around 30min and you can play quite fast and keep yourself busy. Great if you like building/economy management but dont like to slog through 10+ hours of a full campaign of civilization or whatever.The online multiplayer also gives it much more replayability than city building games too.The presentation is also very well done and its quite satisfying watching your base turn into something akin to a beehive while you watch your money meter keep ticking ever higher.Only downside is the price point. 40USD is a steep asking price for whats on offer.Grab it on sale though and its an innovative and addictive little game.
,Recommended,271240,14975868,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,BlueTriangle,"In Short (from my curator review): ""Excellent game whose novel Economic-Strategy ideas will hopefully spawn a long lasting genre of this quality. Dispels the notion that strategy=violence.""Longer Form: I am an economics student in graduate school and a sci-fi fan, so as far as I'm concerned OTC was designed specifically for me. The economics & finance in the game is not only fun, but educational and facsinating if you have an interest in those subjects.I love the strategy genre, and have for years, but having a genre so closely tied to violence: Total War, Company of Heroes, Starcraft, Age of Empires, etc. has always bugged me a little bit. Not because I'm a pacifist, but because it takes away from strategic depth to have such a simple zero-sum mechanic at the core of gameplay. With OTC there are not such clear and basic decisions. In a war game: produce units, more is almost always better. In contrast, OTC can't be won, even on the easiest difficulties, by spamming one type of production. You'll inevitably over-supply that commodity and shrink your profits on each sale down to next to nothing while paying through the nose on whatever inputs are associated with that commodity. Simply put, there's more strategic depth.The art style is nice, it is simple as of right now and realistically rendered, I wonder whether there is room to convey information more through the art than is currently done. For instance if the ships transporting resources could convey more about their cargo to lessen the emphasis on the ever-present charts.Note on Early Access: As always, monitor reviews and update logs to note that devs are making progress, but as of the time of writing this review, they are very active and seem to be constantly tweaking and making improvements.A few minor gripes: 1.) My computer is not a world-beater, but can handle most any games on medium or high, however OTC gives me a little trouble with frame-rate so I've had to go down to low settings, which is a shame for such a pretty game.2.) In-game UI could use some poish, main menus and what not are gorgeous so I have faith that these will get better.Recommendation: If you like strategy games you should do one of two things: 1.) Buy it 2.) Wait until it comes out of Early Access, then buy it."
,Recommended,271240,32681633,Posted: 23 June,all,Hickeyman?,"I've played about 60 hours (as of writing this review) of OTC. This game is hard and it WILL take you a long time to figure out how to win. I can still hardly win on manager difficulty. Very fun game, not for people who want to spend tens of hours learning how to play the game."
76561198028618155,Recommended,271240,22888757,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,scrapper117,"As a long time RTS and stragegy fan, as well as an extreme Civilazation fan, I have to say I was a bit disappointed with Offworld TC.  As a whole, this game feels more like a fantastic foundatation for a spectacularly complex trading sim versus what it actually offers.  Do not be fooled, you will devour this game in its entirety in a matter of hours.  It does not hold a candle to the complexity and depth that the Civ titles (and other leading titles) have to offer.I purchased the deluxe edition of this game (on sale) for 39.59.  Within a matter of 2 days had not only beaten the campaign, but had exhausted (unless I missed something) every aspect of playability and replay value that the game has to offer.  A more reasonable price for what this game actually has to offer, at least in single player mode, is more like $10-15.I found that I had lost the desire to keep playing after a very small amount of time.  I even stuck with it for a bit longer just to see if there was more that I perhaps had missed...turns out I found no reason to keep playing beyond the couple days I devoted to mastering it.  As a fan of the genre, I had high hopes of progress, strategy, and replay value that the best RTS/stragegy/sim/farming/economic games have to offer.This review is not meant to ONLY bash the game.  With more content, resources, campaign options, and other things of this nature, this game could be epic.  In reality it's nothing more than a foundation for what could be an absolutely fantastic game of depth and strategy.  I would recommend this game only when the price is reduced to something more befitting of a game that lacks everything that was mentioned above.In summary, this game is great and certainly worth playing, but only if the price is right for what the consumer can get out of it.  As of right now however, it feels incomplete and very limited as far as play choices, resources, strategy, economy, variability, and overall complexity,  Kind of sad that its almost over before it begins...I am recommending this game because of its uniqueness and potential but on a scale of 1-10 this game is a 4, at least for the price."
76561197974422069,Not Recommended,271240,22883989,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jungle George,"I put this game on my wishlist based on the Pedigree of the developers. It seemed an interesting and different take on an RTS and it looked like a harsh business trading simulator. I bought it on sale at 35% off and that came with a free key for a buddy. Called my go to buddy to give it to him and he said ""Oh man, I already have it and you are not going to like it. It's fun for a couple of hours but that's it. It's too simplistic to enjoy much longer"".Sadly, he was dead on. The game is extremely simplistic. So if you are looking for the varied and intersting types of games you could get from Civ, you won't find it here.I literally enjoyed it for about 4 hours and that was pretty much it. You have four factions who are largely identical. They all make a variation of mines and factories which make exactly the same core components. You take those core components and build one or more of 5 different buildings that can give you an edge like help you produce resource X a bit faster, or get a monopoly on a tech like teleportation, which eleminates the need to transport your goods to your home base.You can then begin to sell your goods to try and make money to buy out your competitor faster than they can buy you out.In the meantime there are a handful of repetitive, boring, dirty tricks you can use to slow them down or speed you up in your pursuit of the one goal, which is buy your competitors out.That's it. That's the whole game. Their variety pitch is that there is an infinite number of ways to play each match because you won't always use the same dirty tricks, but there are only a handful of dirty tricks.If you are interested in a repetitive experience of skirmish matches which last 15 - 60 minutes, and you like fine tuning your ability to deliver the same strategy over and over, then this game is for you.If you are looking for a deep, strategic, intereting RTS with a variety of playstyle and paths to victory, then absolutely not.As polished as the game is, one can see that there is very little depth or substance. My go to gaming friend nailed it when he called it ""simplistic"". Wish I had called him before I bought the game. I'm going to have to bust it out once a month or so to get in some skirmishes and still have it feel fresh and get my money's worth out of it."
76561198011574812,Not Recommended,271240,32169436,Posted: 3 June,all,Kaizn,"I am really baffled about all the positive reviews.  I have really given this game a shot, thinking that if I got a few more games under my belt I would come to understand the strategy but that was definitely not the case.  Prices  will change rapidly and often without any real understanding of why and it is not designed to let your decisions be changed.  Invest in a water pump only to find that the price of water drops, well you can't get rid of the land clam so you are stuck with useless water.  Almost every game I have played felt like vicory was outside of my grasp from purely random elements.  A very frustrating experience.  I can see how some people might like this game but I would not personally recommend it to anyone that I know."
,Recommended,271240,29913755,Posted: 13 February,all,NiteFever,"Im going to be very honest here, i dont buy a lot of games because i dont have a lot of money, hence i download and play a lot of games illegally. Offworld Trading company was one of those games. However after spending about 25 hours with the game i thought to myself ""this game is amazing, i must buy it!"" mostly so i could experiance the multiplayer portion but to also support a developer willing to try something different. Of course me being on a budget i waited for the sale and im picking it up for $15 (down from 43). But if i did have more expendable cash i would have jumped in at 43.Anyways, If you are a Civ Fan, or a tycoon fan (transport tycoon comes to mind as being very similar to this) its a great mash up of those. if your looking for battles with units and fighting, look elsewhere. its about resources and money. Buy it now!"
,Recommended,271240,28397844,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HalfBurntToast,"I should mention first that RTS games are the games I dislike the most. I really don't like the whole idea behind going down a memorized checklist for the best builds as quickly as possible. I just don't have the time or patience for that. That said, this game isn't bad so far. I've only played offline because of the above reasons and I don't think this game will change my mind on RTS as a genre. But, there is something about this game that is keeping me hooked where other major titles haven't (Starcraft, Warcraft, CoH, etc). Maybe it's the complete lack of combat or the unique focus on economics. Or that the skirmishes themselves are very short.It probably helps to have some background knowledge of economics going in, but it's not required. The tutorials do a good job of explaining the basics. And, while I do find myself pausing a lot (and kinda wish there was a turn-based mode as a result), I haven't felt overwhelmed yet. And I appreciate the developers giving options for turning off the black market. If it does end up turning into the typical RTS “build order checklist”, that will be disappointing and I'll update my review accordingly. But, for now, I'd say it's worth the $13.59 price tag. The AI has been competent and the individual games, and approaches as a player, have been fairly unique."
,Recommended,271240,35188940,Posted: 24 September,all,applebaps,"I picked this game up on a sale, based solely on the fact that I like space and thought the concept of a non-military RTS sounded intriguing.  I was not disappointed!In Offworld Trading Company, your ultimate goal is to establish a monopoly over the business of a Mars colony.  In brief, you establish your base, stake land claims on which you build resource generating facilities, and then buy and sell commodities until you can buy out your competition.There are many different resources, though not too many to keep track of, and they all have a specific purpose.  Chemicals are used in researching patents, for instance.  Water, food, oxygen, and fuel provide the basic infrastructure for your HQ and ships (except for the Robotics HQ, which I'll get to in a second).  Materials like Aluminium, Steel, Carbon, Glass, and Silicon are used for building and refining.  If you don't have what you need to build something, you can pay out of pocket automatically to buy up what you need.  But if you have all the resources, building is free.  The primary limiting factor here is your land claims, which are very limited, requiring you to make careful decisions about the direction your business will go.Players cannot control the way the colony grows; it runs itself.  But its needs help shape the market's prices.  The more habitats the colony has, the higher the price of food, for instance.  The really neat thing is that the other players' needs also influence these prices!  If there's a lot of people buying up Aluminium, the price will go up, and a shrewd businessperson can take advantage of the fact that everyone needs this by harvesting lots of it and sitting on a stockpile until the need peaks.If straight up trading on the market isn't enough for you, all players have access to the Black Market, a set of shady actions you can take to give yourself an edge for a price.  It only becomes available every minute or so.  You can disguise your special buildings with holograms, take over competitors' buildings with a mutiny, disable them temporarily with an EMP, destroy resources with an underground nuke, straight up steal from your competitors' resource ships using pirates, shield yourself from enemy black market attacks with a goon squad, and many other actions depending on which are selected for the match.  There are also several special buildings that let you influence the course of the game in generally less hostile ways, but I don't have the room to describe them in detail.The game has an ingenious risk/reward system in place that allows you to accrue debt in order to accomplish your objectives, whether it's buying powerful rewards from auctions against other players, or paying for resources you don't have but need to manufacture things, etc.  However, as your debt increases, you not only lose some access to the black market, but your stock price will dip.  The price of your stock is your lifeblood, as it determines how expensive it will be for your competitors to buy you out.At the start of a match, players scan the map looking for resources, and trying to decide when and where to place their HQ, while a timer ticks away.  Somewhat disappointingly, against computers the game will auto-pause while you make decisions, which includes pausing between scans at the start.  But it does make it easier to learn what you're doing, as the game can be really complicated at first.  In any case, scanning reveals the map a little at a time, and at any point, a player can decide where to place their HQ and what type to place.  The timer is tied to a few different things.  Those who place sooner will acquire a nice chunk of debt to start them off, meaning their stock price will be lower at first, making them vulnerable to a buyout rush.  They'll also have slower initial access to the black market.  However, placing sooner means you have a better choice of locations, which is critical because proximity to resources means you'll consume less Fuel (or Power) shipping the stuff back to base.  If you wait long enough, the debt timer counts down to zero and you get a monetary bonus for placing very late.  Will it be enough to make up for everyone else having a head start?  Only you can decide that.There's 4 different kinds of HQs you can establish, and each has a distinct playstyle associated with it.  The Expansive HQ gives extra land claims when you upgrade it, makes your buildings cost less Steel, and makes your resource and building ships move faster.  The Scavenger HQ substitutes Carbon for Steel in your buildings, and gives you more frequent access to the black market.  The Robotics HQ doesn't require life support, its ships run on Power instead of Fuel, and you use Electronics in place of Glass when building.  And the Scientific HQ gives you the capability to build on top of resource nodes, and the building will use that resource as intake without needing to build specific harvesting buildings, thus saving you land claims.  Scientific HQs also research patents twice as fast.In Skirmish mode, you're not tied down to a particular faction.  You're free to scan and determine which type of HQ will be best on the fly.  In the Campaign, however, you choose a CEO that's tied to a particular faction, and can generally (though there are unlockable exceptions) build only one type of HQ for the duration of the campaign.  Where you place your HQ is based on what kind of resources your faction needs to get off the ground, and whether you can find a nice spot that fits your ideals (and whether you act fast enough to place there before a competitor does).Winning is accomplished by buying out your competitors, turning them into your subsidiaries.  Everyone has 10 bars by their name, representing 10,000 shares of total stock in their company, bought up 1,000 at a time.  At the start of the match, how much of your company is personally owned by you varies with the match settings and difficulty (if playing against the AI).  At any point, anyone can buy shares in a competitor by paying out enough money to do so.  Unbought shares are presumably owned by the company itself, and are gray.  If at any point, other players buy out more than 50% of your company's shares, they now collectively or individually have a controlling interest in your company, and you are removed from the game.  There are only 2 things you can do to protect yourself from this.  You can buy up at least 50% of the shares yourself, forcing them to buy them all at once and thus buying you time by making a hostile takeover much more expensive.  You can also play well, and keep your debt low, raising the cost of your shares.The rules of Campaign mode are pretty different, adding in a mechanic where you have to hire specialists in order to build buildings, and hiring more of them makes those buildings more effective.  You also have to focus on buying modules for the colony before your competitors do, rather than buying out your competitors, playing several matches in a row, accruing benefits along the way from which missions you decide to do.  Unlike many RTSes, though, the campaign is not designed to teach you the game as you go.  I strongly recommend playing the tutorials first, which are excellent, and then trying a few skirmishes against the AI to get the hang of things when you have more freedom.All in all, I really can't recommend Offworld Trading Company strongly enough.  It's a fantastic game full of nuanced complexity, and it's also one of the few games on the market with a primarily non-violent approach to victory in a competitive environment.  It's an RTS without military units, it's an economic victory in a Civilization game but on fast forward.  It's immensely engrossing, and provides lots of opportunities to express yourself and your business strategies against others trying to do the same."
,Recommended,271240,22695498,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bijou,"Great game, now out of Early Access, i love it, but price tag should go down a little, but i don't think it will, so everyone should buy this game right now!Only problem is, you should get used to playing with bots, almost nobody was in multiplayer for Early access, but maybe these times have changed. Buy the game."
,Recommended,271240,31673458,Posted: 10 May,all,InterAl,"A very deep and unique strategy game about resource allocation, market prediction and hindering your opponents' play. The game is much smarter and much more intricate than you might think within your first few hours with it. It's really one of a kind and highly recommended."
76561198018528489,Recommended,271240,22714597,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bunt,"Great game, hours of fun. Any gamer who likes ecconomy based strategy games this is a must buy!Pros-Indepth strategy-Exciting multiplayer-Well Balancedcons-Small player base, long multiplayer ques/lobby wait-Snowballing in multiplayer"
76561198271581467,Recommended,271240,32957878,Posted: 28 June,all,ichbineinkonto,"A real good strategy game, where you need wise discissions and alot of macro.Although the start is not easy it has a straight learning curve.A real pleasure is the AI, which is made perfectly in any level and can be a real contester (rare in strategy games).Also i like the music and atmosphere so much, that the chilling lobby theme got me relaxed into sleep :)Before you decide to buy, check whether your gfx card is slightly above an intel onboard 520."
76561198052518259,Recommended,271240,14599160,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,andrewcul,"Is the game is fun? yes. Is it in early development? Yes. However don't feel it was worth £29.99, More like half that. Still would recommend it though as it is still fun if you have the cash spare."
,Recommended,271240,14504428,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,LugdunonTG,"Gameplay video & thought below based on build of the game on the 15th Feb:http://youtu.be/O3PbotegVNc?aWhile in it's current early state I've had a great time playing OTC. It's a game that appears simple but there's a lot to learn from what I can tell. Scanning at the start of the game you begin to see what resources are available so it's this instant choice on do you find a few good tiles then set down fast and grab whatever you can or do you hold an extra few seconds incase there's a better spot for your HQ. You then need to pick which type of business you want to set up with based on what resources you can see and the way you prefer to play. Begin managing your claims and where you position your production tiles etc for maximum efficency. Controlling debt, being mindful of the market, expanding competitively against your opponents. I've had a great time and I greatly look forward to the future of this game!"
76561198045271487,Recommended,271240,23163270,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Gygas,"After playing for 70+ hours, I still don't understand why anyone is making a negative review on this game, unless it was not what they expected. It's Starcraft meets Civilization with a stock market. Except, that it is neither Starcraft nor Civilization. It's something totally unique. If you don't like how short the skirmishes are, then play some campaigns (personally, I wish the campaigns were longer than 7 matches. Marathon, anyone?). If the AI is predictable and unchallenging, then turn up the difficulty and watch them pound you in the ground - it will improve your strategic capability, if nothing else. If you don't like keeping tabs on your competitors while you're busy advancing your own goals, then you're in the wrong genre entirely.The beauty of this game is there isn't just ONE strategy to win, but dozens or perhaps hundreds. There are many choices that can be made (by you and your competition) that can affect the later part of the match. And then you throw in the variability of the game's stock market based resource pricing. Sure, if everyone is producing and selling iron, then the price of iron will tank, but unforeseen and ultimately random events can change anything. You may need to adapt: if you decide to make your fortune on glass and then the price of glass plummits because of market saturation, you have the option to scrap your facilities and focus on something new.It's not a set-it-and-forget-it type of RTS. You have to adjust and adapt to each unique scenario and you may have to do so several times to achieve victory. It's the kind of strategy game that leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,271240,16479456,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rickykuma,"Such a great game with a lot to offer and it will defenetly make you want to play it more and more and try to get better and better over try. If you like strategy games this is one of the best ones out there, and the best thing about it is that its not all about war and it also includes economics and alot of managements.Hope this was helpful :)"
,Recommended,271240,14442018,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Jeff Sproul,"I don't care what negative reviews you read about this game. (Multiplayer population will increase as people see the game.) Now I know the price point might be off-putting. But I'd rather pay $39.99 for OFFWORLD TRADING COMPANY, than the $49.99 I payed for GREY GOO.I've played some games in my time. And this one is remarkable. I wish we had more games like it. It's what I wish the newest Sim City had aspired to.Offworld Trading Company is pure genius.If you're into economy games, you'll love it.The goal is to buyout your opponents by amassing resources as one of several differnet types of colonies. Each has there strong and weak points. This premise alone seems pretty minimal, right?Wrong.You're gathering your metals, making steel, etc. You start gathering water, or food. You feel safe. You're doing alright, and your money is going up.Suddenly one of your opponents EMPs your grouping of three water generating facilities.Now you're going into debt.Water is $212 a unit. And you need three units a tick. That's $636 you're going into debt, each tick.Your debt risses, you have no spare cash. The ""duration"" of the EMP is another THIRTY seconds.You sell your stockpile of resources to lower your debt. It seems to be working.But then, a competitor starts buying stock in your company. He already owned 50% and now he's at 80%$22,000 is what it will cost for you to lose the game. Does your competitor have that much?You're still hemoraging money from buying water, like a total noob.The EMP wears off. You pay off your debt. You're back in the black.You buy the last 20% of your own company with all your cash.Then he throws pirates at you, crippling both your food and water shipments.Your water was already low, and you start losing money.But you have food! You'll be fine!And then the last 20% of your stock is bought for the X2 price of $44,000 and your competitor owns you.10/10 Would get bought out again."
76561198006899168,Recommended,271240,31877738,Posted: 21 May,all,Mr.Gray,"I've noticed that this game got a MIXED reputaion lately and decided to write a review. I believe most of negative reviews are here because of wrong expectations.IMHO Offworld Trading Company is not a single player game.It is oriented heavilly on competetive multiplayer abd if you have no plans to play vs human opponents you will miss like 70% of fun. That's why there are alot of reviews with ""this game is half made"" statements i think."
76561198123193216,Not Recommended,271240,22163363,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,viperae,"It makes me sad but i cannot give this a thumbs up...yet. The game is fun and a fantastic idea. I love tycoon and money makinga games so i was really excited when I saw this, but $40 looked a little steep so i waited till it was half off. Wow was I glad. The game is a good challenge but very similar every time. The campaign is just...well...for lack of a better word, lame. And when you win in a regular its a strange feeling of emptiness as the little fireworks start popping and a giant YOU WON floats across the sky, This is because you fighting and fighting and selling and launching rockets n then you realize you can just sell all the products in you inventory, buy all of every competitors stock and then in two seconds the game is over. No continuation no new threats to ever sprout. For lovers of classics like AOE like myself where you have to beat your opponent to a pulp and search for and destroy every last unit and building until you see your foes at their knees making some lame exuse why they lost and you get that triumphant message of victory, you feel like youre fighting tooth and nail and then it kind of landslides n youre like oh look i won. ok i should go get a life now. It is also somewhat lacking in variety and substance. That said it is a good game and is still being worked on. But at the moment the most I would want to pay for this game is $15. 40 is faaar too expensive for what the game currently offers. I will keep playing it though and hope for it to improve. If you're thinking about buying it, wait for a good sale. 20 is ok for this game. I simply can't recommend this game at its full price and current state. If either of those changes for the better i'll be prompt to alter this."
76561198004535671,Recommended,271240,26021209,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Glothrenite,"Its simply not worth 40 bucks.. thats not to say its not actually a really good game.. it totally is.  As i write this its 66% off so $13.59, worth it."
76561197996299148,Not Recommended,271240,26765371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scanner,"Not a terrible game, but one that gets old fast. Seems like there is a lot to it at first, then you realize the games are short and you will never get a continuing game no matter how good you get."
,Recommended,271240,18063267,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:One of instrested & best strategy a game on Steam! The game was made some a developer team from 2K -company in Civilization series & this a game was much, much a better that Civilization series self. I really much like this a game interface & easy gameplay system. Anyone can play now high a standard of startegy a game for easy.High recoment this a game! :3FIN:Yksi mielenkiintoisemmista ja parhaista strategia peleistä steamissa tällä hetkellä! Peliä on ollut suunnittelemassa osa 2K -yrityksen Civilization peli sarjan tekijöitä, jotka ovat tehneet tästä pelistä paljon paljon paremman kuin Civilization sarja itse. Pidän erittäin paljon pelin helposta käyttöliittymästä ja pelattavuudesta. Tässä on kaikille korkea tason strategia peli,  jota on helppo pelata.Korkeat suositteluni tästä pelistä! :3"
,Recommended,271240,16623514,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Viishnahn,"Offworld Trading Company™–Competitive Market StrategyRating:RecommendedFor young aspiring entrepreneurs, Earth has grown much too crowded to do business. The vast openness of the barren planet Mars calls to explorers and investors alike. Once the colonies have been established, the entrepreneurs see the potential for profit. Businesses start popping up on the Red Planet – this is where you come in.Offworld Trading Company is a fast-paced strategy game all about manipulating the Martian market, producing goods and buying out other businesses. Natural resources are limited and competition is brutal for control of the richest veins. Placement of mines, extractors, and other resource-producing buildings is critical to amassing enough materials to purchase new structures, upgrade your headquarters and get more claims. Each claim allows you to place one structure – use them wisely.Price values of the thirteen types of resources fluctuates with market activity. Is someone selling off their entire aluminum stash? Expect to see prices nosedive. You can also buy stock in your opponents’ companies. If all stock gets purchased and you have enough money, you can buy them out, causing all their buildings to come under your control. The goal of the game is to be the last man standing by buying out all your opponents.The only bad points this game has so far are its high retail price ($40) and the black market feature. The black market in this game makes investing in buildings risky. Found a high (level 3) water deposit? Someone can purchase an Underground Nuke for a paltry $1000 - $3000 to knock that deposit down to low (level 1)permanently. It seems an unnecessary element in an already risky business environment.I haven’t explored deep into this game, still in Early Access at this point, but it’s been both challenging and rewarding. You may ask “Is it really worth $40 in Early Access?” No. Wait forat least25% off, preferably 50% or more. If you’re a dedicated economy gamer (Railroad Tycoon, Capitalism series), this might trip your trigger. Pick it up if it goes on sale.Not RecommendedRecommended with Caution- RecommendedHighly RecommendedRecommended as Essential"
,Recommended,271240,22872700,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,nacon,"Offworld is a unique RTS game that captures the best and worst parts of capitalism, in space! I've been following this game for some time, and I am not disappointed by the results of the hard work of the development team.The overall objective of the game is to become the most profitable off-world trading company by becoming the most profitable and efficient corporation around. You'll achieve this by building supply chains of goods, selling them to a local colony, shipping them off the planet, and using your gains to buyout your competitors while avoiding being bought out yourself.Positives:+Amazing soundtrack by Christopher Tin (composer of Baba Yetu, of Civ 4 fame)+Quick cutthroat gameplay; the decisions on where to land, and what to start producing are the beginnign of a race to quickly provide goods that meet the demands of a local colony.+The gameplay is unique: there isn't any 'militay' component to this game; instead you will be competing with other corporations in the marketplace to become the most efficient and profitable offworld-trading company.+Interesting hostile actions - while you can play it straight and just compete on the 'free market', there are a variety of options to sabatoge your competitors through illicit means.+Unique factions  - each faction has their own set of strengths, and weaknesses; playing one versus another feels very interesting and different.+Great writing (in the tutorial and opening missions, at any rate).Negatives:-It seems like there's not really a comeback mechanic once you start to fall behind; if you make a few mistakes early, you're probably going to have a bad time. I could be wrong, but once I start to lose, I continue to lose.-The factions aren't visually all that different.-This game is probably overpriced for the content that you're getting; I recommend purchasing this game on at least a 25% sale, probably closer to 50%.-I'm unsure about the replayability of the game; so far, the experience has been novel; outside of multiplayer, I don't think the game will provide more than 20 horus of gameplay.Overall, I highly recommend this game for RTS players who want a different experience - namely one that focuses on competitive supply chains and economic efficiency. The game has a lot of character, and has been very enjoyable to explore."
,Recommended,271240,18022603,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Eneregor,"I was interested in this game since it was announced and I can safely say it is everything I wanted it to be. The AI is incredible, constantly buying and destroying buildings to account for changes in the market. I can only imagine what complex algorithms are driving these decisions. If the AI isn't cheating, then the developers must be geniuses. Thanks for this awesome game, I can't wait to see it finished. Too bad it is a bit under-the-radar.The only changes I wish to see made are to the stock market. Currently it is not worth it to sell stocks because the stock is worth more than the sell price. Stock market trading needs to be more strategic rather than just a button you click when you want to beat another player. Players should be encouraged to invest in other players, possibly by removing the penalty for selling a stock and by removing the stock boost when you buy a stock. This way I can invest in a player early on, then sell the stocks and turn a fair profit later."
76561198094225506,Not Recommended,271240,14475531,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Annonymous,"High price for an 'early access' game.I enjoy challenges, but mostly play games for their 'enjoyment factor'.The idea is nice, much of how the game is set up is great.  However, the approach seems to be from the extreme side of 'play the market', and not from the standard view of 'invest in your resources to build your empire'Each 'faction' has certain needs that are emphasized, but you can't invest your extremely limited resource placements based upon those needs. It seems impossible to win on first run, forcing you to play through to see which commodoties pay the highest returns, and build to emphasize those - knowing you're paying out for the commodities to survive, utilizing 'profits' from commodities you probably don't need.Often as you seem on the cusp of winning, one of the  competition will suddenly, and quite rapidly, buy you out."
,Recommended,271240,22696941,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,RChicken,"I've only got about four hours into the game and so far it is an ever changing, fast paced, economy game. I played through the tutorial and did a few games against the computer, and lost, but I am starting to get the hang of it.Pros:Fast pacedOrginal ideaCons:So much orange on MarsFast pacedMusic gets annoying after a whileSteap learning curveComputers will gang up on you early if you pull ahead fastDon't let the cons change your mind, at the current price point of $40 for the delux version it's worth the money."
,Not Recommended,271240,15767226,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,LordYabo,"I love RTS (Starcraft) and economic games (Tropico, Railroad Tycoon, Capitalism 2).I love playing economic board games with my friends and family (Wealth of Nations, Acquire, Puerto Rico).I love Civ 4.I wanted to love this game.I do not.This game is missing something.  There are no interesting choices to make.It's all about build order, as you can build all the buildings you want/need, just in what order."
,Recommended,271240,14452442,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zane Thanatos,"Overall, somewhat suprised and pleased with the game. I'm still not terribly happy with the price point (I think for EA something around $20 would be more fair with a possible $30-$35 point when the game is finished) but I don't think I wasted my money.Some of my negative comments first:- The UI can be a bit clunky and laggy at points.- If you leave a campaign game in the middle you seem to automatically lose that round (no way to save it and return later unless I'm being oblivious).- If you start losing rounds in the campaign it becomes extremely difficult to make up the lost ground.- No clear indication of when a campaign is over/ability to have multiple campaigns going at once.My biggest takeaway - no problems with the gameplay. The rounds definetly go by quicker then I thought they would as do the campaigns. I do wish there was an option in the campaign to vary the number of starting opponents (simply because once they are all eliminated you win and they can get eliminated fairly quickly) but thats fairly minor. The AI is extremely robust and even the start of the game takes some thought (eg do you drop your base quickly and move to what nodes you can see, do you spend longer scanning hoping to hit the motherload, etc). It does feel like it's really all just a race to the offworld markets (they are so lucrative that whoever gets their first is more or less going to win the game) but the gameplay itself is great. The game takes some forethought as you are limited in what you can do via a limited number of claims (it would be nice if you yourself could give up or auction off a claim). Graphics overall are simple (but clean) and make it extremely easy to see what is going on in-game.All in all I still do have a bit of an issue recommending it at this price point but if you think you'd happen to like the genre and aren't tight with cash I would pick the game up. Hopefully this turns into a good example of Early Access but even if we never heard another word from the Devs the game is completely playable now.Edit: After playing some more I do have to say there are some annoying balance issues (some of the ""races"" are clearlier to play/win with then others and some of the abilities/techs are way to strong while others are almost useless) but hopefully those will be addressed going forward."
,Recommended,271240,14481473,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Etheras,"I've been following this game since before it was on Steam. Such a great concept! And it does not disappoint.The Good* Simple game mechanic that grows to a complex interconnected system* Easy to learn, requiring almost no tutorial, but difficult to master* Fun and addictive gameplay* A lot of the usual grind has been automated, leaving the player almost entirely grind-free to focus on base management (yay). The sole exception is the Saboteur system, which you can find in ""The Bad"" section below.* Challenging AI* Very satisfying victories without long drawn-out endgames* Decent graphics (if a bit blocky)* I am playing this in early-access, and yet the game seems full-featured and stable.* Interesting and current topic (mars colonization)* Well thought-out in terms of resources, resource usage, and gameplay mechanics* Offword mining and its actually about (mostly) peaceful commerce? What an original idea!The bad* The core game mechanic involves getting resources first, and then combining/upgrading to extract them faster. Other than avoiding pirate raids, no thought is given to logistics. I would have liked some road or train building, or having to run power lines or pipelines, rather than everything being delivered via hover selds* The sabotage system is annoying and feels ""taped on"". Its mostly ineffective, and yet pulls the player away from base management. Especially towards the end of the campaign, this can get kind of grindy... with players always having to repair or re-up their goon-squad, and keep track of attacks all over the place* The first colony almost always wins - I suppose that's incentive to drop early, but with a pausable interface, all the level3 resources near the colony are gone by the time the second corporation touches down* The game seems weighted towards Expansionist and Saboteur factions, with little real benefit for the robots or scientists* Synth voices for the characters are annoyingNot sure if these are good or bad...* I feel like there should be more of a sandbox mode, perhaps with some far-future constructions like terraformers?* Game is also quite short. It seems like a perfect length for what this game is. However, its a lot of fun, and I kinda hope it gets more features, which (I think) would need a longer campaign* Its cliche, but I expected at some point to find alien ruins / fossils / alien tech, but didn't. This could go either way. It adds a bit of mystery and alien-ness, and deepens a story.. but it is very typical and overdone too.ConclusionLoved it. I love strategy and simulation games, so this might get a touch of extra appreciation from me that might not be shared by all. Even so, I'd give Offword Trading Company a 9.5 / 10.Thanks for reading!"
76561198026913459,Recommended,271240,14440724,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,troublmaker,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSc9IG8ywxQUpon loading up the game I was surprised to find that despite the early access tag, it's actually a full game with polish.The game is sort of similar to Civ in that it is a 4x, but that's where the comparisons will end. It's closer to an economic simulator. You build infrastructure that produces resources. Resources can be used to produce new infrastructure. Infrastructure can take resources and created finished products out of them. And with all that you can sell them out to a dynamic market in which the price will fluxuate based on how much each player is selling of that commodity.The main part of the game is surviving as a company and buying out other ones. If your company value falls low you become vulnerable to losing shares of your company to competitors. Your company value is your debt and your infrastructure value combined. So paying off debt will make it harder for people to buying you, while having a large sum will allow you to buy an opponent.Once you have bought an opponent you gain their stuff in full and gain a significant advantage.The game comes with a tutorial for playing the game and playing each of the four factions. Each faction comes with its own unique set of opening boosts and needs. With a few dozen maps to choose from there is tonnes of gameplay value for your dollar.Fans of games like Port Royale, Rise of Venice, Anno 2070, and C.E.O. should definitely give this game a try. For people who are newer to economic simulators and want to give it a try, this might be the game for you."
,Not Recommended,271240,24286179,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,trajan22,"It was fun for a few hours, but it becomes very repetitive very quickly.   Wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,271240,24203264,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Frederica,"Amazing, amazing game.It looks pretty simple but when you get deeper and deeper into it, you'll be surprised at just how complicated it is.And I'm not even talking about playing against other people. That's another level of depth.Great, great RTS which doesn't even involve deathballing into enemy bases."
76561198088208527,Recommended,271240,28441515,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Googs,"This game has a very steep learning curve, but it is overwhelmingly fun. Highly recommend playing with a friend who's just as in the dark as you are, it's super fun to figure out the game.Once you realize how everything works, it becomes a much more complex strategy game. Supply and demand as well as opportunity cost all become very real factors in your decisions. There are also ways to manipulate the markets and undermine your oppononents.PROS:- Gorgeous graphics- Great soundtrack- Engaging gameplay- Many different ways to go about winningCONS:- Steep learning curve- Not much fun against AI (but what game is)- Some people will get frustrated by it's somewhat complex mechanicsOverall, solid 8.5/10. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,271240,14594019,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MegaDoucheMachine,Playing this with friends is worse than playing monopoly.
76561197965067948,Recommended,271240,24483855,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Stabby McStabStab,I haven't seen so much ruthlessness on Mars since DOOM.Pros:+Tutorial and Practice Games are well done+Several different paths to victory+Campaign mode forces you to use different strategies+Winning is always satisfyingCons:-Campaign could use some more backstory / diversity-You can get screwed by RNG sometimes-More corporations with more unique abilities would be a plusWorth purchasing during a sale - 7/10
,Recommended,271240,22337546,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,dj_m145,"This game is amazing, i love playing it skirmishes are definatly the best game mode for me as a play with freinds. If you enjoy games such as Civilisation and endless space/ledgend but dont have the time to dedicate to a game such as that, this game is definatly recommended to you.the game is still in early access, its founded on a basic crafting system so its easy to pick up, yet beacause of the markets both resourse market and black market it gets extremely tactical especially with human players and the way you play the game is inovative an requires you to think on your feet this is what sells this game and i definatly think its worth it.I would love to see new corperation types encorperated into the game as there are only 4 at the moment, i understand bringing more may complcate gameplay for the players but i find that if theres a lot of a certain resourse most players take advantage of that obviously, so you will end up with 3 out of 4 players being the same corperation.Now say there was corperations, for example a different type of robotic corperation that runs with different bonuses but on the same base resources i think it would help having a more varied gameplay as you wont end up playing all the same types."
76561197983973145,Recommended,271240,30588749,Posted: 18 March,all,JecJackal,"This a very enjoyable faster paced business simulation. Unlike most business games, in this game you can perform illegal activities to thwart your competition, such as sabatoging a plant or staging a riot. The stock market is basic yet effective.9/10"
,Recommended,271240,23551711,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Jumble Rumbling,"Been playing for a little bit, have to admit I'm loving this game. Reminds me a little bit of the old Industry Giant games, and is definitely an interesting spin on the RTS genre.Pros:- Great soundtrack- Fluid and simple yet flexible gameplay- Different factions, while the same on the surface, will force you to think your strategies through because they all run on different resources- AI is clever. They will target your research buildings with sabotages mid game, and tank resource prices if it figures out what your strategy isCons:- RNG can bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥from time to timeOverall, pretty solid 7.5/10 from me. Definitely worth picking up"
,Recommended,271240,23506320,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,min3mat,Great game with well thought out strategies and a strong single and multiplayer offering!
,Recommended,271240,14444436,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,aR2k,"If you are one of the people who really enjoy the economic part of CiV games, who tinker with worker placement, production focuses and how to make cities more effective, then this is the game for you.Its an early access release but it feels pretty solid, it looks good and if you are the guy i described earlier, you will have allot of fun.The only con I can really think of is that the UI could use some polishing to make things go a bit smoother, but thats it.The game looks decent, runs well, AI is good, and Ive yet to run into anything remotely close to gamebreaking."
,Recommended,271240,14442652,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Eik,"If Starcraft and Settlers of Catan had a baby (visited by the mailman Capitalism 2), you'd have Offworld Trading Company.Early Access, schmearly shmaccess, this game is good enough now. Art assets are a bit wonky (placeholder computer voices in lieu of actual actors, some weird asset error messages while playing), but whatever.It plays like a... Real Time Board Game. You get the clicky clicky fast decisions of an RTS, but the complex game mechanics / card shuffling of something like Settlers of Catan (or a similar German-style board game where there are multiple ways to win).My only complaint after a few hours is some interface tweaks (such as highlighting existing buildings of the same type you're building so you can more quickly snag the adjacency bonus) and maybe more visible notifications for the ""cards"" played (stocks being bought, EMPs being detonated, etc.)Basically though, if you like RTS games, and you also like economic games, totally get this. I suck at Starcraft - I can't click fast enough to matter, and I freakin' grew up on a computer. But I'm also not a dummy. This game was designed for me.See you on Mars, suckas. I'm gonna buy and sell your butt. For like, a dollar."
,Not Recommended,271240,22816108,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,golan,"[Intro] Had a bit of difficulty deciding between yay or nay, gave it a bit of consideration. The idea is interesting and not explored enough, so I felt very tempted to recommend solely on the premise of having a more diverse RTS scene. The decision rested on how they delivered on what they tried to achieve and promised.[Justification]It's not an interesting RTS (though i might be proven wrong if in a couple of years we see this game played competively, which I doubt). The way it is now, you'll have a difficult time playing on the higher levels until you find exploits that break the game. You won't become good at gaming an interesting rulset against an interesting opponent, you'll try to become good at beating the way the game was designed.Is not well balanced out and doesn't have an interesting AI, though people who might like '90s ""challenging"" (punishing) AI might want to give this a go for all times sake.The difficulty levels are simple starting penalties, which shows how little good gameplay is ""rewarded"" the player who makes the least mistakes wins, it should be more than that and I can't see it.There are 4 factions you can play as, they're not symetrical, but not well balanced out for asymetrical gameplay either (and they're not all that different). The robotic faction seems to be the obvious choice at the moment, the rest that are introduced later to the player will make your own playthrough more and more difficult, not different. Why would one not choose the faction that offers the easiest win when playing a skirmish match? Disclaimer: I caped at medium difficulty. I don't feel motivated to continue learning the game to beat the game.The economics. Aah, this should have been what made the game. Does the game make some interesting commentary about economics in RL, in video games or gives us an interesting mechanic through which the player might learn something useful about how economy works? No, none of these. The game uses very basic supply/demand system to set dynamic prices, which is cool as an idea. But there's no background simulation of why these resources are really needed, the demand is neither believable and allows for fluctuations which are actually based on supply alone and RNG demand. Boooooring.This is one of the objective reasons why one may argue that the game has no depth.[Others] Many talked about the price. I agree, it's too expensive for what it has to offer. I played the game and don't plan on purchasing content for the game. However, I wanted to avoid this and focus on how well the game delivers what it set out to accomplish. I'm also annoyed with the low res textures, gimmickey animation, almost like in a facebook game (though many liked the style for some reason). The campaign doesn't offer any compelling backstory, it just allows you to experience what the game has to offer a little bit more gradually.[TL;DR] The game has an interesting idea, but it's not very well delivered. It's worth trying out, but then you have to consider if it has enough value to offer to you."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,271240,16799245,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"Economy game without combat, umm thats not exactly true, there is still certain type of combat in the game, the rivals will still attack you in certain ways so if you want a economy game without combat this is not it.The game is fun though, but sadly can be short lived, there simply isnt much depth here and for 35? no way.The updates are agonizingly slow and does shows signs of perhaps being abandoned.I am going to give this a down vote for the following:Lies about the game not having combatThe games are too arcadeyThe price, man the price for this is steep, really steepThe lack of work on this title, i have seen little updates since it hit EA.I have 6 hours of play and i have done it all, there is just nothing here for this insane price, the game needs so much more content and work to justify even half of this price,"
76561198035198408,Recommended,271240,14456948,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,gkhogg,"This is a great game, lots of fun. The first round will be very overwhelming, however the learning curve is easy. It is still in beta, I hope they add a minimap and some hot key functions. navigating is a little odd. An issue I find with all steam games is the hot corners on mac, if you have it enabled, mess up the game. The task bar pops up over the game interface as well as the header bar. It can be irritating when scrolling to the edges is the only way to navigate.It's super fun, but fast paced. You'll be done with each round in 30-45 mins each.  It does leave you wanting something more enduring sometimes. I want to play longer, do more, expand. I don't want to own Mars in an hour or less every time.Again I know it's a beta but the game seems unbalanced, for example my second time through I had bought out all my competitors but one and owned all the resources. I had lots of money and resources, but I was just sitting and messing around. Unfortunately the AI generated enough over a long period of time and bought me out. I lost even tho I owned 90% of the map. Seemed odd.Overall, lots of fun, not time consuming. Leaves you wanting more strategy space RTS tho. Great beta! I hope to see some more features in the full release. 100% worth it."
,Not Recommended,271240,21927210,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SkibDen,"Pretty solid basic game, but after completing the 5 tutorials, I kinda felt like I had completed the entire game..It's pretty much the same all over, each game can be completed in like 1 hour max..Very promising game, but needs some more work."
76561198023185401,Not Recommended,271240,22768875,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,maindarkmaster,"Game seemed interesting from initial look into it, but grew old after a very short period of play. One of few games of the Space/Sim/Strategy Genre that I can hardly even get through an hour of play.Ended up quite disapointed partially due to the fact that I generally enjoy games published by StarDock, but this one just feels lacking.In short the game falls short of what I expect from a strategy or sim, largely due the fact that each ""match"" is more like a 10minute skirmish. I tend to enjoy a bit more of a build up to my strategy/sim and see how things play out. Rather then just rush to buy out the competitors in a 10min rush to the finish.Overall give it a 3/10Pro -- Seems polished, encountered no bugs.Cons -- Lack of overall content, not much to do and strategy is quite simple. Feels more like a flash game. (Maybe worth trying if the game was alot cheaper, at time of review it was 25% off for $29.99, but this just feels expensive for what it includes)"
,Recommended,271240,25204506,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pesco,"So, I have been wanting to give OTC a thumbs-up since I got it; I think it is really one of the great games of the last few years. Such a unique concept, well-executed, simple to learn, hard to master. If you want thoughtful strategy with competitive multiplayer, and don't care for a long-form story campaign, try this! The AI is also pretty good; quite challenging. There is a short randomized single-player campaign mode to provide variety over plain skirmishes.Anyway, I held off on reviewing this for a long while because after 85 hours clocked I still don't know if I *really* get it. To elaborate...The game takes place around a fictional colony on Mars (placed in the center of each map). Multiple companies set up shop around it and compete for the market driven by the demands of this colony. You are granted a very limited number of land plots to choose and build factories on. Then you have to be ready to strategically replace buildings lest they become unprofitable. Everything you do consumes resources, influencing market prices. You and your competitors may also play the market by buying up and selling down large quantities of goods. Entire matches can be won/lost on market gambles. Lastly, there is a black market of sabotage actions to give an extra edge over the competition. These must be utilized ruthlessly against a skilled opponent (who will be using them ruthlessly).Conflict in this game is highly indirect, through the market. This means that when you are losing (or winning) it can be hard to tell why! Do not be fooled by the immediacy of black market actions; they are powerful, but the main force behind a win is always economic. There is an interactive replay function that allows every match to be reviewed from any player's point of view. Make good use of it!It seems that for the above reason, some reviewers are put off by a game that appears simplistic to some (too easy) and impossibly unfair to others (too hard). It is important to know how the difficulty setting works in this game: Difficulty levels are given fanciful names from ""Applicant"" and ""Intern"" to ""CEO"" and ""Guru"". These do not change how the AI plays (it always works to its best ability), but give some starting bonuses or handicaps to the player. There is a setting in the middle called ""Manager (AI)"" which gives the standard amounts (that the AI always gets) and is actually quite hard for a beginner. There is a set of practice scenarios that ramp up in difficulty and you can see in the achievement stats how many have beaten the last one which plays on ""Manager"" - scroll down to ""Managing Expectations"":http://steamcommunity.com/stats/271240/achievements/So, have fun, and don't jack up the food price too much!"
76561198011206383,Recommended,271240,29882349,Posted: 12 February,all,Madeyes2882,"Fun  game, not as much depth as I was hoping for. The tutorial is great and gives you a solid over view of the different factions, but after that and a normal play through of the campaign Im not really chomping at the bit to go back in for more. It starts to feel a little grindy after the first few missions and has a basic arcady feel to it that makes it fun to pick up and play and easy to master, but doesnt lend itself to extended game play. Worth a play if you like colony/space/economic sims but just dont go looking for much in the way of dynamic game play."
76561198032625681,Recommended,271240,23868954,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Oponn,"This game is exactly what it is sold to you as, which is to say an awesome quick economic rts. You get to play Martian capitalism with all the usual questionable and sometimes dirty tricks of the trade, and it's HUGELY satisfying. Here is what stands out to me about this game in particular that I think makes it worth buying:- fast games (around 20 minutes)- beautiful visuals and a spot on UI- wonderful soundtrack- well put together live market system- four distinctly flavored factions- slightly lengthy but really useful tutorialsThis is the first time I have seen an economic 'game' actually achieve the 'game' part. There are many economic sims out there; Offworld is not one of them, it is instead an actual game, a fun experience, which uses a simulated live market and other things to make you feel like a true capitalist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in space."
76561198014604142,Recommended,271240,25043720,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jayjay,"I really enjoy this game. Ultimately the game ends when all other corporations (your opponents) have been bought. You buy and sell ressources to satisfy your needs and make money. Market prices vary in real time with supply and demand. You can even buy shares in others and reap on their profit. It's a nice combination of strategy, building and economics. The tutorials are thorough and you can play skirmishes, campaigns, daily challenges, multiplayer, etc. The game is smooth and polished. Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,271240,25067378,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,420WWWYZZERDD,Reminds me of old C&C gameplay without the troop movement. Great balance of having to manage purchases to profits. Really addictive and fun with lots of extra gameplay elements added so it doesn't bore the player. I would suggest this for any player who wants a relatively relaxing RTS experience and like base building games.
,Recommended,271240,25257076,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Terror Incognita,"Okay, so I'm going to put the important bit first. If you're a fan of the RTS genre, but you dislike the intensity of the micro required to perform in the genre at a high level competitively,this is the game for you.Don't even read the rest of the reviews; just buy it and prepare for a fantastic experience.Offworld Trading Company is adeepgame. A very deep game. What you need to succeed is an ability to accurately assess a given situation, and make good decisions based on other players' actions. That's pretty much it. The difficulty comes with how many variables there are: buildings, resources, money, debt, the black market, and other players. These variables interact in many ways, but never through direct conflict.It's pretty clear that the inspiration behind OTC was board gaming, and there are ways in which it feels like a board game at times. But computers are capable of more calculations than humans which, coupled with the fact that so much thought has gone into the intricacies of the economic system, makes building an economic empire both very rewarding and enormously fun.Multiplayer is balanced extremely well. All of the game-breaking exploits have been quashed by this point, and watching streams of the very best players makes it apparent that it's careful consideration of options, and not raw APM, that's rewarded in this game. This fact alone makes it almost unique within the genre, and as a result I can't recommend this game highly enough. There are enough active players in the ranked queues at the time of writing that you'll pretty much always get a game, and that will be improved further when you (yes,you!) buy it and start playing. So off you go.Oh, and the guy who made it is the guy who made Civilization IV, which is the best Civ game to date by a long way. He knows how to make games."
,Recommended,271240,31702400,Posted: 12 May,all,2flow,"Probably my favorite RTS of all time. Whereas most RTS's seem to be just about who can spam the most units out first and zerg rush the other base, Offworld is a bit trickier. You have to learn when and where to build your base, what resources to rush, and when to rush them. You have to learn to watch your enemies closely and interfere when neccesary. Watch what they build and do your best to counter them. There's a market running alongside all of this, which your decisions influence heavily. If everyone ends up building electronics, they'll come down in price, and no one will be happy. Racing to build capital can become pretty intense, especially when you're watching your stocks slowly get bought out by your enemies. There's also a fun black market you can use to throw a wrench in everyone else's plans. A well-timed EMP can turn the game around.That said, your first few games could be frustrating. It takes a few rounds to learn the pros and cons of different bases, the ebb and flow of the market, when to build extra amenities or not. And without having wrapped your head around it all, you might feel a bit excluded from the game, fumbling around not doing much. But, stick with it. Once it clicks, you'll see that it's a game of surprising depth."
76561198061556315,Recommended,271240,22626210,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sidewinder,A new and unique entry into the Strategy genre.Fans of the Civ and Endless LEgend series should defanitely pick this one up.Solid faced paced strategy driven by pure market economics.Exactly the type of RTS innovation we need to see more of.
76561197972393860,Recommended,271240,22778076,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Fudds,"What a fantastic strategy/RTS! I was looking for something to scratch the RTS itch I had and I've always been a fan of the economic side of these games more so than the combat. Coming from classics like Age of Empires and Civilization, I find this is a nice blend of everything I love about strategy games. Quick SummaryPros:- Deep economic simulation and strategy- Ever changing and dynamic games- Stellar soundtrack, to be expected of Tin- Quicker matches makes multiplayer actually feasibleCons:- Could use a bit more content (better total stats, unique scenarios other than campaign, better multiplayer functionality)- Price is a bit steep, especially when comparing to games with unbelievable amount of content and quality such as the Civ seriesOverall I recommend this game for its price point though and that mostly has to do with the fact that there is no game quite like it. Polished, unique, and a ton of fun."
,Recommended,271240,21935843,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Karysto,"The RTS-economics focus really interested me, and I was sold on it. I played for about 3 hours  right away. It really grows on you. If you like the level of complexity of Civ, but with the focus shifted to commerce, and played at a faster (RTS) pace, where you're always busy and focused on efficiency, you'll love this game.Pros:+Highly realistic economic forces, including pirating, debt interest and corporate sabotage+RTS pace requires you to constantly be on alert and focused+Challenging and rewarding to build a complex resource network and corporate empireCons:-A bit of a learning curve, don't skip the tutorials."
,Recommended,271240,19753957,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,kelopiera,"Quite heavy price for the game and it is not justify by the game itself, but surely one of the cool stategy game i've played. It's a new genre but easy to learn with the tutorial.Recommended if you have money to threw out of the windows but else ... as other comment says ... Wait for it to die or wait for the developper to lower the price that is once again not justify."
76561198039347152,Recommended,271240,15997669,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,sox_0,"Should be able to level up your base as many levels as you like, should be harder to buy other peoples shares, and when they do the money should go to them. good game, few ideas for change. each game should be a little bit longer as well. 8/10"
76561197967435538,Recommended,271240,14455507,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Awac,"Great concept, awesome potential.Still some rough edges but it is very much playable with full single and multiplayer. It plays like a semi fast paced RTS game without the heavy micromanagement. But not as slow as games like Anno 2070 for example.Very good for an early access title."
76561197983889599,Recommended,271240,19208241,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,HungLow,"Offworld was a great game in early access and it's still a good game but the price tag needs to come down as the playerbase is next to nothing. I still play it every now and then but it's nothing so exciting to justify the price. I hope the developers listen to their playerbase and put greed aside. If you have money to spend it's worth checking out, however if not wait for a sale...or it to die out."
76561198055830477,Not Recommended,271240,20041426,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,sage199,"While this is a well made game, it simply lacks enough features to justify it being $40. After about an hour of playing you really do every thing there is to do and it becomes very repetive. I would be more comfortable buying it if it were around $5-$10."
76561197978432123,Not Recommended,271240,26076279,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Action Johnny,"I played through the tutorials, which took me over 2 hours to finish, so I was past the refund time. Game modes unlock as you finish the tutorials. Since I knew I had to keep the game, I made sure to play it for what it was worth. Turns out that was about a week of fun before the charm ran out.I expected the game to have some of the dynamism of Civ 4, with more economics, since Soren Johnson was the lead on the game. It turns out to be a fast, pausable real-time game where you mine, buy, sell and turn into about 3 products. Matches run about 15-30 minutes depending on game type (campaign, skirmish, multiplayer), or end more quickly if you make an oversight in your production. Your AI opponents are trying to get the upper hand on the market and drive you out of business. Both the player and AI can corner the market on resources and production, and play dirity tricks to steal from or knock the competition's production offline. You can also upgrade production techniques and patent methods to give you an edge in making your products. The winner buys out all of the competition, forcing them to become subsidiaries.Graphics wise the game uses sharp, simple graphics with a bright, almost neon palette. It is easy enough to see what is going on once you get used to watching ships shoot across the map carrying cargo. Outliners for sales, resources, and production are visible and easy to use. There are a number of voiceovers to events in the game, such as a company losing stock, a disaster, or industrial accident. Most of them use a pretentious tone, and they sound off regularly to inform you of the happenings of the map. The voices do not seem consistent to the AI personalities, and I got tired of hearing ""Screw with us, and we'll screw with you"" and its ilk after about the 20th time I heard it in a match.Since I didn't like the game enough, I never tried multiplayer. If you were hoping for a deep simulation and a wide sprawling market where you plan and plot over time, this isn't your game. Its a short, well-designed game that plays at the pace of a casual title. Campaign mode can be fun, because it lets you acquire and keep upgrades between matches. Skirmish mode is a place to practice and find out how not to lose. It took me about 8 hours to understand the flow of the game and how to win. Just remember the tutorials take a lot of time, so if you don't like it in the first hour, you may want to seek a refund. I may get bored enough to return to the game one day, but the frenetic pace and short playtime just does satisfy as much as winning or losing in another game of thoughtful planning.Pros:The AI is smart and know how to play the game well on standard difficultySharp, if cartoonish graphicsRobber-barons on MarsCons:Short playtimeAnnoying, inconsistent voiceoversLots of critical thinking, QUICKLY!"
76561198293124558,Recommended,271240,22451325,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dwemi,"Pros:- Multiplayer is fun and challenging.- Easy mechanics but a lot of depth on the strategy side.- Multiplayer games are never the same.- Developers take you for serious.- Unique and innovative.- Nice graphics.Cons:- Singleplayer starts to feel repetitive after a couple of matches.- The pricetag is pretty high.Overall a great game I would recomend it to everyone!If you decide to buy the game you should definitely check out some youtube video's, they are really helpful."
76561197998298494,Recommended,271240,17026937,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Amora Bunny,"Fun as defined by repetitive actionSo why recommendwith a title like that? Cause the game can still be fun, if not a constant repeative action at end game.  The methods on how you overly strategize towards the end can vary, mostly in how the map generates, how quickly your enemy deploys/expands and the various methods they use against you and vs versa.  But the end becomes nearly the same; sell resources at high prices before the other player/AI - so you have enough dosh to buyout the other player, because they certainly are about to do it to you! (You see an ever increasing % sign next to their name, telling you of your impendingdoom).A hair raisingly good timeWhile the game does raise the stakes and cause you to panic, the game is short lived. You may think ""Fast paced gameplay that has relatively quick matches Amora? That's good!"" but granted, that isn't a good thing... unless you like that sort of thing.  I'm more of a stock that enjoys the time it takes to get somewhere, and admiring my crushing blow towards my opponents or their epic schoolin' they lay down teaching.  I could  list a plethora of games that follow this suit, but you may already get the idea.So, purchase this game if:Enjoy StrategyLove live action cat and mouse; chess stylized market manipulationsFast paced, hair raising gameplayDo so ever love repetitive end game experiencesRemember, Bunny loves you <3"
76561198174781425,Recommended,271240,22885701,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Phreebass,"Overall, this RTS game is a refreshing take on a familiar concept: Corporate Warfare as Alien Colonization RTS.  I've been playing it now for three days, and overall - I really like this game.  My only issue is that it seems the devs really took a few shortcuts that seem to show, the sort that you might not see in a release from one of the more established publishers.First, typos - you'll see them in the game and referred to in discussions.  Seriously, guys - if you can develop a game you can spell check.  Just lazy IMO.Second, balance - the game does not seem balanced between the difffering factions nor with the AI.  So far it seems to be either very easy to win, or impossible to win.  There are a lot of ""moving parts"" in this game - i.e. a lot of resources, upgrades, and attack options via the ""black market"" and hacker array to contend with, and no matter what you do the AI will make all the necessary calculations much faster than a human to determine the best strategy to win.  Devs have said this isn't true in discussion, but with respect they understand the game differently than a new user and they should listen to the criticisms.Third, font/resource icon size - there are many instances when the fonts are honestly nearly too small to read.  Anyone who might need reading glasses (not just middle-aged gamers like me) will find it hard to read numbers, which is pretty important given this is a game of corporate warfare and espionage.  Seriously, make the fonts/resource icons like 10-15% bigger and it's much more playable.Fourth - there seem to be issues with multi-player, but I cannot speak to that specific complaint because I've not yet attempted to get into a MP game, but read the discussions if you want to learn more on MP bugs.That said, I'm confident that future relases and patches will address these issues, and one of the best features in my opinion is the lean and effective use of code.  I was THRILLED to see that it only took up a little over 2G on my MacBook AIR.  I'd strongly consider this title if you're a fan of any of the Civ games, as well as C&C or other RTS titles."
,Recommended,271240,22820065,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Incon54,"Fantastic new spin on the RTS genre: non standard combat, no direct confrontations, all offensive and defensive actions are played out through the stock\resource market. Brilliant! If you loved the replayability of CIV, you'll be right on board with OTC."
76561198071898307,Recommended,271240,29108454,Posted: 7 January,all,Crusaderjak,"Very fun, not much content, but its the people you play with. I haven't bought the DLC yet So i dont know if there is much content in those either. I really recommend buying this game on sale, because $40 for this is way overpriced."
,Recommended,271240,15868960,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Fury,"It's a very nice trading game, having played it quite a bit I can see the potential. The only thing that needs a bit polishing is the endgame, stock prices and buyout options doesn't seem to accurately reflect the actual value of the company.But to be honest, this is an early access game so this will probably get improved :)Edit: after playing a bit more I must say the endgame needs a lot of work, personally I would like to see it become more of a challenge.... but now it's just sell as many resources at the best possible price and buyout your competitor before they do that to you.I would hold off purchasing this game until they have fixed these problems and make the game more interesting in the later stages."
76561198013132245,Recommended,271240,35216375,Posted: 25 September,all,huminado,"I wish I could have played this great game earlier... but of course, Stardock insists on not giving demos, and they always overprice their games, along with milking customers for years and years before any semblance of a finished product is available.  And I'm not even sure they'll ever finish any of their current games.  They just may keep adding on to them for perpetuity.  But for whatever reason, when this game became available for 50% off, I decided it was worth a try.I only have started to play, but I'm not disappointed so far.  Having played Sid Meier's Railroads, this game has similar elements, but is more cut-throat.  People have complained about the overabundance of options - and that is true, but it just shows that this is a gamer's game, with geeks blathering on and on incessantly about the nuances of so many strategic elements.  It's fine with me!  I would rather a game was never fully comprehensible, than that it was too simple.There is a huge amount of guesswork in this game in that you try to predict which resources will become scarce and which ones will be overproduced, and building up for harvesting the former while just buying out the latter when needed.The games seem to play relatively quickly - maybe under 3 hours or so.Is the game worth the full price?  Only if you are a die-hard economic sim fan, or money is no object.  I feel satisfied paying 50% off - I got something close to a ""finished-level"" game, and the price was about average.  I bought the ""Gold"" bundle that came with the Jupiter and other DLCs.  I'm not sure I'll ever find time to play all the expansions, but they are nice to have available.The learning curve is much higher than the simple appearance implies.  There are some very complex interelationships to build up, and timing vulnerabilities those relationships hinge on.  You can't see what stockpiles your opponents might have up their sleeve, waiting for the opportune moment to buy you out.The game is written in the Unity3D engine, which means the graphics tend to lag a little.  Some people have complained about this, but for an economic sim, I could not care less if I lose some frames now and then.  This is not a shooter - it's more like a clicker.  Frame rate doesn't affect gameplay hardly at all, and I haven't noticed any issues yet with a minimal level laptop, so I think it's a nonissue.  Still if you're very picky you might want to consider that.In-game voice acting is good.  Prose tone is semi-humorous (some references to slave-driving in the real world that hits a bit too close to home to be ""haha"" funny).  The core humor of Offworld is watching helplessly as your company slowly melts down!  The artwork is light-hearted, cartoony and trace amounts of psycho: B+ - for an eco-sim the artwork adds good flavor.  The marketting video voice acting doesn't match the lightness of the cartoony artwork - it's a bit nonsequetor.I have not found ANY part of this game (in the current state) that feels like they are still holding some major component back for a future DLC.  Of all the turn-offs of Stardock, that has been my biggest gripe, and it's a welcome change not to feel like I paid for a feature-lacking-but-already-planned-for-future-customer-milking-DLC version of the game.  However, if I'd bought it when it first came out - that would certainly have been the case, so I think I timed it okay.  The only risk I can think of here is if they create some new version that becomes a defacto standard, the mod community will split up.The modding for this game looks delicious!  I'm not sure though whether a full re-skin is possible.This looks like it could be a lot of fun to play multiplayer, especially at a LAN party with several friends."
,Recommended,271240,15789832,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,yokos,"The most interesting take on RTS games in seems like forever. A dynamic an engaging economic simulation, quick decisions both tactical and long term strategy matter. Defeat your competition with economic power instead of weapons."
76561198042531964,Recommended,271240,22801011,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Oh Welles,"8 out of 5 starsI watched several Let's Play videos before making this purchase. I was skeptical because I am not a mathmatically inclined individual. I am among the 5 out of 4 Americans who struggle with basic fractions. In the end, I took a chance and have not been disappointed.I played a skirmish and then went through the tutorial to get a better grasp on the mechanics of the game. Both experiences were fantastic. The humor and thoroughness of the tutorial made it one of the best I've ever played. I have yet to dive into the campaign, but am eager to master OTC. What I've experienced already is enough for me to recommend it without hesitation.Now, off to Mars. There's silicon in them there hills![UPDATE]With more time spent in game, I have only further applause for the title. Great buy."
,Recommended,271240,22833865,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Brandy Butter,Extreamly rewarding RTS game. Constantly changing stock market makes each game different and tactics endless.Buy it. Play it.Make RTS great again.
76561198086137165,Recommended,271240,23709272,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,AlienAsparagus,"One of the most complex resource management games I've ever played.What I found charming about the game is how it simulated not just the basics of economics but it had elements of consumers, terrain (including weather effects), sourcing and patents. Players are also able to manipulate some of these factors through the 'black market' basically debuffs or buffs you can buy on a periodic basis.Not counting for daily challenge or multiplayer, there are essentially 2 game modes.Skirmishes are 1 off rounds where all buildings are available and your goal is to buy off the shares of your competitors to win.If you like progression then campaign mode is pretty nice. Instead of buying your oponents, you buy buildings for the settlers on the colony to win which would also help you tamper with supply and demand (Personally I built more houses so I could drive the price of food and oxygen up lulz). it adds a little more depth to the game as you do not own every building and would have to choose which buildings you'd like to acquire or upgrade though the downside is that this mode lasts for only 7 rounds.TL:DRFairly complex with a variety of strategies to win and ♥♥♥♥ over your oponent that doesn't make you rage quit.Realistic resource manager cause it adheres to a lot of basic business and economics principles."
76561198110056461,Recommended,271240,14611169,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,markdrankin,"The game is a lot of fun, there's a learning curve for this type of game until you get the basic hang of it (31 hours of play until my first win). The UI is fine to me, could be refined or polished up later on. The graphics are decent in that they're not childish looking, but colorful and well done without being too detailed and distracting from the real content. Another great added feature is the customization of gameplay options.  Map size, location, resource amounts, black markets and many more options available to pick from.The factions are great and seem well balanced on the surface, until technology and research are conducted with some factions  gaining a very strong edge. Some technology can compliment a faction weakness very well or enhance upon current factional strengths.Gameplay can be quick and brutal, once you've mastered the learning curve you can be just as brutal. After 31 hours of gameplay trying different factions, and tactical approaches I won. OTC will eventually unleash your inner mastermind when you learn which Black Market sabotage to use on the leader of the pack to keep them in check and in debt. Low on power? Go steal some. Combination tech and sabotage can render great net returns with the correct amount of timing.---My only negatives are not knowing what the sound effects mean and the exact location of my affected colony. I feel like Factional structures should have an easily identified signature look rather than a colored border. It seems there's only one way to win and that's... Offworld Trading. Every game feels like a race to Offworld shipment rockets where other rts have multiple methods for obtaining victory.If you're looking for something fun and different with 30 minutes to kill, this game will please. I bought the game even after reading the negative reviews and was able to overlook the smaller details."
,Recommended,271240,24363655,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ginzero,"My 9-year old daughter and I absolutely love playing this game.  It's simple to play, but challenging to master.  Game is very family friendly, no killing, no foul language, and it's actually a good intro to simple economics.GG Mohawk games!  We're looking forward to your next game."
,Recommended,271240,22991441,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,habibi,"This is quite a special game that does not fit into any conventional category. It's an RTS-like game but there are no combat units to manage. You win by out thinking your opponents (AI, in my case) by outplaying them in the commodity market. The game's premise is that you and a few other AIs are setting up shop in Mars. You race against each other to see who make the most money out of mining minerals in the planet. The more of certain minerals you sell, the price of the minerals will go down in the stock market. This manipulation of the stock market will enable you to influence the net worth of your company as well as your opponent's. You win buy buying the company shares, having a corporate take over. The action is pretty intense and yet, you can always auto pause to take a breather and think of your next strategy. Having high reflex and able to execute many actions per minutes does not matter here, this is not your usual RTS. And yet, the amount of excitement from creating espionage to influece the stock markets, causing the shares of your competitors to drop is very real. Each game is short, maybe an hour for each sitting, very useful for a quick fix before bed. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,271240,14478077,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ウィアブー  anbu blackops,"*Early Access Review*I'm a big RTS fan and I've been waiting for a game like this one, the concept of this game is just amazing and very simple, non RTS players can also easily get addicted to this one. Game graphics and the design of it's interface is very simple and that makes it more interesting. Audio is perfect. But the performance is not so good, I'm getting a decent frames on high settings well that's not a big issue yet, the game just got out and it's in early access so hopefully the developers will come up with that. I think the price is a bit higher than it should be for a game like this, they should drop a few bucks if possible. Overall I really like this game, now let's see how far this game goes. 9/10."
76561198012652674,Not Recommended,271240,31654775,Posted: 9 May,all,jandeczech,"The tutorial seemed alright so I thought this would be a decent strategy game.  However, when I got into the actual game I found that it was more of a quick reaction clickfest.   Stop and think every now and then, and you can count on losing.  If you are looking for a game that involves strategy instead of quick clicking, keep looking."
,Recommended,271240,15053963,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Trig,This game in all however is a very expensive game even though i like it its price is way to expensive for what it does. i i knew what the game was like i would wait for the price to be at least $25.
76561197978238059,Not Recommended,271240,14488787,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,BuilderMp,"Well,  in it current state the game is rather easy and broing after a few hours of play.  I was excpecting a little bit more even from the alpha release. Winning is not winning as it is a mass scramble to buy up more claims, expand your base and build up your tradebale items.  For the price point I was expecting more options of trading, pipe lines and more detailed process to extract your resources from the ground. everything in between is automatic(bring in and return of resources). Maybe adding ship building may help to add a little more flavour and to add more depth to collection of resources.  To me it seems you need more stuff to do, and less about the capitalist pig system we live in today. Buying out your competion is fun but it should be a little less predictable and more random events.  Sabotage and goons are a nice addition but I find it very lack luster and overall not that interesting.   I was expecting this game to have more options, pipelines, trains, space stations to deliver your items to and be able to ship out from to earth or other planets.over al I cant really reccomend this game in its current state, Especially at $40.00 price point, feels like 10-20 at most would have been sutiable.  And this is a small game, not a grand strategy I was hoping for. I enjoy no armies in it just, need more things to do to keep my brain in the game.Pros-- Great concept- Graphics okcons- lackluster overall gaming experience - lacks in depth realistic  resouce gathering, mining, and processing.- Very basic layout and buiuldings.Overallroll the dice if you want, I waited for a few months to get this game - I have been following it on the internet - and now what it has been released - slightly dissappointed more then I was happy. But hopefully this game will have new features added and the game will get more in depth - I will update later after a few more hours.( I WISH THEY HAD A NEUTRAL BUTTON)  not no or yes - But i will go with no !"
76561197985187731,Recommended,271240,19858785,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,rararasputin,"Early Access, so I'm sure the game will only improve. Right? Great game for the (sale) price. Like others have said, feels like a condensed CIV economy simulator. Looking forward to more improvements but the game actually feels quite polished as is. Would recommend at the half-off sale price."
,Not Recommended,271240,21080359,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BritishWanderer,"No depth to this absolute mockery of an early access game. It's been out for over a year now with more infrequent updates as time has gone on. It's a fun game to watch however a complete misery to play. It's too quick and too bland. The AIs aren't a challenge, The stock market doesn't even make much sense.Would not buy again 2/10"
,Recommended,271240,14729191,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dorry,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!  I love every thing about this game and how it works, it is ashame that the price is high so othher people can afford it"
76561197962683476,Recommended,271240,14523289,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,TheTyrannicalTeabagger,CANT WAIT TO SEE THE FINAL PRODUCT!-Great game mechanics thus far.-Simple concepts turn into complex matrices of economics-With balancing and some sexier models this game will be GREAT
,Not Recommended,271240,14457356,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Apocalypse Noodle,"When I first saw this it looked promising, nice new RTS to play.I've been playing it for awhile now and all I can think is how I got fooled into dropping 35 bucks for this. The balance is practically non-existent, the AI seems to make horrifyingly bad choices and at times it seems like the game is straight up cheating as ridiculous as that may sound. A particular example of this happened in one game when the bot, finding itself roughly $80,000 in debt, suddenly and inexplicably, had it's stock-price nearly quadruple while it's debt only increased.It then proceeded to use it's newfound debt to buy me out in all of twenty seconds.Deciding that perhaps operating so far in the red that you're in the black must be how you do things on Mars, I tried a similar strategy only to be met with the bot making the same miraculous turn-around only a few days in.Setting aside the questionable balance for a moment, I'd also like to point out that the audio is almost impossible to understand at times. But I guess that's kind of a moot point considering the probables you're going to have to go through to play this miserable game.All in all? Save your money for a better game. Wishing I'd stuck to the ""avoid early access at all costs"" lesson I keep learning and ignoring..."
76561197966537248,Not Recommended,271240,14488133,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,/HDF/Draslin,"Cannot recommend the game at this time.  This game is brutally difficult, even on the lowest difficulty settings.  CPU players are far too aggressive (Think Civ 5 Ghandi meets the Red Skull) and do not seem to compete with one another.  There is a bug currently in the game that allows CPU players to purchase stock in your company even when they do not have the funds to do so.  The game also, apparently, gives stipends of cash to the AI player, resulting in an early game juggernaut.  Every game is a zerg rush - there is no long term strategic play in this game whatsoever.Sabottage corporations in particular are incredibly frustrating to play against and their playstyle is one dimensional: to deny others the ability to play.  This is not a very good design for an RTS game, as there is no effective counter to this playstyle that is accessible at all during the early game.The CPU text-to-speech announcements get annoying very fast, especially the one voice that is barely understandable - I thought I had selected the wrong localization.Overall, this is a great concept and the game could be fun, but for now the game is balanced such that it is just a mad rush with no real strategic depth or fun factor.  It needs more Sid Meier.Could this game be worth the money?  Eventually, maybe.  It isn't right now.  Hold off on this one."
76561198054795964,Recommended,271240,25597401,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,sb_chin,Fantastic game - 30 minutes of heart pounding funBut it is harder to me than turn based games and not many guides around to read up onMany of the guides were posted during early access and I am not sure if they are still relevant
76561198045774472,Recommended,271240,25188938,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MaRkV,"Capitalism in space! I have been putting off buying Offworld Trading Company, OTC, for a while. It was on  sale so I thought I would buy it at half price. Why did I wait so long? What a great game!I don't think it would be possible to win the game by playing fair. That is not the offworld capitalist way.I will update this review as I play more but so far I have to say how good it looks with loads of replayability."
,Recommended,271240,29925405,Posted: 14 February,all,Toki,"This game can be both intense and boring at the same time. The boring part is that after you play couple of skirmishes you see repetition in the experience. It reduces the boring factor with an interesting variety in single player campaign, but it feels like it is lacking a ""game"".Knowing this, I still recommend this game since the potential of customized variety is good one."
,Recommended,271240,22815552,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,marquiseondore,Incredibly addictive as well as challenging. I only wish there was a save feature for those of us who have to drop what we're doing at a moments notice and can't leave the game on pause.
76561198012274816,Recommended,271240,22805854,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,|iTo|LeadReaper,"It takes a very classic RTS blueprint, collect resources destroy enemy, and removes military. So building a efficent resource gathering layout allows you to use the ""free market"" to vanquish your foes. Specialize and build high margins and quanity production. Or midigate risk though diversity, be self sufficent and use your profits of selling goods to buy other companies. The layout in game is star craft age of empires esque, but disimlar without the need for worker drones. This game is a wonderful game that plays fast and allows you to use caplitalism to destory other players..... it has great life lessons for business ;-) Buy this game just because it's so creatvie and groundbreaking."
,Recommended,271240,22470937,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Black Mage,"Pretty well made, nice graphics, gameplay is somewhat similar to railroads. With the randomized maps, random market, random black market, and the ability to choose from 4 factions with their own specialties this is a well rounded Real Time Strategy that was worth the money!"
76561198029944853,Recommended,271240,31660341,Posted: 9 May,all,GredoShotFirst77,"The game has a bit of a learning curve, but what great strategy game doesn't? It's nothing you cannot handle.This is a fantastic take on RTS Games. It's fun to challenge the AI through indirect economic warefare."
76561198008162297,Recommended,271240,23826917,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,twodback,Great game with nice community.
,Recommended,271240,29935189,Posted: 14 February,all,TrattpingviN,"Fun economic RTS about maxing your profits using the same buildings and rules but on very varied maps, making each game a unique challenge"
,Recommended,271240,24025734,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tom Foolery,"By far the most innovative RTS I've played in years.  For anyone who likes the RTS format but hated micromanaging little grunts or loved economically out-scaling their opponent, this is definitely worth a buy."
76561198013132357,Recommended,271240,21936034,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,steven,it is a good game but at this point 40 bucks is to much.  it reminds me of sid meiers railroad.  just needs more content.  likemore modes.
,Recommended,271240,22890280,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Machismo01,"This is a really good game. It is an RTS but with really no units to speak of. It is an economic sim like Anno but with greatly streamlined gameplay. It is a multiplayer game with an incredibly strong single-player campaign with progressive unlocks.It is by the lead designer of Civ4, and it shows. It is all about fun with incredible depth beneath it on every facet. Also the music is incredible. It's by Christopher Tin. You know that awesome song in Civilization 4 (Babu Yetu, which is Swahili for Out Father)? He did that. He does it again here. It feels somber as you enter in. It is tense as the game roles with his music. It ties together nicely.I played it under early access, but it is so, so much better now."
,Recommended,271240,17348352,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Matt Withoos (Lassaris),"Plays a bit like a real-time board game. Has a very futuristic-styled Monopoly feel to it. Once you play a few games, it becomes a little repetitive - there doesn't seem to be a lot of depth yet, but it is alpha.Games are very fast. Would be better if you could have longer games that aren't ended so quickly by buying out companies. Instead of this system, players/AI should self-elect to sell their shares, or be forced to when they're in debt because of another player's monopoly. This way, there will eventually be an end, but at least it won't be 5 minutes into the game where another computer player suddenly owns 5 companies, leaving it pretty pointless to continue playing."
,Recommended,271240,22830825,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,quikchaos,"Of ALL the strategy games I have played over the years, this one takes the cake, in one word.S A T I S F Y I N GEasy to pick up, excellent tutorial and practice system.But many hours will be needed to master, and I plan on putting in that time..."
,Recommended,271240,22697639,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,emechau,"Awesome multi-player stratgy Game. Perfect game lwngth, easy to learn huge replayability. Single player is fun too if you competive tycoon managment. Recommended highly."
,Recommended,271240,22833130,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Estrellita,"Do you like playing Starcraft (non-compaign) solo?Do you dislike having to manage units for fighting?Do you love gaming in-game markets and utilizing time-management?If yes, I recommend this game for you!"
,Not Recommended,271240,30519448,Posted: 14 March,all,Komplex,"I really enjoyed this game, however its VERY short. I've replayed the campaign twice and I still only have 7 hours into it. I know there is DLC for the game, but I've hesitated in buying it as the main game was so short. I'm torn about giving this a thumbs down because its a great game, but game devs need to provide atleast $1 per hour of gameplay for me to be satisfied with my purchase."
76561198021401339,Recommended,271240,23422733,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,HERTSAGIG,"When i first played this game it was only for a few hours but I didn't quite get the hang of it. I saw one of the developers streaming  sometime later so I gave it another crack... next minute I am up at 4 in the morning still trying to beat the medium AI. Basically once you get into it, you realise the game has many different subtleties you can use to get the upper hand. Even the basic strategy of buy low sell high won't get you past the medium AI, thats both a testament to the skill of the AI but also the depth of strategy required to excel at the game. If you are a fan of RTS's I would definetly recommend checking this game out even if its just for a change of flavour."
,Recommended,271240,31657853,Posted: 9 May,all,Findarato,Take a classic RTS and remove all combat. It becomes more about strategy and fun.I would recommend this to any one who likes RTS games.
76561198001436773,Recommended,271240,31675577,Posted: 10 May,all,WMD,For $10 its totally worth it. That is if you like to build and make money! no FPS here.
,Recommended,271240,31889619,Posted: 21 May,all,benubird,"If you've ever found youreself playing an RTS and thinking, this would be a lot more fun if they didn't keep blowing up my base... here's your answer! A real time strategy game without the combat, just pure base building - competing with your opponents to build the biggest, best, most profitable base you can. And then buying them out!I cannot recommend this highly enough. For those of us who prefer to build than to destroy, this is a dream come true. It's all about balancing resources, building up your production engine.Interestingly, a full game only takes 20-40 minutes, which was a surprise as it felt like a much longer game. In a good way though - the same feeling of satisfaction I get from a day long game of Civilization, in under an hour? Awesome."
,Recommended,271240,31655535,Posted: 9 May,all,CrazyBFG,"The problem with games going on sale is the amount of people who will buy the game before realizing what it is. This game is not space civ, it is an economic RTS game, and a great one at that."
76561198020486033,Recommended,271240,23123221,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,rurata83,"This is a nice game for everyone who played Civilization and tried to go a non-military route, but ended up being forced into military anyway. The gameplay is interesting, and trying to figure out the right strategy for the map is fun. The learning curve seems to be a little steep though, so it might not be the right game for people looking for something quick to pick up and just try out. I have a little over 9 hours played, but still having trouble with the manager level tutorial, which is the default AI difficulty."
76561197968383486,Recommended,271240,22710942,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,AlphaOne,Whow. Really nice RTS without huge armies. Basically just Base building (done right).
,Recommended,271240,32839660,Posted: 26 June,all,PresidentJ,Great fast paced game which the fun imho favors multiplayer.  You play against each other in a simulated economy where you harvest raw materials and build industries and attempt to accumulate enough money quickly to purchase your enemy players before they purchase you.  Only downside is it can sometimes take a bit to get a match (but you can play against AI while you wait.)
76561198067486869,Recommended,271240,32703102,Posted: 23 June,all,gabrieljenkins0,"This is a very fun math and economy centered game. Its more than just an RTS, and i had alot of fun learning to play with true strategy versus amassing an army of tanks and dominating the battlefield."
76561198043642780,Recommended,271240,35184405,Posted: 24 September,all,Seeka,"This game is friggin great. Requires high attention to detail, quick thinking, the ability to improvise. It's a real brainy game, good for anyone with an analytical and/or hyperactive mind. Friggin brilliant - and something really original in the RTS genre."
76561197979388601,Recommended,271240,14609285,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Nobody,"Great game with lots of potential, it is most certainly something that will be something in the future, whether or not to buy it is the question though, the price is pretty steep for the amount of content currently available so if you are not in a dire need to play it ""RIGHT NOW!!!"" i suggest you wait until you can get it a cheaper price, or just wait till more content comes out and it seems worth it for you.But for me? i don't regret buying it for a secound, it's a great and unique game and I'm gonna play tons of it!"
76561198020761420,Recommended,271240,22698634,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Clark Kent,"Up with prices! Down with production distance! My fellow Martians, as a young economist, I dreamed of being a M.U.L.E., but tonight I say we must patent forward, not backward, upward, not forward, and always twirling, twirling, TWIRLING towards buyouts!"
76561197987744283,Recommended,271240,21938819,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,GnomishLich,Denying Water and Food to those who need it was never more fun or profitable
,Recommended,271240,14473476,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rev1k,Scratches every a very hard to reach itch. Very well pollished. Only a few gripes but most are just balance related which I'm certain will be addressed throughout early access!
76561197961076890,Recommended,271240,14473462,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Radical Edward,Great strategy game. Although it is early Alpha I found myself putting in almost 12 hours in the first day of owning it. After a while I got the hang of it and was organizing hostile takeovers in no time. What is there is pretty solid for the current game state and is sure to get deeper. I have found a few bugs here and there but the game only was release two days ago. So far I am very impressed and will update my review as content arises.
76561198094090845,Not Recommended,271240,32962976,Posted: 28 June,all,Grunt3d,"Good game but 15$/€ for a DLC ? It's a joke ?If the DLC is at the exact same price as the base game+DLC, it just means that the studio is more intested to attract new customers than keeping the current ones. At least, it's what your old customer will think and that's what matters at the end. Or maybe not. Maybe the studio takes us for granted. Guess what, game over for you guys.Pretty ironic for ""economic staregty game"" =)"
,Recommended,271240,14475287,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[LOG] Kell,"very fun game, it took me about 15 or 20 minutes to completely understand, and the tutorial could be a bit more helpful. even so, once i got the hang of it, Offworld Trading Company is still a really fun game to play."
76561198019007802,Recommended,271240,19438827,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ultron,"I really enjoy this game. I like the difficulty and how many things I need to look after in game to win a match. I got the game in a good sale offer, but the basic prise for this game I feel still to high."
,Recommended,271240,14471695,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Molin,Rage simulator 201510/10Oh your an expansive colony? How about ony one water source on the whole map and the Robotic AI puts his base right on it.
76561198152658391,Not Recommended,271240,14473148,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mr de Sébastien,"This is an interesting game. The fact that it is non violent is a clear plus. The economic twist to it is a plus too. But considering its current state it is overpriced and the 10% discount is a joke. I would recomment buying at 15-20€ even for an early access (shouldn't early access games be cheaper than finished ones ?)The main con I find to it that the graphics are really slow (or it requires a graphic card too powerful) especialy when one considers the quality of the graphics of the buildings.Oh, sorry, the first con is actually the fact that you cannot scroll on the map and there is no minimap. You use the keyboard to move. Or maybe I missed something which could be included in the absent documentation.The second/third con is the lack of diversity for the decor. The maps are diverse with regards to the resources, but the red mars tend to be a bit boring on the long run.If you can overcome these issues, the game actually turns out to be... ok (I din't say great or anything similar). It really is about trading so you can afford to loose money on cheap resources that you don't produce as long as you earn more on expensive resources that you produce.The number of tiles (aka buildings) that you can build is very limited so you should be careful about how you use them and how you place them. You can scrap a building to build another but only at the same place.Finally, once you've built the offworld market you've more or less won. This is how I won the scientific scenario that some others claim to be unfeasible. By the way, I won all the tutorials without using the engineering. I still don't know what it does but it does not seem very useful so far.One should also note that this a rather fast paced game especially at the beginning (or maybe it is just the game lagging that prevents you from playing fast enough).I haven't done the multiplayer part yet. Hopefully, this will be intersting."
76561198061672886,Recommended,271240,15803969,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Bazzek,"Rather addicting, no bugs found yet. Challenge if you play the daily, seems to scale okay in standard skirmish levels. Only one downside in the beta 2, it starts to feel that there is only 1 ""sollution"" per map. Could be wrong, only played 10 hours (33 games) up til now"
76561197994190576,Recommended,271240,25411935,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Malefice,"I would recommend this game with a caveat.I really liked the look of this game and I generally like tycoon style games so I thought I'd love this, but sadly I don't that much. I enjoyed the tutorial because it felt like a story, but once I got into the campaign it lost the story feel for me and felt a bit dry.It's a very well crafted game and they have tried to give it some character with the different corporations you can play as, but ultimately you have to enjoy business style resource management with a tight time pressure.For me I prefer something with a slower pace so I can sit back and watch my little ships flying back and forth, and consider my next move."
76561198110153497,Recommended,271240,15312988,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Maverick Eman,Very nice game i would recommend it but maybe watch some youtube videos on it before you buy it tho.
76561198094365093,Recommended,271240,24025080,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kaushal Shetty,"You can detonate underground nukes, disable buildings with EMPs, bribe UN Planetary officials, unlease network viruses and power surges, hire space pirates to steal resources or hires thugs to protect yourself, launch rebellious mutinies or a workers strike.Not sure if it's a Martian Business Simulator or Martian Organized Crime Simulator.And as you can see, all these have caused steam to add the violence tag to this game.A great buy <from Steam Summer Sale>.Gonna go play as a Martian Robotic overlord now."
76561198135985059,Recommended,271240,22276606,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,putmetowork,"This game is very enjoyable to play. The graphics and animations of the buildings are really great, it has a good playability experience in general.The game is exensive, as I don´t really feel there is that much to do just yet in Early Access, but having spoken to one of the developers it is obvious that they really care about the game, so I am looking forwards to see what they add to it in the future.I found the game either very easy, or very slow on the extreme ends of the difficulty spectrum, so I would suggest you start off on a mid range setting. Also don´t expect the AI´s to all gang up on you, they work on an every man for himself basis,which is more realistic.I would perhaps wait for the game to be on discount if you are tight on money, but if you are working and have cash go for it at full price.The game is very accomplished graphically, and with some more voice over work in the future I feel the sound would be equally good.I don´t like the tutorial system in the game, I find the teacher characters annoying, but then who really likes tutorials in any game anyway.All in all I would give the game a 7 out of 10 in its current form, needing more content to make the game longer and bigger to score higher, but overall worth a look even if just for the cool animated buildings and atmosphere of the game.For the developers, here is what I would hope to see with this game in the future:- More buildings. It would be cool if you could have 12 or so more buildings. My recommendations would be: A Biodome (food), Shield Generator (black market defence, e.g. emp), Casino (pleasuredome clone), Landing Station (for importing materials or tourists), Gold/Diamond/Valuables mine (profit generation), variants of the existing buildings.- Larger maps, I feel the current map, even the large one is too small.- A sandbox mode without claims, where you can spread accross the map."
76561197961472434,Recommended,271240,22396922,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Binary Phinary,"I do very much enjoy Offworld Trading.  While Im not entirely familiar with all of the ins and outs of the game as of yet, the interface, concept and the way the game functions is a lot of fun, and satisfies my building and market based warfare itch.I have not played the multi-player as of yet, still on the single - but the capaign mode was quite fun and I expect they will continue to expand and develop on the game. The mechanics are sounds, and very fun to play."
76561197971490276,Recommended,271240,22072279,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Belesarius,"Read the game description and take them at their word. This game is not like Anno xxxx or Planetbase. This game plays like Starcraft or Command and Conquer. This is fast paced strategy, and when it comes right down to it, there's not much difference between matching your attack type to an enemy's defence type and sabotaging your enemy's chemical production right when you notice a lot of players building labs all at once. But the latter for me feels more grounded in plausibility and ends up more fun.The only criticism I could have for an economic version of this type of rts gameplay is that when you are defeated, it is with an instant cash buyout. There are many interesting routes to that situation being possible, but when it happens there isn't much warning and then bam- you're out of the game. I don't even really mind that so much, though. When you're about to lose Starcraft you have to preside of the death of all your soldiers. This game rips the bandage off quickly, and your company becomes a subsidiary. I presume most of your workers even get to keep their jobs.I play the crap out of the daily maps. I haven't won one yet. 9.6/10"
,Recommended,271240,31164405,Posted: 15 April,all,cemkalyoncu,"Quite good despite the mixed reviews as of recently. Gameplay is solid, you need to be aware of everything happening around you. You should be guessing the enemy tactics and counter them. Balancing the economy, taking risks and changing tactics is part of the game. Each game is short and quite fun. A bit expensive considering DLCs are abundant and sort of necessary."
76561198064918472,Recommended,271240,28515272,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Maxmillion,"Good game that emulates market strategy superbly. Succes, though hard to achieve, is won of the greatest feelings this game can produce. The strategy is complex and you WILL lose a lot. Playing in skirmish mode allows you to hit the reset button for the same exact map seed as many times as you need to win. Another great thing is the four factions in which to choose from. They add a plethora of playing styles and ways to win. Lastly the A.I. is tough, tough enough to kick my♥♥♥♥♥on medium diffuclty with my 32 hours of play time. To some it up, this game is deep in strategy, complex in difficulty, and incredbly fun in succes."
,Recommended,271240,28496638,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,StrykerNoStriking,"I've had this game since it was in beta, and was the first game I ever streamed on Twitch. Even when its graphics, characters, and music were sketchy as hell, the core gameplay was enticing enough for me to spend HOURS learning how to read the stock market, fake out other players, and understand how I lost.This isn't Civ. This isn't a turn-based strategy or another RPG (both of which are my more usual fare). It's a game that's like... like chess with the stock market on Mars. There are a limited number of moves/buildings/resources and only one way to win--but infinite strategies to get there.If you like chess-on-steroids while you're competing against the clock, you'll love this. If you're looking for a narrative or something closer to Civ, go elsewhere--but keep this in your library when you're ready to stretch your brain a bit."
,Recommended,271240,31266754,Posted: 20 April,all,Littlejon_LJ,"This game is fun, challenging, and rewarding, even when you lose. Its kinda fun to see how much you're worth to someone else after you lose a close match. Most matches run about half an hour, sometimes more, sometimes less. The whole game is about market manipulation until you can buy out your competitors, hostile-take-over style. Which makes agressive actions almost a necessity. I once bought a guy out because he was relentlesly attacking me. I had to liquidate EVERYTHING to do it. I was saving to go after the bigger fish because he was already moving on my expensive stock. But once I secured my safety, and no longer losing my money makers, I was able to restock while the market recovered from my stockpile dump, Which allowed me completely dominate the market the rest of the match. But that moment of indecisiveness almost cost me, and Ive lost to that same move before.The action is there, and this game rewards you for clever thinking, but sometimes you gotta earn that win, they wont always hand it to you."
,Recommended,271240,22870170,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,James Freeman,"Extremely well designed game.Excellent gameplay, which varies hugely every game.Wonderful art design and animations, many small details.Great to play multiplayer and singleplayer."
76561197992548139,Recommended,271240,22815606,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Terhonator,"I recommend this game for everyone who like economy / strategy sandbox games. You can pause game anytime in singleplayer mode so you dont have to be fast if you dont want to. Buy this game if you like games such as Capitalism2, Tropico4 or Civilication5.9 / 10"
,Recommended,271240,30011403,Posted: 18 February,all,Guybrush,"not your usual RTS, dont buy this with the idea of fighting a conventional war for resources, this baby right here is strictly pure economic warfare with a little help from less than reputable characters. It's definitely worth a play, I haven't tried the DLCs yet so i have no idea if its actually worth it but it does strike me as a bit early for this game to have so much dlc. The writing and art style are similar to Red Alert 3 in terms of cartoony heavy inked rendering, the writing is good though and makes the game feel way less serious than it can become in a skirmish. For the sale price of 14 bucks definitely a decent game but i feel its got a bit ways to go in terms of content before the full price matches the gameplay."
76561198076321907,Recommended,271240,29046166,Posted: 5 January,all,RockyPyroad,"Offworld Trading Company is an incredibly unique real-time strategy game that has quickly become my go-to for the genre. This game takes one aspect seen in many games, the economic system, and makes that the central focus of the experience. While I have fond memories of razing cities with barbarians in Age of Empires and throwing Zerg into Terran bunkers in Starcraft, nothing I've experienced is quite like buying out an opposing corporation after sabotaging all of their efforts to stop me. If you love real-time strategy games, you should give OTC a chance whenever it goes on sale."
76561198103886483,Recommended,271240,25290678,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Misc1444,"Amazing game. Built on a quirky, incredibly unique concept and brilliantly executed. Wonderful economic simulation that is easy to learn but very difficult to master. High replayability as every game will be different depending on the availability of resources and price movements driven by the actions of other players. Mainly designed for multiplayer but works really well in single player as well.To avoid disappointment, note that this is NOT a city-builder (e.g. Sim City) where you would spend many hours developing your city, but a quick-paced, tactical, competitive game."
76561197970665949,Recommended,271240,24149950,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DrReaper,A sci fi econmics game. I am hooked. Don't think there isn't any war in this game. You still get to mess with the other players quite a lot if your into the black market. If the black market isn't available it's becase you have too much debt. I like the ballance and the fact no two games are the same. However they can be the same if you want.The AI is a challange to beat. Real players even more so. After finishing the tutorial I would suggest playing single player skirmish games starting with the weakest AI and boosting the AI up each time until you lose a game.I can see this game becoming a time sink. Be sure to get your stuff done BEFORE booting this one.
76561198054022818,Recommended,271240,29103999,Posted: 7 January,all,L3V147H4N,"Just bought this game yesterday and I JUST CANT STOP PLAYING :)I saw this game when it released and it never did attracted me very much, but I decided to try it out and it turns out is very adictive.The economic aspects of the game are very well achieved, it managed to involve very complex things about market fluctuations, accumulating debt and generating resources (along side with some criminal choises) in a way that is quite straight forward and VERY FUN.The game is very hectic! it keeps you on your toes the whole time and making fast decisions that would make you win or lose your session.I believe this is the first and only game of this genre that is actually very fun, is not easy to teach about economics in a game and do it so gracefullySEAL of Approval"
,Recommended,271240,22735928,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,OpHeroList,"Pretty good cutthroat economy based real time strategy game. Just released yesterday and due for some user experience improvements. Takes some trial and error (games played) to build the experience to make sense of what works. Hint: Keep an eye on what other players are doing, esp when they're outclassing you in stock price throughout the game. That will help you figure out what is working and why. Solid game. Playing it a bunch."
76561197970866188,Not Recommended,271240,31660315,Posted: 9 May,all,The Maddog,"The games not worth £30 and for that reason I can not recommend it. Even if the DLC was included it still wouldnt be worth £30.I picked the game up (after seeing it in early access) in the recent sale with all (current) DLC for £15 and whilst I admit it's ok to play in short bursts, there's little to no depth to the game. All the maps look the same more or less (it is the surface of Mars or Ceres after all), there's only a small amount of various resoruces to manage / harvest (which can be streamlined even more depending on which of the 4 companies you choose to play as) and gameplay boils down to who can ""buy the most shares"" the quickest.  I've yet to have any game last more than 10 mins. The campaign is just repeat, repeat, repeat with various aspects of the game turned on or off.Don't let the name drop of ""Soren Johnson from Civ IV"" fool you either. It's only like CivIV in the loosest of terms.There are better more in depth games (in the same genre) for less money on Steam and the DLC is just there to fool you into trying to pad out a very empty game.  If the game and DLC is £15 or less...probably worth owning. At it's current price, it's not.Take heed Mohawk Games. I've enjoyed your previous offerings but I wont be inclined to buy any future titles due to how badly you've carved this game up."
,Recommended,271240,35253970,Posted: 27 September,all,Lit,"A market-based producing and trading RTS that feels alot like chess. Theres 4 races to choose from which each are very unique playstyles from each other. Their differences from each other are much more like the races in Starcraft rather than between civilizations in Civ, forcing you to practice and learn each because maps are random and you wont know which race to choose until you see it. I find it fun to play match after match, experimenting and getting better each time."
76561198042885238,Recommended,271240,28454545,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,LukewarmBeans,"Most Rts's include smashing other players' bases with armies, troops, or maybe spacecrafts. Offworld Trading Company, however, is unique. Your goal is to beat others economically, which really can require some strategy. I really do recommend this game, it's quite fun. Just remember to buy it on sale. I personally don't think this game is worth quite $40, but if it's on sale for like $30 or less, then yes, it's worth it. Be warned that there aren't that many multiplayer games up typically."
,Recommended,271240,16816256,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,motstandet,"A deceptively fast-paced economic, base-building strategy game with no military units.Offworld plays very well in a FFA environment, and I enjoy 6- and 8-player games regularly. It keeps you on your toes as players react to changing prices, trying to make profits. You need to be constantly asking yourself, ""what resources are the other players neglecting?""It can become quite frenzied in the end game as you buy up a couple other players and suddenly you need to manage ~60 structures, trying to gain cash faster than your rivals, who are trying to buy out your company.Trash those Glass Furnaces, drop down Reactors, research Oxygen production because it's selling for 60k offworld. Your rival has more Offworld Markets; better sabotage his shipments or oxygen production...Every game is different with randomized maps and resource distributions. Black Market (aggressive abilities and other utilities) is also switched up. There isn't really a build order; need to look at the map and the other colonies to figure out the best overall plan, which will definitely change several times during the 20 min game.It's fun."
,Recommended,271240,25010530,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Switzerland Sam,"A nice little change from the other strategy games, which depend on your army demolish your enemies base and kill their soldiers. There are mulitple strategies for winning and some are a bit more risky but therefore more rewarding in the end.This game is best played with friends, but be aware that you may hate each other after a few maches. The game allows you to sabotage your ""friends"" on different levels and buy their shares.9/11 WOULD TAKE OVER ENEMIES BASE AGAIN"
76561198087303964,Recommended,271240,16532090,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Flitch,"very fun game with great potential however its a bit bare and broken- not really worth full price but definetly worth it if theres a sale-stocks are a bit too easy to buy and as soon as someone else has bought out the stocks of another company, your as good as dead-AI are pretty broken - they are either♥♥♥♥♥♥or ridiculously goodother than that its a great looking game with nice mechanics and is very fun to play with friends8/10"
76561198006543535,Recommended,271240,16532968,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,El Guapo,"4x strategy without combat and Stephen Hawking doing the voice-over!Graphics serve their purpose, the interface is sharp and controls in general feel very polished. This looks and feels like Civilization 5. Just do yourself one favour: turn off both the music and the sound effects.It's a business game that offers a lot of macro economic goodness. Supply and demand at its core, resource shortage, bottlenecks, dirty tactics.This game offers the best a.i. I've ever seen and it's still far from finished. The a.i. doesn't cheat on low to medium difficulty settings and it still gives me a tough fight for my money.I'll give you an example what the a.i. did to me:I was totally reliant on my next two steel shipments. The a.i. evaluated my situation, hired pirates and intercepted those vital steel shipments. I went bankrupt because I was used to games offering poor a.i.. I was aware of the bottleneck in my supply chain. Hell, I'm even writing a paper on supply chain management RIGHT NOW! And the a.i. was set on the 3rd of 8 difficulty levels! This should have been a walk in the park.Well, I learned from it. After 3 hours of playing I'm pistol-whipping this little ******. I own the a.i. (on level 3 of 8). Now it's time to be a man and face it at 50% of its might. :DThe price:I got it on 50% summer sale. For 19 quid it offers fantastic value. I would go as high as 30. Wouldn't pay 40 though just yet. It's too steep for an early access game. Wait for a decent sale and get it if you enjoy economic games.The con:There's only one problem with the game and unfortunately it's a major one: the performance is sub par. The game is rather cpu-heavy. I got a decent system (i5-4660, gtx 960, 8 gb ram) which is way above min reqs. The cpu seems to be the bottleneck and it shouldn't be really. It's just a matter of poor programming (no multi-core support maybe?).-----------------------------------------Update: As of beta 4 the performance has improved significantly and is actually pretty good now.Update: The game is in beta 5 by now. Many improvements again. Farther zoom level, balance, more campaign features etc.Having played it for 45 hours now in total, I can easily recommend it. Still not burned out on it in any way.rating: 9/10"
76561198065089822,Recommended,271240,29911573,Posted: 13 February,all,fakeace,"This is a really fun game, has loads of replayability!!Pros:-Great art style-Interesting music-Tons of replayability-Unqiue factions to play as (somewhat asymmetic)Cons:- low multiplayer numbers"
76561197965220783,Recommended,271240,14501210,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,merc,"i recommend this game. it is different from every other rts game right now. there is a learning curve,  as once the game starts it's pretty fast and furious. the plus is that on single player, you can pause it and slow down the game play and learn it. for instance when you need a resource that is not easily available or obtainable, you can develop a plan to obtain more, then resume play.This game is meant to be multiplayer! Solo is ok against the AI, but play it multiplayer and you will be hookedit's nice as the games aren't civilization length and the gameplay is pretty straightfoward and bug free. it is pricy at 35.00 + but when you figure games like dayz that are in the same cost neighborhood and are bug ridden and have horrible game play. this is a slam dunk. it shows that they did the right thing and developed it to a good point before releasing it on EA. I expect to put alot of hours on this.thanks Mohawksmooth gameplay, fun and highly recommended"
76561198031112027,Recommended,271240,23440519,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,tylersteed,"I got this game after hearing about it on Reddit and im very happy I did. It's rare to find a game that elicits that ""just-one-more-turn"" addiction that the civilization games do for me and it gives me some nostalgia for an old school game by the name of Outpost 2. Would highly recommend."
76561198041165169,Recommended,271240,24646698,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,crystall666,good game playeverything it says it isno 2 games play the sameneed to be adaptive to your surroundingsbit more help from the tutorial compared with the real game would be goodthe skirmish is much harder than the other modeslike the multplayerhaven't played many of the daily challengesgood if you want a game thatt evolves
,Recommended,271240,26025167,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,HAFBeast,A very cool game. Make resources that are in demand to make money and buy out your opponents. Definitely check it out.
76561198055208055,Not Recommended,271240,31708246,Posted: 12 May,all,matrix47,"This game is buggy and crashes a lot. Very frustrating, given there are no saves in the game.I created a support ticket with their system, will update the review if this gets resolved.Also, another unrelevant bug report was never addressed:https://forums.stardock.com/477392/page/1/#3655086"
76561197971887096,Not Recommended,271240,14498250,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,El Rey,Not worth the money. Way to short gametime! No way you can keep playing. It is a shame because the gameplay is good.
,Recommended,271240,22743739,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Fappinho,"I don't know where to start... well, if you like RTS games, strategy and economy games, than this is the game for you! I played Civilization IV and V, and I can easily say that this game has future, as well as the Civilization Series have. The singleplayer mode is a bit boring after a few matches at the same day. Let's make Mars great once again!There's only 1 problem:The priceIs it worth 40$?If you like RTS and strategy games, than yes."
,Recommended,271240,22754157,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Uncle,Great game if you're a fan of capitalism games.
,Recommended,271240,31877326,Posted: 21 May,all,ShawnMcCool,"I can't stop playing it. It's incredibly fun and weirdly.. I don't feel stressed playing multiplayer.. It seems like the other human players just provide ""AI"" for me to play against. I don't mind losing.Most importantly... Each individual player can be on a different difficulty setting. So, despite the fact that I'm more obsessed with this game than my friends.. We can still play at similar levels."
,Not Recommended,271240,14576681,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,2YA,Don't buy it at this price for Early Access. Content available is not worth the price.
,Not Recommended,271240,26044226,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"Offworld Trading Company plays like a bizarre cross between an RTS and a board game.  If you were to take the core mechanics and fashion them into a board game, you'd have a pretty good game.  But this?  It's not very good at all in my opinion.  The fact that the game plays out in real time doesn't mesh well with the game mechanics, and the UI is dreadful.  The tutorials are kind of odd, definitely too long, and they don't really teach you how to play the game.  It isn't difficult to understand how to play, but since there is no manual and this is a strategy game, it would have been nice to have tutorials that didn't suck.Though the time I spent playing this game was brief, it was unpleasant and I cannot recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,271240,31895354,Posted: 21 May,all,Timkat1994,"Entertaining for a few hours, but not something I'll be seeing myself playing a year down the road. Content is minimal and much of it (which should have been base game) has been chopped up and packaged as DLC."
76561197982630533,Not Recommended,271240,14496079,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Stromko,"Not sure why I bought this.So you know how some RTS games with an economy focus let you sell off spare resources to get other stuff you need? It's basically that game, except you win by selling enough resources to buy out your opponents. There isn't any reason to build an economy beyond that goal. As a free-market capitalism tutorial I guess it's educational, but it probably would have made a better board game than a videogame.As for the state of the alpha right now, balance is pretty wonky, such as lower-valued companies can easily and unpreventably buy out more valuable competitors off the back of a single off-world shipment plus a little commodity selling, and the framerate is both unlocked and badly optimized enough that my computer tries to melt a hole in the floor just on the main menu.The game has ran stably for me but I don't know how they're going to bulk out the gameplay to make this an interesting thing to play. It is tuned so the commodity production and everything else can be done very quickly, so twitch plays a factor and you can't play this with anything but undivided attention, which is unfortunate since I find it quite boring. If it were slower paced and less hectic I could at least listen to a podcast or something while I played."
76561198182529135,Recommended,271240,25140742,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,LankyGiraffe,"I've just completed the intros to the game, all of which were interesting and well balanced gameplay. I'm liking it so far, it has some real potential, I love the semi-dystopic feel of a ultra capitalist society that runs through it too."
76561197993910984,Recommended,271240,25988848,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Merky1,"It's a wierd combination of MULE and oldschool Civ, in smaller, 30 minute chunks.  I'm sure if I work harder / get smarter games will go longer at higher difficulty, but for now it scratches a huge missing itch I had."
76561198000784586,Recommended,271240,23054270,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Pangmaster,"Offword Trading Company is a fun game, but I will say that once you learn the mechanics, it's more like playing Plants vs Zombies.  The game is very fast so it's only good for quick satisfaction.  Don't expect a civilization epic game experience.  But still fun for what it is."
,Recommended,271240,14602053,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Username1,"Early Access ReviewIn his current state it´s hard to write an effective review but the game has true potential.The concept is easy and at the same time complex, you have two different modes of game, Quick Play and Campgain, and until now I managed to fully understand the standart game. You start with anunrevealed mapand you have X scans(you will receive more over the time) to use and scan for resources, after you´re first scans you will definetly find some resources and the call is yoursShould I place my HQ here or do I keep scannig for(maybe) a better place? Of course that these depends on the type of HQ you will play with. The 4 HQ´s are Expansionists,Robotics, Scavengers and Scientifics and each one of these have a distinct way of operating. Once you place your HQ it´s time to put down your buildings, but chose carefullybecause you have a limit and you have to place them in a way where you won´t be in a HUGE debt right at the begining of the game. After you spend all the claims you willprobably want more and you need to upgrade you HQ. It takes some resources so be careful! After all these steps it´s time to make the ""big ones"" and try to ""buy"" youropponents, and make sure that you are not bought otherwise its Game Over for you.You can always use some dirty tricks to slow down your opponents or really just wreck them,it´s called Black Market and you want to use it for sure!The multiplayer is amazing(no problems until now) and for those who like ""tension"" this is the perfect game. Always be careful and never try to be the owner of every resourceor you´re gonna get: (nuke/EMP/dynamite/many others)ed and believe me you do not want to be that guy on the match.And thats pretty much the concept, of course that it´s not fully explored or working perfectly and that´s why it is an Early Access game.General:Now:7/10When released:8.5/10 or (hopefully) 9/10"
76561198089554340,Recommended,271240,14458089,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dancingbogman,"Offworld Trading Company is unique. It has game rules that you won't find in any other PC game. These rules are easy enough to pick up because the UI lets you know what the effects of your actions are immediately. From these simple enough rules a fantastically intricate, deep, and constantly evolving game emerges. I know I'm gushing but I can't help it because my mind is blown by the magnificance of this game."
,Recommended,271240,14441625,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Chris the Gun Guy,"This game was definitely worth my timeIt's fun and challenging, and the campaign mode really adds the layer of depth to merit its otherwise hefty price tag. My main issue is that the games don't last longer. I pictured the game being more of a drawn-out management game like Civ, rather than the relatively short gameplay sessions (which are still totally awesome by the way). Also, the 'voice acting' when important events are triggered makes me want to drive screwdrivers into my ears -- just a small complaint.Overall, it's relatively polished, and stands out from other early access games due to its potential as a new franchise."
76561198266984647,Recommended,271240,24817126,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Damitcarl,"One of a kind in originality and a great game that is difficult to master. It has a great friendly community full of people willing to teach new players. There are monthly newbie tournaments that are hosted and posted to Youtube by Zoltar, as well as regular tournaments for the experienced players."
,Not Recommended,271240,26225887,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,xsmasher,"I like hexes and supply lines; this has hexes and supply lines. Only kept me interested for one weekend though. The story is nonexistent, and the game has a steep learning curve (playing is easy, but you can get crushed by an opponent and not have a clear picture why.)I'm going back to playing 1401 instead."
,Not Recommended,271240,23895200,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Eadan,"The tutorial isn't enough to familiarize you with the game. As someone who has no idea how stocks or economics work, I would prefer if the tutorial explained things like I am 5. If you aren't particulary interested in economy simulations, this game may not be for you."
76561198087723009,Not Recommended,271240,14577675,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,GLutONgladiator,"I understand how this game could be fun to people, but the AI in the game needs A LOT of work. Main problem, they know everything! Yes, you could argue that they have difficulty settings for that reason but the problem is, any way you slice it, the AI knows how to win the game and it knows every last feature, loop hole and method to winning in the game. Unfortunatly for me and anyone else who plays, WE ARE NOT FINANCIAL PLANNERS! If the AI can COMPLETELY overshaddow me in funds when I put it on INTERN difficulty! I have no clue how! Maybe I need more work, but in the little time I've played, I beat the tutorials like a normal game should be beaten. when I clicked quick match, I was annhialated. Maybe I suck with money? I don't know.Long story short, I don't think that this game is worth $40 at the moment. Hey, early access games aren't normally good anyway- with the exception of Starbound -but my advice to anyone thinking about buying, wait a bit."
,Not Recommended,271240,31371849,Posted: 26 April,all,Kensei,"It's clear to me that just like in the game, the developer's goal is to rake in the profits.Game is not worth it's asking price, especially when things like difficulty is a DLC. Even the map editor is a DLC. But let's forget about that for a second, after all, the quality of a game isn't defined by it's studio's greedy practices.So is OTC a good game? Well, it's average. You play as a CEO of a company, and your job is to setup a production pipeline on Mars. Along the way you'll have to compete with rival companies, and should you win, you basically monopolize Mars. Sounds pretty cool on paper, but in reality it's underwhelming.Some people might say there's a deep tactical aspect, but that is a lie. The company mechanics will dictate your playstyle, and it won't be long untill you figure out that there is only ONE playstyle, and that's the intended one. Robots pump out power, Scavangers can build with ductape and gum, Expansive can, well, expand faster, and Science are nerds that think they can do things better by skipping resource mining, when in reality they are gimped.The way this works is that every ""race"" has their strengths in different stages of the game, scavengers take the early, bots take the mid, expansive take late, and science take endgame. Obviously depending on the map and resource availability, this changes depending on the player. Unfortunately that's as far as the depth of this game can take you.At the end of the day, every game plays, and ends, the same way. Even after buying some DLC's (things that should be features of the base game) that added some variety to the game, it was hardly engaging. A lack of units hurts the gameplay, at times forcing you to sit and wait, even if you max out the play speed. The endgame is another thing that never changes, eventually the local market gets saturated by all the companies producing pretty much everything, requiring you to build some rockets and export your stuff offworld.Whoever buys the most shares at a colony/oposing company, be it by building modules, fullfilling wholesale orders, or by burying your competition in debt, wins the game. Along the way you can utilize some special ""skills"" which will cost you depending on how often it's used. The price of these skills is shared between players, so if everybody decides to nuke each other's resources pools, the price will skyrocket pretty fast. This is probably the first game that made a NUKE, boring. Like everything, these skills are mostly underwhelming, so don't expect to be blasting things to bits, or building an army. Your one and only weapon is the market, and while certainly a capable and formidable weapon, it's not enough to hold this game against other, more fairly priced and more feature packed products.So ultimately, is the game FUN? That's after all, what counts. Assuming you don't buy any DLC's, you'll have it all figured out in about 4-5 hours of gameplay. It'll take you about 6-7 with the DLCs. After that, it's rinse and repeat. The rest depends on how much endurance you have for the same thing over and over again.I really gave this game a chance, went as far as looking up some of the more intricate mechanics, trying out all the races, in all 3 campaign modes. Unfortunately, as unique this game is, it's also as uniquely boring, at least for me. If you get suckered into buying it based on the thousands of positive reviews, you'll only have yourself to blame when you get disappointed.People are having difficulty distinguishing between unique that is new, and unique that is entertaining."
,Recommended,271240,23553501,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,The Faceless Man,Absolutely amazing game. It gets very intense especially when you see the opposition's stock price rising. If you do not set yourself on a good foundation early in the game you will regret it later on. Amazing game I am addicted to it.
,Not Recommended,271240,26086777,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Kim Jong-un,"I really thought I was going to love this game, and I did, during the first couple of tutorial missions. I thought to myself ""wow, this is amazing! I can't wait to colonize Mars! I'm going to spend hours and hours spreading across the planet!""Sadly, after the first couple of tutorials they start introducing mechanics that make the game less fun. Once you really get into the game, you're no longer focused on colonizing, because you get an extremely limited amount of buildings. Once they're built, you need to watch a little stock ticker and sell off your spare resources. You can't do it all at once though, because selling dips the price, so you need to pause the game every 30 seconds or so to do it. It gets really tedious.There's a goofy stock mechanic where you dump all of your extra money into your own stock (which doesn't seem to do much because people can and will still buy you out) and other people's stock, where you buy them out. If you get bought out (which can happen with no warning if you're not paying attention) it's instant game over.This is a well made game and I'm sure lots of people will find it's what they're interested in playing, but a 30 minute game of micromanaging silicon prices isn't what I want to play. Maybe that's my fault for not looking into what this was more thoroughly, but I can't think of anyone I would recommend this to.Weak thumbs down. Sorry game."
76561198025147893,Not Recommended,271240,32379307,Posted: 12 June,all,phreakinowski,"I wanted to like this game, and if it evolves fiurther maybe I will.  I don't hate it, but I played 1 playthru of 4 hours and have not had any real interest in returning to it.  It's just not quite what I wanted it to be as a primarily solo player.  I expect that those that prefer playing against one another in a Starcraft style will quite enjoy it, but I guess I wanted more of a real 4X feel and it just does not satisfy that urge in it's current form.  I mean the numbers don't lie.  I bought the game , played about 4 hours and have not played since.  Meanwhile a few days later I bought Factorio and have put in nearly 100 hours already.  They both cost the same, but where I want more Factorio all the time, I am just ""meh"" about OTC.  I think I just wish I could play a longer game with more depth and evolution to it."
76561197984121598,Not Recommended,271240,14487833,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Duffle,tutorials are fun and feel like you are winning but then when you start a campaign you are just screwed. It's ruthless and events happen so slowly but then rapid fire that you find yourself bored then scrambling frustrated. It's still early access so I really hope the game balances out a better before full release.I wouldn't buy it until it comes out of early access.
76561198126067136,Not Recommended,271240,32458261,Posted: 15 June,all,LawFilth,"I don't think, I ever played a game with this much paid DLC. I can't decide whether this is a good thing or a bad thing. However, what comes with the paid DLC content tips me over the edge."
,Not Recommended,271240,31672980,Posted: 10 May,all,Decatsmeow,"Underwhelming. Certainly not worth the price. Plus, all of the stuff that could be used to patch the game up to make it more fun has been made into DLCs that you'll have to pay out the nose for. Its a joke.Don't buy!!!"
,Not Recommended,271240,26726452,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Aug,"Pretty disappointing.  The games are pretty short and there isn't a ton of variety in the gameplay, so I found myself getting bored pretty quickly.  There's not a lot in the way of direct conflict; most of the strategy involves trying to get a monopoly on certain goods so the pirce goes up and you're the only one selling.....  And that's how pretty much every game goes."
,Recommended,271240,22744632,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Transport Nut,"A thoroughly enjoyable and unexpectedly fast-paced trading and strategy gameI have only played through the tutorials and a few Skirmish games, but I can see myself getting hooked!"
76561198012030374,Not Recommended,271240,15780744,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheRealRufus,"Fun for a while, but then it quickly gets repetative and stops being fun."
76561198004309356,Not Recommended,271240,14468716,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Bender,"Its an alright looking game but it's not ready as the early access title describes. There is potential for a space based trading game but I feel that they limit themselves too much; Pirates are scarce, there are no ""aliens"" or life forms to disrupt resource mining, only one planet and the difficulty levels are too extreme for casual players. If you want a nice and relaxing game then this is not for you as rapid expansion and seizing of choice mining plots are essential to win with no room for error on the ""minimal"" difficulty setting. Oh and the other corps are constantly sabotaging you, kind of looses its novelty after the 40th time in a mission. This game is near impossible to win a single match which will turn casual players away. On the other hand if you like your @$$ handed to you multiple times and squeezing out a win then you are a sadist and this is the game for you!"
76561198066870364,Not Recommended,271240,14474172,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dante_DK,"If you like realtime business games you'll probably end up buying this game simply because there are so few alternatives. I wouldn't recommend though, at leat not before it's on sale for less then 15 euros.Gameplay is rather simple. Graphics are mediocre. Sound is repetetive.On the positive side it's remakably smooth for an early access game. But why applaud a released game for actually being finished, it should be. I'd say it's a finished game, without much depth, trying to give the impression ""more"" is on the way. That remains to be seen."
76561198021244149,Recommended,271240,23984027,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pangalactic,"What an absolutely fantastic game!The premise is very simple: you are on Mars, you have a company, and you can mine/produce various resources as well as buy and sell them. Your goal is to buy all  of your competitiors (like a real world market aquisiton, you need 51% of their shares to control them).And here is what makes this game so brilliant:1) You have complete freedom over what you do - there are no compulsory buildings or anything of that sort, you can choose any strategy and even change it on the fly (glass is becoming too cheap? Then destroy all your glass production faciliteis and build electronics factories instead), so there is never a set path and you are always engaged2) The free market that makes the game superdynamic. Let's say you've decided to produce chemicals and sell them on the market. But if everyone starts producing chemicals, then obviously there will be a surplus of them, the prices will go down and no one will be making any money! This makes you constantly think about what do you want to produce, what the competition are producing, what will be required in 5 minutes (if everyone will be upgrading and will need glass for it, but no one is producing it, then maybe you can do it right now - or simply buy it cheap now and sell at a much higher price later), and seek the most profitable endeavor on the market.3) The factions - there are four of them, and they all play very differently. For example, the Scavengers use no steel, but carbon instead for their buildings. So, if there is just a little bit of carbon on the map, then you can easily organize a carbon monopoly! Or, let's say you believe steel is going to be very expensive in the game - than you can take the Scavengers, and avoid the much higher costs of building that everyone else will have.All of them have their disctinct advantages and disadvantages, and you get to choose any of the four every game!4) The abilities - you can buy them of the black market, and oh boy can they mess up the production!The energy prices are high? EMP your opponent's solar panels, and he will have an insane debt from having to buy all the expenisve electricityThe Scavengers are doing very well? Underground nuke their carbon deposits, so that their productions falls almost two to three times and slow themm downThere are tons of abilities, and you can buy them as well as protection from them, and using them at the right moment can win you or lose the game5)And, of course, the tension - it lasts till the absolute end and always keeps you on the toes, and makes each game very fun and engaging.There are tons of other nuances and depth to the game, but you can find out most of it during your games, as this review would be way too long for it :)Overall, it a an extremely dynamic and fun strategy game, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone!"
76561197966775517,Recommended,271240,16688727,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Gustov,"Picked this game up during the summer sale and I have to say I'm very glad that I did.  This game is TOTALLY playable despite still being in Early Access.  The developers have created a great inter dependency of resources and how they're used and what they're used for and by whom that allows for a deep level of strategizing and planning ahead of time while hoping that someone else's plans don't come to fruition before yours.  This is not a game that's ruined by ""I made more tanks than you GG"" by any stretch.  I HIGHLY recommend this game in its current state!"
,Recommended,271240,22727072,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Patrick,"It looks like an RTS but plays closer to a real-time version of a board game, specifically, a worker placement game. Whereas worker placement games tend to fall under the Eurogame umbrella (i.e. boring abstract pieces of uninteractive garbage) Offworld Trading Company thankfully doesn't fall into that trap.You're on Mars to make mad dosh and prevent your fellow corporations from doing the same. The black market exists for you to fry their steel industry at key points with EMPs, to hire pirates to prey upon their shipping lines, and to cause energy blackouts.Every decision has heavy weight, especially the decision to spend claims, which is the game's territory system. You can't endlessly expand your borders like Civilization. Every time you upgrade your HQ you gain 4-5 tiles' worth of claims which you can then spend to create facilities on land. The level of long-term strategy is high here because you can't refund those claims; the most you can do is destroy the building, which may not even help you if you need a building with a different resource.I would recommend this to any strategy gamer who has grown bored of traditional manifestations of the genre. Don't forget to make lodse money!https://youtu.be/ON-7v4qnHP8"
,Recommended,271240,23595921,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MasterBlaster,"If the idea of an almost purely economical RTS ""battle"" appeals to you, then this is a game you definitely should own. However I feel like the 40 dollar price tag is too steep for what it is.First off, where this game really shines is multiplayer. Small battles, even just 1v1 with a friend, are really fun. Everything is about speed. The game is different from most traditional city builders. There's not a whole lot of ""city building"" going on. That is to say, the way that you decide to lay out your ""town"" is not overly important to the game. You can get certain bonuses for having some buildings next to others. For instance, placing any building next to another of the same type gives you a production bonus that is stackable, and buildings touching your HQ don't need fuel for transporting goods. Other than that, city design isn't a prominent aspect. Instead, the gameplay is all about speed. Claim territory, make money, and claim more territory as fast as possible.More often than not, the person who manages to claim the best territory the fastest will end up winning. Because of this, games can often be decided in the first 5-10 minutes. They also usually don't last more than 20-30 minutes. That is part of what makes the game so cool. If you're looking for a quick multiplayer session with a friend, it can become a natural choice if you're both good at it. Skirmishes are very fast paced and don't last long so you can squeeze games in whenever you feel like it. However it's also one of the game's hindrances.I think it could do with a good deal more content. Games almost feeltoofast. You rush to figure out what the key resources on the map are and acquire them, rush to build some factories, rush to research some technology to give you advantages, always keeping an eye on the fluctuating prices of various commodities and having to deal with your opponents sabotaging your production through various ""black market"" means. There's so much to keep track of that games can flip around on you in an instant. One second you can be on top, well ahead of the game, next thing you know WHAM game over you just got bought. It can often leave you going ""what the hell just happened?""This is part of what makes it so fun and deadly, but at times it can feel somewhat lacking. So much of the game is just looking at numbers on the sidebar, constantly guaging prices, resources, buying, and selling. The actual graphics are very nice, but the funny thing is you don't actually spend a lot of time looking at the graphics, because winning is all about crunching numbers quickly. In my opinion the game would be better if there were some more layers of strategy that involved the actual graphical, planet of mars, city building related stuff. That would make this game a 9/10 for me at least. Alas, it does not, but if the devs keep developing it as they are it will get better.If you get it on sale, it's definitely worth it."
76561198019300496,Recommended,271240,22166872,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,t_p_brown,"Interesting concept which I enjoy, however I would not pay much more than £10 for the game."
,Not Recommended,271240,14462929,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mustang,"This is a really good game. It's very well throught through and realized, and considering the design team, not surprising.It is a good mix of 4X, economic simulation and ecowarfare.Anyone who want a deep experience and like economic simulations will love it.EDIT: Changing my review to reflect the increase in price which is completely unjustified. At this price this is not a recommendation."
76561197978748933,Recommended,271240,31658567,Posted: 9 May,all,Rags,"No direct combat makes it very different from other games. I found it very enjoyable and fun, I definitely got my money's worth."
76561198041940354,Recommended,271240,25317243,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Falstad,A well done game.  The Learn to play section is really a lot of fun.  Once you get into the game it's interesting to learn the different strategies.   It's a unique game for RTS and very enjoyable.  Definitely recommending this one!
,Recommended,271240,22115839,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Madolite,"In short:A slightly weak 7/10 for now, but overall worth the money if you believe in future improvements (given the Early Access as well as overall game design).--------First off, this is NOT my kind of game. I'm the kind of player who prefers to spend time investing in one persistent game (as in Cities:Skylines, Dark Souls or an MMO), rather than a match-based game like this one.That said and given the premise of the match RTS subgenre, I have to say it's a very refreshing IP. No combat whatsoever, but instead an all-out trading system where you manipulate the market and make sure you produce, buy and sell the right kinds of resources for maximum profit and the detriment of your opponents (who share your market).As for resources, they do feel a bit few and ""slapped onto"" the game. There's no explicit tree structure or overall design that makes me feel like I should care (possibly because of the said match-based gameplay, which makes everything feel rushed).I guess I just wish that this kind of trade-focused game would be more fleshed out, with greater array of goods, upgrades, services, alternatives and just general depth. The game feels like a one-man indie game project.Overall, I have to say that the idea is pretty good and, for its premise and its price, the game plays decently (but not excellently). I can recommend this game, although just barely (I wish there was a third choice haha). The game does have major potential, and I do think the devs may deliver on some of that. I also haven't seen any major bugs with this game yet, but I haven't played it too much either so idk. But I do wish the game was just a few notches better than it is."
76561197962073652,Recommended,271240,25343751,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,[DWKOZJ] BRUUT,"Bought the Deluxe edition in the recent steam sale. Been playing with a friend. We both really enjoy this! Not too hard to get into it, but offers deep gameplay. Has a good tutorial, campaign and ranked multiplayer! It could use a better pricing of around $20. I think $40 is too high for people to give this game a fair chance!"
76561198017127010,Recommended,271240,28499075,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,chaogoesmu,"I've been staring at this game since early alpha debating whether to buy it and finally bit the bullet.  I should have done this when it was first offered.  If you like the idea of a super fast paced game of domination that is different every time, buy this.  Every thing you do can be countered by your opponent, and likewise you can counter everything your opponent does.  actions per minute helps but isn't necessary; playing smart is infinitely more important.  Every action your opponents take will have direct consequences on your products and prices, can you figure out what the demand is going to be?  will you be caught in a competitive market with your profits steadily dropping?  Will you just dominate through overproduction of your opponents?  Will you lock down technology that lets you skip their profit margins and go directly back into your product?  Will you find a niche that no one is competing in and exploit it?  There are so many paths to victory or defeat in this game and its so simple yet complex at the same time.  If you are still on the fence watch a few lets play videos until you get the gist of it, then figure out how the patent lab, off world market, blackmarket etc. make it infinitely more intricate.  Minutes to learn, lifetime to master.  Excellent game design."
76561197972467009,Recommended,271240,28666281,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shaper,Super fun economic RTS. Every game feels new and different. Lots of depth with different races and strategies. New DLC notably enhances single player game.
76561197972458881,Recommended,271240,22730148,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sovietski,Highly recommended. Think of it as a cross breed between Civ and Command and Conquer style RTS but the RTS portion is more centered around economic expansion and empire building. Actually thought it was going to be tedious and ended up extremely impressed.Very smooth and functioning gameplay.
,Recommended,271240,26060120,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Archangell30,"OTC is an excellent business management game. It is a bit shallow, however it is also difficult at higher difficulty levels."
76561198054662331,Recommended,271240,26132432,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Ben Argo,"At first I was skeptical: an economic RTS? I kept this on my wishlist and gazed at it hesitantly, unsure if I should invest in this game. Finally, the bundle was on sale, so I figured I could at least hate this game with a friend if iit proved to be terrible.It was anything but terrible. I've spent many hours on this, learning some cool tricks with the Scientific HQ playstyle. I have yet to bump up the difficulty to a competitive level, but it's only a matter of time.PROS: Quick 30-40 minutes games, intuitive UI, variety of play styles, and multiplayer options.CONS: It took me this long to figure it out. Seriously though, sometimes the higher level of difficulty can be pretty hard to cope with."
76561198031646769,Recommended,271240,29854704,Posted: 11 February,all,Roljed,"Great game.Finally succeeded ""Managing expectations"" in the tutorial. NEVER give up!"
76561198263630536,Recommended,271240,28470876,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,YouAreIrrelevant,More fun than it should be.
,Recommended,271240,26138444,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,VG Purist,"Economic strategy game? More like Business Wars!!Offworld Trading Company does a good job capturing the essence of managing a corporation and trying to push out your competition by buying them out.Simplistic yet detailed.  Though there is a lot going on, everything can easily be learned.  For example: Iron needs to be mined for your refineries to create steel.  Steel is then required for a lot of other buildings and reduces the overall cost to build more if you have a bunch in stock.  Or you can sell it on the market and make a tidy profit.Smooth gameplay. Short on supplies?  The game automatically purchases what you need and increases your debt thus making the gameplay flow smooth.  Indicators also let you know when your facilities are not working and also lets you know what materials you do not have.Corporate espionage.  Though you cannot directly attack the other corporations, you can cackle to yourself twisting your long mustache as you sabatoge your opponent's greatest money maker.Ranked Multiplayer.  The AI is more than enough challenge, however there is a ranked multiplayer you can jump in challenge other individuals to see who is the master of economic warfare.There really isn't much negative things to say about this game.  Except that maybe this game may not appeal to those who wants to bring out their troops and order them to attack.https://youtu.be/rXkXYmePYZ4Once in a while a new IP appears and you think that maybe it could've been done better... this game makes it very difficult to say that."
,Recommended,271240,26052339,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,singlr,"An interesting game that removes the classical detail of RTS--combat. The game is all about numbers, and the principles of economics are your weapon. It'll require you to use your knowledge, to make critical decisions in managing supply, capital, your assets, and the market demands. The game is crafted beautifully. Everything from the music, graphics, and the artwork they've put in.Learning the ropes is a little intimidating, so I strongly suggest you go through the tutorial Stardock put together in the game. Speaking of Stardock, these people have tons of experience in the RTS industry. They're an actual studio, and not some group of amigos writing up an indie game for some quick cash."
,Recommended,271240,30058761,Posted: 20 February,all,HausMaus,"Offworld Shipping Company can best be described as a child of Sim City, Civilization and Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri. The premise is simple enough - you have to build a Mars-based resource exploitation and trading company, grow it faster than your competitors, and eventually buy them out in a hostile takeover via the stock market. Anyone who has ever played Civ and tried to go for non-military victories is going to appreciate what this game has to offer.I would say that the only downside is that the game is quite cognitively straining because it requires the player to to juggle a lot of numbers and economic variables, so this is not something you want to play if your goal is to blow off some steam after a hard day at work.Caveat emptor: the game is very addictive!"
76561198161520952,Recommended,271240,28805762,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Keinnard,"One of the best time waster out there, don't skip the tutorials as it will guide you to your skirmishes.If you're looking for a planet terraformer game, sorry to disappoint. However, this is a great economy management game that you'll get definitely hooked up the whole day."
76561198103730609,Recommended,271240,22797577,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,G4mBi7,"Bought the deluxe, it's a fun distraction that emphasises on speed. There is really no long term strategy you can implement which is rather a shame because anyone who rushed income early on can buy you out and get an imminant advantage. Having said that the game is fairly unbalanced. Control Silicone (rarely spawns on random for some reason), Go robotics, grab 3 core patents and you're set.The game is okay, but there is no long term replayability. You can't even buy back your own shares to keep you in the game longer if you want to implement a longer term strategy. Sigh, but i do recommend trying it when it goes on sale.EDIT: Multiplayer is terrible. I can't get a single game that doesn't bug out. Lobby or Ranked. I'm not if this is because of the host the game chooses or their servers or what.EDIT: Multiplayer now works but it's rather stupidly setup. 4FFS is a lot of fun but you can ONLY play it on the weekends. There there aren't any 8 player games. *sigh*EDIT: May 23rd, Lobby is still broken. 1v1 aren't fun. 4FFA is still gated as a weekend event. It's really sad because this is a great game but i'm only able to play on the weekend."
76561197992112381,Recommended,271240,28516142,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SnackyCakesIII,Destroy your friends economically.  Watch them spiral into debt and their stock prices plummet while you buy them for a bargain price.  My recommendation is to play on slow speed instead of normal so that there is time to look at what others are doing.
76561198027339617,Recommended,271240,28515237,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,the bestest,"Not worth over $30 considering all the content that's only accessible by buying the DLC. The options to select the content are built into the game menus but can only be picked if you pay an extra $30. I recently paid $20 for DLC for a free-to-play game with as much value and playability as OTC and felt like every dollar was worth it. These guys should include all that ""DLC"" for the price they charge for the game.OTC is a fun game for all skill levels. It has polished graphics and a dynamic economy. As mentioned elsewhere though, the games end far too quickly because opponents can buy each other out early. All of the game modes feel like this in some way. Whoever gets the early lead is likely to win while everyone else continues to play without a chance. That kills the fun a bit...Also the game uses long lessons instead of in-game prompts to teach you to play, so don't expect to turn it on an start playing right away.Now that the workshop is open, I'm sure a lot of cool mods are going to come out!"
,Recommended,271240,28494382,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JabbrWockey,"For those potential buyers trying to make sense of this game:What this game is:a business game.What this game is not:4XSim City cloneMilitary RTSIf you're still with me, then know this is afantasticbusiness sim set in a near-future Mars colonization setting.The premise is that Humans are colonizing Mars (Yay!) but the overwhelmed colonies have privatized their resourcing operations to Earth coprorations (Oh no!).  That's where you come in - You're basically the Mars regional manager for a corporation trying to get a foothold on the planet, before the competition can woo the colonies away from you.PROSThis is fast-paced day trading coupled with supply chain management.  On Mars.  The sheer amount of stuff you can customize for each run (patents, optimization, contracting/hiring staff, etc.) allows for a myriad of strategies you can try against the different competition and conditions in each colony.  With campaigns, you have to plan and budget ahead of time for the future, because the competition gets starts to get fierce after you win several colonies.CONSA little pricy for what the gameplay actually is, which is basically a ledger and a map of resources to manage.  The graphics and sound are only a few rungs higher than what you'd expect on a mobile app.  Would recommend getting it on sale.SIMILAR GAMESI can't really think of any.  Factorio is more about the tactics and design of supply chain management and there isn't a market."
,Recommended,271240,30106751,Posted: 22 February,all,Zygerria,"This is an extremely fun game. At first I was a little skeptic, but now I'm hooked. I never thought doing strategies with stocks would be fun."
76561197994137432,Recommended,271240,22986665,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Confused,"This is a great game. It is incredibly hard to figure out on your own so I highly recommend watching a Twitch tutorial. You also want to learn with the pause button (space bar) pretty much constantly on. Good players can crush it in a couple of minutes so consider yourself warned.I love that every choice can hurt you or help you in a logical way. If you build a dozen farms it will drive up the price on water to keep them going. If you sell goods cheaply they only get cheaper, so it is time to make something else. If you can see the impact of your actions you can manipulate the market in cool ways (e.g. using a robotics company that requires no water to create a water shortage can cripple your fleshy foes).The AI is pretty good and it rarely makes outright terrible errors. This means that even the tutorials can be punishingly hard if you are not paying attention. The music is beautiful and the tempo builds as the match progresses giving you a real rush at the end.Play it."
,Recommended,271240,26328416,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Langor,"This game has a very unique style of play that uses micromanagment with economy resources to beat your opponents. There are not very many games that can be compared to it, so the best way to see if it is something you may like is to watch gameplay videos. The following video is a playthrough of all the tutorials. Once you see how the game works, you can decide if its your type of game or not.https://youtu.be/etcLCqFGGbs"
,Recommended,271240,29945837,Posted: 15 February,all,krazyhades,"OTC is a brilliant game that has carved out its own sub-genre, ""economic RTS"". I've played mostly multiplayer myself, and WOW the games feel intense, without needing armies and war to make it so. The first time you spend a a chunk of change to place some glass kilns, only to have an opponent crash the price of glass by selling away a huge stockpile they've been sitting on...you will know fury and despair! And when you figure out their entire economy hinges on a particular carbon tile, which you then permanently undermine with an underground nuke, an evil corporate joy will fill your heart as you watch them sink into debt.This is not a game about microing your zerglings with 400 APM. It's about making choices and predicting how the market value of resources will change. And yet it still manages to get your heart thumping away. ""Can I upgrade quickly enough to steal that beautiful tile right next to my opponent's base? Can I survive the Mars night paying through the nose for electricity because my only source is solar panels? Can I win this stock-buying race, or is my company going to be taken away from me with the NOTICE OF TERMINATION screen?This game is seriously mindblowing in its elegant design, but it's not just some cerebral experience. It's tense, it's cutthroat, and it's absolutely superb."
76561198183929625,Recommended,271240,28577141,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Corned Beef Hash,"Amazing and unique RTS. Very clever game design, very refreshing to play an RTS that isn't based on memorizing build orders and having the highest APM. The unique maps mean that different strategies are viable almost every game, additionally, the different advanced tech buildings give you even more freedom to your playstyle. If you're looking for a challenging and complex RTS with a twist, this is the game for you."
76561198030431916,Recommended,271240,29011995,Posted: 4 January,all,IndieInc.,"I love Offworld Trading Company (OTC), it's the deep and modern non-military, economic strategy game we have all been waiting for!Back in high school we had these business simulation games where you would take charge of a company producing good X, in competition with similar companies.You'd decide how to spend the funds available to you - how much you'd produce, advertise, research and invest in more production capacity.Each round of the game would represent 3 months of doing business and you would make one decision per round.After everyone submitted their decisions, the round would end, the simulation would calculate everyone's performance and luck, and quarterly reports would come in.It was a peculiar sort of high to see that my company had done well and beaten others to market share and/or profits.If you can relate to this, you will like OTC.In OTC you take charge of one of four types of companies on Mars in competition with one to seven (depending on what kind of matchup you prefer) other companies.In a single match that lasts roughly 30 minutes you decide on the location of you HQ (to where all your resources are shipped), which land hexes you claim and what you mine or produce to make more money than your competitors.The company to seize control of all others (via buying more than 50% of their shares) wins.While the overall goal of each game is clear and simple, the game's mechanics are many and varied, providing ever-shifting sub-goals, making each match a unique experience.As of version 1.0 release, players have to consider:Starting market prices,Nearby colony requirements,Land and Resources available on map,The Black Market,Personal play preferences,The competition :)Considering these elements defines the initial minutes of a match.As time progresses, companies upgrade their HQs to gain access to more land claims as well as bonuses like patents, Black Market goodies or extra claims.Eventually companies consume and can produce so much as to completely dominate the market and influence profits and business strategies of others.Sometimes denying profits for a competitor is better than making a profit for yourself.As of JAN-2017, OTC has these features that keep me coming back:Competitive and friendly community - Offworld Trading Company channel on Discord always has some of the top players around.Daily Challenge - a hand-crafted, unique scenario that requires you to discern the winning strategy against AI players in various settings.Ceres expansion that replaces the Mars planetary setting with the Ceres asteroid - different resources, patents and market dynamics.Ranked Multiplayer - play against others in a hacker-free setting. 1x1 or 4-player free-for-all matches available.New players may find the learning curve steep, but doing the thorough tutorial and giving the wiki a read should provide enough of gameplay basics to jump right in.The only real complaint I have is the cost. I can not say the game is worth the hefty price of $40, but wait for a sale and do pick it up.8/10"
,Recommended,271240,26037762,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Codelizard,"It's fun with literally any number of players except 3.It's in the same vein as other economic hostile-takeover games like TTD but it's much faster-paced, so instead of a game taking days to complete, it's over in 20-30 minutes. This is a good thing. The time between ""It's obvious who the winner is"" and ""The winner is declared"" is very short. Games don't last very long after the first buyout, so if you're playing multiple rounds with friends, you won't have to sit out long.The basic premise is to acquire resources and sell them to get money to repeat the process. Resource prices change accordingly every time something is bought or sold, and there are various market manipulations that can be done. There's plenty of ways to mess with your opponent there, and you can buy usable-once-only sabotages for further shenanigans.It has its problems - the first buyout practically doubles your stock price, so in a 3-player game the first buyout determines the winner; the remaining player has a 0% chance of catching up and should just concede immediately. The Offworld Market is a necessary evil on Mars (as otherwise all resource prices drop to 1, but whoever has them is basically guaranteed to win) and utterly useless on Ceres (as all resource prices eventually become 1000). The AI is WAY too good at the game, as it makes no attempts to hide that it can and will react instantly to situations, inputting commands faster than any human possibly could.Overall though, it's an excellent strategy game that doesn't take nearly as long to play a round of compared to others in the genre. A good game to grab if you like economic games or quick strategies."
,Not Recommended,271240,28488015,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,[YAC] Thunderstorm,"The game boils down to a 15 minute money rush. Due to the buyout mechanism, speed is everything. There is little replay value, as variation is superficial."
76561198096568934,Not Recommended,271240,28576780,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,neil,"If you have no technical issues with the software,  great, it may be an enjoyable game. If you do have technical issues, good luck getting support. My three posts in the support forum (starting from about a month ago) have been met with complete silence - not even a ""we can't help you"". Looks like Sorenson & company have taken the money and run, leaving behind an abandoned piece of software."
76561197993061405,Not Recommended,271240,14443217,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,tiaguerazortea,When I adquired this game in early access it looked like it had so much potential. But several months after I see very little improvement in the core mechanics. Currently its just not worth the heavy price tag of $40. Many $15 have way more content and are way more polished than this game. Its a pitty I was really looking forward for what this game was going to become.
76561198007696542,Not Recommended,271240,17675285,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dark Angel159,"I agree with the other reviews, its a good game, which is as far as you could stretch, but certainly not worth its price tag. £35 can buy you a decent game from a top publisher, where did they come up with that price?Its campaign is repetitive and somewhat boring. Skirmish is repetitive and doesn’t bring any new challenges. Nothing like the popular RTS games your used to, which it aims for, unfortunately this leaves it disappointing and you end up selling huge chunks of resources at the end, regardless of cost and buy out your last opponent. Over and over, its too repetitive and lacks any flare."
76561198007903512,Not Recommended,271240,16657953,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SpankDaddy,Tought tis would be great...but it isnt...the plnets/ maps are ugly and small...and the building concept in this game is samll and boring...only a few recources and production shemes...its more of a browsergame than a  PC one! gets boring after the tutorial....
,Not Recommended,271240,17473922,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,FollowTheMedia,"I am reviewing the Beta 4. The game is nice but at the present moment I feel not to recommend it because I am not satisfied with my purchase.Let it be clear: the game is a very clever, mechanics are solid and well balanced: probably is perfect for a pure fast-paced PvP experience but I was interested in PvE and the lack of a decent campaign combined with the missing sensation of progress are the main reasons I cannot currently recommend this game."
76561198116683798,Not Recommended,271240,21062165,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JBsharp,Not very in depth and repetitive.
76561198015111921,Not Recommended,271240,22700250,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ottoman42,It's fun I'm enjoying it very much though I had to turn down my graphic settings for it to stop crashing.UPDATE: Even with the lowest graphic settings the game crashes for me. I would not recomend it for mac users at all.
76561198178602065,Not Recommended,271240,31258971,Posted: 20 April,all,Hockeylacorte11,"I really enjoyed the main premise of the game, but it takes a long time to play and is very overwhelming for the first time user. I had to watch youtube for hours to get an idea to what I was doing. If you have the time and patience to learn how to play at an advanced level, go ahead. But if you are a casual gamer that does not want to spend alot of time learning instead of just playing, this game is not for you."
,Not Recommended,271240,17196376,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,dasherk,"There's a lot I could say about this game, but the bottomline is that it just doesn't feel deep enough to me, and the price is far, far too high.There aren't enough buildings, there are no units to speak of (that you can control), oversimplified stock market, all the maps feel the same as do the company types.(Prices at review $40CAD for standard and $70 for deluxe)+ Unique concept+ simple mechanics+ decent artwork+ its fun :)+ feels polished for the most part- price really is too high.- feels more like a board game and less like being the CEO of a major Martian company.- rounds play out too fast... many sessions 'feel' like they've ended before they've begun; the mid and end game stages feel rushed- beating the ai and being beaten by the ai typically feels like a landslide. satisfying to win, but can be frustrating to lose especially in light of the speed factor."
76561198119785785,Not Recommended,271240,31675098,Posted: 10 May,all,Nin10do0014,"Initially, I thought this game would be like Sim City or something like Starcraft without worrying about my opponent Proxy-Gating me.  While it was very interesting at first, learning how to build a business and navigating the economy, I felt like this game got repetitive too quickly.  Each match feels quite short, and the core strategy is to get the Offworld Market ASAP.Furthermore, it feels like something is lacking when I am playing.  Specifically, when I make a game-changing tactic or a huge play, it doesn't feel like it is a huge play, though I will admit that this is purely subjective.One more thing I felt lacking was the feeling of having a mega-empire for my business.  In other RTS games, I can build all over the map as long as I had the resources for it, but the land claim restriction limits that feeling.  Again, I admit this a subjective preference of mine."
76561198048173498,Not Recommended,271240,17188342,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Nursultan Tulyakbay,"Simply not worth $40. The game has very little content, and maybe 5 hours of replayability, albeit enjoyable replayability. Wish I had spent it on another game with more honest advertising of its depth of gameplay."
76561197990840116,Not Recommended,271240,17165889,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,nick.chr,Slow and unbalanced. Squating on resources? Please. Can't wait to get released and get more trolls and noobs.
76561198309990321,Recommended,271240,28283224,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jalves,"So far I am enjoying the game.  If you are of the analytical mindset like me and into economics/the markets, you will enjoy it alot.  I also have always really enjoyed strategy games.  That said I would imagine such people is only a small subset of most gamers so I wonder how the player count will hold up over time.I like how the typical match does not feel too short or long.  Maybe a half hour or so.  There is not too many APM but at the same time there is plenty to think about and manage.My biggest issue with this game is that the graphics to performance ratio is in my view lacking.  Meaning, even with an overclocked Geforce 1070 and 6600 process and 16 gb DDR4 ram I am seeing my frame per second dip sometimes below 30.  Now granted for an overhead strategy game based more on numbers and thinking this is not as critical as say a first person shooter or racing game.  Nonetheless, the optimization should be better, especially considering the graphics are nothing to write home about.  Honestly the graphics are no better then starcraft 2 which is how old now?  Considering this game came out in 2016, they should of optimized it better, I get better frames per second on witcher 3 at ultra!To further expand on the graphics, for example all deposits whether it be water or silicon have the same exact symbol!  The only difference is the color.  Couldn't the developers of thought of something a bit more creative to represent the deposits?  The ""landscape"" is so bland you barely recognize it outside vaugely referencing it to what may produce better power or where you can't build.To sum it up.  I think the actual gameplay mechanics are pretty well thought out and pretty fun to play.  But i think the graphic innovation and optimization seems to have gotten the lazy end of the stick especially for the price this goes for (though I got it on a steam sale for half off).I would give it a 8.5 out of 10 but that is only because I am into stock markets and economics personally, for most people it probably would be around a 6.5."
,Recommended,271240,29091469,Posted: 7 January,all,warpspin,Fast strategy game in the spirit of the classic M.U.L.E.
76561198203991687,Recommended,271240,28588461,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,njmcculloch,"This is a well structured game, I was pulled in when i heard about the creator of civ 4 made this. I have had a lot of fun with this game even though I got it a few days ago. I would recommend this to all, as it has different diffuculties for all skills."
76561197993401794,Recommended,271240,30046268,Posted: 19 February,all,Zip,"This game has come a long way. I first played almost a year ago for about 10 hours and liked it and just came back to it now. Major improvements and it's really fun! Great game, great price- get it."
76561198115086891,Recommended,271240,35225333,Posted: 26 September,all,Vman2023,"So here is the deal -- is this entertaining - YESAs a simulation game it is short time responces which ensures that the games will be over quickly, there is no days of playingReplayable- yes and no: Yes, there are many ways to change the game from playing against one to many opponents, but it really is not different, you still have to be aggressive or you will lose.Is it worth the purchase price? I paid $10 so yes, I say this is worth the price. So if you are looking for something that will be fun but not long in the tooth, this is a good game, but it disappoints in the depth that many simulative city builders like."
76561198021885709,Recommended,271240,35438143,Posted: 3 October,all,Warspawn,"most RTS games I've played are won by economic supremacy anyway, this just removes the need to guide hordes of fodder around the map. very fun, I love RTS and don't miss the combat at all (there is still espionage)"
76561198020048749,Recommended,271240,30062283,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Buffett,"Really good game, unique concept"
,Recommended,271240,22811412,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ryushihan,So far this game has more moving pieces than you realize.  It doesn't have the macro movements which makes it easier than trying to follow around a map and click units.  Instead your using your mind to try and analyze stock movement.  Its feels like being a stock trader manipulating the economy.Great game and would recommend.
76561198110148412,Recommended,271240,31681105,Posted: 11 May,all,gashbash,"i got this game for 10$ on sale,only time when it is worth what you are paying for...seriously 10$ is what this is worth to me and i am glad that the devs put it at that price, had my eye on this for a while but the tag was what was keeping me from getting it. after figuring out a few hotkeys and forming my own start i blazed through the campaign with only one loss,luckily it wasnt the last mission i lost. multiplayer is fun with friends, dunno if id reccomend this to play by yourself with ai's especially since you can't change heir difficulty to be harder or easier for you. like i can think of a impossible thing would be the ai being on applicant and the player being on ceo...anyways short version, for 10$ yes. better with friends. don't get it to sink time, some games just arent made for that you game junkie!"
,Recommended,271240,16542181,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Folkin,I like the idea of a non-combat RTS. It's also very well polished for an Early Access game. Well done!
76561198006758182,Recommended,271240,16514824,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ender7j,"Ever since I was taken in by Race to Mars (you know what I'm talking about), I have been ultra-leary of Early Access Games.  I am glad that I broke my own rule and took the plunge with Offworld Trading Company.  For a game that isn't even touted as a Final Release version, it is amazingly well along.  I have played many games so far and have enjoyed them, even when I lost to the AI.  I have yet to try the multi-player, but this game has given me faith.I tried to make a list of Pros & Cons but found it difficult.  The only Con I can really give this game is that it isn't done yet!  :PBig thumbs up to the team behind this game.  I can't wait for the finished version and to the DLC I know is coming!  (hint hint, DLC in the future please!)I would advise investing in this game despite the Early Access tag.  Even if they stopped right now, its still WAY better than Race to Mars ever will be I fear.As a side note...I did wait until it was going for $20 USD instead of $40.As another side note:  I read some of the negative reviews (about 10% of them) and found that alot of people complained about 'shallowness', the Black Market and the AI's tendency to pile up money and buy you out.  I was perplexed by all of that.The supposed shallowness allows for games that don't take an entire day of my life while allowing for a pace that kept me busy until the end.  If I want on 'in-depth' experience, I'll play Civ or something like that.The Black Market...nope, no problems with that either.  I like the fact that not only can I sabotage the competition, they can also do the same to me.  The costs increase not only when you use it, but when the AI uses it.  So if you can catch it, you can get an idea of the general plans of the competition.  Couple that with keeping an eye on Share Prices, it's not hard to figure out who just bought what.And as for the AI buying you out...that's what it's supposed to do.  And if you have played correctly, you have made it hard for them to do so...which drives the tactic of storing up the $1 Million+ it will take.  The best business deals are the ones that surprise everyone else.  Why would that be any different here."
76561197961206585,Recommended,271240,31213435,Posted: 17 April,all,Jec,A fun RTS game and a unique concept / gameplay. I keep coming back to it to try different builds. Raising the difficulty in particular makes this a very rewarding experience.
,Recommended,271240,22758311,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"I am absolutely horrible at this game. I don't think I've won anything outside of the tuturial missions, but while I don't play it much because of that, I can definitely recognise the amount of quality there is in this game.OTC is a RTS game, but instead of combat being the focus, it's economics. There is no military in this game, the game is built entirely around buying, producing and selling resources in order to become the best trading company on Mars. The economics, from my understanding, is easy to learn, hard to master. Essentially buying increases value, and selling decreases value, so the main layer of strategy in this game is balancing income, making sure you're not in too much debt, and keeping the economy stable. There's also the more questionable side of business, involving buying extra land off the black market, sabotaging competitors, and hacking the market to directly increase or decrease the value of goods.It's pretty hard, and I don't think I'll ever get how to play it well, but it's interesting and I would definitely recommend it to people who like RTS games, but want something with a unique twist."
,Recommended,271240,29819870,Posted: 10 February,all,zon,"one of the best games in my library, combines strategy and tactics with clutterless planetary planetary environs. season pass woulda been great, yet kudos to the dev team to daring something with a new twist."
,Recommended,271240,29853467,Posted: 11 February,all,Rapture,"Engaging economy-based strategy gameMechanics are deep, although sometimes it feels like there is only one real route to win.In all, a fun timeP.S.- Wayyyy too many acheivements :P"
,Recommended,271240,27542505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jim_fintz,Offworld trading Company makes the stock market a fun experience in a cuthroat sci-fi setting.
,Recommended,271240,22887991,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"This game seemed simple, Once you realize the interplay how you and your opponents are affecting the market? It gets amazing. The single player is well made, the campaign mode is good for a long form type match and the AI is very competitive.  Can't wait to play more multiplayer, it's very well balanced and you will be sweating!"
76561198078656285,Recommended,271240,31659968,Posted: 9 May,all,conmacfhi,Much like a faster paced more capitalist version of Civ 5
,Recommended,271240,31701093,Posted: 12 May,all,Frustrataur,"Bought on sale. So far I've found it a very enjoyable strategic resource gathering + market game.  You take on the role of a company seeking to sell products to a Mars colony.  Along the way you have to fight the competing corporations with a combination of strategic land grabbing, buying/selling and good old-fashioned dirty tricks and corporate espionage. I haven't played much yet so I'll just list a few things I like so far.- It has a pleasant aesthetic and isn't graphically demanding.- The market system is easy to grasp- The game is really punishing for slow decision makers (like me)- You are never going to be able to monopolize all the resources/science etc before the game endsI read a lot of the negative reviews before buying so I'm aware it's not like Civ, but I'm enjoying the focus on economics, and the fact that it's an RTS is cool as well.  I've been spoiled by Turn-based games so it's nice to be forced to make rapid choices. If there's anything negative I can say about it, it is that the game doesn't feel quite finished. The UI is a bit hard to read.  It would have been cool to have some more meaningful player interaction rather than just throwing EMPs at each other. Anyway I'll update the review when I've gotten a bit better and tried out the multiplayer scene."
,Recommended,271240,25195310,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,GreyIC,2016-08-27 - I picked this up at the sale price of $19.99.  Offworld Trading Company is a very engaging game that is well worth that sale price.
76561198009750785,Recommended,271240,31208443,Posted: 17 April,all,AlexBfr,"Great game ! I really enjoy it.It's like a RTS without units, new concept ! Lot of fun.You need to buy the opponents.The economic system is really interesting. If you are a lot to sell a ressource the price highly go down.If lot of people need a ressource the price goes up fast.Build your factory and launch your offworld ships.-----Excellent jeu. J'aime vraiment ce jeu.C'est comme un RTS sans unités, nouveau concept. Vraiment top.But du jeu : racheter les entreprises de vos concurrents.Le système économique est très bien foutu. Si vous êtes nombreux à vendre une ressource le prix finira par chuter. Si de nombreuses personnes ont besoin d'une ressource, son prix risque de monter vite.Construisez vos usines et lancez vos fusées de ravitaillement !"
,Recommended,271240,22821637,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,FlyinAlex,"Very interesting and unorthodox approach to RTS. Here it's not about tanks and planes, but cutthroat competition none less. Even playing against AI is very fun and challenging at the right difficulty level. Thank you Soren for making a very unique game and teaching players basics of supply and demand based economy in the process. Definitely recommend trying it."
76561198074191940,Recommended,271240,22765265,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Rahdukes,"Plenty of other reviewers have shared their two cents. I'll keep my review on the leaner side.If you enjoy fluid, real time, dynamic strategy games you should consider Offworld Trading Company. There are no invading forces, no armies, no tanks. It's a about cunning and guile. Trying to read the market, trying to manage your company while discerning your opponents strategy. Skirmish games can be over relatively quickly (under an hour) and usually leave you wanting more. This is a nice change of pace from a game like Civilization where even on the shorter end of the spectrum games will last 2-3 hours. That said, I do love the Civilization series, which is part of the reason why I purchased this game.In terms of learning curve - the game is easy to pick up, difficult to master. I say give it a go."
76561197988766118,Recommended,271240,22765495,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,OutStaff,Worth every peso =)
76561197962656481,Recommended,271240,23849735,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Turk182,M.U.L.E nostalgia kicks in almost immediately after you start playing. Having spent countless hours playing with buddies back in the Commodore 64 days I had been dreaming about a game like this ever since. Awesome gameplay and so much replay value. Highly recommend.
76561198069579433,Recommended,271240,24363374,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Spamitor,"Absolutely love this game... Growing up with MULE - this game fits the bill in a more modern tone.I can see some ongoing game tweaks from the team to balance the play out, and address the negatives other players have voiced.Great game! I recommend this one."
,Not Recommended,271240,28911514,Posted: 1 January,all,Wakko,"Amusing, with some new elements to the genre.  It'll keep you occupied for a couple days, then get repetative."
76561197993002732,Recommended,271240,31531363,Posted: 3 May,all,ORAA,"- its a 5$ game, that worth 40$. only buy with sale!- very repetitive with no content. alot of missions but all the same!on the plus side- no game with the same idea, so that is great. It is very cool to have your own trading empire on MARS.It was very hard to give a thumbs up, but i had fun for 12 hrs and it was great."
,Recommended,271240,23816777,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,greyiago,"I bought the game over a year ago, played it a bit but obviously it was pretty shallow. Still enjoyable, though!I was looking through the sales and saw I already owned this, fired it up...holy crap! The game has matured amazingly! Just finished the tutorial, can't wait to get started on the campaigns. The factions are excellently fleshed out and the humor is excellent (Especially the Trump jokes). Well done, folks. Glad I fired it back up! Recommended buy to anyone else, definitely a fun game!"
,Recommended,271240,16563765,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,7-,"Definitely the best game I got during this summer sale. I've been playing it a lot with friends, and it's definitely best in multiplayer. Market and black market interactions in this game are great, and even better when you are on voice with the people you are playing with.Check it out, watch a video on it, you will know if this is the game for you or not. If it looks like it is, it probably is."
,Recommended,271240,15782779,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,SteFicken,"If you, like me, played Drug Wars on your TI-83 in high school to no end; you will adore this game. Buying and selling assets mixed with Civilization and some parts Command and Conquer?! It's a grand old time and if it were on my iPhone I don't know that I would ever put it down. It being on my computer limits it, but I adore it."
76561198019383982,Recommended,271240,14454159,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,OmniMatrix,"Ok,  as a disclaimer strategy games of any variety  I typically enjoy in some ways; that said I'm really fond of the angle they've taken here but... I'm not sure its remotely worth 40$. In todays day and age I understand inflation and general quality of life insists we pay more for our games but I simply don't understand why we pay 40$ for what should be, in its current state, a 20$ game.  I am all for early access even being burnt by df9 like others, I'm very inpatient but why not pay 20$ to have access to the alpha and a buy in of 10$ for the full game when your done and 35 for the person who didn't try it before release? games like planetary anhilation that set that alpha price to rediculous ammounts really dont want your feedback just your money.-rant over-The gameplay at this point is really unique , I liked it alot. I, like always, jumped right into the game campaign without doing the tutorial and got obliterated. repeatedly, something about the reasource grab in the begining can be very unforgiving. its definately more of an rts than those turnbased lovers of civ. That said I'd like to point out all 'popular' rts's tend to have a decent chunk of campaign to play through. I lowered the difficulty after a few losses and found myself beating it too easily but I was really intrigued by the sofar bare bone campaign so I figured I'd see what it was all about. Much to my disappointment that was it. after a few missions with no real plot or explanation of your conquests on mars you easily finish the campaign ina couple hours... praise the lord they arnt done developing. after a few missions you generaly get the idea of how to take the reigns, you quickly learn all the buildings and how to place them well; there doesnt seem to be quiet enough... even with 16 resources or w.e there was specialization was never really an option even on rare resource missions supply always exceeded demand  far to easily and demand never rose fast enough... I think there are some resource balancing tweeks to be done and alot to desire game wise but in its current state its VERY playable with only a few little bugs.I want more; I will be watching this one."
76561198018692082,Recommended,271240,14453041,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Buzzy3386,Even for an early access game it is very well done. It is a lot of fun to play. However watch out for companies to sell off everything they have then buy out your company.
,Recommended,271240,14447411,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,agentnola,"I really enjoy this game, however this is NOT CIV. These are short games ment to play played with friends and a few AI. This game is a fun sometimes stressful game, but very fun. Some trade agreements with other companies would be a nice addition but overall this is a fun game."
,Recommended,271240,14453995,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,tmrss,"Pretty fun game that requires some strategy, but I feel there's definitely an element of luck in it.Not sure it's worth it for the price, but has a lot of potential."
76561198053954100,Not Recommended,271240,22770462,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,NoBull,"i want to like this game, its a great idea. But the downfall is that the matches are over far too quickly. It would be so much better if you could expand as much as you want without limits, also if the maps were bigger, more resources and it take much more time to expand. Everything else runs great and it is fun. I really liked it. i would recomend it but i like having as long as i want to expand."
,Not Recommended,271240,14517619,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JohnnyVicious66,"I like it and don't like it at the same time, it needs a lot of work balancing and expanding the challenge.Performance is a disaster after playing fifteen minutes or so, reducing the graphics wasn't a solution.The race for resources is fun but what comes after is over quickly, I don't have the feeling the local market system works since I played several times monopolizing a resources and nobody seemed to need it."
,Not Recommended,271240,14479463,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,asphodeli,"Early Access - Buy only if you want to contribute to the developers through playtesting and feedback, or simply just to support themFull Game - Worth a shot at this price range if you like a fresh take on real time strategy sims - provided it is polished up, of course.The main problems at this time of writing (Feb 2015) are listed below:1) AI is extremely aggressive even on Intern and Assistant level.2) Stock valuations for AI companies are skewed too high (perhaps due to AI aggressiveness?)3) AI has a real tendency to buy your company shares once you're doing fine and having low debt-equity ratio, yet your company's share price doesn't go up by much?4) The AI also likes to bid aggressively on the auction house, and takes good plots of land before you are fast enough to react!5) Hex coverage for pirates does not make sense if the transport system makes no sense - for example, if the freighters travel in one straight line to HQ, and the HQ occupies larger than one tile, the effectiveness of using the pirates ability is rather muted.Things that I would like to see1) Adjustable game speed and better notifications/audio feedback on events (I mean, come on, the sound of a can being trashed is the sound for a resource surplus?)2) Ability to ""unclaim"" a hex"
76561198086516541,Not Recommended,271240,24088288,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SPEARCRAZY,This is very diffrent from what I initailly thought this game was going to be. I saw it as more of a relaxed economy game not a rushed head to head battle for a very narrow market and limited expansive abilities. :(. Impressed by the beuty and one of the best soundtracks i have ever heard but over all i would give a 5/10 for what i thought it to be.
76561198008321458,Recommended,271240,31694790,Posted: 11 May,all,FalsePrelate,"If you like spreadsheet style resource management, and doing some mental math, while still engaging in RTS elements this game is for you. I bought this game because I needed a single player game to play while I didn't have internet after moving to a new house. It was a great purchase. (That being said, there is an online mode I have not yet tried so this review is based solely on single-player game modes).Also, I bought this game at 75% off, so the price felt really good. I bought the gold edition, but I don't think it would be worth the money at full price."
76561198041871053,Recommended,271240,18200031,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DanHumfeld,"It's an RTS like Warcraft or Dune was, not a 4x like Civilization.  (This was a surprise, but I like it for what it is.)Pros:NovelBest strategy does depend on what other players doJust the right number of resources and colony typesCons:Coporate takeovers are sudden.  I look at their money and the value of their resources, not nearly sufficient, and Boom! they take the company over.  Even mine.Debt is a meaningless red number.  Maybe it figures into your stock price?  Perhaps this shouldn't be listed as a Con, I just don't understand it yet.Campaign mode has a very different method of acheiving victory, and there is a complete lack of instructions.  Even after reading the forums I can't find the buttons to push to do the (new and different) things you need to do to win."
,Recommended,271240,20519996,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,kzkv,"This is a fast paced and energetic RTS set in some not so distant future on the Mars.Tha main thing I like is that ""Offworld Trading Company"" is the only modern competitive game I know which is not about killing people or other stuff. It's purely economical: one develops the company base, sells resourses and fight for the shares in other companies — buying out competition is the only way to the victory!Grafics are cute, performance is OK even on my 2013 Macbook Air, Early Access status is recognizable but makes only a little impact on overall gameplay.AI is fucused and unforgiving and while it's easy to jump in the game concepts then there are quite a few challenges on the way to perfection.All in all, if you like Civ's economics and ready to the demanding chess blitz tempo, please give this game a try!"
76561197969379687,Recommended,271240,14470039,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Fignuts,"Even in alpha, this game is already excellent and challenging. Plus, there's so much more the develpers (and modders) could do with it.It has that rush RTS feel the entire game, with a great blend of strategy (choosing which resources to focus on, which research to do, which kind of ecomony to focus on, considering which faction you are) and tactics (black market sabotage, market manipulations, and selling/buying strategies). It may not look like it from the screenshots, but you feel like you're in constant combat with your opponents.Economic and market considtions are constantly changing based on the given map's resources and player/AI behavior; however, it doesn't change so fast that you can't find trends and predict how resource demand will change and make decisive, bold moves to crush opponents.I see a near-limitless potential for deep strategy, counter-strategy and evolving meta-strategies for this game. Extremely excited to see where this game goes!"
,Recommended,271240,14470638,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MyNameIsLone,"I'd say this game is quite good. So far as I can see from the negative reviews, they're mostly there because they expected a long strategy game like Civ, which it is not. This is quite a fast game comparitively and it notes in the trailer that most games are expected to be 30 minutes.I have mixed thoughts on the AI, as sometimes they make very stupid decisions, but to be fair most of the time they get it right. A lot of people are complaining that they quickly get bought out by the AI, but this is merely a strategy that is available in the game due to it's fast pace, and if you cannot deal with it then you should not be playing 30-40 minute RTS games, but rather something like Civ (Which is personally one of my favorite game series).The tutorials in this game are quite lacking, and they are basically just throwing you into the deep end, so some people may find it hard to pick up. Overall, I'd say that before you buy this game, realise it is fast and you can't get comfortable before you start taking action against other players."
76561198034190864,Recommended,271240,14467909,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Atruin_Augustus,Very good alpha. yes it needs work but it is in alpha very cool idea cant wait for more.
76561197970539443,Recommended,271240,14457043,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Chivvy,Very polished for an Early Access game.  Too me it feels like a really great board game that really leverages the computers advantages.
76561198082516428,Recommended,271240,14460072,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tirol,Love this game. It's everything about RTS games that's good without the tank rush/200 longbows with some trebuchets hidden behind them instagank of the enemy that many of our favorite titles included. I can't wait to see where this goes throughout develeopment. It's GENIUS!
76561197970880567,Recommended,271240,14459701,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,JoelusCaesar,It's important to say when playing this game that we are talking the earliest days of early access so much isn't polished and there are a lot of niggles to iron out.But... this a truly original game with a lot of potential. Soren Johnsen is a great game designer and this could be a major new gameplay franchise. It has loads of potential to develop into a really great multiplayer experience for those of us who want deep and interesting strategy but only have an hour to play a game.If you loved the early iterations of Railroad Tycoon and want a much more brutal and competitive version of the Anno series then this is right up your street. This game has the real potential to be next on the list of great Early Access games following from Kerbal and Prison Architect.
76561198098068997,Recommended,271240,14460684,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,rileyschelfhout,"I really like this game. I got off to a slow start, but after about 30 minutes i really started to get into it.The tutorial took me about 2 hours, but they were actually really fuin once i caught on to the premise of the game and the controls. The game has potential.One problem I ran into was that once i was bought out for $3B, my game must have crashed or something because there was no button to take me to the main menu or anything. It showed me my buyout certificate and there was no way to end the game properly so i just had to quit the game through task manager. Not that big of a deal, just sayin'.Overall great game that i could see myself getting very addicted to. Hvaen't played multiplayer yet, but have a feeling that will keep me coming back to play.EDIT: After the latest update, i cannot enter a single or multiplayer game. Says there's an error right when I try and enter a game"
,Recommended,271240,22846029,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NoWorries,"If you are looking for a well-made and thoughtful offworld trading company simulater, this is that game. If you want something else, move along."
76561198151418223,Recommended,271240,27451229,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OliverKris,"This is a great game that everyone should play. It's different from other games as it is not a military rts. It's fun and I have fun playin this game with my friends. Forwarning, this might destroy your friendships."
76561198172965111,Recommended,271240,30253788,Posted: 28 February,all,Hitler loves jew_jitsew,It's damn good
,Not Recommended,271240,14475134,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sandmanz,"The game's somewhat shallow so far in depth of play.  When you play its pretty much a race to accumulate about 100k in money first and from there its a race to buy-up your competitors stock and then its game over. The AI in the game seems to be overcooked in that it accumulates weatlh freakishly fast.The multiplayer version of the game is quite laggy sadly.Look the game has enormous amount of potential if it gets finished. The game devs are onto something that could be a massive hit if they carefuly focus on the game mechanics, specifically adding layers of depth to various routes you can play (think paper, scissors & rock)."
76561198013014623,Not Recommended,271240,14484767,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Uwe Wöllner,"A♥♥♥♥♥♥game, totally shallow and would be ok MAYBE as 5 EUR title. Big time studio price is such a joke, this game is about as deep as a random flashgame in the browser."
,Recommended,271240,31824076,Posted: 18 May,all,veriest,"Deep, difficult, very unusual for an RTS. Multiplayer and challenges are where the game really comes alive. Playing the campaign or skirmishes versus AI is good for learning the fundamentals but don't require much creativity. Once the AI is beatable at lower levels dive into the multiplayer to really learn the full depth of the game; the community is very active and supportive.Few, if any, multiplayer games play out the same way each time. 4 player free-for-alls really show the distinct strategies for early, mid, and late game. 1v1 is more difficult, when playing experienced players, but wins are even more rewarding.A number of other reviews below ignore the pacing or reduce it to a ""quick land grab."" While getting the right resources early is important, there are dozens even hundreds, of different strategies for each situation and a ""perfectly positioned"" player can be overcome with creative strategy.Try the skirmishes but quickly get into the mulitplayer, watch some games, ask questions, and join lobbies!"
,Not Recommended,271240,31690542,Posted: 11 May,all,Squeekstir™,"I'll be honest, its quite boring. I was NOT expecting a civ game at all and i knew what I was purchasing. I'm a big fan of the whole economic takeover and laissez faire history, but this game was kinda dry and I felt as if there was way to long of a tutorial for very little content; in which I had just gotten confused and had to read an online guide. Not exactly saying it was bad, just not my cup of tea."
76561198012715796,Not Recommended,271240,24208466,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Alfy,"Review for mac users:Offworld Trading Company (OTC) barely runs on my Macbook Pro Retina, despite my rigs' specs being well above the recommended. It runs so poorly that by the later tutorials (that's right, tutorials!), it turns into a slideshow, at low settings and 1440 resolution. We're talking isometric graphics here! The developers have ackowledged performance issues on Macs in the past, but the latest patch from June 2016 has not sorted that out, so I would strongly advise Mac owners to wait before purchasing this game until they see some clear indication these issues have been addressed.On the plus side, the little I have seen from the tutorials I have played looks indeed very interesting, with traditional resource-grabbing mechanics being nicely updated by the new trading setting (no direct confrontation besides sabotage and a bit of piracy), a nice variety of factions, and serviceable graphics. Obviously, I would need to be able to play at much more length before being able to talk about long-term playability..."
76561198012245691,Not Recommended,271240,31756082,Posted: 14 May,all,Sparrow,"Six hours was plenty - well crafted, but too boring to have any desire to play more.  It is basically a big land-grab mixed with development - you position yourself and try to make the best of what you have while denying your opponents what they need.  If that sounds fun, go for it.  For me, every game felt a bit too much like the previous one."
,Not Recommended,271240,14460217,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Riolis,"Do you have a mid-end pc, then don't buy this game just yet.Cant really review much as the game is unplayable and unoptimized on my machine even with the lowest resolution and lowest detail level. Very heavy on the CPU and GPU even tho the game is not that pretty and that complex to begin with. No idea why the heck my FPS tank so bad even when its just the tooltip that are the only thing trying to pop up.IMHO,Don't buy until release."
,Recommended,271240,14487762,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Revelation,"This game gets intense. You can't see the other teams finances, so you never know who's the real threat. I just finished a game where it was neck and neck and at the very last second, the AI beat me. It's not easy, and I'm looking forward to playing this online."
76561198060724896,Recommended,271240,28199041,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,11,A GREAT game with HORRIBLE Chinese.Lot of Chinese descriptions are WRONG and show with too small font size.I chose recommend cause I had lot of fun in this game.And I do really wish the developers make Chinese in the game right.
76561197964748073,Recommended,271240,14476175,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,GingerComet,Trade Wars!  It's great fun but I dislike the robot voices.  I would love if they were just human voices.But really great game.
76561197996379743,Not Recommended,271240,24632256,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,maraudershields,"It would have been a very decent game, if it wasn't for the price tag, which is very hard to justify. I'm pretty sure that hardcore fans of the genre love the game, but for me, it got too repetitive too fast. If I compare it to other games with similar price tag, I would have gotten more value from a Witcher 3 DLC ,for not even half the price.Wait for a discount, don't buy it for the full price."
76561197991581811,Recommended,271240,14469695,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Malkaar,"This is the competitive, fast-paced ""Starcraft"" of economic strategy games. Well-designed, easy to learn, hard to master, intense gameplay, with a very wide variety of possible strategies.I've been playing Economic strategy games for a long time, and this game is definitely what I've been looking for all these years.Likes:- Games finish in 30 minutes, not 4 hours.- No two games are the same and require you to use your head every time- Simple clean graphics make it easy to see what's going on- Variety of strategies and styles, with effective countering moves to use against them- Keeps you on your toes all game long (intense gameplay)Dislikes:- Game voice styles not working for me, despite being original- Music could use some work- Visual Ambience in game could use workAs a final note, I recommend watching gameplay videos if you're unsure about getting the game.I'm excited about the possibilities of expansions on this game as well."
,Not Recommended,271240,22732820,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,everynoid,"While I was expecting to pay attention to numbers, buying & selling stuff, I feel like I've been doing nothing but staring at a spreadsheet for the last 8 hours. Once I understood the mechanics, I found it boring.UI presentation is clunky, many of the voices are obviously text-to-voice. I'd be willing to pay $10 for that, but not the price of a AAA game.The campaign mode has an overly complex presentation, in a way that doesn't seem to really add much to the game."
76561198021684164,Recommended,271240,21142704,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,lorne_85,"Most underrated game on steam in my opinion!If you're a fan of civilization and, sim city starcraft, you'll love this game!And on the off chance you played MULE in the 80s/early 90s you'll love this game."
,Not Recommended,271240,14539316,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,DarkFig,"This game feels like half of it is missing. It plays fine, looks good, and it fun for a bit, but after a few games you're left thinking, ""That's it?"" I would recommend this game if it was half the price. I cannot recommend it right now. Wait until it's fully released and goes on sale."
76561198034662084,Not Recommended,271240,34184452,Posted: 11 August,all,Malcolm,"I just don't get it, games are way too short and there's limited gameplay before you have to start all over again. It's basically grind for 20 minutes, game over start again. The game is trying to be too many genres at once, pick one and stick with it. I really enjoy the building and expansion element but it's too short lived before you have to begin all over again."
76561197970494630,Not Recommended,271240,18939039,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Skye Grey,This is the only game I have ever played where you can lose at any time and not be told why...or even warned for that matter. NOT worth the price they are charging!
76561198000426545,Not Recommended,271240,14444110,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Shortstar,"After spending a few hours playing, I can say I am sorry I bought this game. This game is pretty much like many free flash games on the net, except with a $40 dollar price tag. The Ai is overly simple, makes cash, buys your stock out, then you lose even if you hold a majority of the stock. Unlike the civ games, this one is meant to be over in half an hour or less, bypassing any grand strategy. UI is clunky, and the overall experience pales in comparison to other titles by the developer.From the preview vids and the developers history I expected an ocean of a game, and now I'm left here holding the bag in a kiddie pool of a economy sim. You can step in and fork over the cash and find out like I did, or you can hold off and wait for the finished product. In all reality, why pay full retail for an unfinished, incomplete, shallow product when you'll be able to get it this fall for half price after all features are present on a steam sale.Pros:SpaceSpace MoneyMarsCons:Nike price tag, Starter qualityAi, u wot m8?After an hour or two of playing, you've done it all"
76561198030312121,Recommended,271240,24171641,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,montana-dr,cool
76561197993641045,Not Recommended,271240,14475898,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,sagor,"I bought it at $36 and it just not worth it.I think if it would have been $10 - it would be good.But for $36 you would expect some different gameplay mechanics, some variety, currently game design is extremely shallow and game gets boring very quickly."
76561197992007919,Recommended,271240,23678237,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,rijde,Brilliant game.
76561198000854653,Recommended,271240,22731364,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Corey,"Its a pretty interesting game. I sat down and beat the campaign on Assistant level in a day. It took a couple games to understand how to beat it, but after that I didn't change my strategy much. I'd like to see a little more added to it as it goes along, but for what it is, its pretty fun!"
76561197961578109,Recommended,271240,22731749,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Lameness,"Offworld Trading Company is an economic warfare based real time strategy game. That makes it quite an interesting take on the RTS genre.How does the 'warfare' work? Well, you and your competitors mine raw materials and produce goods - and sell it on the shared market. And if someone else has a building you don't want them to have, it may accidentally explode.. or you 'borrow' it for some time to win the race to one of the juicy patents (buffs only one player can have). In the end, you want to make money more quickly than the other people (and avoid debt!), in order to buyout their companies. And .. sometimes you may have to manipulate the market prices a tiny bit..So how does the strategy layer of OTC look it? Well, one important aspect is that space is limited. Every time you upgrade your HQ, you can claim some more (4-5) tiles on the map. These normally are tiles either next to your HQ or tiles with resources on it.Since (good) resources tiles are limited, you can create the situation where you nearly have a monopoly on a raw resource. And if everyone has to buy from you (via the market), you can make quite a profit by actively generating this situation. Doing so is tricky though, since at the start of the match, the map is covered with fog of war - and only when your HQ position is selected, the whole map is revealed. Might turn out that whole map is covered with silicon.. but there barely is any carbon! Time to change long term plans!Once you own a tile, its yours for the rest of the match. This is where good positioning and foresight comes into play, because whatever buildings you are going to use, those have to be on these limited tiles. Got those now-useless mines on the other end of the map? Well, just put factories there instead. However, transporting goods costs fuel, which requires water to make, which drives up prices and reduces profit.All producing buildings get adjacency bonuses (each +50% for 2 buildings, +75% for 3). So your first idea might be ""well, get some mines in the middle of nowhere and a big cluster of tiles at my HQ to maximize adjacency"". However, this leaves your production very vulnerable to area of effect sabotage by that dude that doesn't like you. Ouch.The market prices rise and drop depending on what all players do. This requires you to switch up production on the fly. You produced food? Well, turns out over the last minutes prices for the required water skyrocketed, so you don't make a profit anymore. Better replace those farms with something better.A classic example is that no one cares to produce energy in the early game (not profitable; not helping to upgrade HQ). This causes the energy prices to rise in the midgame, which you can actively abuse by then dumping energy on the market (while sabotaging everyone else who tries that).The game has four factions, each with a spin on how they work. -Expansionists get more claims and cheaper buildings, allowing them to be more flexible-Robots don't need life support supplies - and get adjacency not only for same type of buildings, but also if a supplier is next to a factory.-By the power of science, factories can use the resource tiles below them!-Real Scavengers don't use steel like everyone else, but use carbon - which allows them to pull off above play with energy production very effectively. Also they love sabotaging.So would I recommend the game? Like I said, I think it's a very interesting take on the RTS genre. It has a lovely soundtrack (Christopher Tin, aka Baba Yetu/Civ 4 Main Theme). I'm personally not sure about the 40 Eur price tag though.. ouch.. When it's on sale for 20, I would say pick it up. Since I can't comment on the multiplayer and its longevity and dynamic yet, I'm not sure whether I personally would give 30 for it. Then again, I'm a very conservative buyer.I honestly fear that the maximum strategic depth may be much shallower than say Starcraft (1!) or the Wargame series - but I think that can be expected, since market mechanics and its potential generally probably aren't fully explored yet. SC and WG are in their 4th+ iteration, in the more classic multiplayer RTS style and thus strategically much more refined. I'm very curious how they'll expand on this mechanic, though."
76561197963922877,Recommended,271240,16800650,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kayos,"I've been a RTS fan since the first warcraft game. Generally I favor the more military focused games like warcraft, starcraft, red alert, age of empires; so I was a little wary of giving this game a try. So glad I did.I really enjoy the pacing of this game. Yes, it can move quickly, but for the most part it doesn't require the twitch reflexes that starcraft 2 and other modern RTS games demand. For those who say this game is too shallow, I couldn't disagree any more. Yes, it's true there are less building options and tech trees to work with, but Offworld has more than enough to keep the game engaging. When dealing  with an ever-changing economy you don't need tiers of tech to have content that is hard to master.Mastery in this game is learning to predict your opponents' market schemes, adapting to the chaning economy, and knowing when to take risks in certain investments such as a new patent, claim or black market. While predicting, adapting and risk taking aren't new skills to the RTS genre, having to master them in a passive setting rather than an active go-attack-em setting makes for some new challenges that I've really enjoyed trying to learn.More Thoughts:It is true the tutorial could be a little more thorough, but after a couple of hours, you should be able to figure out the gist.This is just me, but I think the Black Market takes the fun out of the game. I'm sure with more experience I could make better use of the black market, but for now the cost/benefit ratio doesn't seem to justify any purchase except for the new claims.  My biggest beef with the black market is that it takes away from the game's best feature, a rts focused primarily on economy. With the black market enabled it can get really annoying when your production is stopped, especially because it doesn't really hurt you, it just slows the game down. Thankfully there is an option to disable the black market, which i've found myself doing on every game now.8/10"
,Recommended,271240,22761449,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,JohnWest™,"Great game, hope they keep building on it, some more starting ""races"" and more routes to victory would be nice"
76561198053852939,Recommended,271240,28422655,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Magikarp,"If you like:- using your brain- sarcasm- tongue in cheek humour- RTSThought it would be hard to learn, but the tutorials were very well done. Can't wait to play more.Your conscience may hate you a little."
76561198191038935,Recommended,271240,23740986,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Crash McCoy,Too cool of a concept! RTS with a focus on economy rather than combat! Too addicting.
,Recommended,271240,29925132,Posted: 14 February,all,charlienatorFL,"This is like capitalism in space for nerds, Great game 10/10"
76561198074445809,Recommended,271240,15782617,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,climbng69,Good game but needs a little polishI’m on my 10th hour of playing and so far I like it. It still needs work but great so far. I love the economic RTS so far my complaints are that the tutorials isn’t all that good and doesn’t touch at all on the black market or the special buildings witch is a very key factor in the game. I also wish there would be a tutorial on how to set up the colonies. After the trial and error when first playing the game and figure out the game and how it works it is great and I love it. The first hours is frustrating trying to figure out what’s going on in the game but after a few YouTube tutorials it’s worth it and is my new favorite RTS. I would say a 6/10 7 or 8 if the tutorials made the game make a little more sense when starting.
76561197991933425,Recommended,271240,14563804,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,HakaiRah,"OTC is in the place you would expect and Early Access game to be. The core gameplay cycle is in great shape, and it really is just the outside edges that need to be fleshed out to complete the experience.  When I first heard of the concept I wasn't sure that the gameplay would standup over time, but so far the single player experience has been very good through multiple campaigns. Even when I lose I want to get right back in and try a new strategy. The AI is solid, so even on the lower difficulty levels it doesn't feel easy.I still need to play the multiplayer, but as a single player experience I'd highly recommned it."
76561197999213117,Recommended,271240,14455221,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Power,Elon Musk Simulator 2015
,Recommended,271240,14883188,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,don't touch me i'm sterile,"i love this game, its great! only one problem (like EVOLVE) it costs too much. Maybe not so for the people who have 40$ laying arounnd, but definetly not for everyone. Still it is a great game and i very much enjoy it"
76561198005428331,Recommended,271240,14505833,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ezo,"3 hours of gameplay so far.There is a lot of potential here.  I will warn that this game (as of 2/16/2015) is obviously in the very early stages of production.  The most obviously undeveloped part to me is that the tutorials are either buggy or not yet created, so the learning is mostly self-tought it seems like.  I anticipate these components will be added in due time.For the first week on early access, this game is in really great condition.  It reminds me very much of the board game, Power Grid, where the prices of commodities are determined by in-game supply and demand.If you are waiting around for a strong economy-based RTS, this game is worth taking a serious look at.I look forward to future developments."
,Recommended,271240,26082254,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SergeantBadManners,"A very entertaining game.  Can definitely swing very quickly.    Wish there was a little more ramp up time, but its not a terrible thing to be quick.  Nobody wants to play a losing game for 30 minutes hoping someone makes a mistake."
76561197999457281,Recommended,271240,29038402,Posted: 5 January,all,Stephen,Very deep economic RTS. Great music and art. I love the scifi theme and the originality.
,Recommended,271240,14476522,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,lingghezhi,Excellent economics based RTS
76561198023371495,Recommended,271240,14484918,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,littleenterprises2008,Love this Game Can't Wait for more of it
,Recommended,271240,14443315,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,✪G∃ND∃∃✪ COVFEFE,Refreshing !
,Recommended,271240,14445289,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Canechurch,"OTC is an interesting concept. Right now I do find it enjoyable and I look forward to the addition of leagues and ladders.Gameplay is already quite polished and it looks nice. It's an interesting take on the RTS genre and I would love to see more games like this.If I could select one change off the bat, it would be more market information and more dynamic markets. Right now the only truly dynamic resources is energy. Global prices are, it seems, driven by either player stockpile purchases or running deficits, which someone else could capitalize on. I'd like to see the markets function by net contribution and less stockpile driven, so rather than attempting to accumulate valuable goods and selling them off in bulk to buyout opponents have running market contribution. There seems to be a bit too much ""random invisible supply and demand we dont know"" driving market function. Giving us some idea of ambient demand and supply balance or even ""global stockpile"" that determines pricing would be nice, and then introducing exogenous price shocks to randomly shift market prices would be cool too. Something to give the pricing a bit more depth.Similarly, the share ownership function could also gain more depth, giving extra utility to ownership would be quite interesting. Defensive ownership blocks provide no real benefit if you're behind, and spending that cash on buying yourself only means you can't spend it on further expansion which I could see leading to increasingly snowbally gameplay. It seems like it would always be better to build ownership blocks in other companies.Finally adding more depth to the debt system would be quite cool. Right now debt seems like it works primarily as a death spiral - if you don't get your basic resources up and running you just enter a fixed debt growth and unless market prices (which we dont know enough about) swing your way you won't be able to get yourself out of it. Allowing players to manually take on debt in order to boost their economy would be a nice idea.None-the-less its an interesting and enjoyable game on to play on early access release which is a rare find, and with additional work it could become a genuinely deep and interesting competitive game."
,Recommended,271240,14725349,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,atandt,Civilization and Monopoly in Space. I couldn't think of a better game.
,Recommended,271240,22694730,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,clea leshlick,"unique gameplay, fresh and engaging but...what's with the flawed music loop/dynamics? you guys are a COMPANY, right?"
76561197962460010,Recommended,271240,14505657,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[Qc] Gnome,"So, you came here most likely wondering: ""Should i buy this early access game? Is worth it?"" Well, the short answer to this is: ""YES"". I'll review some of the game features here and, if you're in a hurry, there is a tl;dr section at the end.What's the game?You're in charge of a trading colony on Mars and you compete with other companies to gain monopoly on the planet. It fits really nice with all the talks going on about an actual manned expedition to Mars.How to win?You have to buy stocks of the other players and gain control of their company. You win the game when you have bought all the other companies. If your own company gets bought, you instantly loose the game.What's the gameplay?You start off with a little cash and ressources (or none, there are options to set it before starting a game). You'll then have to build some buildings (like a mine or a steel mill) to harvest some ressources, be it iron or steel, etc. You can then transform these ressources into building materials or goods which you use or sell on a global market. All the players affect that market; if someone sells a lot of a product, its price is going to go down and, on the contrary, if someone buys a lot of a ressource, its price is going up for everybody.With the money and the ressources, you can expand your colony, buy some stocks or use the black market (i'll get back to it later). In order to build more, you'll need to spend some claims. Claims that allow you, and only you, to use a tile in the game. So, especially at the beggining of a game, the fastest to find and lay claims on ressources is most likely to have the better spots. Those claims are obtained by expending your HQ or bought on the black market. So, the twist of the game is, you'll be struggling with few claims and you'll have to prioritise what building you need. Are you going to try and be self-sufficient? Or maybe invest in a pricey ressource gathering infrastructure? That's the kind of questions you'll be dealing with most of the game.You HQ and your ressource transforming building will need some base ressources that you can mine yourself, or buy on the market (thus making it pricier). When you're lacking a ressource it increases your debt, which affect the value of your stocks. If your stocks are cheap, it's easier for other players to buy and you might loose the game. So watch that debt carefully.Is that it? A ressource harvesting/transforming game?Mostly, yes. There are some researches and upgrading you can do in the game, but you'll spend those hard-earned claims mostly on harvest/producing more.What's the blackmarket?You can't directly attack other players, at least in a classic RTS way. There are no soldiers and you can't steal a nice spot claimed, but you can affect their production with the help of some saboteurs available on the blackmarket. For some money, you can dynamite one of their building or launch an EMP that will freeze their buildings for sometime. Of course, you can also be the target of such attacks and, if you're not defended (with goons also from the blackmarket), you won't know who hit you.Of course, as it is the goal of the game, you can buy other players stocks and then win the game.Is it a good early access?Yes. I haven't add issues with the game crashing. It's working really well on my end and all the features are there. Of course, some elements are still to be updated. As an exemple, there are no dedicated servers provided for multiplayer games, making the game quit if the host leaves the game. Like in the good old days.But, for the rest, everything is there and you'll be able to enjoy all the mechanics.Any other notable feautres?A few. This game has a lot replayability, every map is random generated so no game is going to be like the previous one. A complete game lasts around 30-45 minutes, providing that you're the winner. A few options available before starting the game like a tighter debt or masquerade can add a little something to a game.There must be some downsides, no?Sure, but I would insist that they do not compromise the quality of the game mechanics. Except for the dedicated servers I spoke about earlier, the voiceover is actually horrible. You can't understand half and there is no clear logic in them (like, one faction gets a robotic male voice, then there is a female voice that speaks for them, no apparent reason why). Also, th UI might get a little more responsive, the buttons especially. Events are shown in a small text log on the right, but they should appear bigger since they can greatly affect your game (a shortage or surplus on a ressource can be a random event that will influence the price of said ressources, for exemple).And the price, for about 500mo of game, not that nice graphics and all, is a bit high. But, in my opinion, it is worth it.TL;DRPros:Great gameplay mechanicsActual subjectExcellent replayabilityFun multiplayerIndirect attacks with blackmarketOut of the box strategy gameCons:VoiceoverNo dedicated serversPriceIn the end: really great game that will get you an alternative RTS we don't see much these days. If you like strategy games, wargames and ressource management games: this is for you. I recommend it without any doubt.9,5/10"
76561198135117805,Recommended,271240,14469269,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,brianlay,"Just picked this game up on the EA and I must say it is indeed a lot of fun. The game if pretty simple to learn but hard to master, yes cliche I know, but true!If you enjoy resource management games with a slight twist, go for it...Its a blast and the adrenaline rush to outwit and out produce your opponents in real time is pretty sweet!"
76561197970637776,Recommended,271240,14442844,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Beast,"A fun and relaxing trading sim, I blinked after purchasing and an hour vanished."
76561197964126266,Recommended,271240,14450843,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Eggs,"I've only played this game for 2 hours so far, but I think I am hooked already.  I like the dynamic of the game.  It is definitely different than other RTS games that I have played and I think that is a good thing.  There are some things that I still don't understand about the game (like how to beat an AI that is keeping up with me) though I suspect the black market will help.  I really don't have anything negative to say.  I would like the upgrade for your outpost to have the details of what you need right on the screen so you don't need to keep looking or hovering over it.  Other than that, I like the game a bunch already and would recommend it!"
,Recommended,271240,14442729,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Doomeetrue,"I started manufacturing some Steel and BAM! Got bought out by the competitors...The game looks cool, but at this stage, in the Free Play mode, I would say that the AI is a bit too quick and aggressive."
76561198025112082,Recommended,271240,14445736,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,jenks.tyler,"Breath of fresh air in the RTS space.At first I couldn't win a game and it was very frustrating.  Once I figured how how to read the map, relative distance of resources to your enemies, and being constantly aware of where prices are and where they will go in the future then it got way easier.Offworld market is stupid OP right now though.  Insta-win at least against AIs."
76561198064663063,Recommended,271240,14464845,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,tomevo8,"This game i think has a lot of potential. that being said i think there are some issues that need some work.the concept that your whole company can just be bought out by one person regardless of who actually owns the shares is just annoying. even if you own shares it won't matter. not exactly how shares of a real company work. so i would like to see that structured/ geared a little more realistically. basically as soon as someone gets the launch pad the game is over. that person instantly makes all the money they need and can just buy out all other companies.next the buildings and utilites that you plop down to give you resources can't be upgraded or anything. i'm guessing that's just an early access issue, so i hope that doesn't stay that way.all in all i think this game has some great potential, but i don't think it's worth it's current price at all. should be more like 10$ until it's been polished a bit. keep it on your watch list though."
76561198207034259,Recommended,271240,31705899,Posted: 12 May,all,查理珺,"Sorry, i cannot download and watch the replay of other players in daily challenges"
76561198126342076,Not Recommended,271240,14552032,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Theo,Will not work on my ASUS laptop. really bummed out about this $40 game.
76561197976889033,Recommended,271240,26054751,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,voracious,this game is really cool accept just build water and food on a science platform ....... u win every single time like every time
76561198151909498,Recommended,271240,26055969,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hater of Time,it gets old but still fun
76561198065075381,Recommended,271240,14460993,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rojib Donasi,"Love this game !!..this is hard but a deep , board game like strategic game.If you like board games , startergy , capitalism. Then buy this ASAP now !"
76561198089533667,Recommended,271240,14441909,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Hotchinaboy,"I played the tutorials and I felt that this game is a masterpiece.You played as a trade company on Mars, the system is quite simple and you would feel relax first time play it. But other compines, which is one of a great settings in this game, could ""kill"" you slowly like cancer - by buying your stock. You can purchase other players or AI's stock, they can also purchase yours. Who own the stock, who own the company. Better company, higher stock price. If your stock price is very high; it will be nearly impossible for others to ""slay"" you. To increase the stock price by trading and annex other companies.The market system is pretty simple. Players sell iron, the iron price falls, Players buy steel, steel price goes up. Supply and demand. You mine the materials and build factories to process them into higher price product.There are also some speical buildings in the game. Cash maker make stable income, Lab enhance technology, hacker control the market price etc.The black market is an amazing setting. It allows players to do illegal activities to damage, interfere or even bribe others' industry. I played aganist AI and I used EMP stopped his manufacturing. He got no money and I started to purchase his stock. Then I annexed him and I won the game.-ProsGreat graphic, not realistic, but beautifulMarvelous music and soundBalanced system and challengesTerrific theme, a landmark of RTSFour totally different factionsDifferent ways to win a gameComfortable Control-ConsCannot play offline-AdviceAdd Workshop and Map Editor pleaseMore planets in sequel, interstellar trade will be cool"
,Not Recommended,271240,14606249,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,bit,"This is really fun game, but it has one very serious flaw.  You can suddenly, and randomly lose the game, and there is no foolproof way to prevent it, nor a warning that it will happen, and once you have lost, you half to start over -- there is no save.  This anti-feature completely saps my enjoyment of the game because its no fun to suddenly lose as your are building your empire and waiting for your plans to come to fruition.If the developer really wants this anti-feature in the game, he should provide a way to disable it when you set up the scenario; that way I can play in peace!"
76561198071965366,Recommended,271240,26084359,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,StarTropics,"This is more a fast paced RTS than it is an empire or base building game, Its unique hard to compare it to anything else I have played.  If you grab this at full price you might be a little dissapointed. If you can get it at 50% off I'd recommend it."
76561198074771451,Recommended,271240,26084450,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,BB8-Max,"With a unique and highly addictive concept the lead designer of Civ 4 (Soren Johnson) has made his own mark on the strategy & resource management genre. This Sci-fi base builder replaces the copy and paste idea of armies and units with varying buildings like hacker arrays (which artificially deflate and inflate price). Additionally units are replaced by an increasingly expensive black market to destroy, steal, and decrease production on competing companies.Offworld is a game that I love winning and still enjoy losing with a campaign and multiplayer ranked system the game overdelivers in game modes, and I HIGHLY recommend this to ANYONE that plays RTS and fast pased competetive games!"
76561198062779780,Recommended,271240,24471881,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Bos,"Fun game, well-polished and balanced. A fair bit of depth to the gameplay and systems once you understand what is going on.A bit multiplayer-focused for my taste, but the campaign has enough replayability with the different factions to get quite a few hours of enjoyment from this title, if you think you'll like the concept."
,Recommended,271240,24446955,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Holy Sock,Great game for those wanting something a bit different. Not the deepest strategy game but good to come back every now and then for a jaunt. The campaign ended up pretty well balanced. Can't speak for multiplayer.
,Recommended,271240,24939517,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Paleoparadox,The game requires you taking many factors into account to be successful. The variety of different companies/factions let you choose a play-style that suits you. Many different maps with their own set of conditions coupled with the aforementioned features makes this a challenging and entertaining business strategy game!
,Recommended,271240,31658628,Posted: 9 May,all,POLYBIUS,"A Fast-Pace RTS for 10$, its a steal."
,Not Recommended,271240,24452375,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gary,Fun at first but it feels like the same game over and over again after just 3 games.
76561198008182182,Recommended,271240,28017077,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TimeZeroHour,Well I kicked my factorio habbit and ended up replacing it with this one. I am going to lose at least 100 hours in skermish I just know it.
,Recommended,271240,25286238,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,JhAgA,"This game surprised me. It is very polished, the mechanics are well thought and the single player experience includes tons of variables to keep if fresh for a long time. When I got this game I was expecting something akin to Civilization, but it is much more closely related to Starcraft. Although I dislike RTS games like Starcraft, this game still captivated me, and I believe the best explanation as to why comes from the Designer Notes that comes bundled with the game:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorHowever, just because unit selection is so frustrating doesn’t mean that RTS games should die. RTS games are the best place in video games for players who want to think. They require difficult choices between short-term gains and long-term goals. They require reading an opponent’s mind and predicting her moves. They encourage formulating a plan and then learning when to deviate from it. They are endlessly replayable as every dominant strategy has a counter-strategy waiting to topple it. They are the only way to make multiplayer truly work in a strategic game, avoiding the intractable problem of having to wait for one’s turn. Most importantly, real-time games must be played intuitively, by feel and experience instead of the painfully slow analysis possible in turn-based games.Thus, RTS games should live. Unit selection, however, should die. An RTS game is, at its core, about making strategic choices in a real-time environment, about not just making interesting decisions but also about when and when not to make them. Unit selection is just not a necessary part of that formula and often keeps the player from engaging with the game’s actual design.I just loved that I don’t need to manage units and become a clicking machine. For that alone this game would already deserve much praise."
76561197992623231,Not Recommended,271240,14491019,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Zera,a little too simple games. the game is fun for a few hours before you have done everything in it but then it's very little varriation in the game so unfortunately it's not worth the money.if there will be ather dimension in the game maybe it could be good now it is strateci Game That last 20 minutes then you do whid the map a whas hoping for the game You Could play for the long geerI bit to match civ inspierd
,Not Recommended,271240,14510054,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,sexyahrimid3814,"not anyway its discribed a bs game AI is screwed up goes after u first then everyone else not enough ""claims"" per HQ level and i dont even like the idea of claims how u suppost to do anything with 3 claims in the begining of the game and the debt  is stupidly made. U dont even get a chance to get situated and its already at 10,000 and then your stock goes down and they buy u out and u lose so I found it hella stupid #wasteofmoney"
76561197995827407,Not Recommended,271240,19423131,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Stuff0815,"I think it can be fun when done, but right now it is too boring for me"
76561198121648733,Not Recommended,271240,20308287,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,white1498,it certainly is better but for a game about corporate colonization I expected amazing new works that we don't have maps of and no mars doesn't count as one also limited claims weak sauce. beyond earth has the right isea with colonization. so no I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS GAME AT ALL.
,Not Recommended,271240,26100168,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kclack,What looks like a fun economy simulator RTS ends up being a lot of watching your buildings being sabotaged by unfun black market debuffs. I'd change the name to Offworld EMP Competition. Art and writing is rad though.
76561198008589209,Not Recommended,271240,26361855,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TimmyX2,"If you're looking for a game with a developing story or long term strategies, this game is not for you. The skirmishes are short, simplistic, and without much nuance. For me, the feel is too cartoonish and the characters are more characitrues. If that's something you want, then go for it. However, I definitely did not enjoy this game."
76561198030981519,Not Recommended,271240,29125218,Posted: 8 January,all,UfoL,"Honestly i am disappointed with this game. I bought it when it was on sale for half price, and i still regret it.It have nice graphics and easy UI, but thats it... After running tutorial you quickly realise there is actually nothing new waiting for you. No actual progression. Each mission is terribly short, lasting 30min at most, and looks exactly like the previous one, just a bunch of random skirmishes. The few first games are actually fun... but after few more it is just plainly boring and unrewarding experience.For me it just feels unfinished, or demo version."
76561198043699754,Not Recommended,271240,30114393,Posted: 22 February,all,DeadboltV,"I don't get the hype about this game at all. It's NUTS hard but with no payoff, no big ""Ah-ha!"" moment where the big picture or mechanics click into place in your mind. It's mostly an RNG machine of doom with wild fluctuations in market prices and vengeful players lobbing extremely frustrating hurdles at you until you get bought out after almost half an hour of ""how the ♥♥♥♥ did he upgrade that fast?"". I'm an SC2 and MOBA player and really, really wanted this game to be a moderately peaceful ""macro"" style of game with some kind of rhyme or reason to it but there's so much going on under the hood that is ill-explained or just completely out of reach. The A.I. will kick your♥♥♥♥♥and you won't understand how to counter or even continue. I tried to brush up by reading wikis and the like but it's always a shrug of the shoulders and much touting of the game's intricate market management, which can be read here to mean a flying strategy monster instead of a FSM; a mythical beast pretending to offer some form of planning but instead giving out nothing but frustration."
,Recommended,271240,31669964,Posted: 10 May,all,robbie.grimm,"Its a fun, good and very solid game. I like it very much. Sometimes you have to hurry and it is a bit of a click-fest. More content and depth appreciated however. Looking forward to Jupiter DLC."
76561198013058042,Not Recommended,271240,22854992,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MikeSugs,"It is a Simulation game trying to be an RTS. Matches are short with little variety to any of them since most of the interaction between players is through a third-party (aka the Market). Therefore, you're only competing with players by trying to affect them indirectly. There are some on-use abilities that target players, but nothing that can't be quickly overcome.I did enjoy single player though, but similarly, each game is a cookie-cutter copy of the previous one. Build the same starting buildings and adjust for surpluses/shortages to get the best prices."
76561198020873205,Recommended,271240,31657176,Posted: 9 May,all,ncgamewizard,This game is absolutely phenominal. Probably the best single player AI implemented in a real time strategy game and the competitive multiplayer scene is really the shining jewel of this game. Absolutely worth it at full price with 500 hours in and no sign of stopping.
76561198013177028,Not Recommended,271240,16046604,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Mappo,not worth the price at all
76561198015321562,Not Recommended,271240,16487877,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,williamsj,I will keep it short and sweet. Don't waste your money. Even on easy the game is too slanted in the AI's favor. I played through the tutorials and was liking the game till the campaigns and scrimishes. I loved total annihilation not planetary annihillation. i loved Civ 4 and 5 not this. As one gamer to another buy something else unless the price drops to $5.00. Games are frantic and short.
76561198035456149,Not Recommended,271240,18215224,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,SteveF,"It's just rush rush rush, like a twitch game combined with an economic simulation. High learning curve, not for the casual gamer. Even at half off, I wish I coud get my money back on this one."
,Not Recommended,271240,19814152,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,RedSweater,Don't waste your 40 dollars on a proof of concept/demo.
76561198185888794,Not Recommended,271240,25205763,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,rky3,"It's a no if you're into single player.I just played few hours and just singleplayer. Quite simple and not really challenging, few resources, a game speed quite fast but at the same time a bit boring.Good graphic and really good ideas, maybe if you're into quick funny multiplayer you might like it."
76561198053947241,Not Recommended,271240,28579066,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,bmassicotte,"Game looks fun, but 1 minute into the tutorial the game became unplayable as the objectives couldnt be fulfilled. Pretty sad to have such a polished and fun looking game totally unplayable as users have mentioned."
76561197998583732,Not Recommended,271240,29002949,Posted: 4 January,all,DLC = The End Of Gaming,"I was very disappointed in this game. It looks great, sounds great and seems to have great potential. But there is no subtlety in it. It seems to be simply working out the best 'tree' of upgrades and structures and repeating these steps for whatever game (faction) you are playing. Then, when you might just be getting into it, the game is over - either you've bought everyone else out, or they bought you out - there is no tussle.I had very high hopes for this game and maybe that is part of the problem.I've asked for a refund."
76561197987629537,Not Recommended,271240,24012300,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xyranoth,"Real Time Strategy*Bug FreeOverall 2 out of 5Complexity 2Graphics 2Immersive 2Inovative 1Game Pace 4This is an RTS game with no combat, and skirmish only.I was miss led by the price of the game, and believed it would be something more massive, which you advance from planet to planet building some major corporation, but it is actually only a collection of skirmish matches one after the other, starting from the scratch.It feels like it belongs to a mobile, not to a PC, and it's ridiculously overpriced for the content, even I haven got it in a 50% sale.The game plays well, you need to build and expand. It has it's own rules of resource consumption and you can buy and sell resources to a market that is adjusted in each match accord to what's being bought and sold by all factions.Instead of building tanks and moving armies, you have to balance your ""investments"" to try to build capital to buy out the competition.Don't be fooled, this is nothing like the Tycoon games which you spend hours building an empire, this is a fast pace RTS with small maps (so me calling it Skirmish only)."
76561198022371045,Not Recommended,271240,24507235,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,fezzle,"Not much depth to the game.I've done my best to enjoy it, but its novelty wore out after 2hrs"
,Not Recommended,271240,29929796,Posted: 14 February,all,j4,"The premise excited me and kept entertained for a few hours, but it turns into a tedious, repetitive button masher alarmingly fast.I'm sure it can be an exciting experience competitively, but people expecting single player that can provide a nice fix of strategy and management once in a while should look elsewhere."
76561198110635099,Not Recommended,271240,26103295,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,etur,The concept is very nice.It crashes often. No autosave. So what I've done has gone. No motive to continue playing.It has an unusual menu for basic comments which makes it unfamiliar.If you cannot finish a section in the tutorial you have to take it all from the beginning. No fastforward. It's awful. The tutorial is too long.Waste of time and money
76561198138531762,Recommended,271240,33067770,Posted: 30 June,all,Vys,"Original and unique concept, but clearly not a game for everyone. Love the fast paced, dynamic style - it keeps you engaged and glued to the screen. Tutorials need some work, they fail to teach you what the game is actually about, leading to a pretty steep learning curve - look up some youtube tutorials (Zultar) to get key tips, especially for the last mission. The game is much more polished these days compared to the original release (UI, gameplay, balancing). Decent amount of (DLC) content out there and a pretty active developer behind the game. I wish there was a bit more diversity in the game types (especially for single player challanges) as the campaign is not particulalry engaging story-wise."
,Not Recommended,271240,21934985,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Donaga,Game is not developed enough yet. The campaign comes with no instructions and is extremely difficult to understand even in easier difficulty modes. The AI makes it difficult to get very far especially when all the buildings get destroyed or rioting. Definitely needs a lot more work.
76561198160401448,Not Recommended,271240,26042063,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ekalb2002,"Extremely repetitive, I might reinstall if the game is updated to add more variety and more options. The game abruptly stops once you reach HQ level 5 so after that you just wait for more money to buy out oppenents, who have horrible money returns."
,Not Recommended,271240,28921893,Posted: 1 January,all,Crunchy Gremlin,look. I am sure this is a great game for folks that like it.I think its strength is in online MP with friends.with voice chat likely.I think that might be a lot of fun.the game itself is ok. It feels like a typical RTS but its missing something... oh yeah combat. its missing all the rts combat.it really feels just like that to me.It feels like its red alert with no combat. maybe im too much engrained on what these kind of games are i dont know.I think there is a lot more to this game than the time i put into allows to be shown.but for me.... i would have been happier picking up something else.Dont take this to mean that you should not get this game. Its well made and if you like what it offers you will greatly enjoy it. It just wasnt for me.
76561198030393157,Not Recommended,271240,14520931,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Streptokok,Silly game not worth this money. Should not go for more than 15$.After you win couple of games its just boring :/
,Not Recommended,271240,14549811,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Vrak,Kingmaker simulator 2015. Wait for end-game balance before buying.
,Not Recommended,271240,16610171,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Raketenziesel,"It's a RTS. And it's about economics. It's fast. So it's not quite high frequency trading yet, but close. This is about actions per seconds. Not round based empire building.I bought it during the sale for 18 EUR and refunded it after playing for 1½h (a 2h run time limit is just too short in that case, should be also 2 weeks in my opinion).It's okay for what it is, it's just not what I expected to be. For a RTS there are just too many things happening at once in different places other than the map, the most deceiving part that the screen space would be better used for fullscreen info overload and stock charts for each resource. The map itself turns out to be not that important since besides adjacent boosts, the location on the map seems to have little importance. Also would have liked it more, if prospecting played a bigger role.The whole claim and HQ upgrade process just kinds of breaks the flow for me.I really would have liked to like it, but I don't see this evolving into fun for me any time soon."
,Not Recommended,271240,17677724,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,rackerbam,"Im going to keep it simple.This game is different from alot of other rts games.  There is no combat.  So you gather resources and.........well thats it.You keep gathering stuff until you make enough money to buy out your opponets company.Maybe that sounds fun for you, but i got bored of it only after a couple rounds of playing."
76561198085137659,Recommended,271240,31675173,Posted: 10 May,all,McWarlords™,This is basicly nestle simulatorNow i truly understand why they do what they do
,Recommended,271240,35212291,Posted: 25 September,all,Hisuiko,"Thoroughly enjoyable game, with campaigns / skirmish / daily challenges to give plenty of options on style of play."
76561198138762990,Recommended,271240,35197135,Posted: 24 September,all,Theorden,"This game is really amazing but it does have a bit of a learning curve.  It's like an RPG of a CEO in a Space based business.What's really interesting is not just this game, but the IMPLICATION of it.  Imagine instead of playing Alien Vs Predator, you get to play as the CEO and YOU send Ripley and the Marines out to fight the Aliens.  Or Starcraft where you have to figure out what effect the Zerg and Protoss glassing worlds is going to have on your bottom line.It's a really interesting take on an aspect of Sci-Fi games no one has thought of.If you like Civ or Majesty or other Top Down Sim building games you'll like this game.  It takes about 20 minutes to learn."
76561198111353921,Not Recommended,271240,24049942,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ahmet,"Good game, but so tired of random crashes...Could not make progress in one campaign even I played and won for 4-5 times now since either game crashes somewhere in the middle of the game, or just when I am about to win.How can I submit the crash reports started to accumulate in my hard drive?"
76561198031009339,Recommended,271240,23752298,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Vaempyress,"Really enjoying the game.  Love the shorter game format.OTC is a great additon to the RTS genre.  Very worth a play or 100 to learn the game, probably quite a few more turns needed to master it though."
76561198034156176,Recommended,271240,23770034,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DartMouth,Offworld Trading company is a very interesting take on real time strategy. I miss the old robot voices though.... I hate those filthy bandits
,Recommended,271240,31334801,Posted: 24 April,all,Million Ants,good game
76561198007210097,Recommended,271240,25484263,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,InfiniteHorizon,"Surprisingly tasty economic sim.The single player campaign is good, and the upper-eschelon AI is reasonably capable."
,Recommended,271240,25471266,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Teao,"Economic RTS (no military), M.U.L.E. for modern gaming. (including references to M.U.L.E.)"
,Recommended,271240,16529258,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MisterMentat,"In this game you are the CEO of a company that is trying to establish a foothold on Mars. You balance managing resources and growing your company with nuking your opponents mines, tampering with their water supply, and buying shares in their company with the ultimate goal of acquiring all of your competitors businesses. You buy and sell resources on the open market, and the price of goods is reflected by the supply from you and your competitors, their demand, the distribution of resources on the map, and the demands of the Martian colony.It's a very tense ""economic RTS"" from the designer of Civ IV. This is an RTS more about timings, resource management, and awareness than micromanagement. If you love the city building, economic portion of strategy games like Civilization, but you also like the cut-throat, edge of your seat action of games like Starcraft or Warcraft (but weren't always the best at managing hudndreds of units) then this game is amazing.There is a very distinct feel to every game, and I don't think I've ever played another game quite like this. I think it's a blast, and I can't wait to see where this game goes in the future."
,Recommended,271240,16815074,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Invictus Lampada,"Although this game is still in Early Access at the time of writing, it is clear there has been a lot of work put in and the current form is very polished (apart form the game seems to think my screen is bigger than it is?)There is a lot of hidden depth and subtlety to the game that belies it's otherwise simple UI.If you like the economy side of games like Civ or the Anno series then I whole-heartedly encourage you to check out this game. I think charging full price during early access may be a bit cheeky but upon release i can see this being worth the price tag."
76561198006358574,Not Recommended,271240,31696260,Posted: 11 May,all,Name Lips,"I really, really wanted to like this game. But I finally had to admit that it wasn't for me.The game is surprisingly fast-paced for a economic, supply-and-demand game. Matches can be 15 minutes or less. This isn't necessarily a problem, but I had a very hard time understanding how to develop a strategy. At any given moment there are a thousand different things that you can do, and dozens of goals I could be using those things to be working towards. But I had a very hard time seeing how the pieces fit together into a sensible whole.I wanted desperately to slow things down, so I could examine my opponents, figure out what they were doing, figure out how to counter it... but there's no time for that. I spend most of the game frantically building stuff and not knowing why, or if it will help me. When I win, I don't feel like I won because of skill or strategy. And when I lose, I have no idea why.Playing OTC gives me a constant feeling of not being QUITE smart enough. I keep feeling like there's a lot of depth to this game, but I can't figure out how to dig into it.I want to say the game is ""complex"" but that's not quite it. It's more... obscured. I'm sure it would all make sense if I could see it clearly enough, if I just had time to turn it over and take it apart and figure out how it worked. Since I don't know how to develop a strategy for myself, I get no information when I examine an opponent's base. I know I'm SUPPOSED to be reacting to what they're doing, building and buying and selling in a way that counters their strategy so I can defeat them, but I can't figure out how to do that. Since everything I'm doing feels random, everything the opponents do seems random too."
,Recommended,271240,22779513,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Logicbomb,"A fast paced and at times even overwhelming economical RTS.  A normal games takes only 20-30 minutes and things tend to escalate quickly. Rarely do you just dominate the whole game, if you do then it's time to up the difficulty or find another group to play with. The coop and campaign are both fun and offer different takes on how to play.  If you enjoy RTS and don't mind not being able to zerg attack your opponent with an army of soldiers but enjoy using a planned and precise economical attack or long term choke hold on the market for a thrilling buyout win then this the game for you."
,Recommended,271240,31658384,Posted: 9 May,all,FuturamaKing,"fun game, interesting gameplay"
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,271240,14553559,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Don't take me bad but It's a good game.However, it's simplicity ( i known i known its EA ) and the price will kitt it.The devs want to play the "" Oh, our product is unique in the market (steam) so we will put the price that we want it ""Great, you guys are free to do that but, everyone knowns that the game is not that sophisticated at the point to be sold for this overpriced amount.5/10 for the graphics   ( Looks ok for a game that does not targets graphical quality )6/10 for the gameplay ( Way too simple to manage )7/10 for innovation ( Good concept of game, we need more like these around )2/10 for it's price. ( A slap in the face of the steam community )Overall: 5/10   ( Not recommended at this point )"
76561198022241634,Recommended,271240,29942188,Posted: 15 February,all,Gozzle,This was on my wishlist for a long time and I kept thinking about removing it. Deciding instead to buy it was one of the greatest victories of my life.
,Recommended,271240,22922799,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Pataties,A good tycoon-est game.  It sucks you in and will keep you engrossed for many hours.
,Recommended,271240,14508700,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Orangutan Dandy,"Good stuff, the pressure is on when someone starts buying your♥♥♥♥♥out from underneath you."
,Not Recommended,271240,27904052,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gimboid,lacks something to keep you driven and playing the game. Once you've won a few maps it's very samey and I haven't loged back in since.
76561198039965679,Recommended,271240,35165277,Posted: 23 September,all,Bigheaded,"A solid strategic building/trading sim but more PVP. For those who've played patrician 3, trading is sort of similar although just 1 port.If you like the idea of building what the market needs and selling it to the market to then realise the market now needs something else and to refocus as needed, then this is definitely for you.I felt that the game doesn't really have enough to it, other than that, it's really good!There should be a few different win conditions though, as the buying out your opponent option is kinda weird.Campaign is great due to the other win condition and the continued gameplay.Would like to see options for potentially longer campaigns (10 turns is ages, but why not 15/20/user defined?)also would like to see the amount of days spent in each ""turn"" be able to be changed, currently it's 7 which is a good number. But if it was 5 or 10, different strategies would be needed.The online pvp option i haven't got round to, but it's there and there's some twitch players including the maker and watching that was what made me decide to buy it in the end."
76561198052279159,Not Recommended,271240,35151242,Posted: 23 September,all,Terodan,"I played it for a while and instantly got annoyed by havng to make suboptimal decisions all the time. Also the fact that the whole gameplay is basically a snowball mechanic, unless your main export suddenly crashes is frustrating. A single suboptimal decision early game makes it really hard to catch up. Also the progress of time never feels right. Either you are waiting for something or you are busy number crunching for the most profit. Also almost everything I did either felt that it was either irrelevant or had some incredibly big impact with little grey zone in between, there is no nudging stuff here and there to gradually perfect stuff. Also better know from the very beginning where all of your buildings are gonna go, there is usually no room for mistakes--> Alas, more number crunching.Do yourself a favor and don't buy it if you aren't particulary into preplanning everything once you see a map."
,Recommended,271240,22765955,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,CazAndrogyny,"I am really impressed. I have been luke warm on stratagy games of late, even though I have been wanting to really fall in love with one again. This hits an amazing spot for me, forced cooperation with number crunching, market saavy and running the long con. I am going back to playing this now, and honestly if you like strategy games for reasons other than the military aspects I can't recommend this enough!"
,Not Recommended,271240,25167199,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Xyberviri,"Basic RTS game except you can only build buildings. After dropping an HQ building down you can then put down resource collection and/or processing buildings. Once you build something you're stuck with that tile, so if you later decide you want to build something else you can't move to construct to another tile.Like simcity the game features random events, most of the time they are beneficial like a solar flare increases the power production of solar panels. Other times resource shortages or excesses cause price fluctuations. some events don't make sense like the random auction for a tile no one has built on.Game play basically boils down to finding the rarest resource on the map before anyone else, while tring to not get screwed by the overpowered almost infinite blackmarket attacks from the AI."
,Not Recommended,271240,25165854,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kola2,"It's certainly polished but just way too short.I like the idea of an economy based RTS, but this is more of a build the correct things at the correct time than anything else.The matches are incredibly fast, even with the speed set to low, so you rarely get anything out of them, and the game just feels like a complete missed opportuinity.It has some entertainment value, but for the price it's sold at i don't reccomend it.6/10"
76561198062488106,Not Recommended,271240,33864824,Posted: 28 July,all,juginst,"I cannot say it is a bad game. However, I personally cannot recomend it. The game has an extensive tutorial. Everything looks logical and interesting. I spent 3 hours for these tutorials and started a real game... Well, everything was superfast, it is hard even to believe that AI actually does not cheat (I tried medium difficulty). A lot of stuff was actually not expained in the tutorial (despite the fact that you have to read a lot of text). Then I realized that this game has nothing to do with a relaxed base building. Yeah, sure it issupposed to be ""a fast paced game with a steep learning curve"", but unfortunately only now I understand what it really means. It is a pity it is to late to return the game. So, I just wanted to warn some other naive people who look for base building in space: OWTC is rather a very complicated and fast economy-themed chess.P.S. I will try to learn this game (as I have already bought it) and will change my review accordingly if needed."
76561198030463028,Recommended,271240,25898657,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Razer,I really enjoyed this game. It is unlike any other game I've ever played. Its a RTS but without any battles.
,Recommended,271240,23051821,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Syphus,"I bought this on a bit of a whim and was very pleasantly surprised at how much I liked it. A clever strategy game where you compete against rival companies to extract resources, produce commodities and generally make money. It has a simple concept but I think it's executed very well, different maps force you to adopt different strategies and there are lots of different approaches you can take. There are different 'factions' that offer different strengths and weaknesses: these can also make for some really quite interesting and varied tactics."
76561197971472228,Not Recommended,271240,23145625,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,JackTheRussel,"The game is something in between the old game drug wars and something from the civilization series.  Graphics are decent, the gameplay value is pretty good. The problem is how fast games develop. Its like theres not enough things to do to feel like you have done something. Wait for it to go on sale, if you pay more than 20 dollars for this game you will feel cheated."
76561198108546166,Recommended,271240,21048148,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AntiAce,"If you know the basics of supply and demand, and want a new kind of game - pick up Offworld Trading Company.  It didn't seem like a game I'd really even be into, but it's fantastic.  Especially with friends."
,Recommended,271240,14560522,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Garion,"Very unique game, still in an early stage and with a lot of work ahead, but already fun and promising."
76561198023960698,Not Recommended,271240,30935613,Posted: 3 April,all,Noctis Lucis XV,"To Short for me and not really a civ builder. I thought i would be a slow paced game that could let me play hours on hours in a single match, but its more like a 30 min to 1 hour game mode. Sad"
,Recommended,271240,15068954,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,GrabTheGames,Good Job
76561197975487830,Not Recommended,271240,26446247,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Templar,The game play that's there is pretty fun but the game is also very shallow. Matches are quick and there is not much to draw you in. No real depth here.
,Not Recommended,271240,14550768,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,a2)ChingiZ,"Too easy. Shallow gameplay, lack of content. It should cost around 2$, to have a good price\quality ratio."
76561197968470997,Not Recommended,271240,17832164,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,info,very pricey for what it offers.not bad. but it'S a 10$ game
,Recommended,271240,14472534,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,barwnKesteven,"Fun game, the stock and resource manipulation adds another layer of complexity to things that I wasn't entirely expecting - so you have to stay on your toes. Highly recommend."
76561198110001699,Recommended,271240,14471645,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,mikeadams1053,Great Game. Not bad for an early access game could use alil better of a tutorial at least a tad more in depth. Graphics arnt bad but defently room for upgrade. Needs the rules explained alil better. Other then that i can defently see civ4 in the world layout. Great job Stardock and Mohawk and thank you for creating this game.
,Recommended,271240,14456555,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Black Baron,"Real time space monopoly.Its pretty good, though different to get used to it."
,Recommended,271240,14463618,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Trunk,Awesome trading game!Easy to lern yet hard to master.I highly recommend this!
,Recommended,271240,18946154,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Catifan,"This actually feels like a kind of game I haven't played before. Maybe it's not the first ""economic RTS"" (I don't know) but it's sure the first I've seen. Base building with no unit management is kind of liberating. I'd recommend giving it a try."
76561198078078976,Recommended,271240,19020894,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,taylorreid,"Simple, yet addicting. Great concept on a RTS that makes you constantly think. Every move is critical as claiming the wrong piece of land could have detrimental effects on the outcome. Great freaking game."
76561198105778271,Not Recommended,271240,31653509,Posted: 9 May,all,Deadly_Teddy,Sadly very little depth - especially for the hefty price tag!
76561198040840177,Not Recommended,271240,32055399,Posted: 29 May,all,bawlsmcnasty,"not a bad game, its visually pleasing and the concept for it is really cool but its terribly unbalanced certain factions are just OP since certain resources are always valuble. wish the devs did a better job patching and balancing the game."
76561198050858783,Not Recommended,271240,15114853,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SuportSpecialist,Wait so... All I have to do is buyout the other players company?What about free build and challenges? What's the point of justbuying stuff so i can make more expensive buildings sell theresources and buyout the competitor? in like 3 min playingwith expansive....No just no.. not recommended.
76561198045113566,Recommended,271240,31825962,Posted: 18 May,all,laroque,I am so sick of all the bad reveiws. I love this game and I cant stand the bad reviews. If people spent the same amount of time they wasted writing all those bad reviews on just enjoying the game there would be a lot less bad reviews. Please buy a few copies for you and your friends and join our anemic player base.
,Not Recommended,271240,14460805,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,H8RED_II,Disliked. Would not recommend to others for quite a few reasons. Namely the ability to buy out an opponent.
76561197963371090,Recommended,271240,21918576,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Crimdal,This game is still in early access so I don't know if I can say it's worth 40 bucks exactly but it's multiplayer in beta 10 is pretty fine tuned for now. This game is a steal at 20 bucks. Single player is fun multiplayer is a fun challenge.
,Recommended,271240,14471184,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Casarix,"It's weird. A hex based game, but it's real time. A Real Time Strategy game, but there are no units. An economic game, but it takes 30 minutes. And they pulled it off, too. Get it, play it. There's really nothing like it."
76561198039458457,Recommended,271240,22705439,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Frukthuset,nice
76561197960888767,Not Recommended,271240,18216712,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Namessar,"An old Civ gamer here and Civfanatics follower. I have played one game so far, and decided to refund it. To be honest, this game has some very good ideas and also it's very nice to see something not combat related in the market. But during the gameplay, I cant shake the feeling that this is more like a visual representation of a spread sheet mechanic. At this stage, it needs to get a longer gameplay (too short at the moment) to be fun and a less simplistic approach (main stream will never play these type of games, you do not need to dumb down your ideas or the mechanics.). Also the end game is mostly decided by what you do at the very early, almost impossible to overcome the mistakes done at the beginning. Regarding depth, the game needs more strategic elements, less mobile-game like mechanics, more things to manage in both macro and micro, and the espionage/sobatage needs to have better visual representations, including some strategic ways to counter.  Environment being mars or somewhere else would have no effect in this game at all.  At this stage, this game is just like an iOS/Android game to have some quick fun but nothing more. It has a lot of potential, but seeing that it has been released on February and mechanics not chaning so far, I am not much optimistic about its future. More or less, in the core, this looks like what you will be getting when the early access ends."
76561198016223092,Not Recommended,271240,21919871,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,7ux3,"Have a gtx970 4gb,  6core amd 3.5ghz and 8gb ram. Frame rate to low at low settings with everything off.Seems to work for other but for me it is no fun at the frame rate. 1vs1 on small map worked ok but 1vs7 on large mape gave me around 8-10fps on low settings"
,Recommended,271240,21918000,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,safetyman,Fun economy based strategy game!
,Recommended,271240,20437660,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,panthermodern,one of the best designed and most refreshingly unique strategy games i've ever played
76561198110903195,Recommended,271240,16472611,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Beardy Dave,"Apart from the annoying music, this provides a refreshing take on the RTS game in that you don't so much as kill things as buy them out.  Just like othello, this is simple to understand, but may take a while to master."
,Recommended,271240,22783847,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,SvenFu,"Really excellent sci-fi market simulator, great production values and solid game design. But don't expect an easy ride!"
,Recommended,271240,15762217,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Breaker,I am really enjoying this game.  With 15 possible resources it really allowed for differences in game style.  I am liking the direction the game is going and glad the developer is seasoned enough to stay with the game.
76561198168844199,Recommended,271240,14441876,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mister Chief,First Impression Review:OTC is a welcome departure to the traditional RTS genre of massive armies and diplomacy. Stardock definitely hit the nail on the head with this one. There IS a bit of a learning curve but using the tutorials will help you to get on your feet in no time. 8/10
,Recommended,271240,14441956,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mr. Dr. Prof. Winemaker J-BOMB,"Capitalism: The Game. But seriously, monopolies."
,Recommended,271240,22834021,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MrScienceMeister,Really great game.  A hidden gem.
,Recommended,271240,19674085,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Cuntseal,"This game is pretty good at the moment, but needs a few more colonies to use, but aside from that an all round good game to play online with randoms or online with friends."
76561197970897152,Recommended,271240,16541595,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RK Limes,"This game is deep, complex, and rewarding.An RTS without weapons!*This competitive, cut-throat economic battleground is a real gem. Gather resources, then refine them into more lucrative products, or sell the raw materials.  Pick a strategy who's goal is to out-earn your competitors.Grow, and expand, in order to buy out your competition.* Traditional weapons... morality is subjective in this off-world capitalist simulator."
,Recommended,271240,19593113,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[FWM] Saotome [MNI],"Amazing game! As pointed out by the developers, there aren't many RTS titles that are not about building an army afterwards, and as odd as this may sound it's actually pretty fun! Give it a try :D"
,Not Recommended,271240,24220796,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tanelorn,"I put in my time with this game and really enjoyed the tutorial missions. However, once you try against bots higher than ""newbie"" level, the game becomes impossible.This game also fails to be about economic competition, really. You are very handicapped in the information available to you so you can't really read the markets or predict other player's stances. The most powerful competitive edge given players in this game are special attacks you purchase from the black market. With these you can freeze their structures, blow them up, take them over, etc. That's where the most manipulation comes in. The game is really about breaking even then using sabotage to get the advantage.I wanted to like this game but now I despise it. There also should be a turn based mode to remove the ""i can micro better than you"" element that so many RTS games have. There's no reason why this couldn't be a fun turn based game it's set up perfectly for it."
,Recommended,271240,26223834,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Elon Musk,"Very fun game, plus I got to go to Mars 15 years early."
76561198106145009,Not Recommended,271240,18733244,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,48 Chromosomes,♥♥♥♥ing 30 quid
76561198001346271,Not Recommended,271240,22747148,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Snarkles,"- Music/Visuals/Writing is great, gameplay didn't really grab me, tutorial broke on the 2nd mission and wouldn't let me progress."
,Recommended,271240,31844060,Posted: 19 May,all,sonfisher,Very reminiscent of an old favorite of mine on the Commodore 65 called M.U.L.E. The team that put this together did an awesome job of bringing that same feel back.
,Not Recommended,271240,31682469,Posted: 11 May,all,Chaos,Not worth the asking price (10$) very little content without the dlc (4hrs). Otherwise very solid mechanics!
,Recommended,271240,31838024,Posted: 19 May,all,TURONOTH,"First off i want to say my reviews are rarely posted... That Said...THIS GAME Is awesome.PROS: If you want a game that is based on supply and demand, this is it. If you want a competitive game revolved around Buying out other companies before they buy you out this is the one, the catch to it narrows down to corporate sabotage which makes this game a bit more complex than i thought.Cons: only thing i noticed is Buying someone out with the stocks needs reworked. The system makes some sense but when you own 50% of the stocks and others own my 50% they can buy my portion without approval? it just doesnt make sense, if you own the game u would get it.Rework to buyout of stocks: ...well idk just fix it or delete it lol."
76561198079009910,Recommended,271240,32448382,Posted: 15 June,all,MysticCrusher,A very dynamic and intelligent strategy.
76561197967950117,Recommended,271240,18573483,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,HawsJon,"This is another one of those games where they took the basic RTS idea and tried to change it enough to make it fresh and interesting. Shockingly, they pulled it off.This is an economic RTS, which means no direct combat. You win by buying all the stocks of your opponents. Don't think this means no conflict. The games sabotage system is rather brutal and you will have ample opportunity to harass your opponents as well as get bent over by the AI.This brings us to the computer controlled players. They will completely kick your♥♥♥♥♥on higher difficulties. According to the developers, the AI does not cheat, they are just that good. Although this might sound like a bad point it is in fact a positive. You can lower your handicap enough that you can learn to play without getting insta-killed to learn and then ramp up the difficulty later.There are a wide variety of resources to collect and even more production items you can make with those resources. Many of them are required to progress and anything you do not make yourself must be purchased. Although there is a limitless supply of resources to purchase, the more an item is bought the higher the price becomes. Likewise the more you sell resources the cheaper they become. It is a constant balancing act that becomes quite enjoyable.Multiplayer is fantastic. You can easily partner with a buddy and share resources. This means you can each focus on specific raw resources and manufacturing. When you build two of the same types of buildings next to each other, they gain an adjacency bonus of 50%. With three touching the adjacency bonus is 75%. This means that building two of the same building next to each other does not double production, it triples it. This is a huge advantage in co-op play.At this time the game is listed as early access. I would disagree and say it is release quality. We have played probably 50 games with no glitches ot crashes of any kind. The game is solid, balanced, challenging and fun. Completely worth a buy."
76561198096219811,Recommended,271240,22835273,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Frank Ocean,Great game for people who loved civ and strategy games
76561198040886975,Recommended,271240,21431281,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SilvermistInc,"This is honestly one of the few economy games that I own and I am HOOKED! It's so wonderful and (somewhat) easy to play. So if you're in the mood for something a little different, this is the game."
,Recommended,271240,19363754,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,omony,"This is a very nice RTS. The only RTS I'm playing now (so I finally abandon AoE and Rise of Nation). So i think the idea worth the price (I've bought it on sale, though). The realisation as well is expensive (good AI, stable code). So I was surprised to see just ""mostly positive"" as a summary of user reviews. I really want this game to be fully published.Point by point:1. No blood. You do not have to rise and command an army. Still, you are able to be offensive and there are plenty of things you do have to command.2. True fast-paced RTS - you can limit your gaming time to one round - to 30-50 minutes. You do not have to do low-level micromanagment, you have to be fast as well as smart. However, there are meditating moments as well.3. Very original. I had to spend an hour just to learn what are the rules. And these are very interesting rules. There are simularities with Civilization (and Catan as well). Still, this is something new for me. Basically, you have to buy opponents' companies. There are different strategic decisions you have to do - which type of base to build, whether to invest or not into intellectual property (patents), wich materials you have to mine, which you are able to buy in the market, which type of energy to choose, do you want to use lending or not. There is a lot of tactics here as well. So.. The rules are balanced and there is a lot to master here. However, they still tune the balance so you might find one day that the game had changed and you have to adopt.4. The rules are tunebale. So you can turn off some of the things people are complaining about in other comments and make the game more balanced and make the ""rush"" stratagy more hard to implement.5. The AI is strong. So offline is challenging as well. Looks like there is online option - never tried that.6. Nice GUI, music and animations. No crashes - high level of coding for early access.So if you enjoy economic part in RTS games or if you enjoy both RTS and Civilization-like games, you defenitely should try this one. This is a new kind of experience."
76561198059169964,Recommended,271240,14496496,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,(ETH) Rothbard,This game almost ready for Esports. All it needs a league system with divisions and ELO-based rating system for players. Very cool game indeed!
76561198006730528,Recommended,271240,16489603,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jimmy McFire,"This is the first time I write a review and felt that this game probably desereved to be my first.  If you are are intrested in this game watch the video that goes along with the screen shots, it really does a good job of showing what the game is about and Soren Johnson doesn't really lie about what its not.  Yes the price is high but its being made a small developer and Stardock, which in my opinion releases quality games.  In the end this is a fun game especially if you can get your friends involved."
,Recommended,271240,26154843,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,richardli20020124,I love it.
76561198159611533,Recommended,271240,18544977,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Study Danger,"If you believe appearance doesn't make a difference, then it doesn't.  But if you do, it does.  I really, really wanted to like this game for its appearance.I think OTC has most of the strenghs of the Civ series with more replayability, due in large part to real-time pacing.  Beginners fear not!  The single-player version defaults with a pause button and save-or-bail options!  Advanced players fear much!  Multi-player doesn't!  But I digress.  Real time pacing enhances replayability by deemphasizing the start and playing a perfect strategy, and emphasizing making the fewest mistakes.  And who doesn't want to make fewer mistakes the next time.I wanted to like OTC.  I liked it.  Still do.  Got some hours under my belt and still nowhere near ready for prime time.  Still single-player, pausing and saving, and trying something new.  I really, really like this game.//  A Robot Colony  //////////////////Figuring out the Robotic Colony first really worked for me.  Given lots of resources and Employee difficulty, map options, I was able to get experience with interface, the upgrade options and sequence, and the financial system, and win consistently against the AI.  Always a good thing.  The financial system is the key to winning the game.  The AI is pretty good at finding local optima, better than I am anyway.  I'm better at global optima and was glad of the head start Employee difficulty gave.  And lots of resources ment the build script for my Robotic Colony was relatively simple so I could concentrate on the financial system.  And finding a nice big fat organic colony to buy out, er, ally with.  (Look, I know we don't have a lot in common, but . . .  What, that gyser of molten high-test steel behind me?  We meteored into a huge pile of iron ore.  By design.  3% over expectations, actually.  So, I can crank out launchers like Detroit does cars and you can crank out organic export products like a Kansas farmer.  As long as you aren't against me, we _will_ win.  :)"
76561198028007451,Recommended,271240,18147330,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,coleto,"Mostly unique gameplay. We've had single player games where you manage a company and play on the supply demand market, we've had multiplayer quick matches, but not both into one. A bold decision, and a good game."
,Recommended,271240,20018420,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,OL3,"i thought i knew economics pretty good, untill i tried this 10/10"
76561198079106642,Recommended,271240,21958260,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,TheLegend27,Great game and is very fun.If you really like a fast paced stocks game and competing for resources this game is perfect for you.If you just want to try it to see if you would like it or these types of games wait for a sale.10/10 would pay 40 bucks to ctrl+shift+down to win again!
76561198007168842,Recommended,271240,21962471,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,FLIPTHETABLES,"Got it for £15. It's fun, and I think that's a fair price. Still getting to grips with the game, but first impressions are good. Graphics are neat, it has original economic gameplay, and the content is quite streamlined. I don't think there's enough to justify much more than £15 cost though. The game is enough for quickfire competitive games to kill time, but completely lacks the depth and complexity of many games out there with a £30-40 price tag.Multiplayer is the biggest problem it seems. I've found it very hard to find other players to play with. Like many others have said, worth a buy, but only on sale.Edit: When matchmaking, sometimes the game gets stuck in a perpetual matchmaking state, with all buttons greyed out and unable to go back to the main menu. Requires a restart. This happens even if it says there are other players available. Would be great to have an update for that."
76561197993828849,Recommended,271240,14448403,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,a Big Mac CS.MONEY,i'm loving it.
,Recommended,271240,19038993,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Commandelicious,This is one of these games I waited 20 years for.A capitalistic mars colonialisation game with sabotage and claims and everything.
76561198022593647,Recommended,271240,28005399,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GingerNinja,step 1: Play RobotsStep 2: Be the main source for food production and saleStep 3: ???step 4: ProfitOwning all of the one thing you don't need has never been so useful!
76561198033316456,Recommended,271240,24840662,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CommGunner,"Although I am personally not much of a fan of fast-paced strategy games (I prefer slow-paced ones), I find this game to be quite interesting.What I don't like about fast-paced economic strategy games is that you don't have much time to analyze the situation and make plans. On the other hand, having to analyze the situtaion quickly is what makes this game interesting."
76561197970523864,Not Recommended,271240,16521223,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,A Pimp Named Slickback,"From lead designer of one of the highest-rated games of all time (Soren Johnson, Civilization IV) comes an entirely new kind of ♥♥♥♥ UP!I was really looking forward to getting this game and when i did i was surprised to find at first it did not dissapoint.  I played through the training missions which had their own learning curve and difficulty and was beaten several times but its all part of the learning to play this game.  However after i finished the training and went into the campaign the problems started.Firstly you choose your team and any purchases you would like to make before the mission begins, things like extra engineers and stuff and then its all go you and up to 3 NPC players battle it out.  You can imagine my complete surprise and shock when i was 10 seconds into the first mission and i get a heads up telling me that the enemy HQ has been upgraded to stage 2 already, ALREADY, they have the exact same buildings i have built so far yet they have aqquired the neccesary 80 aliminium, 80 steel and 40 glass in a matter of seconds, but it does not stop there.The NPC has an unlimited supply of money on hand always buying up stuff from the black market that costs thousands of credits and giving the starting conditions they could never amass in such a short time, as i am writing this the game is minimised in the background still going and all i can hear is scientific colony expanded, and all this banging and crashing as their launching emp after emp after dynamite attack after pirate attack on me again and again and these are again thosands of credits and the cost goes up with each use.Everything you build puts you in debt you buld one thing to cover one debt and another starts draining your resources so you build to cover that and another will start so you build to cover that and the first ♥♥♥♥ing thing you were trying to control is drainging you again, its just a viscious circle of shear repition and failings but your opponents are buying this and that and upgrading at a blinding rate and then like i mentioned earlier attack after attack after attack, your left with not much enjoyment at all.Then theres the heads up you have lost this amount of whatever to piracy.... piracy? when in the hell did the game mention piracy? Oh thats right it didnt, you sit there and watch these messages appear every second one after the other in the HUD you have lost this to piracy, you have lost that to piracy again and again and all your resource rates are firmly in the negative forcing you into this bottleneck of no recovery.  This game could be fun but when your being steam rolled every match due to an overwhelming NPC and its never ending trust fund, fun is then a very hard thing to find and the game becomes stressful and a complete horror to play.I want to like this game i really do but its broken, very badly broken and unoptomised i feel as if im just hosting an arena everytime i play so that a group of NPC's can battle it out and im just observing, hopefully future patching will sort things out but thats the problem with early access games you end up getting such a bad taste in your mouth from the game in question and alot of the time like myself, you never play it again."
76561198045652508,Not Recommended,271240,31869157,Posted: 20 May,all,PeyoteCoyote,Not a bad game but not good either. I've got maybe half of the DLC available for it and none of it is worth it.
76561198001656726,Not Recommended,271240,22984667,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Taznak,"If I had to describe what Offworld Trading Company is like, the closest games to it in terms of feel and gameplay are those from the Starcraft franchise, minus all the combat units. That sounded like a good sales pitch to me- I've played a bunch of Starcraft and Starcraft 2 and enjoyed them thoroughly.The problem with this is that if you analyze a Starcraft game, the first few minutes are always the most boring ones- you (usually) just execute some well-rehearsed build order before you get to the more interesting and exciting parts where your units interact with your opponents'- and Offworld Trading Company never gets to that part, by design. There are no units, no army compositions, no micro-management. The entire game is like those boring first few minutes of every Starcraft match, but there's no payoff afterwards.The Free-for-All nature of the game's standard game mode is problematic. The optimal move is to invest in raising your income and buying as much stock for your own company as possible and not waste any money buying your opponents' stock until endgame where the Offworld Market gives you (or your opponents) enough money to win the game. The extremely passive gameplay that the game rewards makes getting to the lategame feel like a chore, and victory does not feel very exciting. You can mess with your foes via industrial sabotage, but it doesn't feel very satisfying when you use it (whereas it does feel annoying when it gets used against you).There is a frustrating lack of clarity as to the game's systems. Last game I played, I had bought out 2 of my 3 opponents, had the most improvements to my production buildings and the most patents, plus the most total land claims... and yet my remaining opponent's stock value was somehow 50% higher than mine. Why was it higher? I have no idea. But his higher stock value meant that he managed to buy me out first, so I lost- and I have no idea what it was that I did wrong, or how to do better next game.I'll end my review by saying that Offworld Trading Company is a very innovative game. I haven't seen another game quite like it and I'm glad to see new concepts like this one take form. That said, for all its innovation, Offworld Trading Company is not a good game. I never really enjoyed any of it, and I would not recommend it to anyone."
76561198400579973,Recommended,271240,33245579,Posted: 4 July,all,hellcase.com [GameTame.com],`
,Recommended,271240,33360075,Posted: 7 July,all,unrealmistake,Fast-paced economical simulator. I never thought it could be like that!
,Recommended,271240,33706832,Posted: 21 July,all,Kokomo,"I find this game great. If you like RTS games and want a new twist this is definatly for you. I know when i got it I hadn't played or gotten into many RTS games, and I still had alot of fun (even if, at times, my computer has a hard time running it)."
,Not Recommended,271240,17000755,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,markham122,"Great fot about 5 games. Everything works fine, nice interface and good graphics, but very low replayabillity"
76561197994345366,Not Recommended,271240,21956033,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Vexille,"I played the tutorials through, They are on to something. But over all the worst RTS I've ever played."
,Recommended,271240,31655857,Posted: 9 May,all,CATUABA - Mythão,Great initiative. When i last played a few months ago it had some conceptual flaws/dogmas (like how the game does company valuations and buyouts) but thats probably nothing noteworthy. Deserves a purchase if you're at all interested in RTS or economy based games!
76561198002878487,Not Recommended,271240,31691992,Posted: 11 May,all,Catharticclam,Doesn't get more interesting through progressive games skirmishes.
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,271240,26149902,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Flashand,"Well, its not anything to write home about. Replayability is very low. That isnt what you want in a game, especially after you finish the tutorials and find out that you have to finish a skirmish in order to play the campiegn. However after you are done w the skermish you know how to play the game completely and there really isnt that much that makes you want to play the campiegn.over all the game is reasonable, yet its just not worth buying with no want to replay it."
76561198036295407,Not Recommended,271240,28938209,Posted: 2 January,all,huntingdon1701,Interesting idea but way too limited for fun gameplay.
76561198122541398,Not Recommended,271240,17124414,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheFishGuy31,"The videos make this game seem a lot more exciting than it really is. Big waste of money.If you're into the kind of game where you place a building, wait a while, place another building, wait, ect then this is the game for you. It takes no skill, there are no units, just waiting and clicking a couple of buttons. This game has no depth or replayability.The only reason I have 40+ hours of play time is because I started a game one Friday night & left my computer on while I went away for a day & a half."
,Not Recommended,271240,31689491,Posted: 11 May,all,[Nyan] SpacemarineCat,Boring.
,Not Recommended,271240,22089683,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Pá,"3/10The game have mechanics that makes hard to play the game. In a 4 Players - Free for All game, if you are in the top of the market, instantly the other players will target you, and without defeses (very stupid ideia) all your capitalist empire get Rekt. The map is very big, BUT the limitated resources and the buildings that you can make is very ANNOYING, seriously ? a limitation of constructions that you can make ? It's not like a limit of a determinated building is of ALL the buildings that you have.And 40,00 Bucks for THIS game ? That's the worst part, paying a lot of money that you can use it to buy another game and get a game like THIS."
76561198028840389,Not Recommended,271240,28496400,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,luki1989,The game is actually rather boring and not engaging at all : (
76561198053297689,Recommended,271240,18452725,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,borleyalpha,M.U.L.E. reborn. Nuff said.
,Recommended,271240,18066190,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,ekkotey,Its fabulous.  I've never played a game like this.
76561198034886763,Recommended,271240,18200472,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,mattrhoover,"Interesting game, captures economics of supply and demand"
,Recommended,271240,25159596,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CritAK,"Visit the unforgiving world of coperate trading with this fast-paced resource management RTS! Great fun for playing with other players or just facing off against the AI! 10/10, would buy again!"
,Recommended,271240,26880953,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Johny,I'm selling water to humanity's last hope in form of martian colony at $1000 per gallon and I'm a pillar of society.
76561198064375119,Recommended,271240,26922144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jim Tom,"Definitley a worthwhile pick up, would reccomend to anyone."
76561198050504492,Recommended,271240,26741979,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Srs Bisnis,A fresh idea that has been executed well.
76561198007792183,Recommended,271240,22997547,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,gerritvh,"Innovative and fun.If you like RTS and management games, BUY THIS!"
76561198148157287,Recommended,271240,19402738,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ToeZ,Best MMO RPG FPS Minecraft simulator ever
76561198022308103,Recommended,271240,21911283,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SlimeDragon,Its ok for price.
,Not Recommended,271240,16898629,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,brantodb01,This is a faily decent game.This game is quite good. It simulates a realistic market for your rescources.However i found this game pretty basic and tedious and it most cirtainly not worth the £35.The UI gets in the way of the actual game and the voice over is a jerky computerised mess and gets awfully irritating.You dont get enough plots for such a huge map even with the black market.The games are alot shorter then what i had come to expect from looking at it.maybe in the future it will be better but at the moment unless you just like looking at numbers change and not doing a whole lot and still manging to win sure by the game but NOT for £35
76561198006630081,Recommended,271240,23267521,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Stelteck,Very interesting and original RTS
,Recommended,271240,23203675,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ghostsarenotreal,"Great, unique RTS. Constant interesting decisions."
76561198013877502,Recommended,271240,23217500,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,adeo8,Fun and challenging
,Recommended,271240,16500760,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,HighLordBlunticulus,"1-Hour, First Impressions, Early Access, ReviewA good, fast-pased but relativley relaxing economy game.In it's current state, this game litterally throws you into the deep(ish) end. Non-intuitive game mechanics and lack of any true and thorough tutorial makes searching up a guide on build orders and tips almost essential. To give you an idea of the situation; I failed the first tutorial twice because it's not clear, nor does it explain that you have a ""claim"" limit. (more on this later)Once the surface is scratched, and mechanics are better understood, the game becomes much better. Many things in the game will appeal to fans of mass, streaming-economy RTSs. Real-time indirect agression against the enemy player is very remeniscent of other games such a Sid Mier's ""Trains"".The game can be very punishing towards mistakes made, a single wrong move in the early-mid game can spell disaster for your company. One such example is the ""claims"" mechanic, which gives you a limit on the number of tiles you can take before progressing. Take the wrong tile, and even if you remove the building there, you cannot unclaim it, leaving you with an incorrect, useless tile for the rest of the game.Despite it's unforgiving nature, Offworld Trading Company is already (despite being early access) an excellent game with great potential for hours of fun."
76561198040718794,Recommended,271240,17963899,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,EasyZinKC,"So far I've only tried on lower levels of difficulty, but the game is fun for me.  Wish it last a little only in Skirmish mode, that could change as I increase the difficulty.  Notice a few buggy graphical items, but nothing major.  Great game looking forward to additions or modes."
,Recommended,271240,22764572,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,The Conjurer,"Wow, I'm doing great!  My company's stocks are worth twenty-something-thousand, I've got absolutely no debt, and I have all of my resources accounted for... Things are looking up.Wait, how did that player with a 9k stock just buy 3,000 of my shares?  Oh my god they've gotten 89% of the money to buy me out of my buisness?  Why don't we have some internal company rules that prevent hostile takeovers?!  What do we do?!Oh no, that same person has just made my staff in all of my electric stations turn on me?!  I'm running thousands of dollars into debt?!?!Oh?  Whats this letter?  I've been terminated by the new company owner?!Well at least I will be able to retire with 400k."
,Recommended,271240,18010303,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Rassad,Great resource management game.
,Recommended,271240,18126526,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,N4,"this game is way overpriced. but its a good game.  unfortunately the price is killing it.  I am currently buying another copy for a friend. if you can afford to, do the same.  dont let this game die, its great."
76561198045510975,Recommended,271240,23283095,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Vegi,This Company is responsiable and continuesly developing the game. Recommending.
,Recommended,271240,31207556,Posted: 17 April,all,Gamer Genge,"Great game, not sure why it says i own it tho"
76561198183197598,Recommended,271240,19151019,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,k.domina,Great game for space base managers! Pretty much enjoy it.
,Recommended,271240,19353163,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,pinkbunny,10/10need a lobby for multiplayer games
76561198009779692,Recommended,271240,19159314,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,AxeHole,cool game - a little limited in the content but over all its fun
76561198031241516,Recommended,271240,19166031,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,lokheed11,I think the game has upside potential a little ways to go but overall Great Game.
76561198006029791,Recommended,271240,22911003,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Greymalkin,"Short version, I liked this game.Longer version;At 5 hours of play I loved this game.At 10 hours of play I thought this game rocked all out.At 15 hours of play I was wanting more.At 20 hours of play I probably wont play this game very much anymore.Offworld Trading Company is an excellently balanced economic/base building/strategy game.  But in some ways it is too well balanced in that while there are 4 different styles of play based on the base you choose, those 4 different styles of play have very little opportunity for variation within themselves.Even on the mid-range difficulty levels I found that you had to play a particular way determined by your base type and too much variation was usually a quick way to lose.On the upper difficulty levels forget about trying something new, either you play a flawless game with a very specific and particular build order (and hope you don't get disproportionally screwed over by the black market) or you might as well not have bothered starting the level.Now none of the above makes it a bad game, but unless you are the sort who has a hard-on for the multiplayer experience or grinding out every ""Do X 100 times"" achievements OTC has limited replayability.   I enjoyed my 20 hours of play and have no regrets on the purchase but probably will never reach 25 hours of play."
76561198002392438,Recommended,271240,14520640,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,toygunsenler,Supply and demand baby!9/10
76561197989553675,Recommended,271240,18017324,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,sawyerbateman,"I really enjoy Offworld Trading Company. So far I've only been playing the single player campaign, but I find the higher difficulty levels challenging and a lot of fun.The game length of 30-40 minutes is perfect for a sitting and I find myself coming back to it again and again!"
76561197994729886,Recommended,271240,14556447,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,AiDec,An awesome game!!!
,Recommended,271240,24001764,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Flazzorb,"Quality game to screw your impatient friends in, yes this is real.(update) Now having played for some time, there is a lack of single player content, but this is more of a multiplayer game then single player.i love that more people think this funny than helpful."
76561198056466698,Recommended,271240,23971376,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,cmray58,Fun!
76561198038045495,Recommended,271240,14703744,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Blazing,"very fun, it does seem simple at first but quite deapth. Games can vary but normaly about 20-30 mins."
76561198098603755,Recommended,271240,14699795,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tang Wu,Plays like a real time euro boardgame <3
76561198164541210,Recommended,271240,21394632,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,xgspci001,"I really like this game, especially its dynamic process of contructing. In addition, the graphics are really good!"
76561197976706478,Recommended,271240,20284822,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,{BCA} Xenophanes,"A solid game that breaks away from the normal RTS collect 1-2 resources and then send your army over to the enemy to kill their workers because that hurts them the most.In this game you're tasked with laying out a plan to develop your resources in a solid production line. Against the AI you don't have to deal with many hiccups, but unlike what the negative reviews have said about 0 depth, when you get in to multiplayer skirmishes you've now got to build efficiently, and take in to account what they might do to you.For instance, there are 4 factions, each different than the other, if you can keep in mind the resources that each needs, you can punish your opponents my stealing them, or stealing their building, but this may leave you open to similar attacks. Then further from that you have to manage your debt, you might have a short term victory, but if they cripple you at the right time, they can send you spiraling in to debt which will stop you from further attacks or defense tactics.So, to those who wrote ""0 depth"", try winning some multiplayer matches.The pros:- One of the most intelligent queueing systems I've seen, you can practice against the AI while waiting for a 1v1 skirmish, and it saves your game, so next time you're in queue, you can pick up against the AI where you left off.!!- Varied gameplay because resources change and other players playstyles and decisions change per match.- A unique (afaik) game style that focuses more on the resource management side of RTS rather than militaristic side.The cons:- Fewer than I'd like number of players online at any given time, this can make finding matches a headache, and yes playing against the AI becomes less and less satisfying.- If you want to play a match unveiled like a normal multiplayer 1v1 against the AI, you have to start it outside the queueing system, but  from the tooltip it looks like this will change, so it could be an Early Access temporary con.- No queues other than 1v1, (Missing 2v2, 3v3, 4v4, or FFA queues)Compared to many early access games this game is quite polished, I feel like this is how early access SHOULD work, you've got the solid core game, but the blemishes are showing.Neutral things I attribute to early access:-- Lack of player base (Steam Early Access has burned a lot of people)- Voices are mostly Google reader sounding things, except the director who says ""Uhhh, your stock is being sold"" :)- Other mapsTL:DRIt's a solid game, great gameplay, replayability if you're in to multiplayer. It's early access, and behaves like one. Implemented the gameplay first, now it puts on the polish."
,Recommended,271240,20464076,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ψ | Psi-Lapse,"A virtual economy where you create things; sell things; and buy out your competitors. So heres the crazy thing: Its shockingly complexFirst; the AI.the AI knows what its doing but it doesn't seem to want to over-saturate the economy as I'm so keen on doing.Dunno if that was intentional but if you can make a product not at all worth the actual product; it makes it harder for them to earn the money needed to buy your stocks.Second; the black marketIt would be hilarious to blow up someone's mine on a skype call; but otherwise you can basically shake it off. They never really get you to a choking point. Pirates kept stealing really pathetic amounts of water from me, for example (about 30-50 water a minute or so) and it didn't even matter because my production supported beyond that. The worst ones are the magnet storm and emp. The rest (save for nukes which I always buy just to get it out of the game if its being auctioned) doesn't even matter. If you are producing and you're staying afloat; go ahead and laugh. Otherwise its a minor inconvenince.Third; the economy itselfIt's a simple Supply/Demand type thing and is constantly checking itself and I love that. Things feel as if they have value despite being totally meaningless just like in real life.Forth; gameplayThe game is smoothish on my laptop and is graphically pleasing. Its in early access but that's not going to excuse anything. A mine looks a mine and a transport looks like a transport. Each faction looks very different from each other.Fifth; the 'realisim'Each faction has its own voice; but is as well quite robotic. Think Hal 9000 but just slightly less human sounding. Its a bit hard to put into words. the Robotic faction sounds like a male GPS voice, the scavenger faction sounds like a british robot, expansive sounds like a female GPS voice, and so on. Each mine reproduces whatever item its tile says and each tiles material stacks (0-3 but 0 is just a blank tile) and the amount of stuff that exists keeps it interestingMy biggest issue is the games one limiting factor; claim titles. all tiles on the game are fair game but you can only grab x amount of until you level up your hq (up to level 5 and that comes quickly; trust me) And, if you place something down by mistkae; and so you go to destroy whatever you placed on it; well you just wasted material. That tile is yours son. Congrats. Didn't need that carbon? Too bad.  The only way to get rid of a tile is to auction it and the game never actually tells you how to auction things. It just introduces it maybe 10 mins into one of the tutorial missions. Never tells you how; just lets you particpate.My other issue is how the game handles debt. You got two big numbers; the current money you have, and a possible accurued debt. The idea, of course, is to not need to buy things, and if you need to, rather than subtracting it from your current cash; it just created debt that you can pay off whenever you feel like. While that's nice it doesn't feel like a negative. Its not pressing.The game doesn't remind you of the hole you're digging for yourself; it just points it out with a red number and that's it. Each new day it'll go up by x percentage but what does it matter? The only real negative is you don't make any profits (all profits made through like, selling power is funneled to your debt rather than your cash pool) but you can still make money by selling materials; and you can then pay the debt back 1k per click.But why when I don't feel the need to because nothing bad happens.I don't feel punished by the growing red number and I feel that might be an issue.7/10"
,Recommended,271240,21069302,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jet,"Great game! I managed to get 3 hrs of gameplay out of just the tutorials, without doing any multiplayer or campaign mode. So that to me is a great start. The graphics are pretty and the interface is really easy to use. For an Early Access game its suprisingly complete and polished.Unfortunately I did encounter some graphical issues, but I feel that is more because my computer is at the low end of the (mac) system requirements, and not because of the game. The whole game just slowed to a lag fest by the end of tutorial 4 and 5 (so much is going on, onscreen), and the text was fairly unreadable in some areas from the start. Changing the settings didn't help much and made it worse at one point. So if you are reading this for opinions on tech specs, note that game is pretty resource intensive (pun not intended) so you might want to check your system requirements are closer to the recommended than the minimum.That said, I still recommend the game! Its a great resource management game, and if you like that kind of game you will love this."
76561198008501262,Recommended,271240,20226993,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SheerTorcher,"I enjoyed this game. The UI was a little puzzling at first, but eventually with the help of the tutorials I figured it out and went on to play campaign games. The game sessions themselves last 20-25 minutes, and 8 of them strung together make a campaign, so you can finish a campaign in a couple of hours.If there's a downside to the game, it's that once you're done with Mars, you're done. The game model cries out for an asteroid campaign, a europa campaign, and so on. I also think a longer campaign model with more objectives would make good use of the persistant personnel you can buy in campaign mode and help you make a more custom faction.I'd say this game is worth $10-15 US dollars."
76561197980525387,Recommended,271240,28182660,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CivHunter,"Well I am very much a newbie as I only have 14 hours of game time so far but it is thoroughly. It's a real time trading game. So it was the RTS feel without unit micro. I've watched several videos of Soren and the top level players and if you want to do well you have to micro the resources you are collecting and making but unlike a traditional RTS these don't move around. Makes it a more enjoyable game to me. Anyway, I would recommend this game to others. I have been enjoying it."
76561197964447922,Recommended,271240,23992193,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,compound,This game is truely innovative in the RTS genre. I am having so much fun with this.
76561198118594592,Recommended,271240,23914310,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Laru,"A great game, the mechanics are wonderful. Extremely immersive, will be playing this for months"
,Recommended,271240,21910786,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,mikrobru,Its a market simulator. On Mars.Space Capitalists.11/10 would free market again.
,Recommended,271240,28151176,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bader,very very nice game
,Recommended,271240,22794826,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,lololol,First impressions are good.  Tutorials are helpful.
76561197993288786,Recommended,271240,22800808,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Invest,Great game! The mechanics just work and it's a lot of fun.
,Recommended,271240,14555428,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,FolkBear,"If you are looking for an ecconmy baced RTS, this is the game for you.I have played this game a fair bit and I love it so much."
76561198069578362,Recommended,271240,28889620,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Brother Draveurs,It's a game about Capitalism.Which means it is not about Communism.10/10 would succeed again.Also has workshop support with a whopping 5 mods as of the time that I am typing this with my computer that I acquired through Capitalism. Upvote so we can attract more modders.
76561198041658841,Recommended,271240,16400613,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,minicheum,"The game is quite enjoyable, but is still in development and lacks a lot of things of a strategy gameplay yet. The transitions in building an economy are awkward, the game can get brutally unbalanced for most players of the map, and yet the game will stall out for a really long period of time.The are lots of elements that feel out of your control, and even achieving a monopole will not place you in a good spot.Needs a lot more polish, but the game looks promising enough."
,Recommended,271240,16334913,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Crasling,A real fun game with a far to low number of actual players in multiplayer.. sadly
,Recommended,271240,31661699,Posted: 10 May,all,J.__,"Pretty good game with a completely different approach to the rts genera, the game seems much harder than it is I wold highly recommend this game for anyone how wants a good time killer or a more simplistic rts."
76561197999084253,Recommended,271240,30110152,Posted: 22 February,all,WillyMF1,really great. unique and just awesome.
76561197972106628,Recommended,271240,16098046,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,lucky-luke,"Hi All.This is a very nice RTS. The commerce side and stock market are a very nice touch to this kind of platform.But make sure you don't get into to big a debt...Or worse yet, get the ground bought from under your feet...I give this a 10/10 right from the bat.Greetings."
76561198094046092,Recommended,271240,26050068,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Progressively idle,9/10
76561198015337264,Recommended,271240,20133948,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rhev,"=early access review= (beta 9)This game was a sleeper surprise for me.  I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I have been for the last eight hours.  The concept is pretty interesting, take your average RTS and remove 'combat' from it, replacing it with rampant capitalism.  You find this shift greatly changes the nature of the game.  It's not quite like those economic space trader games, and it's not like a RTS.  Instead it's a game that really seems to sit in it's own unique subgenre.I enjoyed it quite a bit, and reminded myself that the game is still in beta whenever I found a flaw I didn't like, but honestly they weren't that big.  There were two notable cons to this game in my opinion.  The first is that the computer's voice is basically all of those crappy text to speach voices that you hear in different Operating Systems.  Some minimal voice acting to replace it would go a very very long way.The second problem I had with this game was it's price point.  $40 is a bit on the high side, and I grabbed it for $20 on a steam sale.  But even then the depth of the game feels a tiny bit shallow and repetitive for a $40 price tag.  Still if bought on sale, or if the game is expanded further during beta, I'd absolutely recommend this game for anyone who is intrigued by the concept.I look forwards to playing the game more when it is finished."
,Recommended,271240,23025195,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,liquidd666,"Offworld Trading Company is a fast speed game where every little action and timing counts and will decide if you get owned or not. The matches are quite short and adrenaline powered compared to Civilization.If you like games like Starcraft, Capitalism and Civilization you will love this one.If you are looking for a Sim City or a Civilization pass your way, this is a completely different game play. The positive side is that the way the game is conceived (A single HQ and 5 levels maximum) allow to play great online multiplayer games, an aspect completely boring or unexistant on more slow pace games.Knowing that, I think Offworld is a great addition to your library !"
,Recommended,271240,26081873,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,timetheos,"I probably would have been dissapointed if I had paid full, initial price, but on sale, I find it's worth it.  It's sort of Mule meets RTS.  I liked it enough I picked up the Ceres DLC."
76561198007584223,Recommended,271240,14499530,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,itismefool908,"I love economy games. I still play Railroad Tycoon 3. I played all the patrician games and the latest versions (Rise of Venice). This game is an awesome tactical economic game. Several different scenarios string together to make your company better (or worse) over time. I absolutely recommend this game for anyone who likes being a ruthless tycoon where the goal is to wipe out your competition.The only issue is that it can get a little repetitive. As more DLC comes out, I'm sure it will get better and better."
,Recommended,271240,14517960,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,RZR0,"It's a pretty great game, maybe slightly overpriced at this stage of development, but StarDock always delivers good products, so it's probably a good investment. Experiencing crashes often though, still has some bugs to iron out, but when it does play smoothly, it's fun."
,Recommended,271240,14524553,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,adamgamble,"I think this game has a whole lot of promise. I've been looking for a game exactly like this for a long time. Still some gameplay type issues that I'm confident will be worked out in the course of development. I've played several games now and I keep coming back, so that should tell you something."
,Recommended,271240,14652598,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Janny Woo,Just the most refreshing take on a RTS I've seen in forever. And if you've ever thought that you'd like management sims more if only the pace was a lot faster this one is also for you. Typical games last around 20-30 minutes on the standard settings and difficulty with no two games the same due to the randomly generated maps and resource spreads.
76561198045046606,Recommended,271240,14686978,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,rocmat1,"Offworld Trading company is an economic RTS. I reccomend it for the following reasons:-Unique resource management playstyle that I have never seen-Very high replayability-For me it was easy to understand, yet it is very hard if not impossible to master-Many different options for how to play and what to focus on"
76561198031559414,Recommended,271240,14696269,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,TEH BARBARIAN HERD,"A little over priced for what you get, but overall very fun. Its an rts game with an economic focus. Unlike other rts games where destruction is the end goal, yours is to amass enough wealth to eventually buy out your foes.First impressions: Its quite appealing to the eye, Its nothing incredibly realistic looking but it seems to work for it. Interface is brilliant, really. I was confused as to how to play the game for maybe the first play through, after that it seemed straight forward. The A.I. are competent and tricky at times which is nice considering the multiplayer is very buggy right now. As an economic focus rts, It seems a little silly that they enabled things like emp's and dynamite and such.Final remarks: Its a good game, definately worth playing if you love economic domination games. however 43 seems a little out of the price range but if  you have the cash go for it, its fun.Message to the developers: I take issue with the black market tactics. I mean, a lawsuit could easily just give the money back. What I'm trying to get at is that if you want to blow stuff up but want to collect tonnes of resources, Anno 2070 is a great place to go. This game seems more oriented towards production and cash flow but to attract a larger volume of players, such as those who prefer kick♥♥♥♥♥explosions, you added dynamitesabotage.Corrective action on that issue is easy, either make it another rts game with armies, or you focus on actual economic strategies that take place in actuality. Lobbying, public affairs and propoganda, lawsuits, banning of certain things (types of mines or means of production) or both in game or enabling certain things within the game lobby (no army, no sabotage, no economic victory etc.) Besides the aformentioned issue, this game seems to be headed in a very interesting and refreshing direction, I eagerly await the new developments"
,Recommended,271240,14723435,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Copenhagen,"Very interesting RPS IMO. Played a game on the easiest difficulty to get the hang of the game, for a early development game its pretty solid all around, other than the in game character voices really irritated me. They sound like computer generated♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197973515613,Recommended,271240,14730664,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,dude57911,"This is a fun game. Fix the stability problems, and this is an awsome game."
,Recommended,271240,14730932,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Deathknot,fun game but i feel like its missing something.  to add more of a chaotic spark to it.
,Recommended,271240,14754783,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Insane,an RTS that is not similar to a moba at all!
76561198033819067,Recommended,271240,14787501,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,wolffox87,"Decent game needs some AI adjustments....The economic concept is awesome however the AI will always gang up on the player even if it is a free for all. One match i got power distrupted 10 times in a row playing against 4 AI...It always seems like the AI has unlimited money. My company was worth over 5 mill yet I got bought out by an AI with no share price and huge debt....Needs more maps differences, I always select the hige map option but half the time map is uninhabitable or the same map with diff resource, so the AI just puts their beses right next to you anyway....Other wise its a pretty good time spender. Nice concept, decent graphics. Needs more content."
76561198117697089,Recommended,271240,14820857,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,robthenorm,"hi all, i played the hell out of this game to see how the programing ai works.if you dont know what im on about my review for you is that its fun you should try itnow for the veterans who kick the ai buttgeek hat on here peeps:ai flaws are 1: they wont pay back debt very well. i had an ai with 3 million in its account and due to good sabotage i got them in 1 million of debt and the share value was 0.10 a share, but it didnt care to deffend itself which was odd to me, i spent 18 million on dynomite lol, i was just toying with it to see if i could kill it eco wise but it just keeps going.its too easy to buy your own company and once you done that and taken over all but one ai you cannot increase your company value no matter what although massive off world trade ports seem to de value your share. if you line up loads of shipments. owning lots of stock dont increase your share nore does selling all stock. it would be good if you can increase your share more in the stock you hold and value of stock price. then i would buy the world lol which would also help other players as the value would also rocket up. seems a good point, id like to see that in the game.overall. fun"
,Recommended,271240,14843223,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kylo Ren,"Was skeptical at first with the $40 price tag, and after playing this until 4am after buying it. I can easily say this game is worth what they are asking. Out of any early access game i own (especially of the RTS/simulator genre) this has the most promise. This game takes all the elements of the Civ franchise that absolutely bored me an later steered me clear entirely and leaves them out. Replacing them with real-time gameplay and a more customizeable building layout. I can't wait to see what they add to this game. As it is now it is still a very fun experience and I would highly recommend this game to fans of simulators or RTS games. Very well done an thought out."
,Recommended,271240,14891640,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,HappyJackie,Fun interesting game!
76561198000231686,Recommended,271240,14943600,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,HazelrahBL,"I've only gone through the tutorials and am pretty much still learning the game, but so far this one-of-a-kind economic based RTS is really fascinating. I love hacking the markets to raise prices and then sell my glut of commodities at a premium!"
76561198032073391,Recommended,271240,15093051,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,tjh5012,"GREAT GAME! Interesting concept, offers a different style of game."
,Recommended,271240,14486219,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sporkmonger,"It's a compelling concept, really fun while it lasts, but needs a lot more depth if the game is to have solid replay value. That said, it's early access and that additional depth could certainly come through between now and when the game goes 1.0. And in the meantime, unlike many other Early Access games, this one is fun right now. Once you get through the campaign and play a few rounds of multiplayer though, you've probably seen everything the game has to offer. Probably good for 15-20 hours of gameplay today. Could easily be a 100+ hour game if the developers keep going."
76561197970768605,Recommended,271240,14508088,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,VincentC,Surprisingly fun and smooth experience for an early access game. This game shows that corporate wars can be more brutal than military conflicts.Highly recommended.
76561198018395570,Recommended,271240,14520970,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,sms,"Loved it so far. Very complex and fun. As in chess, wich I love, opennings are very important. Playing a non military driven RTS is so refreshing. Recommend it 100%."
,Recommended,271240,14526537,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,MrLastLaugh,Fun and adicting game.  Makes me want to be a stock broker.
,Recommended,271240,14532300,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,lyman.kevin,"I like the game, it's challenging and fun. I dislike that I have to be logged in to steam in order to play. I thought simcity 2013 decided for everyone that always online play wasn't something we were going to be doing.I agree with some other reviews that the system in place for alerting the player needs some work."
,Recommended,271240,14537899,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mehkittens,its is a fun rts
76561197985212866,Recommended,271240,14563347,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,klausferatu,"An absolute gem, even in this early state. Completely addicted after a few rounds, UI could use some rework, but the gameplay is fantastic. Knowing when what to build, buy, when to EMP an opponent, where to send pirates and why you should never have all your water pumps in one place takes some time, but is so much fun. Looking forward to learning MP and the higher levels of SP campaign.10/10 and both thumbs up!"
76561197978158237,Recommended,271240,14568837,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Snap_Dragon,"I was skeptical because this was early access, I liked the developers other works and I figured I'd give it a try.  The Economic RTS is really a big change as♥♥♥♥♥♥moves and market forces can really change a game around.   I really like how maps start unexplored and it is slowly releaved.  You can choose and deploy your colony at any time but waiting till later also has its advantages, if you deploy too early and spend a lot of resources trying to corner the aluminum market you might miss the massive deposit on the edge of the map.OTC is really about picking the best tradeoffs to get you where you want to go, which is fitting as it's an economic game.   Each colony type has different advantages and needs. expansionists are good at the early game land grab, Scavengers don't need steel and get early warning for random events.  Robots don't need food, but take power instead; and scientists can skip some of the early steps of the production chain by putting factories right over resources.The early access parts show in that some units don't have detailed textures yet, and they use text to speech instead of voice acting.  There were also a few minor issues I had like not getting an opponents patents after buying out his company.  Overall the game is stable and looks better than most early acess games on steam."
,Recommended,271240,14737530,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,iZaphod,"neat game, hope to see more like this."
76561198026494809,Recommended,271240,14747739,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,mircrypt,Absolutely fun. No combat economic RTS. Way more fun than it sounds. Give it a shot if you want a quality experience with a great premise. While still not a finished product very playable...and a LOT of fun.
,Recommended,271240,14787236,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,#NumberTwo,"My kind of game, it differs from other RTS by using business perspective. It's more like a business war, so don't expect any missile or laser beam. I love the concept, but there still a lot of work to do. Well, it's an early access game so i think it will improve a lot.pros :- new concept- trading- nice gameplay- graphic is goodcons :- i hate the advisor voice.- I think UI need some works- somehow it's kinda laggy in my macbook, but works great in my pc (altough my mbp have a mcuh better specs)"
76561198041295402,Recommended,271240,14800733,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Faentoller,"I reccommend the game with the following caveats:- The price is high for an early access game (I paid $44 because of the weak Canadian dollar)- The gameplay is stripped down to include only economic forces. This is not Civilization or Anno 2070.- The tutorials are weak, with merely a popup explaining each faction at the start of each game.- I have not completed the campaign, so no comment there yet.- The interface is currently dominated by a lot of fast-changing numbers. You will spend more time looking at the numbers than you will at the playing field- The useful charts (stock price over time, resource price over time) are hidden in another menu that you have to switch out of the game view to get to.- Learderboards and leagues are not implemented yet- The game menus and buttons are not totally polished yet- Fonts were sometimes difficult to read on my laptop screen (1366x780)- Games tend to be one-sided as soon as a player begins to dominate. Last minute upsets are possible, but require skill and timing.-Late-game becomes entirely unnecessary once you get the hang of the mechanics (after playing a few skirmishes), this game desperately needs balancing.The overall game is very fun and fast-paced, much like Monopoly. This game essentially purifies the economic victory modes (domination) common to other RTSs, elevating resource gethering and market tactics to its own strategy genre."
76561198014276784,Recommended,271240,14866814,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,stephen,"Quite a fun game.. that is easily forgettable (seriously, I forgot I had this on my list until it updated). Still, I felt the hours I put into it were well worth the cash. Quite a bit of fun racing to buy out other companies, or getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because a rival dropped an underground nuke under my only water source."
76561198042802916,Recommended,271240,14979533,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,lukeyduke,"I've always enjoyed the economic side of Real Time Strategy games. Offworld Trading Company scratches my itch, gets me addicted, and then all of a sudden it's 1am and I have work in the morning.THE GOODThis is very polished for an early access game. Very polished.Games last between 30-45 minutes, which is perfect.The UI is very intuitive and I was able to figure it out quickly.A game with market, economic, and game theory. Yum.Frequent updates from the devs.THE BADThere are still a couple of bugs and balancing issues floating around. The devs are tackling these through the aforementioned frequent updates so it's really not a dealbreaker. And, after all, it IS early access.The AI can be very frustrating sometimes, buying you out in the space of 20 seconds and leaving you scratching your head as to where you went wrong. As with the previous point, this is something that the devs are aware of and they've already taken steps to resolve the problem.THE UGLYThis list is empty, because the game really is very pretty.Would wholeheartedly recommend. In fact, I've already bought this game as a gift for someone else!"
,Recommended,271240,14491363,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Damien,"I am enjoying this game a lot so far, but the one complaint i do have about it is the fact that i feel the game doesn't do well enough to inform you that something has happened to your resources. For example i lost a water pump to an underground nuke but didn't notice for a long amount of time. The notification did pop up at the top of the screen but it is too far out of the way of everything else you're doing managing resources and messing with the black market."
76561198095137375,Recommended,271240,14579650,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,djduncan1,"To be honest, I was a skeptical when I first saw this game and read some of the reviews here, though I've wanted a developer to pick up this very concept for years. Thank God Mohawk Games has taken on this title! The price felt a little steep at first, but it's actually reasonable given its replayability, how unique each game is, and the fact that it's not yet a finished project. If you love economic simulation, this game is absolutely for you! The AI is challenging and each win feels earned. While games don't last that long, they're usually intense and full of action.I have literally spent 1/3 of the past day playing this game, and I regret nothing!(Notes to developers: I have found only one glitch in the game- when Goon Squad icons are placed next to eachother they sometimes overlap as though they are projected on a thumbnail and cover up parts of icons in the background.Also, the scrolling mechaning was somewhat difficult to get used to, and though I am used to it now, I think you should consider edge-scrolling would be greatly appreciated by new players.)All and all, really great game. I give it a 9/10, even as is. I am sure that by final product it will be truly great."
76561198025172964,Recommended,271240,14634604,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Peethasaur,"Love this game. Each game is similar in duration to something like Settlers of Catan (except real time). As other have said, it's not a Civ type game where you spend weeks developing a civilization across the world. These matches were made to take about 45 min, and meant to be played comptetively online. That said, the AI is very good if you don't want to play others.Essentially, it plays out something like a Catan match would. You mine resources and then fight for the exclusive production of them. You also buy/sell from/to the 'bank'. Prices of resources are determined automatically by how much people are buying and selling. This means you can take strategies that short a resource you have a surplus of, and when the prices goes up you can sell your stash for a profit (the other players would hike the price up, because they must buy from the bank if they can't produce).You win by purchasing all of the stock of other players. Stock price is calculated by your total value (debt, cash on hand, production rate, HQ level, stock assets, etc.).The gameplay is great. God, I hope the voices get a makeover..."
76561197964405475,Recommended,271240,14854770,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,golad,"Excellent game, still needs some balancing and a better campaign but that is coming."
,Recommended,271240,14565033,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Hakan,"I recommend, a great game."
,Recommended,271240,14499325,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bazinga!,"I like this game and I think it uses a market system beautifully. However, I think allowing the player to set a starting price for their own sale of goods might lead to a more competitive edge in terms of pricing, because the value of goods are not worth exactly what the seller says they are, its up to the buyer. So in a way the market in the game is not a truly free market where the price mechanism reflects the condition of the market because often times you are encouraged to instead sell things that might lend a good profit instead of selling things that ARE returning a good profit. The price of a good refects the entirey of its condition meaning the availability of the materials and the ease of production, and of course, its demand.Other than that minor thing I think the game is solid, however I dont think its worth $35.99. Maybe $29.99."
76561198062229307,Recommended,271240,14505595,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,NickWojo531,"Super fun game. Very challenging at times. I just wish the games had more variety when it comes to end game objectives. Buying out other companies just happens too fast. I wish the games were longer, without having to play on snail speed."
76561198026421975,Recommended,271240,15132341,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,cgbspander,"Very nice, fresh and promising strategy game. Looking forward."
76561197970497094,Recommended,271240,14487866,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SpectreWolf,"This game is fun, though very unstable at this point.  Good graphics, good models and sounds, really enjoyable gameplay, they just need a few more months of beta testing to make it stop frequently crashing.I would recommend waiting a few months for them to get it more stable (maybe April or June).Also, it currently does not support offline mode.  A developer comment on the forums says that offline support for single play is coming, so yea, it's a work in progress.A side note, I find the concept for the game really interesting.  They've also implemented quite a few factor to help level the playfield for all the players involved.  Fun, unique idea, I really like it."
76561198072336810,Recommended,271240,14489250,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Trackelurium,"Okay, my first experience of this game is very similar to board games like Settlers of Catan. I try to find nice places to harvest resources, I expand and try my best to gather the most points.Unlike Settlers, there is more to this game that only resource gathering and expansion, aspects I haven't understood or learnt yet. So I lose...But losing doesn't feel like failure, it feels like learning. And that I think is because of the game. It beats you but only to make you learn. Me, I like that.It is a mechanical game, it's mostly about making the right decisions long term vs short term. When I link my only two sources of power I get bonuses but become vulnerable to sabotage. I gamble that I can make it. Afterwards, I get sabotaged and lose some time later, I'm bought out and lose. I play on ""employee"" level (low difficulty) and still I get my♥♥♥♥♥wooped.What I'm trying to say is that this is a challenging game with no easy path to victory, even on a low difficulty and after three playthroughs. Hopefully multiplayer will be equally enjoyable or more.So far I'm very satisfied with my purchase! =)"
,Recommended,271240,14490081,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Joeyjoefro,"Very good game, time slips through your fingers.The possibilites are endless.Look at all the money! Look at all the money!I feel that when there is more of a multi-player aspect that will be fun though."
,Recommended,271240,14510825,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Embolism,RTS that focuses on building your economy and strategicly screwing over the competition. It's still a little rough around the edges but the devolpers want to improve it based on early access feedback. This game is complete but still needs a little bit of balancing. Matches are 20-40 minutes so you won't be stuck playing 5 hour marathons like Civ.
,Recommended,271240,14514219,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,George W. Kush,"Just barely sneaks by as a positive recommendation.PROS:- Reinventing a genre that was dominated, for better or worse, by StarCraft & Total War- Interesting visuals- Solid pace, not too fast, not too slow- Exciting concept ripe for refinement and growth- NEWLY Added subsidiary concept is coolCONS:- Price tag - unless some major features are added later, this should really only be $20- Massive HUD- Not a lot of variation in games- Tutorials are very weakMost of the cons could be fixed before launch and I suspect they will be. Even though it's an awesome concept, the price tag is the biggest disappointment. Would recommend, but might be worth waiting til the price drops. Of course, if more content is added, $40 could be a very reasonable price."
76561198016076272,Recommended,271240,14524647,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Krepost,"If you like Anno, Civ, Starcraft, and construction/citybuilding games, you will like this game. I've never played a more pure economic RTS, and it does its job exceedingly well. There is a small and manageable set of well-defined mechanics which can be combined in endless combinations.It's hard though. You need to be able to predict the future, act on your predictions, and react to competitors at the same time. Try and corner the market. Watch what happens when you have the only good silicon resource and use the hacker array to drive up the price of glass. Suddenly everyone takes our your ability to make power and you go into huge debt. But now you can boost yourself up to the next HQ level and seize those last good carbon resources so you will have an advantage in electronics production and win the game.Unless someone destroys the only good silicon mine on the map. Your entire strategy depends on that one tile. Better hire some goons to protect it.Don't forget...The AI won't."
,Recommended,271240,14651312,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,jdavid.net,"This game is an interesting cross between Civilization, Starcraft, and a Tycoon Game.  It's really innovative, a lot of fun, and reminds me of the 1st time I played Starcraft.  I'm having a ton of fun playing the game, and I'm excited to watch the dev team work out some of the wierdness of gameplay.Games tend to last about 30min, and I wish at times I could dive into a long 4-8hr Civ version of it, but for multiplayer it seems about right.  I also hope they allow for a few more catch up mechanics, because right now once someone is ahead it seems like they stay ahead.  Also, buying up your stock doesn't seem to block the hostile takeover, which seems to come out of nowhere, in someways that's realistic, but in other ways, you would probably have an analyst telling you that a competitor is super cash heavy."
,Recommended,271240,14899300,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Porta1987,its very good game alot better than i thought tbh really enjoy playing it.
76561198023411729,Recommended,271240,14487232,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,htown,Unique and fun.
76561198008847048,Recommended,271240,14488546,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,mill72,"This game has great potential. It reminded me of the old transport tycoon games, but on friggin Mars. I have only played it a little and so far I have to give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,271240,14489230,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ethics Gradient,"It's a ""like"" from me, but a *very* weak like.  TL;DR - it's fun, but has some definite flaws, and is probably overpriced.  Giving it a 'like' because I still enjoy it, warts and all, but it's definitely not for everyone, particularly at the current price point.This is not a grand strategy game; this is a short and simple ""economic RTS"" that's probably closer to M.U.L.E. than anything else (but not nearly as fun).  Games are played on a small, randomized map, and finish in anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour or so.  The core gameplay is simple: claiming a limited number of resources, game the market and hobble your competition enough to buy out their stock before they buy out yours.  Some resources get consumed as upkeep, many of the rest are required for upgrades or advanced buldings, but at some point you reach a point of self-sufficiency, at which point everything surplus is for sale.What makes it interesting is the various ways in which you can try to kneecap them by limiting resources, either by throwing one of a very small set of 'black market' attacks at them to disable buildings or resources, or by manipulating the market somehow.  Cut off their oxygen supply; don't sell surplus power; sabotage their mines; flood the market with the commodity that they rely on as a cash source.  The supply chains are long enough that there's usually a weak point in everyone's, and finding and attacking your opponents' while adapting to attacks on your own is the main challenge of the game.What makes it not interesting is that there's a strong self-reinforcing going on; if you start out ahead, you have the resources to keep your competitors under your heel.  If you start out behind, it can be almost impossible to get ahead.  By the time you've hit the mid-game (base upgrade level 3-4 where you start becoming self-sufficient) you usually know who the winner is going to be.  The bulk of the interaction between players happens in the market at one remove, so it's sometimes hard to tell that you're competing against other players rather than an arbitrary resource cost.  It feels like more of a race than a fight.There's also some interface issues; it's very sluggish, particularly towards the end of a game, the text is too small, and the graphics are perhaps best described as 'functional'.So all that said, it's entertaining, but perhaps not at the price point."
76561197976884847,Recommended,271240,14500144,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Aether,"Great concept! Well exicuted!There's not too many ""Economic"" simulation/stratagy games out there; largely due to the challange of making them fun, beyond numbercrunching your way to victory. This game hits that mark! It has a strong core concept and design; and as this is Early Dev. version, I imagine it will get better with a little polish and balance tweeking twords final version.This is an Early Release game that is completely playable, As Is.I found the begining tutorial maps easy, but by the final, I was defeated. I also lost both Campaing maps I palyed thus far, but I had fun anyway! The game is deceptivley simple; I found the AI to be the most challangeing in any game I've played thus far. This may be off putting to some, but once again: it Early Release, so there is likely to be AI tweeking before final version.I highly recomend this title."
76561198060365357,Recommended,271240,14504674,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,keshaikol,"really enjoyin this. though as others hav said, quite a few downsides.really bad tutorials. got to the 3rd one and give up cuz i had no fckn clue wht i was doin. jumped into campaign mode. enjoy playing it even though im not sure what im doing. at time my money is disappearin faster than i can make it and my debt is piling up although i havnt seen any downside to havin a huge dept. i bid on random plots of land tht show up in the market and win regardless of how mch i hav. the game seems far to fast paced i hav yet to set up a building to trade off world. always bought out before i can do this. which kinda takes away from the title.but i do enjoy playin it. i think it has real potential. ill keep playin it until somethin click and i finally understand enough to compete with other players.jist is...needs better tutorials and a slower pace. i dont mind sittin playin one match for hours. id prefer it to building things randomly and hoping wht im doin is goin to pay off. so recomending this game on its potential"
,Recommended,271240,14505907,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,AddMeGamers,It took me just 13 hours :) and i think iam doing very well. The learning curve is steap. But the end results are amazing. A few bugs here and there but i can tell the end product will be great. Did a quick video with some basic tips and trick for anybody willing to take the plunge.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hof6-UH5qqU
76561197969857450,Recommended,271240,14506851,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ubermensch,"A little slow at first but then.... BAM, addicted!Probably the best early access game I have played.A few observations:Game's core mechanics feel really dailed in! Im sure only minor changes are neededGame help/tutorial could be improved, it took me 3-4 games to really understand how each ""race"" workedGame doesnt last very long: would like to see more knobs to make the match last longer in single player modeShort campain: looking for more depth and challenge in the campaignPolish: user interface is a little rough around the edges, but this is expected with eary accessResource event sounds are extemely annoying :PI cant wait to see how this develops in the next year."
76561198004268456,Recommended,271240,14507744,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Loonatic,"For an early access game it is pretty good.  Most early access games I have tried are usually not without issues, but so far not this one.  At least none that I have found.  It is quite challenging and I have had my share of butt whippings, but yet I still go back for more.I have not notice any bugs yet, nor is my pc running hot like a few others have mentioned in their reviews.  Thumbs up so far...."
,Recommended,271240,14508228,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,M. Night Shyamalan,This is the best game on steam is it real unique its not a game of who has the fastest clicker like starcraft its solely focused on thinking and strategy. Truley unique and is a random experience each time you play it.
76561197970799707,Recommended,271240,14517263,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Insane amount of potential, and it is already a fantastic trading RTS.If you have any interest in competitive strategy, do not hesitate to buy it."
76561198011888623,Recommended,271240,14579665,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Heisenberg,"I would recommend the game. My best friend also owns it so we have spent plenty of time buying out computer players at this point. I see high replay value with both single and multiplayer.The games I've played were played at snail pace with my friend and I against 6 computer players. Each game lasts about an hour or so with either one or both of us claiming victory (I guess it's time to try a higher difficulty). If you are on the fence about buying the game and looking for a close relative to compare it to, try Sid Meier's Railroads. You take raw resources, convert them into something else and prepare to flood the market. Offworld adds price fluxuation, espionage, and rockets to melt down into a pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥game.As with most games, there are things I would like to see done differently.They are:Being able to move claims. Once you claim a spot it is your forever. So you put out an iron mine, iron will carry us forever- right?? WRONG! Iron tanks and you are left with a claim in the middle of nowhere. So now you are stuck with an iron spot and torn between adding to your already robust power production and bring in an extra $1.00/hour or have a randon electronics factory making peanuts becuase it is all alone.When buying a computer player out, it would be nice to be able to adopt or use their building principles. For expample. If playing as an expansive player and you buy a scientific player, you should be able to build a scientific steel mill directly on top of an iron resource.Other than that, the game is very good and I would recommend buying it if you are interested in economic type games."
,Recommended,271240,14589735,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Eiite,"Great game, easy to pick up, difficult to master. Minimalistic in size and nature. Very fun resource based strategy game. Could be a bit cheaper."
,Recommended,271240,14591230,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,BellyBDwarf,"OK!This game is from its feeling and from the handling more like C&C than Civ. But it still has Civ components. It is, from a gameplay perspective a revolution. Taking the RTS genre into an area that is normally occupied by build up strategy like the ANNO Series or an 4X Game like Civ 5, Offworld Trade Company brings a unique and fun gameplay that is, in itself, quite a revolution.What is it aboutYou play one of 4 factions with small changes to gameplay but no great differences like in Star Craft and land on the face of Mars. Your job is to gather resources, turn them into products and sell them to your competitors or to the Offworld market.The market on the ground changes. If Iron is rare, the price goes up.You win against your opponents by outsmarting them, sabotage them and, in the end, buying their stocks from them.It's quite challenging in the higher difficult levels and provides loads of fun.Even for early access, the gameplay is solid, only few bugs are there at them moment.Due to a lack of single player gameplay I would recommend this game for Multiplayer Use only a the moment. A good campaign can change that, however."
76561198047250428,Recommended,271240,19918451,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KINGOFTHEDEAD,awesome game i recomend it
,Recommended,271240,22930157,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jameswsiii,"Having played the old M.U.L.E. game, I can definitely see the similarities.  I think this version is a more pleasant challenge."
76561197982877381,Recommended,271240,15204294,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dethstarr,"I usually prefer the pace and deep strategy of games like Civilzation but this has more than enough depth to keep it interesting combined with a far faster paced game that will punish you for taking your eye off the prize for a moment.  Really good fun and a good control system which means you dont spend forever simply learning how to do things.  Easy to pick up but hard to master.Pretty original, refreshing and well put together."
,Recommended,271240,18465252,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,NotTooSharpie,Very fun game. Probably one of the best business simulator games I have played. 9/10
76561198007536532,Recommended,271240,27033510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fjord,The depth here is incredible for a game so easy to get into.When I boosted my semiconductor production efficiency by 50% it crashed the market for semiconductors and ruined me! This game is simply smarter than the rest of the strategy genre.
,Recommended,271240,27124042,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Herring,This is a great multi-player game to play with friends.  The games are short and can be nicely cut-throat but the per-player difficulty means you can ease new players into the game slowly.Stealing critical resources at JUST the right time is a real skill too ;)I quite enjoyed the SP campaign though I didn't play the default one that much;  the new SP DLC is supposed to be good though.
,Recommended,271240,27015734,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zorbaz,"This game is so brilliant I am dumbfounded. If you like to read your enemies this is for you. I would with out qualm recommend this game. It can take a few tries to understand how it works, but by Aries. It will leave you crying and raging, laughing and dancing or maybe cooly calculating. The game is based around the ideal that you will be able to turn a profit in a highly intense and tightly planned situation. I have played in the November Tournament and it was great fun! The real show begins when you start to use the multiplayer portion of the game. Please do not get me wrong, the AI is pretty good but the Player on Player engament is very well done!After the newest Io DLC, I still enjoy this game. It adds Two new factions, these factions add some unique flavor to the game beyond the original 4 factions you see on Mars. I would reccommend getting just the base game to start, then maybe getting the Blue Chip DLC, as it helps you learn more of the deeper aspects of the game. Once your comfortable with these I would reccommend playing on Ceres and Io, both Ceres and Io are much harsher enviroments, so the prices are generally higher, and the goods can be tougher to make. Higher prices, also means more money can be made, so as always it depends on if your up for the challange!Without reservation this is a 5 of 5 kinda game!All of my Reviews are based on a 5 point scale. For referance 5s would be something I would remember five years from now. 4s are above average, and I would play them a lot. 3s are average, meaning I got some enjoyment out of it. 2s are just sad and 1s should never have been designed."
76561197976405171,Recommended,271240,30838459,Posted: 30 March,all,Pestie,Its a good game and worth the money.
76561198129332171,Recommended,271240,26067689,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,I'm spartacus,"Just completed the tutorial and got an honorary degree in economics.10/10. would make Mars great again, again."
,Recommended,271240,28105583,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tosayu,"Unique, polished, fun, worth it."
,Recommended,271240,31285396,Posted: 21 April,all,Mr. Turtle The Wall Builder,"Get this on sale with ""The Paton and the Patriot"" DLC. Why? The Multiplayer is kinda dead, you can find a match but don't count on it. However the Campaign is different every time and that DLC puts tons of new content into the game. The computer will give you more than a run for your money and that is at their normal difficulty setting. At that setting they don't get buffed. All the computer does is look for a need and try to meet it faster than you in the market, you have to build your base up and dodge the obsticles of a few subterfuge attempts (you can turn those off) and either supply and help build a colony to win a lucrative contract for your entire company, or buy out the competition.The Campaign takes place using the globe of Mars as the campaign map and the campaign can last a while, there are settings for shorter games. But I played a campaign and it lasted me about 3 hrs, I'm currently playing the long one and I expect it to be twice as long. Each time it is different, each map can have a random seed (you can control that), and this creates a huge amount of replayability. Just don't be suprised if you lose because the computer is stupid good.There is no combat in this game besides sabotage and the like, you use wits and economics to win."
76561197980829536,Recommended,271240,27701421,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sruffne,It is the evolution of RTS and Civilization you never knew you wanted.
,Recommended,271240,27708613,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rubix,I used to have a life.I used to have a family.Now....I have....An Offworld Trading Company.10/10
76561198058167864,Recommended,271240,27910799,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,nproe2,Love this game!
76561198031439060,Recommended,271240,27570954,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,<----- Confusing Profile Pic,This game is a pretty unique rts that completely blew my expectations out of the water. You should support the developers that way they can further expand this game and work on new exciting projects.
76561198080186155,Recommended,271240,16868586,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dangerlurking,In its current build I have a hard time not recomending it and recomending it so I am just recomending it to people who both like strategy games and games where you have to manage markets and buildings.First off the tutorials are terrible they give you one objective you complete it and nothing else happens you just wait in limbo for something new to appear for you to do so once I started a new campain as the scavengers the game is at the same time a stragey and a Market manager early game because of the tutorials it is confusing and daunting before the campaing even starts because you have to get operators for certain buildings like steel producing facilitys and so on I got a operator for a building that I found out was only acieveable in the later pard of the mid game so I had to wait for a pop up for auction to appear for a operator so I bid and the AI can be very overpowered early game so I get bidded out immedieatly.At this part I saved and quit once I play the game more I will update this review
76561198041027067,Recommended,271240,18256397,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,nsmith0723,"Great game, very polished for a early access."
,Recommended,271240,22727167,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Draktok,"I actually enjoy it , but don't play often. An hour here and there and it's a fun game. Especially against real people, it's intense."
76561197966664724,Recommended,271240,23898765,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BrandonBP,"This game is nicely done. It's very complex and difficult to master. If you enjoy economic simulations, this is a great one."
76561198077930302,Not Recommended,271240,21964880,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,seandoc12,"The way the campaign mode is currently structured is incredibly frustrating to play, as far as i'm aware the barrier that is put up in front of the player from building structures (mostly those that generate energy) that make the difference being running a surplus and a 200$ deficit can break a game, what is the problem? the engineers you buy before the game are randomly generated, and this does not make for a happy experience.  This may be just a rage sort of thing, but i'm not recommending this game, i was lucky to buy it during a sale. Buying it at the sales price is absolutely not worth it and a very bad idea. The game itself is a great concept, but right now as it stands (21.03.2016) Its not worth it."
76561198075620441,Recommended,271240,33363812,Posted: 7 July,all,Shadorin The Communist Cat,"Strategy games are my jam. Economics is an interesting subject. Sci-Fi is my favorite genre. This game has that all. The learning curve is tough and the expansions have been hit or miss in my opinion, but games like this are really fun to me. Competive base building, money management, corporate sabotage, and resource management are skills you will have to perfect, and it will take some practice. So I find the gameplay to be fun, but as far as other aspects as well it is also pretty good. The music is fitting and good, the graphics are pretty, the concept and feel are good, the game feels fair in PvP despite how bad I suck, and the optimization and ease of use are pretty solid. Overall I recommend this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,271240,33312401,Posted: 6 July,all,DioxideC,"Ive played 2.7 hours on just the tutorial and thats enough to realise this is one awesome game I shall be spending many more hours on.If you like resource managment games, city builders, strategy, rts style games, you will love this.If anyone is on the fence about this game I urge you to give it a go.But most certainly complete the tutorial first otherwise you will probably rage uninstall."
76561198383590060,Recommended,271240,31386210,Posted: 26 April,all,IanArcad,"As a sci fi economic RTS, Offworld Trading Company is a niche game, but for the right kind of player there's really nothing like it and I can't recommend it enough.  Single player, assuming you take advantages of saves and pauses, it plays like a tough simulation or even turn based game where you try to build a profitable company in a hostile environment before your AI opponents do.  But multiplayer is a whole different animal, it is fast and frantic, with split second strategic and economic decision making.  I played single player for months (on another platform), and stiil wasn't really ready for multiplayer, but I am having the time of my life trying to keep pace.  The music is also incredible.For those who familiar with the game but not the DLCs, the one to check out is Ceres, which is OTC but with some rule changes, new buildings, patents, etc.  The newest one, Io aka Jupiter's Forge is the same type of thing.  It's a lot of fun to see what works in these new environments and what doesn't."
76561198202713788,Recommended,271240,33059006,Posted: 30 June,all,Fuzzy(毛むくじゃら),Overall rating 9.2/10So this game has plenty of things to do such as the main campaign or just casual or ranked online. The campaign is detailed and also provides a decent tutorial but could use a bit of a improvement if you ignore it and it is the first time playing you may have a few issues playing by not understanding the mechanics. Online is fun to play and is very competetive but is loads of fun to play especially with friends. It is best to play some of the tutorial before trying online as without the tutorial you may not fully understand the games structure. I have so far enjoyed every moment so far and i plan to continue.
,Recommended,271240,33299394,Posted: 5 July,all,leethacks,"Definitely fun, especially with friends"
76561197961522599,Recommended,271240,31706926,Posted: 12 May,all,Ozymandias,"Not a typical RTS. Played it for several hours now, and will play lots of hours more.Fine difficulty and an addictive Gameplay. German localization is not perfect but for players with limited knowledge of the language, good enough.In my humble opinion, a gaming masterpiece. I love it :)"
76561197990723781,Recommended,271240,32008440,Posted: 27 May,all,Guaxanim,"It's okay, very repetitive it seems."
76561198035388982,Recommended,271240,32070093,Posted: 30 May,all,Der Kaufer,It is a great game. It's all about the money. You really have to enjoy finances and try to be as much efficient as possible. I would recommend this game to anyone who like a quick run en enjoy finance. If you are looking for a RTS better search elsewhere.
,Recommended,271240,31332289,Posted: 23 April,all,Dadversity,"The gameplay is fun, but it is absolutely ridiculous for basic features to be disabled until you buy two different DLCs.  Really?  Changing the duration of the game from 7 weeks to 4 weeks or 10 weeks requires DLC?  In what universe is that DLC?Edit: I'm changing my review to recommended, but leaving the initial complaint and editing the new reasons.  1. As mentioned, I do enjoy the gameplay. 2. The particular promised changes did come through, so that is a stand-up move on the dev's part.Having said that, if I were to give this a rating out of five stars, it'd be 3.5 or 4.  Along with this patch was yet another DLC.  I can't help but still feel nickle-and-dimed.  I realize it's not just this dev, but the system that is broken. But dev, kicking out a new free bit of content would refresh our interest in the game, and make us loyal to your brand."
76561198396288247,Recommended,271240,33487877,Posted: 12 July,all,thenishantdas,"Really good game. The music and the ambiance is great.  The game plays smoothly. You build a strong sense of how markets operate, how to handle competition, how to focus on making money, etc. all with the urgency of winning in time. The games are short and easy to play a game a day. It is a tough game though - Im still playing at employee level, however, Im  not in a hurry and know will eventually master it."
,Recommended,271240,34140586,Posted: 10 August,all,TylerBFree,"This is such a great game. There is so much more depth than what you might expect at first. Some people complain that there is only one strategy, but that's because they haven't learned enough about the game.The AI is really good at the game (it never needs to cheat). That's good because you can practice in single player before going to multiplayer, but it hurts your poor, poor, fragile ego to know that an AI beat you on ""Manager"" (normal) difficulty."
,Recommended,271240,28450068,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Degling,This is a really entertaining game! Even the turtorial missions are very entertaining - this might be a world first! (Rather.. Mars first?)
76561198063295725,Recommended,271240,24939009,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Rayden,"ARE WE GOIING TO SORT THIS PATCH PROPLEM OUT ON STEAM OR WHAT TAKEN AGES TO SORT OUT ,PLEASE FIX AS SOON AS POSS WANT TO PLAY THE GAME BEEN AN AGE THANKYOU.???"
76561197995242467,Recommended,271240,21955659,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Dee-Jay,"Monopoly, Railroad tycoon and the feel of a classic RTS but no guns, just business weapons only.  Great little game."
,Recommended,271240,19424106,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jachymor,"The Guild IN SPACE!Pro: Minimalistic and beautiful artstyle. Tense mining, trading and buyout action.Con: Not fleshed out enough for the full price. Too many sabotage acts become frustrating.A solid economy game which grows tense as bases are fully built and players race to buy enough stocks to take over other players. Tutorials and tooltips need more love. 40€ is too high, especially for early access. Do not go over 20€ on this one, if lower its a safe bet for fans of Anno and the Guild."
,Recommended,271240,18373503,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,StellarShade,"its nice to play a game that isnt about killing, ive had alot of fun with this except for the black market. im not a fan of it, i dont like to use it and im forced to because of the other players. i know you can host your own game with it turned off but most people dont play with out it. i havent played in awhile because of this..."
76561197976327138,Recommended,271240,22772629,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,becephalus,A great game with an interesting and fun concept.  Works well in single and multiplayer and the campagin is well designed for the type of game.  Cannot wait to spend more time with it.
76561197978519385,Recommended,271240,15179178,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pathogen,"It's absolutely M.U.L.E. re-imagined, and it's a fabulous implementation.  Instead of turn-based, it's in real-time and the improved way of surveying plots is much more interesting.  The elimination rounds are also a fabulous idea; makes it less repetitive.   Perk buildings and espionage are a lot of fun.  Really great early access.Price is a bit much for a 30 year old game concept, but they've added so many mechanics on top if the original it really is it's own game.Mac port is shaky and the performance is poor.  Windows side is solid, though."
76561198067959949,Recommended,271240,28812222,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bulbatrs,"I had a lot of fun playing this game and I think the execution of economy and rts mix is well done.At the same time the campaign is rather short  and the game could use  more content overall. I am not sure if it's worth the pricetag, but it's fun."
76561197983296736,Not Recommended,271240,22855815,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BlueBallz,"So I got this for $29.99 on sale. After playing, this should be  a $19.99 game when not on sale. I wouldn't pay more than $10 if I had to do it over.Gameplay is unique. It is kind of a shallow railroad tycoon meets frenzyfied rts like anno. Nice time killer but nothing more.""No"" rating simply because the price I paid is not worth it, however it is a fun game."
76561198021451842,Not Recommended,271240,22737375,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MaLiCe,Nice game... but really not worth the amount of cash it's asking for. Very quickly hit a build ceiling. Discovered all there is to the game in under 3 hours of game-play.  Sad buy.
76561198031777870,Not Recommended,271240,22863092,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Terry,"While sure very interesting concept, not sure that it is worth the gigantic price.The game is very simple and I wouldn't say rewarding.It present the capitalism in all it's brutality and I am not sure if that is very entertaining."
76561197989737094,Not Recommended,271240,29807289,Posted: 9 February,all,Traksimuss,Gets repetitive too quickly.
,Not Recommended,271240,18981435,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Teleprovider,"Unbalanced gaming system. Ai cheat without disaster harming them.Maybe, this is bad board gaming balance? But, it was a mistake for buying this game when similar game developed by StarDock were crashing and poorly stable.StarDock should always be taken with a grain of salt. Test  the games before buying it if you know what I mean and if you don't then ask other."
76561197971173854,Not Recommended,271240,26073637,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,RUFiO,"I made it through most of the tutorials and was hoping the game would be more.  Ultimately I don't think it has too much replayability, although I didn't venture into online multiplayer.  I'm requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,271240,14874851,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Liquidthex,I thought I was getting into a nice EcoSim but it turned out to be a horrible RTS game disgusted as Ecosim :(Sadness. I wish I could get a refund for this.
,Not Recommended,271240,23633964,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Lord Byte,"It seemed great at first, a economy / builder game. But then you see what it really is. A weak RTS that you play in twenty minutes flat. And a boring one at that. Pick a resource, hog it and hope others need it more than you need other resources.The only difference is some basic mechanics between the factions, and the black market.The black market gets more expensive the more you use it, and the only thing it does is delay or destroy things, or stop other from doing the same. A simple binary PVP system with exponential cost. BORING.The AI? Boring, the moment you look anywhere close to winning, the AI will nuke you into orbit with the black market, something you can hardly do anything against, and it just delays the inevitable. If you're not winning you still get annoyed by those black market shennanigans but it means that the AI will beat you anyway.Simply put, flat, boring gameplay, the only spikes are annoyance. Might be mildly fun VS human players, but then I'd go for a real RTS instead of this binary system where the richest wins ANYWAY."
,Recommended,271240,25940546,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,literallywut,This game is more challenging than it first seems to be
,Recommended,271240,14481195,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,cRAGGLE_Oz,Still havn't passed the scientific tutorial after 10 goes. 0/10 yet 10/10..After this review they patched the game and made the scientific tutorial easier.. passed it the first time.. maybe too easy now..
76561198034225915,Not Recommended,271240,31034367,Posted: 9 April,all,Blackdread,"I tried, at the beginning some players on it, now it is empty.Need to have a decent computer to be able to play.Not really deep for a RTS"
76561198024396649,Not Recommended,271240,34316639,Posted: 17 August,all,TristanD79 (DJ StankDaddy),"Has little replay value, and base building isnt a major selling point"
,Not Recommended,271240,14721134,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ToadStoned,"Not even offworld, I’d expected to colonize distant stars and asteroid belts in a galaxy setting. This game just feel really limited, even in its early stage. We'll see if I change my mind about this rating if this game brings even more."
76561198030598611,Not Recommended,271240,31690280,Posted: 11 May,all,-=WavE=-,Ever looked for a game that have no graphix and run at chopy 15fps 640x480 on you brand new nvidia card ?Look no more !Buy offworld trading company now and aditionaly you get a pack of random freezes absolutly for free!
,Recommended,271240,15100521,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,oilbucket,i love the game so far (only played 1 game lol) im having an issue though... my sound is not sync. with what is happening on the screen. could anybody help with that? plz contact me. it isn't a huge issue though the 2 second lag ain't that great either
,Recommended,271240,14456576,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,goodasgold,Very fun. I really like the dynamics alot.
,Not Recommended,271240,20576450,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DwarfComic,Eh.... not really deep.
76561198130827112,Recommended,271240,32618004,Posted: 21 June,all,Paul,This is an addictive game.  It's like a futuristic version of Monopoly.
,Not Recommended,271240,26437504,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,mr.Badim,"I liked the game, and so on. Quate fun and addicting.But campaigs are limited to 7 turns of play - used to.But not anymore - you can now play even 10 turns, but only if you will pay 5$ more.I dont mind paying for some new stuff - like new HQ for example. But not to change options."
,Not Recommended,271240,24146219,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Vryaer,"This game is near unplayable. I question the need for the core game mechanic Black market which give you the option of using underhanded means of targeting your enemies. The Black market makes the game near unplayable in certain circumstances like when enemy players or AI can work together or alone to disable large portions of your facilities. You won't be able to almost anything about it due the only sole defense option, Goon Squad, only works for about half or less of the black market attacks. This is under the assumption that you even got to use the Goon squad because sometimes it is unavailable for example during the campaign some missions don't include the Goon Squad. Even in the case where you have a Goon Squad on a facility that facility can still be attacked unless the facility is targeted directly instead of as a consequence of another building being attacked in the vicinity it will not be triggered. Even worse is that in most circumstances you have to put buildings of the same type close together to get adjacency bonuses. Otherwise the buildings effectiveness doesn't provide enough resources you need in enough quantities with some exceptions depending on what resources you are using the most. In the end considering that this game is not an early access game but a full release you can't count on these issues being fixed so I can't recommend that anyone buy this game."
76561198036817747,Not Recommended,271240,15908726,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,shepb,How do you buy other companies out? How am i bought out? Why wont it allow me to purchase other companies stock?
,Recommended,271240,21375257,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dubara,İyi.
76561198061405743,Not Recommended,271240,22700390,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SirMars,Not much replayability tbh.. Gets rather boring after a bit.
76561198341435880,Recommended,271240,34461211,Posted: 24 August,all,Merchantblood,Pretty good economic-stategy game. Just it needs more players.
76561198217503597,Recommended,271240,31760163,Posted: 14 May,all,Wind,good
76561198030899632,Not Recommended,271240,35187573,Posted: 24 September,all,YoureUhPeein,"The game has a pretty cool idea, but the victory conditions just ruin the game.  On skirmish, about 15 minutes into the game I will just get things going and out of no where an AI just buys all of my stock and its game over.  I played the campaign it is the same thing.  Basically I got Aluminum, steel, and energy.  Then I built a chemical factory and use the chemicals to research carbon scrubbing and teleportation.  Then just out of no where the game was over because the competitor bought more modules.  The victory conditions would make sense if you wanted to play a lightning round in multiplayer but anything other than that it just is frustrating."
76561198028343037,Not Recommended,271240,31754507,Posted: 14 May,all,adept_the,"I bought this game hoping for a long-haul strategy game, similar to the economic campaign in Stronghold 2, or Banished. However, it plays more like the opening rush of Starcraft vs agressive Zerg. I guess that'd be fine if that's what you're after, but it's very different to how it appeared. Unfortunatly, I took my time with the tutorials so I didn't find it's true colours until after the play limit for returning a game. Rather disapointed."
,Recommended,271240,23757834,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"Everything is fixed, works great. fun game. reccomended, watch some you tube videos to see if ull like it"
,Recommended,271240,20240070,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,FRM,this is an amazing rts and compleately different from anything made before it!buy it but only when it's on sale since it's good but not 40euros early-acces good
76561198046876319,Recommended,271240,22836876,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,wroz,I love this game.
,Recommended,271240,16269465,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,WillHellmm,"I love this game! Great game! There needs more, and more players!"
,Recommended,271240,17783866,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,blogsg1,hahaha you don't need money to be an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....well maybe enough for this game.
76561198101226232,Recommended,271240,16527218,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,NotAWaffleIron,"I just bought this game for 20 dollars and haven't played it that much, but it looks very promising and it is only in beta!"
,Recommended,271240,15067514,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ducky848,"It needs work. I mean, you basically rush to buy each other out each game. There's almost no point. You get all the way to the end, finally pay off your debt, and finally start making profit, and then the AI buys you out - even though you own majority share of the company. Because the game is fairly retawddeed. I mean, you can't just outright buy a company if you don't own enough shares. So why does that happen man? Frustrating? You're damn right it is. It's not even fair warned, it's just out of nowhere a popup window that says you we're bought, and gained 3 trillion dollars that you'll never spend because the game is over, the end, period.And on that note, why is it that we have to buy shares of our own company. I own it right? Or am I just leasing the property... Thought I was the CEO.I like the fun of it, it has potential, it really does. But right now I can barely sit and play more than 2 matches. The buy out feature really kills it.And it needs combat, direly. Lawsuits and disgrunteled employees with guns, at the least.Because by the end of the match you wish you could just run through their company office with a tank and smoke a cigarette afterwards. Virtually, and literally.The ""underground nukes"" are only as rewarding as the sound effect, and that fades, quickly.I'm only upvoting/recommending the game, because I think one day it will be better.And the first 10 matches are really invigorating, until you realize the above mentioned things.Also, be aware that the UI lags. I have a core i7 3930k and a gtx 670, all overclocked, running on an SSD, and it still lags pretty hard - still in beta, to be expected. Just an fyi.It's a bit funny, as a programmer, because they just need to run the UI in a separate thread. It's a simple fix, they just haven't figured out how do it right yet. I personally would never, ever, put UI loops in the frame or frame buffer loop, it's just bad design. If one lags, both lag.Man I wish I had my degree already, so I could get hired by companies like this to fix their games for them. I'm not arrogant, but damn like how hard is it to make a game like this correctly. It's barely 3d, no combat, just numbers and sprites.The AI is probably one massive set of If..Else statements, IN A LOOP. gawd.Great concept, terrible deployment. So far. I will wait for the final release."
76561197993628149,Recommended,271240,14472260,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cypuss,"i like it alot. but need more things to do. like bild more Stuf as Robost luxury Goods  ect. to bild op your engine.Maby som Strom or Eviremt, but it can still com. but as is. i like it. but hop for more to com"
,Recommended,271240,21893333,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kahmos,This is the most elegant strategy game I've ever played.
76561198059254862,Recommended,271240,15606758,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RA1,Competitve busniess startegy game. What more do you want?And you get to buyout your oppnents! ++
,Recommended,271240,26025033,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sam,"Amazing game - the gameplay is just perfectly designed and balanced.  As a socialist I thought the laisez-faire tone might put me off a bit, but I got over it - that's how good the gameplay is! :P"
76561198036912315,Not Recommended,271240,22747282,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mguard,"The game is wawy too expensive for what it brings. It is definetely a good game, that I would recommend for half the price, but currently there is not enough to justify buying it."
,Not Recommended,271240,15818155,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Gadget,Ends way too fast.  Makes it not fun.
,Recommended,271240,31785989,Posted: 16 May,all,Catt,"It's okay but the campaign AI is bad cause it's designed to win by simply outcheating you, always first to upgrade and steal away the best tiles. And I'm not a fan of the campaign design where you don't outbuy the opponents cause debt becomes irrelevant.It's a good little economic sim but too fast paced for most players who were expecting something deeper and not along the lines of starcraft where you have to slap down buildings as quickly as possible."
76561198035198391,Not Recommended,271240,31888133,Posted: 21 May,all,stupid286,Over a dozen crashes in 4 hours of a game that has been fully released for over a year. Wanna try it?
76561198023628368,Not Recommended,271240,18704374,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Earth McFlat,Unplayayble.
76561198258581204,Recommended,271240,34512377,Posted: 26 August,all,pilot talk,5/5 wind turbines. Crush your competition in the name of Adam smith.
76561198369112209,Recommended,271240,32138757,Posted: 2 June,all,SeedMonk,"This game is awesome! Coming with a nice soundtrack and a good gameplay it's depth in advanced strategy behavior even according to the KI is getting me pretty stressed in a lot of gameplay sitiuations. I really can't understand how some of you can give this game bad review, it's challenging even if you are an experienced player. So there are still some challenges to come.I would recommend this game in any case."
76561198004080210,Recommended,271240,31667160,Posted: 10 May,all,Veyd,Very enjoyable.
76561197989876064,Recommended,271240,31049524,Posted: 9 April,all,Ollympo,"I love the game, but for some reason after the last update my mouse isn't able to select anything, basicacly cannot start a game or even quit.Anyone with the same problem?"
76561198048003505,Recommended,271240,28446095,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheEntireSovietUnion,In this game you commit domestic terrorism because a number on your screen isn't big enough.
76561198092525730,Recommended,271240,33017474,Posted: 29 June,all,PandaBear,Great game. Totally worth the money.
,Recommended,271240,35176220,Posted: 24 September,all,Skeletor,Haha I bought this game for 90p on♥♥♥♥♥xd
76561197992948791,Recommended,271240,23129516,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Salt,"It's like what Monopoly would be like if it was a good game, set on Mars."
76561198012302079,Not Recommended,271240,30052857,Posted: 20 February,all,VolumeOne90,"Nope.  Single player / against AI is pretty bad.This game has no excitement to it.  Instead of attacking you can harass and annoy, but its just a boring resource management game.  Limited construction since you get a certain number of tiles you can build on.  Try predicting and riding the waves of commodity prices.The only resource economic game that I enjoy is Settlers of Catan.  I don't get the point of this game, this would be better as a board game maybe 10 years ago.Since you progress at an exponentional function, if you get too far behind, well there's no coming back.  I feel like this game is a ""pick your strategy"" and hope you luck out."
76561198045609291,Not Recommended,271240,23108622,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,lazythunk,Be careful before you buy. Game has been crashing occasionally since I bought it. Recent patch (?) made it unplayable due to crashes. (Crashes every single time right after starting a match now.)The tutorials and learning how to play took more than 2hrs especially with crashes. So I can't get a refund.
,Recommended,271240,23149621,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,I like it. Some really fun gameplay mechanics. I haven't seen many games like this before. 7.5/10.
76561198166497716,Recommended,271240,23150506,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,dotguy18,Great game!9/10Easy to play and mange!
76561197981370433,Recommended,271240,23046091,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zeleboba,"Very addictive. Go ahead and try it, totaly worth every cent!"
76561198058744245,Not Recommended,271240,23031838,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,wh2342,"I've been playing for a couple of hours into both skirmshes and campaigns. Easy to understand, feels a bit repetitive after several hours and not a lot of things to do in the late game. Need more content to bring me back again."
,Recommended,271240,28198045,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,cRaZy_Ru$$IaN,"This is an AMAZING GAME. MUST PLAY if you like strategy and money-making games. I love the Donald Trump Puns, gotta say. HAHA just great. ""Make Mars great again...,"" ""Time to Build a Wall,"" and ""The Art of the Deal - You'll get tired of winning."" Love it. :D"
,Recommended,271240,17926445,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ZeroVapor,great game really enjoying it!
,Not Recommended,271240,16499446,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Raze.wittlesstax3,the game is fun BUT you end up waiting the hole game and can get screwed over very early and that make the game not fun a about half an hour of wasted time the game has a black market to protect you but you can only protect 1 building per goon squad and the emps and what not all hit multipule tiles
76561198081039152,Recommended,271240,21170315,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Terror Rabbit,"I like it, BUT I have no Idea what I'm doing. I don't know how to win, there is a break even which is (YOU GET FIRED) but you can have you stock the highest in the level. I don't really know how to add value to the company and the tutorial are like a 5 min crash course into econ 101 without a book."
,Recommended,271240,28868475,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,bnxb,economics... in space!
76561198011791246,Recommended,271240,18474213,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Kimppal,"Nice and fresh idea. Reminds me a bit of the game ""Capitalism"" from the 90's."
76561198085478794,Recommended,271240,14708914,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Old Bacon Eater,"I am truly enjoying this experience. Keeping in mind, I've only run through the tutorials at this point, and I do seem to be having some issues with graphics lag (this is likely due to my rig being slightly underpowered, can't be helped). But the simulation, particularly (for myself) with having to balance getting the resources you need to keep yourself afloat opposed to selling off resources to crush your opponents... most exhilarating mental exercise I've had in some time. Yes, get into the Early Access, stop whinging about the cost and join in. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,271240,14546974,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,viperman1271,"While I have only played an hour of this game, I have so far loved every minute. There are some small bugs, but its a pretty solid game for being Early Access. Of course, TTS voices are annoying, but I can live with them (for now)."
76561198012454803,Recommended,271240,14633964,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Wallification,"A fantastic combination of RTS and Economics - So far only played one match but have watched many a video on it, nothing quite beats the satisfaction of buying out your opponent rather than just blasting him to bits."
,Recommended,271240,14719741,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SlothKing347,"Very interesting, original, fun concept."
76561198162386598,Recommended,271240,14732852,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ElCuchoVieira,"Really like the game, very interesting approach to an RTS, however the tutorial was basically useless, I really like to play the game but the tutorial didn't really teach me anything, a better tutorial and this game would be 10/10"
76561198067262843,Recommended,271240,15167633,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,sbesea31,"Graphics are a bit naff but for the game itself, well erm...... yeh I suppose it is ok. Objectives to achieve would be nice. Sorry, I know this review probably doesn't help but it is hard to find something good or bad about the game. This is just an average game!"
,Recommended,271240,15475226,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Halceon,"The report comes in. The price of water has gone up another 10$ per unit.– Damnit! Scrap the labs, we're abandoning chemicals. Build pumps instead.– Sir, Asimov just bought another packet of our stock.– You know what, scrap the farms as well. We're not losing this business to that self important prick."
,Recommended,271240,14476068,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,maholic,like Railroad tycoon but with no railways :)
76561198025235402,Recommended,271240,14630570,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mage13lade,"I was originally skeptical since there was some concern over the constant need to remind us of Soren name dropping, but I couldn't resist the possibility of a price war with other players or even some computers.I have to say the game is fairly well made and is a nice new RTS genre with an economic war."
,Recommended,271240,14492947,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[PC] - Cobalt,Really liking this game! Super fun and neat to play. Can't wait to see what more this game will have to offer with more development time.
76561197961766576,Recommended,271240,14493422,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,<WSP>AssholeByBirth,this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ its a pvp game with out the old standard wars. plenty of♥♥♥♥♥♥bag things to do to the other players. no game is the same
,Recommended,271240,14482852,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SharperKnives,"Fun take on RTS.  No fighting, but plenty of aggressive business takovers."
,Recommended,271240,14494480,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DarkHuD,"We're on Mars. Resources are limited, and trade is king.Who needs large armies or airforces? Not us. If we want to destroy an opponent, we can nuke their resources, buy up all their stock, or even EMP their bases.The more you play, the more you upgrade. The more you upgrade, the  more claims you have on Mars. Be warned, just because you have more claims, doesn't mean you will win. You still need to make use of those claims to the best effect. If you've gone and claimed a bunch of resource nodes, it doesn't mean you're king, without the ability to smelt things.Got that under control? But what about air, water, power, fuel? Miss out on those limited Geothermal Vents? Well instead of awesome power production, you'll be stuck with solar, which doesn't work at night, or wind, which is less than 25% as effective as the vents, when you first start out.This strategy game requires actual strategy. You can't zerg rush the enemy base and win.Conquer Mars using brains, not brawn."
,Recommended,271240,14478240,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Damianll,"I do not write reviews for games.  I will also say that I quit preordering PC games due to the fact that a lot are released with many bugs (SimCity) and/or are stripped of many dynamic features of its predecessor, such as recent Civilization games.  However, I took a chance with this game as it is the first early access game that I have ever purchased.  I am shocked at the stability of the game and how much fun this game is given the fact that it is early access and within two days of release.  This game is worth the cash, especially with more on the way in regards to content.  I have only crashed once in my 14+ hours of gameplay.  Yes, there are things that could be balanced or added to increase the length of each map.  Also, I believe that the maps could be bigger, but they are nearly the perfect size for the current content.  The tutorials could use some work with directing you, but I learned quickly outside of the tutorials in the actual single-player after the AI beat me a couple of times.  Regardless, this game is extremely enjoyable, especially the single-player campaign.The single-player campaign adds a new dynamic that I find intriguing.  You are against a number of AI opponents going for different locations on a planet.  You do not face the same combination of AI opponents, usually, on the different locations.  If you win the map, then you (or the winning AI) own the map and the perks/income associated with the map are the winners to use for the next location.  Also, the remaining AI battle for some of the other locations while you are playing your map, but never more than the remaining opponents can fill up.  For instance, if there are 8 players including you, then you choose the location that you want to play.  The location can have one-three AI players (2-4, including you, of the 8 total).  This leaves 4-6 AI to battle for 2-3 of the other locations.  After every match, new locations open up.  Depending on the victory conditions (how well you win), you increase in the leaderboard of that campaign.  As you move through the campaign, you use your income to buy new engineers to enhance or unlock buildings, same for the AI winners of other maps.  Each map is different in size, terrain, rules, and some have events such as “dust storm,” which lowers the efficiency of any solar plants built on the map.This game is definitely worth buying as is and even more so knowing that the game will have more content added due to how early in the ""early access"" we are.  I highly recommend this.For those interested, I am running on:i7-4790kGTX 780 Ti16 Gigs RamWindows 8.1 Pro"
76561197992224474,Recommended,271240,14479693,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Pop,Enjoyable resource management/economic RTS.Not overly complex but with enough depth to entertain for competitive multiplayer matches.Monopolies important resources and out-tech your opponents with victory seemingly coming from buying out the other players.
,Recommended,271240,14480415,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,zzyzx,"OTC is an interesting, if frustrating sort of economic RTS game.  Despite the fact that I have yet to actually win a skirmish vs cpu game (though, I think this is largely to do with finding my footing) it continues to draw me back in.  It feels a lot like a cross between Sid Meier's Railroads competition with a dash of Settlers of Caitan thrown in.  I found it enjoyable.There is no combat, so hostile actions are all indirect.  It's all about managing economy.This kind of game may appeal to you if you happen to like games like Banished, or any of the economy based Tycoon games."
76561197972520317,Recommended,271240,14483045,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Spider,"a nice RTS, still in Alpha, crashes occasionally, and is worth getting in early, only good things to come with this diamond in the rough."
76561197961031285,Recommended,271240,14980572,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Velocibacon,This review is written during Beta.OTC is an expansion/economics game which combines a procedurally generated map (replete with varying forms and quantity of resources) and a 'market' feature in which you trade the resources with other in-game players. The enjoyment of this game comes from using your awareness of the overall availability of resources on the map to predict which will become more valuable as the game progresses. Do well and your personal stock price raises; buy out 100% of the stock in competing players to win the game in the default play mode.Matches take anywhere from 10 to 25 minutes in my experience and are usually enjoyable all the way through.
76561198008803738,Recommended,271240,15060539,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,bstonebalboa,"great game with huge potetial, i strongly reccomend it"
,Recommended,271240,21219207,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Commander Wolf,its nice to just sit in you chair and be the #1 player  watch you self get more money and buy out other players. and then all the sudden you get bought out by the smallest player. great game.
,Recommended,271240,29241645,Posted: 13 January,all,Moza,I liked it. Something different.
76561197997946718,Recommended,271240,27792858,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheGreesh,Making Mars great again. Time to build a wall.
76561197971716771,Recommended,271240,25187105,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Deathskull1987,great fun game!
,Recommended,271240,27844164,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NyTMare,really interesting game
76561197978996590,Recommended,271240,27941050,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jack Bauer,Great rethinking of a management game. Brings the economy aspect from big corporates into the genre in an interesting way. A must grab for strat/tycoon players.
76561198033014299,Recommended,271240,27631249,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sumitomachi,For RTS fans. A different way of thinking about your resources.
,Recommended,271240,27873985,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,robolove,"If you like good stuff, this is good stuff."
76561198043711986,Recommended,271240,14529800,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Skooma Addict,seems very promising bu wont even start a game on my computer
76561197972119392,Not Recommended,271240,27766411,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DOFW,"So much potential.  I really enjoyed the tutorial and initial challenge missions, but the game failed to open up (with more features/gameplay) as I expected.  The economy and overall gameplay ends up being too simplistic and the lack of storyline campaign is very dissapointing especially given the funny dialogue of the robots with you during the tutorial."
,Recommended,271240,31872164,Posted: 20 May,all,Darth_Dude,it needs skill oh and while youre at it start writing a justin beiber song and see how long till youre bought out
,Recommended,271240,32522020,Posted: 17 June,all,Admiral Obvious,"I'm pretty much writing this review since this game is my go-to game when i'm tired of all my other games.A very solid, economy based RTS, which is hard as a rock even against normal AI.A very compelling game for me.For those complaining about DLC, 1, it's all optional, 2, it doesn't change the game much, and 3, look at Paradox if you want an example of lots of DLC."
,Recommended,271240,31959113,Posted: 25 May,all,'Zakan Mikhael',This is a very good strategy game.  I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,271240,33142189,Posted: 2 July,all,Vulkos K.,The future of SpaceX in a video game :pBTW very good game.
76561198041938568,Recommended,271240,30862763,Posted: 31 March,all,Marciepanify,Great game!
76561198030907196,Recommended,271240,30896542,Posted: 2 April,all,oxoalan1,"A fantastic game.  A little hungry on graphics and CPU, so your system does need to be running competently.Great challenges and highly addictive."
,Recommended,271240,23754737,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Libertygeek,I don't have a lot of time invested in the game yet but what I do have I enjoyed.Offworld Trading Company takes the part of games that I normally don't care for and makes it into a unique game that I do.The game UI is good. It has a very nice tutorial as well. It performs well and I have yet to see any bugs.I can see myself spending many hours with OTC.
,Recommended,271240,20714009,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mesa176750,"Original idea, challenging concept. Early decisions have dire consequences. Short RTS games. Not worth $40, buy it on sale."
,Recommended,271240,23389881,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Demon,"I really like this game.  My favorite game genre has always been RTS, but I've never played one quite like this.  Truly an economic RTS.The game is fun and every match will be a bit the same, although completely different as far as how the market shakes out.I do wish there were a few big events or some kind of things that might add more variety from game to game.  But still excellent."
76561198009414482,Recommended,271240,32964201,Posted: 28 June,all,Jsd789,"Such an incredibly detailed and fun game! Tutorials are lengthy and seem daunting, but the game is very simple once you figure it out! Wish there were more HQ levels."
76561197972747905,Recommended,271240,32972598,Posted: 28 June,all,ActualBagofChips,Great game. Well balanced economy. But for god's sake; hire some English literate writers.  The dialogue is practically unreadable.
,Recommended,271240,18182997,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],"Very fun game. And since I bought it on sale it is a steal.Yes, it is early access but I havent found there to be not much to do. It will get even better as more is added though. I found that there were especally a low number of buildings and patents.Recommended it to friends."
76561197971904117,Recommended,271240,35191164,Posted: 24 September,all,NoN,Hard but satesfying.
,Not Recommended,271240,14454510,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,AussieGrunt,WARNING about purchasing OTC. The game requires a permanent internet connection and login to Steam to play.This will only encourage people to download pirated versions to play the single player campaign.
76561197964670192,Not Recommended,271240,16255523,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,haize,"Great until the last changes, now it's impossible to get going due to a massive outstanding debt you accrue for ""starting too soon""."
76561198138295259,Not Recommended,271240,28284361,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Northwatch,"I managed to get the game for like $10 on a sale... This is worth no more then that for this click spam simulator. By the time I understood the mechanics and how the game worked I had grow tired of it. It's a little fun, but lacks anything to keep you playing."
,Not Recommended,271240,14452998,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jzilla86,"This game is worth maybe $5.  After 2 hours of play I was forcing myself to continue.Balancing needs work,  Maps, factions, AI, the works...AI is terrible.  It looks like you are stomping all over them and then BAM game over because they mass bought your stock.Gameplay stops for auctions?  Still not sure of the point of this besides using it to raise your opponents debt.Market manipulation lacks the tools needed to forcast properly.  Basically buy low sell high and you win."
76561198027966658,Not Recommended,271240,31657081,Posted: 9 May,all,❀Torasan,"Don't be fooled by the name of this game,it's not the galaxy trade you thought , planet , colonies , vessels across the space , bargain with colonists or aliens , not that type .it's a story of commercial war ,filled will dirty tricks , price manipulating , and to achieve victory , you need to hostiletakeover all your enemies , of course you'll be the losing side for not using it. quiet realistic right?the Mars was no more than a background ,i won't be surprise even replaced it to sahara or amazon or himalaya or somewhere nobody lives .Although i dont recommand this game , i may still played it in future , but not for fun . I'll need this game to remind me how cruel and ridicule this world is , that tricks will always win the pragmatic .thanks this game to remind me how the real world is.1/10."
,Not Recommended,271240,29759254,Posted: 7 February,all,Morit2,At the beginning it is nice. But after after 5 hours it bored me to hell...
76561198080316533,Recommended,271240,16821177,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,madscyan,"Imagine the gameplay as being a sexy girl you hook up with in a bar.  You bring her home, and while getting laid youre thinking ""this is great, im almost there!""  And then just before the climax, she pulls out, put her clothes on and leave while saying ""you lost""This is how this game feels like.  Its a great game, its got a great recipe, but the core mechanics coupled with the victory condition (you buy all your opponent shares to win) makes it so the game stops really abruptly and you never feel like you could really achieve what you were meant to do.I still recommend this game as im pretty sure the developers are going to adress this issue since probably 572 out of the 573 reviewers are complaining about this issue, but as of now if id be you i would hold on until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥straight or else, especially with the rather high price tag, it WILL feel like a luxury escort taking off with your money before finishing you off!"
76561198001243832,Not Recommended,271240,34697986,Posted: 2 September,all,colecates44,I love the game very much played a lot during season two. However... most of the time there are at most 3 other players on the game even during peek hours. This game is very fun but NO ONE plays it :( I wish someone could do some marketing and get a few hundred or thousand of players and I would never look back Id could play forever.
,Not Recommended,271240,34516112,Posted: 26 August,all,CB,"This is a tough one for me to write. I really LIKE Off World Trading Company. It's pretty. The mechanics are neat. The concept is innovative.The interface is great. The gameplay is fun. EXCEPT. Losing is REALLY frustrating. Maybe RTS players are used to this kind of thing (I don't like RTS games, personally), but when I lose I expect to learn something. I want to know what happened. I want to understand, analyse and get better. I want to not be completely surprised by failure. OTC fails all these checks. Despite neat mechanics, losses are sudden, often unexpected, and rarely teach anything. You can be feeling like you are doing well, and suddenly get overwhelmed by an opponent that you didn't know what a threat, and you don't even know why. And often I was left with the feeling that if I had just had a few seconds of warning, I could have stopped it from happening, but it happens so fast...I'm NOT an easily frustrated person. I'm used to not being very good at games, and very frequently losing at them. I learn from my mistakes and I try again. But, this game is really frustrating for me, and despite all the rest of the good in it, the surprise, seemingly random losses get me mad, and gets up my blood pressure when I'm trying to just relax and play a cool economy-fighting game.So, you may hear all this and be like ""Sweet, I love that,"" but for my part, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198015366191,Not Recommended,271240,16478489,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,GismoTerminator,"Big Promises, but its actually all about the right buildorderthis is definitly no civ nor starcraft in economics"
,Recommended,271240,28397919,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DrunkinGames,Making Mars Great Again never felt so good
76561197987798780,Recommended,271240,25845950,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,hottt3,Too simple for a serious economic simulator. After winning one game I have no desire to play more.  5/10
76561198028140827,Not Recommended,271240,22849378,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Basher,"I really like the business aspect of the game, but the overly simplified game design ruined it for me.I think the designers aproach was to simplify the game until nothing else left, but only the elements that make the game mechanics work. I do not like this approach in PC games, the lack of freedom is very disappointing, when I want an experience like this, I play chess."
76561198110625096,Recommended,271240,14691986,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tigerrbalm,Just brought this game and spent 3 hours getting into it.. If your looking for an outlet for your inner tycoon then this is ideal..Reminds me some of the Planetary interaction from EVE online.After 3 hours I'm loving it and forsee many hostile takeovers in my future :)
76561198035866702,Recommended,271240,32144113,Posted: 2 June,all,Cire,Simply amazing.
76561198010604194,Not Recommended,271240,22987125,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Hubert,"Pretty disappointed by how simplistic it is. Feels like a ""babies first RTS"" game. Build paths are very limited, theres an obvious optimal path to follow for every race, its too easily solvable for moderately intelligent people. It's good for beginners but no real depth to it."
,Recommended,271240,22783852,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"https://youtu.be/3FGDp20OJRQAn  introductory look to Off-world Trading Company....a non-combat multiplayer resource/trading competition game with some indirect sabotage elements.For the right audience, the game is amazing and will appeal to any fan of the genre.  May not be for everybody, though.For full screen please visit:http://www.youtube.com/c/LittleMacscorner"
,Not Recommended,271240,21920898,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Keinash,"Not worth the money, boring as hell"
,Not Recommended,271240,17151774,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,huxt3r,I wasn't really into the gameplay - economic simulations just aren't my forte.
,Not Recommended,271240,23110577,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Segie,Linear gameplay with not much things to do. A litle too simply trading game with small or little gameplay time.
,Recommended,271240,26147643,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MS-DOS 6.22,"This game can be a serious challenge. But unlike other difficult games, this one will not turn you off.PROS:You got to place structures. That's fun, right? I'm not being sarcastic. I mean this. You can choose where to place them (with certain rules of course). Whether it's a combat RTS or an economic one like this, doesn't matter; how often do you get to do that these days? There's a very subtle Sim City feel beneath the surface, which someone of my age appreciates.Smart play is rewarded.It requires you to think. Yes, this is a PRO.It was developed by a man who was an important piece of the Civ III and Civ IV team (say what you will about IV, but I'm one of the IV lovers, and III was fantastic).CONS:While billed as an economic simulator (and it is, that's not a fib) the Black Market mechanic I feel is a bit overused, and makes it seem like a low-key combat type RTS as a secondary. I wouldn't mind doing without it.Learning curve. But don't let that scare you away.If you like to use the Steam discussions forum, there's very little response going on from players, and the few who are regulars can get a little... bothersome sometimes. (But as a PRO, the man behind the game itself responds in the forums!)In general, I am very pleased with this game. It might seem boring and too casual on the surface, but believe me, once you play it, you will see how exciting and tense things can get. Watch as you lose shares in your business! That's a big deal! Better secure your shares! Buy in to the competitors! But how? What can you produce for a profit? What can you ship? What can you take the hit on for having to purchase? You better decide what you can produce and what you have to buy, because if you try to do it all, you WILL FAIL.I give it a 7/10. 8s with me are rare, 9s rarer still and the day I give a game a 10 that's been produced after the golden age of PC gaming is the day Hell freezes over, so my 7 means a lot more than you think.My number 1 tip: Do not give up. Do not get frustrated. Accept when you screw up. There's always something to learn."
,Not Recommended,271240,16085703,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[CP] The GUY,"UPDATE: Again the old saved campaign are gone ... stay away form the game--UPDATE: The game improved a lot since May, still I am not sure if now the campaign will be saved across version, but I should say huge improvements. I would way few more months to buy eyes closed, on May I said: ""maybe if you can find it on sale at 3.99 or so it worth a try, but not it is not a 20+ quid game."" right now I would pay up to 8/9£ for the game------The game was ok, funny and fast,  challenging and quite addictive.With the last update it is now not possible to play.To slow to react, everything is slow, a huge step back on performances  none of the major issue are solved, I still cannot play the campaign as at the end of any level I need to reboot as no menu comes up and I cannot go back to the osx as all the special keys are disabled by the game, I tried to not at full screen but the edges of the window are so not precise that I cannot scroll or click the top icons.I also realised that you cannot resume a campaign if it is form a previous version of the game.Maybe if you can find it on sale at 3.99 or so it worth a try, but not it is not a 20+ quid game.-----"
,Recommended,271240,21102949,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,✪ ROYHAN,"one of the best critical thingking i have ever played even big name games such as simcity, big pharma and  city skyline doesn't compete in terms of the strategy based game"
,Recommended,271240,31592790,Posted: 6 May,all,Rocket,"It's alright, played it 10 hours"
76561197970849298,Not Recommended,271240,29929936,Posted: 14 February,all,Snotvomit,Get it if it's on sale.It's OK but no better than that.Then pay the same again (or more) for DLC which perhaps makes it a tiny bit better than OK.If you've played many RTS games then this game will probably just seem like a chewing exercise.Why am I downvoting it?  Because I expect more than OK and the whole DLC thing means that you need to spend twice as much in order to get the game anywhere near as good as the base game should be.Map editor is DLC that you have to pay for?The game is short but I imagine the DLC will extend it (overall) to a satisfactory length.  Maybe the DLC adds some - desperately needed - depth too?  I wouldn't know.   I already paid for the base game and came away disappointed so I'm not going to be spending the same amount again.Mediocre game.  Worth the money if heavily discounted.Worth the time?  Depends on how valuable your time is I suppose.
,Not Recommended,271240,31695089,Posted: 11 May,all,Dumpling Saint,Really don't understand this game. Not for me maybe someone will like it.
76561197968331161,Recommended,271240,34030251,Posted: 4 August,all,Danger,THis is a solid game I just couldn't get into it much.
,Not Recommended,271240,16237550,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Luna Prey,"The problem with this game is that not very many people play, so if you're wanting to play multiplayer, make sure you know friends you can play it with."
,Not Recommended,271240,22753089,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,NorseGod,"An interesting-enough game, but you hit the ceiling pretty quickly. Got about 5 hours worth of learning before the basic build orders clicked and after that it just became staring and spreadsheets and ""solving for X"". Was convinced to buy this in early access by someone who ""couldn't put this game down"". I haven't played more than 3 hours in the last year - just enough to check in and see what's improved. The answer: not nearly enough to justify the AAA price tag. Would be recommended at about a 3rd the price, but I guess Soren Johnson can't conceive that a game he worked on wasn't worth the big price tag."
,Not Recommended,271240,26400399,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[888],"the game it self has potential, but a must have basic feature does not exist,the missing feature is the ability to buy back my own stock!!!without that feature, the game is basically only a race to buy out other competitor,and that missing feature it self, makes it a no buy for me.sadly i'm past 2 hours of playtime, and i can't refund it !!!!@Dev : add the ability to buy back stock that has been bought by competitor !!!! without that feature, the game feels incomplete !!!!"
,Recommended,271240,35209479,Posted: 25 September,all,{อิคึ}♥Kimuchi_Desuka~,one positive for refund system
76561197995494613,Not Recommended,271240,30050947,Posted: 19 February,all,Shifticus,"Not really a business sim in any way, shape, or form. It is much more of just staring at a column of numbers and clicking them as then go higher or lower. There are very few strategic choices beyond the initial placement of your HQ. Overall things just look bland and feel unsatisfying. I paid $14 on sale for this, and it feel like it was at least $4 overpriced even at that."
76561198004033968,Not Recommended,271240,23288697,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Soju,I wanted to like this game.  It's very easy to learn and four different factions that each play differently is a nice idea for an economy game.  The problem is that it's just not fun.  You can max out all your buildings in about ten minutes and after that it's a game of fine tuning what you are producing and manipulating the market to drive prices up.  It's almost impossible to lose money so there's never any worry about that.  The only real point is to make money faster then your competitors so you can buy them out.  Offworld Trading Company is a good idea that just didn't work out.
,Recommended,271240,26071244,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Spitfire,good game...
76561197995699569,Recommended,271240,26054531,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pasha Kai,"Интересно, но слишком связаны руки при экспансии.Не честно, что комп развивается раза в полтора-два быстрее. Что спустя 10 сек после установки базы у компа уже второй уровень. :(Но сама игра забавна и поучительна, помогает играя понять базовые принципы торговли. Это важно."
,Recommended,271240,14993943,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,US NAVY Boii,"I love the game, could use some work but otherwise it's very fun. I love the RTS feel of it when I turn off the ability to pause the game. Makes the difficulty just a bit harder.The game is very fun with many companies fighting for dominance and it's definitely a breath of fresh air compared to other games in the genre.I'd reccommend playing this game."
76561197991784235,Recommended,271240,28396269,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,web,"an interesting and different type of strategy game, fun to play multiplayer"
76561197979010547,Recommended,271240,14483171,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jvc26,"Genuinely interesting take on RTS genre. Changing strategy from combat to economics, and forcing difficult early decisions on resource acquisition, balancing R&D and expansion, makes for a great game.Low barrier to entry (40 minutes should get you familiar with the game's structure), but without sacrificing depth and gameplay experience.Once familiar with the basics, this game offers some great new challenges! Recommended."
76561198012940376,Recommended,271240,18180759,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Ramxius,Good
,Recommended,271240,15397902,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SYN,For a game on early stages of it release the fomat and gfx really stand out for me the system has very few bits for my system and the actually game play is a solid fomat
76561198055525980,Recommended,271240,15648800,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SpartanJQI,great game. Hope they add marsines that live on high vauled tiles and you have to decide to be ther freinds or take the tile and if your there freinds you can buy resources from them for cheap then sell them to earth or other companys for more.
76561198003976697,Recommended,271240,27062127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,evilaliencarrot,Making money on martian resources was never so fun before!
,Recommended,271240,27114946,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zdai,Awesome game with great mechanics!
76561198063757889,Recommended,271240,33690824,Posted: 21 July,all,SwordOfJustice,This is a very nicely done game. It's simple to understand with a lot of strategy within it.
76561197991763071,Recommended,271240,31812015,Posted: 17 May,all,cinderblock,"Really fun, relaxing strategy game."
76561197970483712,Recommended,271240,22845516,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,vane303,"pretty cool trading game. a capitalist civ on speed  without real war - good ressource mgm, cool music - the drones need me :)"
,Recommended,271240,26057798,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,lockwoodx,Damn fun game if you enjoy board games. Worth the deluxe edition for 20 bucks because it comes with a free extra copy you can gift to a friend and this game has tons of great multiplayer/co-options.
,Recommended,271240,21514701,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Alaizon,unique. nothing else like it. imaginative and grounded in economics principles. i love this game.
76561198212461273,Not Recommended,271240,35036271,Posted: 17 September,all,mrmagolor,"While I do enjoy this game, I was expecting something different, as I am not a fan of fast-paced RTSes. If you are a fan of those, go ahead, buy it, but if not, it's most likely not worth your time."
76561198023304437,Not Recommended,271240,23826340,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zhorge,"Shallow, extremely short scenarios, lacks any kind of significant strategic depth, and, ulitimately, becomes very uninteresing as it's the same thing over-and-over-and-over.    And all this discovered in just 5 hours of game play.    Which is pretty sad as you'd think a stratagy-sim would dozens, at minium, of hours to expose itself."
,Not Recommended,271240,32117014,Posted: 1 June,all,swampfox357,Not worth it. One or two play-throughs is more than enough.
76561197998740055,Not Recommended,271240,21740685,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Spacemania,"This is the first game that I had to request a refund for - so that right there should set the tone for this review.For an economy RTS the game is very lacking in ingenuity and gameplay. It takes the consept of 4X gameplay and strip it to the absolute bare bones of the consept. You search for resourses, you claim the land, wait, repeat. The honestly is not a great deal more than that. Yes there are ""upgrade"" options and ""special ability"" options but the actions feel quite hollow. What also makes for a very big drawback for the game is that its tempo is very high and rounds could easily go by very quickly. I really do not see much hope for players in a multiplay enviroment who fall behind early (this part I did not experience, this is merely my impression). Essentially, from my perspective in any case, a player who falls behind by a step or two, they will be on a perminant treadmill until their demise with little hope of recovery unless the opponent makes a mistake or a♥♥♥♥♥♥break.Again to book-end a previous comment I made, this game is very hollow and a waste of money."
76561198001259080,Not Recommended,271240,25212422,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,dustwolfy,"The game could be so much more than it is.Building is not really enjoyable because you are limited to a small number of buildings. Plus there is no in-game advantage to building sensible supply routes, all route capacities are unlimited, local storage is unlimited.Trading is not really enjoyable because there is no real market, sold resources simply disappear you can sell more than the others are willing to buy. Buying shares is a joke and does not work like real shares at all.Combat is not really absent in that a key element of the game is destroying eachothers buildings. This makes the game unenjoyable to me. There is also (unrealistically) no advantage to being friendly to your neighbours, there is no AI dynamic in that view at all making your opponents feel like a bunch of 5-year-olds.All in all another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ time-busting game like candy crush."
76561197990933350,Not Recommended,271240,25193005,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ith,"Cool consept, but gets old fast..."
76561197972465771,Not Recommended,271240,22819131,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,56Kaveman,"I was looking forward to this game.Call me cheap but I don't often spend more than $15 on a game, I wait till the bugs have been ironed out and usually till games I like go on sale or I can at least check out a demo.Other than the GFX to me the essence of this game feels like a mobile game - I'm watching numbers on the left side of the screen and timing my plays accordingly.I have not mastered this game, not even close.  I can't see any patterns to the movement of the market and cannot successfully complete all of the Tutorial game missions (I've completed the tutorial).I'm disappointed with this game.  I expected some form of data analyisis to assist me in my decision making - I played Eve Online for a LONG time and played the markets successfully there, so I'm not an idiot.I wish it was a deeper game that I could get into .. it's likely going into my ""games collecting dust"" folder.   :("
76561198046038954,Not Recommended,271240,34684058,Posted: 2 September,all,Roadrunner65,"Most of the time that I've spent on this game has been going through the tutorials. The tutorial content is good and I felt like I had a good grasp of the game however when I actually began to play, it was over pretty quickly. Hostile takeover meant that I lost the game with little (obvious) warning.Felt frustrated and blindsided. It didn't motivate me to play more."
76561197992991951,Not Recommended,271240,32563869,Posted: 19 June,all,Boogie,it's a disappointment. very little actual strategymuch less fun then I have anticipated
,Not Recommended,271240,21952338,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,GameCharmer,"This may be early access, but the game won't stay running for more than 5 minutes at a time.  The crashes are constant.  If a game is completely unplayable, it shouldn't be on steam."
,Not Recommended,271240,28680375,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Packman,Can only play 10-15mintues then the game crashes.
76561198114453371,Recommended,271240,30629383,Posted: 19 March,all,Robert E Lee,"If you could distill competition into a fine wine, this would be it."
,Not Recommended,271240,30348590,Posted: 5 March,all,Kelson,Crashes constantly during tutorial
76561198007444123,Recommended,271240,31653264,Posted: 9 May,all,Pikatchu,Good game!
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,271240,30068308,Posted: 20 February,all,malcolmmackay224,"After playing this game for a few hours I think a better name for OTC would be ""Mars - the spreadsheet"".Lots of numbers, lots of tweaking numbers. I love playing strategy games but I don't OTC to be much fun. The references to the classic Dan/Dani Bunten game MULE had me fooled. I was hoping for an elegantly designed game with deep strategy, a modern take on MULE. There is nothing elegant about the design of OTC.If your idea of fun is trying to figure out whether paying a couple of thousand dollars to increase the price of a resource by five dollars for 20 seconds is the optimal strategy, OTC may be the game for you. So many choices to make but none of them are particularly interesting.If you want to get a feel for the level of mind numbing detail in OTC, read the free Almanac before buying the game. This poorly written document is chock full of formulas - this game must have been designed by a programmer. I'm a programmer myself, but I don't want to tinker with formulas for fun.I've heard of other Stardock games being referred to as spreadsheet games. I thought OTC might be different but it seems that Stardock lacks the creative energy that is essential for creating compelling games."
76561198031403745,Not Recommended,271240,23365021,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dgarneau,"Sounded cool, so I bought it.  Can't even run the tutorial without it freezing up.  I see other people saying good things about this game, but I'm not sure how they even get it to work.  I have lots of other Steam games, and this is the only one that has an issue.  Does it have some bizarre system requirements, like you have to be running Windows 10 or something?"
,Recommended,271240,28817765,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Noblesdown,"Polished game with quality game mechanics, but I am disappointed in the use of Trump inspired quotes (""you'll get tired of winning"", ""build a wall"", etc.)  is nauseating as he is dangerous to the world and should not be used to provide levity, or treated as if his statements or actions are appropriate in civilized society. Some younger gamers will play this and think his antics are playful and the source of mirth and jokes, without understanding the damages we will suffer from his policies and the lives that will be lost due to his actions."
76561198238614176,Recommended,271240,31246099,Posted: 19 April,all,lbyrne2,great game but allmost uninstalled due to Trump refrences
,Recommended,271240,15063921,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,989989272c,AFTER BUYING THIS GAME AND PLAYING IT I....1. CURED CANCER2. DID YOUR MOM3. FED THE WORLD4. BECAME PRESIDENT5. EARNED $$$$Step 1: Buy this gameStep 2: ???Step 3: Profit
76561198023089832,Not Recommended,271240,28857014,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kiron,It runs for about 2 minutes then crashes.. wont say why.
76561198102113421,Not Recommended,271240,21934028,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TheEdgyGrandma,To much lag.
76561197977608362,Not Recommended,271240,22699765,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,crispy critter,"I get one clean game load and then the 2nd time it will freeze while showing the map loading splash screen, or with a black screen just after as if it failed to connect to the opponent. God forbid you're in full screen mode as opposed to windowed, since  all keyboard and mouse keys are unresponsive and there is no ♥♥♥♥ing way to minimize or close, so you gotta restart your computer.Release day and there are exactly 62 players who have played online before, no more than one lobby up at any given time and usually none.Game is super cool, but needs more players and less frustrating bugs.MAC OSX all up to date and on a computer that plays it maxed."
76561197993295408,Recommended,271240,32208957,Posted: 5 June,all,Tony Joe,Interesting game.
,Recommended,271240,35172468,Posted: 23 September,all,graveraves,Really love the retro graphics and gameplay - it's pretty hard to get the hang of but once you do it all makes sense... Would recommend that you don't have to choose a gender or at least that the game provides gender neutral pronoun options.
,Recommended,271240,30879958,Posted: 1 April,all,ninjatuna,Most excellent.
76561197996098577,Not Recommended,271240,35214674,Posted: 25 September,all,Sm0kiebud,"Just did not enjoy it , fount it far to repatative and lacking real rts"
76561198044310058,Not Recommended,271240,33502914,Posted: 13 July,all,mrs8002,"Well , this game is not City Skylines , its simple, like graphics, but for my rig...its too much. This game eats the GPU and the CPU. They are always on high temps. My specs are: Intel Core i5 2500 k , 3.3 Ghz, Quad core, Nvidia Geforce Gtx 760 Ti - 2 Gb, 12 GB Ram, Corsair 650 W, Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit."
,Not Recommended,271240,21928752,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,OutdoorOne,"Game is nice, makes sense.  You should try doing different planets. I'm sick of looking at red and white. I really want this to be a factor, so otherwise, I would have made this a positive rating. I will revise if this gets changed.7/10, too much red."
,Not Recommended,271240,26472187,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Rapiant,Not worth the price. A pretty simple game with not many products that can be created... Graphics are pretty bad too.
,Recommended,271240,21896122,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,::    ;-;    :,ya
76561198059742327,Not Recommended,271240,21948940,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Cougar One,"IF your going to make a space game,  get rid of the cartoon icons.  didt get very far in this game,   It felt like a kids game."
76561198027353253,Not Recommended,271240,22325987,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,matt.brown,If the graphics and perofomance of this game could be improved it would be great.  As it stands it is very frustrating and it becomes impossible to complete a game.
76561198039843019,Recommended,271240,22812668,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ryosh5,Very fun!
76561197966782189,Recommended,271240,35089151,Posted: 20 September,all,Leroy,Good
76561198052243162,Not Recommended,271240,35112029,Posted: 21 September,all,Soviet,"One of the biggest conns on the internet.The initial few campaign missions are just a pvp tutorial when the game pulls your head out of the clouds and says “yep that’s all we got to offer” of course by then the 2 hrs have passed and you can’t refund.Do not buy if you want a colony sim, this is a mini pvp knock off that should have only been released on the mobile."
76561198142380844,Not Recommended,271240,34977637,Posted: 15 September,all,TheScaryDoor,Amazing game but its horribly optimized. I have a pretty decent rig and im getting 15 fps on low settings.gtx 970i7 4790k32 GB RAM (lol)windows 8.1
76561198111336182,Not Recommended,271240,28221860,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Em1rat,This game is terribly boring. Every scenario is exactly the same. Do not buy.
76561198022225254,Not Recommended,271240,33105405,Posted: 1 July,all,Archanfel,"Tried to play with a friend, he bought the game but our versions were different (same base game) but he was on v1.13... I was v1.11...After 63 minutes of trying to make things work, backing up and restoreing on his pc (my own version) trying to update my own version and googleing why mine thought it was up to date, I gave up. He had his money refunded.Im sure its a fun game with friends, programmers for this did not put enough thought into error messages IE (*to update to version 1.13 requires a [insert requirement here]) but nope, oh well."
,Not Recommended,271240,26039512,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,GetMeAWood,don't waste your money fellow steamers its total wank. after about an hour of gameplay you got it figured out
,Not Recommended,271240,22697396,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Kidmobius,"Game is bright and shiny and new, then after the tutorial you've seen everything game has to offer. they also kept place holder voices in the main game from EA, and speaking of EA.The EA peeps got all dlc for free but get screwd over for a free key for friend, and there isnt a discounted price to upgrade to deluxe for EA peeps (i understand that we should be thankful for free dlc) but if there would have been a heads up people would have bought deluxe instead of standard. especially since the price during EA was 40 usd and the deluxe is 39.59 usd which is less but not by much for the EA version.That in itself promotes hatred and discrimination to people who supported the developemnt when the game was utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ those who shelled out 40 bucks get jipped out of a key for friend due to there was never any mention of a deluxe edition containing dlc and key.Since it came out of EA the game hasnt changed much since, outside of a few graphic tweaks and asset changes for claims, and the new campaign UI it's still pretty slow paced unless you fast forward.MP got a wealth of maps today during release from the ""Real Mars Map Pack DLC"" which you have to pay (unless you were EA or bought deluxe) $4.99 USD ontop of the $29.99 sale going on till May 16th 2016 then it will be $39.99 + $4.99. But, it does add 30+ maps which can only be used during skirmish and MP. So the campaign wont be given a boost anytime soon(if ever).There really isnt much of a story unless you make one up in your own head pretty much I.E: ""I just got promoted to CEO and the Investors want to see positive returns on their investments"". or some nonesence. All you do is start small become big buy out everyone during rounds of mashed up skirmishes against the AI.A.I... well that is a joke actually the A.I. would rather fight itself till theres only 2 left plus your company dring each of the ""campaign"" missions then tries to buy you out but, cant because since you were left alone you accumalated the funds to buy out the other CPU's and bought stock in your own as a defensive measure.So, if you were looking for a Tactical rts or an RTT with combat and what not, well you wont get it here Off World Trade Co. takes the RTS genre and flips it over to peaceful times. Where you must expand your company on different parts of mars and take over your competitors one at a time till you own their claims on the map.There isnt a big difference between how the game is played from skirmish or MP or campaign (with campaign being a tiny bit different with upgrades you can buy before each round in the campaign) then end goal is still the same make money buy people out. Think of it as a futuristic version of the Family Board Game Monopoly on Mars. With the added benefit of a Black Market. This is where you can very very loosely say is the combat mechanic (if you want to call it that, i don't) you can buy extra claims to blowing up a mine of an enemy or just cause a riot and gain all the materials for yourself for a period of time. There are others, like pirates, and so forth but there really isnt anything there to keep you wanting to come back and play more. I got severely bored with OWTC around 5 hours thats me playing campaign skirm and MP.It feels as if they gave you an appetizer, burnt the dinner portion and was out of desert, which makes you unsure if you should even keep it installed onto your computer. As for myself i will because i got during EA. Also, if you dont care about the free key for a friend Don't buy the deluxe just buy standard and dlc and save yourself 5 bucks.As for a recommend or not i don't the game shows all of its cards too quickly and becomes rather dull after the ooos and ahhs pf shinynes, and there isnt much complexity once you complete the tutorials, you do exactly the same as tuts, just a little bit faster and you win everytime. MP just feels like a sped up version of tutorials make as much as you can, black market people, buy them out without being bought out yourself and boom thats it."
,Not Recommended,271240,30688262,Posted: 23 March,all,Aaron PDX,Not enough direct interaction between players/opponents. Feels sterile. Tutorial is annoying. Just meh overall.
,Not Recommended,271240,16479723,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KHAOTIX,"Has Nothing to do with Saving Humanity.Or turning a profit.More like a debt Simulator 2015. No Content Updates since i have got it. Buggy, crashes, Desync/lag issues and on top of that WAY too simplistic for anyones liking. Just because it has a well known developer behind it doesn't mean that they know what they are doing. Such as this case. Absurdly Expensive for a game with Close to nothing for content.Great game to test out the refund feature on."
76561198062315097,Not Recommended,271240,33561713,Posted: 15 July,all,DrBladeSTEEL,"This game represents and interesting concept well executed, but not engaging or very fun. Sorry, its just kinda mediochre IMHO."
76561198088629746,Not Recommended,271240,29127987,Posted: 8 January,all,jbuck406,"The ""Offworld Trading Company"" has too many complicated menu choicesand most of the time you are completely lost. A game should be kept simpleand should not turn into a quagmire of menu choices and un-understandablegame instructions - I didn't even like the tutorial -"
76561198019429221,Not Recommended,271240,23714898,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Harasdar,"Not much depth...just clicking and building, no real production chains...maybe will give it another try later."
76561198037314902,Not Recommended,271240,26056458,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SCARRIOR,"Very boring and stale game, make money, destroy opponents, opponents destroy you repeatWih i could get a refund but i gave the free copy you get with it to a friend so that was a no go."
76561198039626694,Not Recommended,271240,34186843,Posted: 12 August,all,hokey,"Major problems with game crashing on loading screen, not worth the money."
76561198060103413,Not Recommended,271240,29303671,Posted: 16 January,all,Saint Ceo de la Vegas,"Definately not worth $40.  I found it to be repetitive after a short while, which means boring.  I guess the DLCs make the game more fun, but maybe if some of the DLC had been in the actual game to make it, you know, fun, I  would not be leaving a bad review."
76561197983514198,Not Recommended,271240,25405724,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jonaaronc,"Fun game, costantly crashes"
76561198043656273,Recommended,271240,22785946,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kailes,fun
76561197966526680,Recommended,271240,26039358,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Saracen26,"So Offworld Trading Company and me have had this ""thing"" for a very long time. I love RTS, always have since the mid 90's. I also love innovative games, well since games have existed. So when this game was announced, I watched and followed it like a hawk. Except I kept and maintained my distance. OTC was like a woman I'd see in a bar every week, it seemed love at first sight. She was beautiful, intriguing, like no-one I'd ever seen before.. But alas I was always drunk when I saw her and I had no courage to approach her, buy her a drink, get her number, maybe take her home.It was like this for months. The more I found out about her, the more character that she seemed to divulge, the more personality she put on display, the more I wanted her. Moving up the ranks in my little black book known as a wishlist. The more I came to the bar, the more she'd flash (sale), the more of her clothing (Price tag) she'd remove. It was at this point, I knew she was flirting with me, and it became apparent she's was now bundled in gold. So a weekend in mid-October she returned to the bar wearing 65% off... This time I was not drunk, I was no longer on the fence... I saw her for what she was, so after flashing my credit card, I finally took her home.After a 6 hour session with her... I have to say, she's rather intense. She showed me the ropes, showed me the many facets of her personality and showed me step by step what made her tick. Then she untied me and let me get to work on her...At first she was easy. I kept winning her charms, satisfying her needs... Things were going smoothly, she allowed me to tackle a single element of her, and then she ramped things up, adding more and more, asking for more and more. Things began to get more and more intense... Then she showed her true colours. The more you play her, the more she dares to push you. She becomes a shady, manipulative, dirty scheming devil woman who will push you into a corner, pin you there, and drain you economically for all you're worth.The thing is. You will not learn to back down. She leaves you wanting more, she wants to be dominated. Taken control of, but she isn't going to let you have it without a fight. In my case on a couple of occassions, she's kept up with me with everything I throw at her, and just when I'm about to get the upper hand, she will kick me down and laugh in my face... I should be humiliated. But I cannot get enough of her. I will keep going for the long-term until our relationship is exhausted. Until she has no more to give and finally submits to my own superior evil ways.. Just like she taught me...Offworld Trading Company... The game is indeed like a woman who wears the trousers, makes all the rules, is controlling of you... But wow, what a woman she is... My only regret is that I didn't take her home sooner."
,Not Recommended,271240,31652651,Posted: 9 May,all,werty,Gets boring really fast
,Recommended,271240,22785442,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tanukihat,Yeah it's alright I guess.
76561197999877184,Recommended,271240,25210373,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Spjuvern,.
76561197975649162,Not Recommended,271240,22788385,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Grimreepr,"Way too restrictive to the player.  The limitations of what you can build on a planet is just plain stupid.Let them build where they want and when.  But oh no, you have to build close or stuff takes too long and you end up behind.  Then all your AI opponents gang up on the Player and shut down his economy with no way for the player to get out of it.  remove the ability to attack others or put a lock on it so gang banging can't happen.  Just make it so yopu can affect yourself only and not affect others.  That way you have to outwit them on a one to one basis and ganging up is never an option.  Losing because the other businesses use better tactics is fair and equitable.  Losing because they all bum rushed you early game makes this game one for the scrap heap.It's not that they punish you for mistakes, the AI can and will gang up on you at every chance and shut down your production and earning potential.  Then they get away ahead of you and there is not a damn thing you can do to catch up.  Get some cash ahead?  They come along and blast all your money makers into ZERO production and your back up funds disappear in seconds.  And when that attack ends, one of his buddies hits you again.  being constantly gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over just amde this another lazy♥♥♥♥♥crappy AI game that will spend it's life in the ""Do not play this $&*&#* pile."" After the attacks end, your back waiting till the AI gets far enough ahead to focus on something else.  By this time your so far behind, the only way to catch up is to cheat.  Since the AI seems to be programmed to do exactly that, it just makes this game terribly frustrating and no fun at all.Definetly not worth the $45 bucks."
76561198000655786,Not Recommended,271240,33685967,Posted: 20 July,all,Tangoes for food stamps!!!!!,"Quite possibly the worst game ive ever purchased in my life.It's slow, repetative and  completely unfullfillingI think i paid 43$ for this. I'd sooner pay 43$ for Minesweeper 2"
,Not Recommended,271240,26023484,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,stingrai007,"Maintenance popup interrupts opening cinematic to promote some idiot playing the game on twitch, taking up entire screen and ending cinematic if you try anything to close it.0/10 no attention to detail."
76561198003813428,Not Recommended,271240,15564542,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,proto21,"Soren Johnson supports paid mods.I do not.UPDATE : i still dont support paid mods, and he 's still a $$$@#$also, the game is still a snoozfest.  It s just like Sid Meier's Railroads, only bad."
,Not Recommended,271240,35150149,Posted: 23 September,all,Yurii,refundedgame is not optimized. no real graphics but it fries my pc.multiplayer FPS dropped to 10.that's not acceptable
76561198029751280,Recommended,271240,34008073,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,271240,26033455,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Winterspark,"Should be more fun than it actually is. As usual, the developer ""thinks they knows best"" when it xomes to determining how you are supposed to enjoy playing the game."
76561198069011817,Not Recommended,271240,35154712,Posted: 23 September,all,Tye Tass,"Very hard,probably fun for someone."
,Recommended,271240,31662311,Posted: 10 May,all,pflynhi,Making MARS Great Again!!!
76561198111666365,Not Recommended,271240,28456547,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jedi1jordan,"I one the worst Building/ Resources games I have ever found, I play better designed games on Kongregate not worth our time and money"
,Not Recommended,271240,35135753,Posted: 22 September,all,joe.james.goodwin,"Imagine an RTS with no actual combat, that is this game.The aim of the game is to build stuff to get more money so that you buy things to get more money, purely for the sake of getting more money.In summary, extremely boring and pointless, as far as I'm concerned the only difference between this and adventure capitalist are aesthetics."
76561198061773358,Not Recommended,271240,14512866,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Filane,"If you think Railroad Tycoon would be a better game with these game features, then Offworld Trading Company (OTC) would be for you:1. You can bomb your competitors' train stations, railroads and related structures;2. You can hire bandits to rob the opponents' train cargoes;3. You can use EMP to shut down the competitors' train systems; and4, You can sabotage the power supply of your opponents.I'm a fan of business / economic simulators and I don't think the above military / criminal / terrorist means of competing should be the gaming mechanics in a business sim. When I play a business sim, I want to use business / economic strategies to outsmart my competitors. I have no interest at all in using any military or criminal ways to win. Honestly, no matter how much AMD dislikes Intel and Nvidia, AMD wouldn't hire criminals to bomb or sabotage the opponents' fabrication plants, right?When I played Railroad Tycoon, I had the feeling of being the CEO of a growing railroad company. However, when I played Offworld Trading Company, I just felt like being the boss of a mafia business using criminal and military means to hurt my competitors. I don't like this feeling at all.The game description says there's ""no military"" in OTC but I think this's completely wrong and misleading. The in-game black market offers all the ""dirty tricks"" mentioned above to sabotage your competitors' businesses. I'm not sure whether this black market will change later, but, for now, I don't recommend this game to fans of business / economic sims."
,Not Recommended,271240,22851226,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Wollinger,"Build factories, buy your enemy or be bought, nothing else to do on the game..."
,Not Recommended,271240,35167514,Posted: 23 September,all,Malevolent Despair,Not really what I thought it was
76561198026627023,Not Recommended,271240,31345679,Posted: 24 April,all,loccobrown,^
,Not Recommended,271240,35137676,Posted: 22 September,all,BUMS ON FACE (  )(  ),"Clunky &cartoonish gameplay, unimpressed"
76561197972040936,Not Recommended,271240,32904813,Posted: 27 June,all,Major Magoo (rtd),$15 for a DLC - what sort of sale is this?
76561198018636827,Not Recommended,271240,35400583,Posted: 1 October,all,[-S-F-] Wolf Omecron,Not worth the time
76561197993879625,Not Recommended,271240,30064158,Posted: 20 February,all,TaosX,"You're so annoying with all these event that pop up at the most inappropriate time. I don't want to see these popups anymore! And the game is so bad, honestly."
,Recommended,271240,25164496,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bluegoon,It's a great Jewish take on Dune 2000!
,Not Recommended,271240,14447989,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,-CML-kamerosa,"Nothing really new about it, more complexity in the Railroad Tycoon series.  Hopefully the EA sees this game add more complexity and gameplay. I do not reccomend picking it up at its current price."
,Not Recommended,271240,26054924,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Torzac,This game just plain sucked
,Not Recommended,271240,28396581,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,James,"This game was suttering and freezing under my specs that exceeded the requirements, it was fun to play and I would've recommended this game if it didn't have the stuttering and freezing."
,Not Recommended,271240,35138065,Posted: 22 September,all,Nut (msg if ya wanna sesh),eh
76561198144449552,Not Recommended,271240,28463126,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BlingFlizz,It's a big waste of money for me. This strategy game is very boring like seriously i'd rather play a free game which is dota 2 than this. Also the price for the game like seriously? What the crap. Also what's crap is the tutorial. In the tutorial you have to read them like dafuq i'm tired like i wanna play the game already also it's very stupidely long. What is this Reading Simulator? So don't waste your money like i did and i would rate this game 3/10 since i'm very bad at strategy games.
,Not Recommended,271240,25032031,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,"This game moves 200% too fast for my gaming ability. By the time I have resources set up, I'm already outbid and overthrown by the A.I."
,Not Recommended,271240,30280198,Posted: 2 March,all,Sneeger,"Keep getting incredible annoying (sometimes several daily) popups in STEAM about events, even though I uninstalled the game a long time ago. The popups have to be vlosed manually every time. It is just so annoying."
,Not Recommended,271240,15725873,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,rajkchhatwal,"DO NOT BUY. THIS GUY WAS BORN IN THE SEWER, WHERE HE HAD TO COMPETE WITH THE CATS AND THE DOGS FOR EVERYTHING. HIS MENTALITY AND GAME POLICY IS ""BELIGERENT COMPETITION."" AND THIS RERFLECTS IN ALL HIM GAMES. PEOPLE LIKE THIS BELOMG ""UNDER LOCKUP"""
76561198028624576,Not Recommended,271240,34213465,Posted: 13 August,all,Fantome Dorient,One of the worst business sims I've ever played. Doesnt worth the money even if it is on discount.
,Not Recommended,271240,33025268,Posted: 29 June,all,worldflash,"well it a good game, or atleast the consept but it¨s not finised. i lags like mad on any computer so settings can fiks this. WTF are the developers doing. it a waist of money!!"
76561198107909966,Not Recommended,271240,25153326,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,nebulous1,"Lists ""partial controller support"" in the store, but actually contains NO CONTROLLER SUPPORT whatsoever."
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,271240,26052333,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pha cops,"Immediate complaint: Binary gender options wholly enforced. No 'they?'Overall complaint: Tries to be funny and interesting but feels like its trying too hard and thus falls into the uncanny valley of comedic intent-looks like the real thing but one can't shake the feeling of unease that something isn't quite right.Gameplay complaint: Too basic - once you have a general understanding, you succeed easily until the game begins to cheat. If you have to make a game where the tactic is cheating from the computer-driven players, then you've designed a system that doesn't have enough layers of complexity to bretain interest, or build effective skill to compete."
76561198030458889,Not Recommended,271240,31650435,Posted: 9 May,all,Juan The Faptist,no
76561198092249516,Not Recommended,271240,28399013,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GM Segarus,"Another game that takes too long to learn, and on top of that they make the tutorials very childish. I a man damn it."
76561198020283295,Not Recommended,271240,25619078,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Daloki,Rather boring and way to fast.
,Not Recommended,271240,32843095,Posted: 26 June,all,Mazian,No.
,Not Recommended,271240,25121907,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,WillyWonkaMan,Not a fan of this game and Steam wouldn't give me a refund...
76561198053119116,Recommended,271240,17267638,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,goldenfooler,This is one of the types I loved as a kid with MULE. Much faster paced and can be quick matches. I think more of starcarft with economies.The start ups and maps are VERY different and you have to react to the players around you.There can be a steam roll like in all Multiplayer games and sometimes there is a very tight game.Currently there are more games at night then during the day because of the smaller player base. Everyone is welcoming and explains more of the various types of game play before a match starts.They have been adding more variations in game play in the last 2 months and it has changed the game play dramatically .
76561198199741302,Recommended,271240,17087313,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,AldnoahEmpire,Loving the game and great community of players. sadly there arent enough people online because it is still beta but it has amazing potential as a game with an large multiplayer definite recomendation for those who like stratagy and the sort
76561197999822193,Recommended,271240,17478272,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Mindshift,This game has promise.I have only played it for 2 hours but after two losses against the AI I won.It takes a while to figure out the UI but once you get to know it it's easy.The game needs some tweaking on the graphics part as the mouse pointer must be offset somewhat above the +/- buttons in order to work. Also when playing with seven AI's it get's a bit slow from time to time.So far I think the game has potential and if you like not having to kill your opponents and fokus on trading it's a nice game.The prize feels a bit high and I'm expecting more from this game in the future to feel comfortable with the prize.
,Recommended,271240,17759494,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,HusbyFan,"Innovative RTS that goes away from conventional combat mechanics, using instead the more insidious combat tools of capitalism!"
,Recommended,271240,17342701,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,wijagels,Great RTS that can be very challenging.
76561198158217061,Recommended,271240,17655414,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,AdmiralTigerclaw,"A definite change of pace from your typical RTS game, and actually quite relaxing on easy settings.There's a lot of interplay between the resources you scout for early and the market values.  Depending on how you start alone could change the entire challenge.Right now, a game session is a relatively short experience, even on 'snail' pace.  But you're never too long waiting on anything to do, just that it ends quickly once you start steamrolling.  Personally, I do think there need to be some additions to make for a longer, more drawn out game.  Perhaps additions to the 'game market' as it were, such as land taxes, worker pay, and maintenance costs that scale with how much you expand in order to make that money you make more than just something you dump into a bank. (And we mustn't forget making those values something you manipulate that alters production and profit.) And of course, random events that further aggro those values.But overall, if you're the type that play an RTS in that way where you like to watch your forces build up into a mighty base rather than actually attack and crush the enemy as soon as you can.  Try this game out.  Its current brevity can even be useful if you want to kill time, but not a lot of it.Give it a shot.Also, someone needs to get on the dev team and get some better quality audio for the vocal parts...  Decent quality graphics and gentle music, and then literally the microsoft 'sam' and female equivilent for audio cues."
76561198033487747,Recommended,271240,16837918,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Watchmaker,"Not as good as Kerbal Space Program, but still pretty awesome."
76561198011696863,Recommended,271240,16836771,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,[GdA] SirCaio,"Very interesting game! For RTS fans, it challenges you with a very different mechanic, compare to those tradicional games, like AoE and SC2. Still, it is very exciting and requires a lot of strategy to define your build orders and actions. Even though it's a early access, it seems very complete."
76561198033569495,Recommended,271240,17647869,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mr. Sir,I love the game and its concept but can't agree with the prrice tag. Wait for a sale and it'll be well worth it!
76561198011483539,Recommended,271240,17651734,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,"It's like civ without ""real"" warfare, it just trade warfare and espionage"
,Recommended,271240,18212857,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Illeru,"A decent RTS game with some novel elements. 5/10 (6/10 considering early access).Very close to the CIV, tile like RTS, with limited tile ""claimability"" which means the strategic element of tile selection very important. Resource system works very well - it does play a lot like C&C in that regard and may lend itself too much to systematic builds (i.e. there is an optimum build order, stick to it or loose). There isn't a huge level of replayability there which is why I chose to write the review early - essentially the resources available adjust the location of HQ and thats it, every game plays out very similarly. A bit more depth in the building system and more to the takeover mechanism would make the game more worthy.Currently a good game to give a go if interested in RTS/builders. Consider waiting for it to be on special - not worth the current price.PROS:*Novel importance of the resource system, buying and selling is what this game is about.*Limit to the number of tiles makes claim selection very important* Resource system works very well, straight forward to use.* AI seems to work fairly wellCONS:* The Black Market system is opaque and seems redundant. The features become very expensive very quickly, and it is difficult to see how they really assist the player.*Resource tiles are largely irrelevant for most building types - find proximate resources then clump buildings together (doesn't quite come across as worthy)* Some of the controls are difficult to use (for example selecting a building to bring up context menu for deletion it - it keeps exiting the interface!)*Takeover system needs more depth and more response posibilities once the count down starts."
76561198109998189,Recommended,271240,18168761,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,riniort,"Awesome game for economist, you knew it worth the price.It's the mixture of being investor and real time game for tricky strategy excercise."
76561198024616922,Recommended,271240,16634352,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kraftword,"Offworld Trading Company brings a different type of strategy in a very interesting seting. The game feels very accessible, even to a player that is not used to fast paced strategy such as Starcraft 2.The games are also always interesting, as there are no real ""builds"" beacuse you need to adapt to the current situation. Sure, there are ""starters"", a early, mid and lategame, but the game does not have the sort of hard builds and hard counters to such builds, as often is the case in other RTS-type games.With addictive gameplay in singleplayer as well as multiplayer and with a innovative experience, though some mechanics such as the debt system needs some improvment, I highly recommend the game."
76561198026264533,Recommended,271240,16737869,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Darth Kcaj,"A lot of fun, captures the excitement of trading stocks"
76561198067640512,Recommended,271240,16611840,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ion,Great game can't wait to see what new stuff gets added!
,Recommended,271240,16615921,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,YouTube.com/Vindictator1972,"Offworld Trading Company is an Excessively fun game, A bit pricey at $40 for what it is, but Getting it cheaper is a Must.first time playing can be hard but its easy to pick up on what to do and how to win.7/10-----Vindictator1972"
76561197982100333,Recommended,271240,16584966,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Paperboy,"Haven't even finished the tutorials and I'm already hooked! Great concept, lots of room to grow into what will likely be an award winning game. Buy this game so I can go all Donald Trump on your♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,271240,16816276,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,aaurum,Awesome game.  If you like the civilization seris you'll love this.  It is similar to civilization games however its pretty much only based around economy.  The games usually last 20-30 minutes and even if you aren't super skilled the game is still fun.
,Recommended,271240,16120679,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Arcade,"Good and original  RTS game, interesting concept. The plurality of base types actually end up affecting the way you play the game. All choices are meaningful and non-trivial. The criticism of ""clickfest"" that is often levied at RTS games doesn't apply here, it's more focused on planning than it is execution. Not enough variety in Maps but it is in alpha"
76561198032898393,Recommended,271240,16803176,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,danmanisa,"This review is an early access one and even within days of me buying the game some significant changes were made, so I expect lots more changes to come.This is one really good concept and whilst there are issues with it (especially in teaching a new player how to play and how the systems and concepts work), there is soooo much to like here. The game does away with military conflict and the necessity to be able to hotkey or mouse-click quickly to win. Instead, it requires forethought, palnning, deception and a little luck to do well.I'll admit, it took me ages to get my head around some concepts and I'm not sure I'm there yet. I have yet to play a multiplayer game (this is my major criticism at this stage - no-one online at this point but hopefully numbers will grow) and have only just started a campaign, but I've already put in 14 hours at the point of writing this in skirmishe and doing the tutorial a couple of times.There are some really interesting game features too, such as being able to play a single player skirmish while you wait for a multiplayer lobby to fill (which helps avoid the hwole thing where people log on, check for ten seconds and then leave), a team based multiplayer option and a single player mode that works differently to the multi and skirmish modes.Pros:- Great amount of tension within the game- Replayablility Every game is different- Accomodates various playing styles (with 4 different bases/classes that are reasonably balanced at this point)- shrewed tactical gameplay- Various gameplay options across all game modes- Games last for between 15 minutes and half hour. Not a Civ styled game at all.Cons:- Tough to learn. The turoial is pretty much non-existant and many finer points that will have you scratching your head will not be answered without visiting the internets and YouTube- No-one on multiplayer yetOverall: I feel like I am only at the beginning of this journey with this game and  with updates that make the game a little more unique on each play, the game will go from strength to strength. It is fair enough to say that I am a fan!"
,Recommended,271240,16575022,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jellybear,"Super relaxing economic focused space sim, a rare find and very enjoyable. Scanning the map can be a bit tedious and I'm not sure about the long-term replayability, but so far so good."
76561197989221215,Recommended,271240,16575053,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bolts,"Simple, fun and a good bite sized game. Robots are a bit overpowered though."
,Recommended,271240,14540090,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,KuromiAK,"With recent update, I can confidently recommend this game, but only when the game is on sale. The gameplay is interesting and I have faith in developers in delivering a decent game.In Offworld Trading Company, you play as a CEO who builds factories on the red planet. There are 4 factions to choose from, each with their unique perks. Games are mostly driven by player decisions, which makes every game unique and exciting. Even with the same map in the daily challenge, I never end up using identical strategies.With all the variety, the game is hard to master. Maximizing profit is difficult as prices depend on every player's action. It is hard to decide what to produce, even harder to predict how other players will react. There is also trade off between sabotage and development.Devs have made good progress on improving game experience and adding new content. They have fixed many bugs and improved the performance of the game. The UI now is much more informative than that at release. The update logs are long and most of the features are what players have been looking for. AI players are decent and are still being worked on. Balancing and game mechanics are also being tweaked. A big thanks to the developers.Sadly the player population is shrinking and it is hard to find a multiplayer game. Only get the game if you are fine with playing against AI players, or if you can find friends to play with. Also, despite modding being supported, I don't see active modding communities working on this game, nor is the steam workshop available.As a conclusion, the game is in good shape, and I believe it will get better. 40$ is way too much for a simple game like this, but I'd recommend people to try when the price drops below 20$."
76561197993351973,Recommended,271240,16850280,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Rock,"While still in development, it does have a lot of potential. I do believe the Espionage tactics need to be a bit rarer, and there needs to be a tutorial added into the game. Over all, enjoyable, but it still needs some development.Some suggestions:Diplomacy. Not all corporate dealings are hostile.Upgrades that provide proof against certain espionage tactics. (EMP Shielding, Armed Guards, etc.)Claim purchase / upgrades. Some buildings should not require a claim.Zone of Control Limit. As of now, youcan build anywhwere on the map. Should be limited to a small area around your HQ, which then expands with HQ Upgrades. I'd also say that anything built within that zone should not require a claim for the owner, but upon purchasing stock in the owners company, allow an opponent to build within it.Different paced game modes. Some of us like to take things slow (This is why I don't to Online Strategy Games, it becomes an all out blitz). Being able to set the pace / hostility of the AI might attract more players.Solo mode - just a way to build and get familiar with the game concepts without worrying about other opponents.Over all, its nice to have a strategy game that doesn't involve blowing things up all the time or building a balanced city."
76561198008603695,Recommended,271240,16691780,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,KillerZombie,(Beta 3 Review)Economic Real Time Strategy gameplay across procedurally generated hex based levels using a random seed makes for truely dynamic gameplay. For an early access game this is well polished and the unique mechanics make for fun and fast paced competitive multiplayer.
,Recommended,271240,16550566,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,zmtomako,"The game is already quite good as it is, the price is quite steep ($40) for the available features and given it is only early access right now.The concept is basically a real time version of civilization resource map/panel, but none of the army stuff.Your objective is to mine the limited resources on the map and buy the other players out.It's not deep (very limited tech tree) but there definitely has re-playability.I love the concept and execution, but there is a lot more room to grow if they take the effort to.My only concern is that the tutorial are basically simple missions instead of actually trying to explain the interface and mechanics of the game to you."
76561198018356701,Recommended,271240,16554629,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Brock Rockhard,This game is a refreshing change to the RTS genre. I love it.
,Recommended,271240,16555861,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,shrike,"Fairly fun - new take on turn based strategy. Instead of going to war, you're racing to control resources, play market futures, and buy out your opponents."
76561197967719723,Recommended,271240,16530561,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chekhov's Mustache,"A nice spin on RTS. I'm a bit worried about its long-term playability, but it's early access so ????"
,Recommended,271240,16541812,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bort,"Offworld Trading Company is a refreshing take on the RTS genre and in its current state is very playable. Though to achieve the standard that the $40 cost implies will require much more polish. Aside from the flaws that are permissible for an early access title (placeholder sounds, bugs, instability), I would like to see improvements to the ui and a matchmaking/ranking system.If you see this on sale for ~$20, it's a good buy. Otherwise I would wait for further updates/release."
76561198044328177,Recommended,271240,16542220,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MonarchsGuise,"Its a great game has very few glitches for an early access game.  However while the mass flood of new players due to the steam sale has made it a little bit more enjoyable.  The group of players who have had the game for a month or more, make the game unenjoyable.  Since there is no ranking system to place people with similar skill levels in the same game, most new players just end up selling the game back to steam."
,Recommended,271240,16547925,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Duke,"It's like Command & Conquer, but for accountants."
,Recommended,271240,15817057,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Dominix99,"Offworld Trading Company is a realtime strategy game that is currently in Early Access. However, this game isn't about war like other realtime strategy games, it's about economics and business. But before that last sentence turns you away, I want to say that this game has such great potential for being a great strategy game. Your main goal is to collect resources, watch the stock market, and plan out your life of business on Mars, ultimately outsmarting your opponents and taking control of their base. The game looks pretty good overall and presents a refreshing taste on the genre. But because it is in Early Access, it isn't perfect. It may be a bit pricy right now, and the fact that the tutorial isn't actually a tutorial, and that there isn't a great amount of content to the game at the moment, but the developers, as far as I know, are putting their hearts into this game, and i'm anxious to see what this game has in store for the future. But don't get me wrong: This game is fun and addicting, and the price of the game will NOT go up when the full version is released as a side note."
,Recommended,271240,15922456,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Squishybits,Really well done - even for early release. Looking forward to the full release
76561198026308201,Recommended,271240,16606591,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cinnamon Buns,"Great game! If your into 'Civ4' or 'Open TTD' and love realtime strategy games like 'Age of Empries' this will suit you for sure.  10/10the only bad thing is its a bit expensive so wait for it to go on special, I got mine when it was 1/2 price on the 20/6/15"
,Recommended,271240,16488532,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Village Idiot,"Basically monopoly in space. Very fun with friends, but can't say I'd recommend it for solo gameplay"
,Recommended,271240,16488657,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Donald Trumpet,"Market Manipulation, Monopoly and Hostile takeovers!!! This stuff is awesome Best game ever, remember that greed is good!!!"
,Recommended,271240,16490243,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,COG,Such a fun colony builder! Highly recommended.
76561198007121032,Recommended,271240,21984641,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,yoshimon,"Very unique and very fun. Despite being early access feels like a late-beta, very few bugs"
76561198006643348,Recommended,271240,21977445,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,conley1126,"If you like games like Anno and you wish they were competitive then this is your game.Im having a lot of fun in the state it's in. Considering it will be upgraded and get better Im very hopfull.Grab it on sale, fpr 20 its well worth it.  40 maybe is a little steep."
76561197961452180,Recommended,271240,22025626,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,windigeswiesel,"A nice, however very limited game - after 8hrs of playing it feels I've reached the limits of the game.If feels that i am still looking for something else yet not found in the game - but there is nothing left.Maybe a little bit too expensive for such a limited game."
76561198028677960,Recommended,271240,22067802,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,otaka-mayru,i like this game i would suggest any one to buy it when it is on sale the only thing i don't like about it is that you have limited tiles you can clam with that i would like to see this game at lest alow you to sell that tile to add more builings on a diffrent space.
,Recommended,271240,25280717,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,KillerTreat,"After having played games for quite a while it's hard for me to feel like I found something new and exciting. I'm realizing that part of finding that is knowing that I'll have to learn new concepts and fight through a learning curve. That can be a fun experience, or it can feel like studying for the finals. This games does a great job of walking you through the learning curve with a great tutorial campaign.Once you've finished the tutorials you'll be ready to go. The campaigns are fun and have ood replayability due to the different special bonuses each race and character has, as well as the random perks than contracts that pop up.Definitely a fun game with tons of options and difficulties ( think civ) as well as MP.8/10"
76561197984726925,Recommended,271240,25239630,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[IMK]Grimm,"Definitely a fun game.  Played the Campaign and was challenging and fun to have to micromanage everything.   The AI isn't one of the pushover AI's your usually used to seeing.  It strikes at you when you least expect it, and keeps you on your toes.    Would definitely recommend trying this game!"
76561197991389707,Recommended,271240,25284404,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cpt America,Offworld Trading Company is a very good and hard and fun economy simulation.After many fails I'm happy to finally managed it to win the game at manager level.
,Recommended,271240,25249958,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Water-T,"An economic RTS that plays so fast you can't blink. A ton of fun, don't do yoruself a disservice by passing up this game."
,Recommended,271240,27409447,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,enemy,economic made fun!
,Recommended,271240,26807194,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OneInchPunch,"I dont think it's really an economic theme game although it is based on stock market. It is rather a game theory oriented strategy game. You try to understand your opponent and guess what will be its next move and shut down the opportunities he can choose.I think also the campaign is just here to introduce you to the multiplayer game. That means the learning curve is very long.It's a very smart game, challenging. AI is very smart and always change."
76561198047943122,Recommended,271240,26877299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UnicornPowa,Do you want to be able to buy your friends entire base and taunt them with it for ages?Then make them buy you this game and enjoy your sweet money.
,Recommended,271240,26981837,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,smartaleq,Somehow this game manages to seamlessly blend the fast pace of RTS games that constantly stress your attention while rewarding the careful planning and consideration of an economy driven management game. The current state far exceeds the early beta problems and is hands down the best (and only) game of its type.
76561198029733906,Recommended,271240,28107160,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Silverfox,"I played the Game not much but i really like the Game Play and the Coop Part. Unfortunatly i fell for the GoG Version of the Game first which was at the time 70% reduced in price and offered a 2nd Game Key for a friend. Unfortunatly the GoG Version does NOT have a Coop Mode as advertisted there. Its merly Single Player and Multiplayer ranked. No Lobby for Coop. I am not sure if this is intended due to the reduced price or an oversight. I sure hope its an oversight.The gameplay itself is nice and quick. If you have no clue about games like this the tutorial is a nice way to get in. Though at the lower difficulties its not much of a challenge, thats expected. I yet have to play a Coop Multiplayer. But from what i have seen so far even Single Player is good for a nice quick game if you take the time learning the ropes :)"
76561198052377869,Recommended,271240,25232059,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,notkrd,"While the singleplayer is unexciting, if you can get or organize a game the multiplayer is actually extremely strategic, addictive, and interesting. Despite being evil, maybe investment banking could actually be fun!"
76561197993235486,Recommended,271240,25213039,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,yticmic,"Fun game, reminds me of Catan and a faster paced civilization. Really different play style and fun! Very competitive, claiming and using resources well is not a simple set and forget. The game world continually evolves as other players do thing, so you have to adapt."
76561198007337330,Recommended,271240,24774238,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Horza2002,"Very good game and an interesting take on strategy genre!  This game may look pretty cartoony, but it's far from a casual game.  Since each map is different, you need to change your approach every time...you might make a killing on food in one game and the next its worthless! I feel as this game is easy to pick up but very difficult to master.At present, there are only four different teams to choose from (each with a unique skill/preference set) that will require you to play differently.  I would like in the future for there to be some other teams/customization possible.Due to the nature of the fast pace action, games typically only last 15-20mins (can be a lot shorter if the market Gods are in your favor!) so makes it ideal for times when you haven't got hours to sit and play.  I would like the option to make it harder to buy your opponents out so that games could be made longer though in some cases."
,Recommended,271240,24940519,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,EmberSH,"Love this game. A really cool take on the RTS genre. Easy to pick up, hard to master. And the four different base types give a surprising amount of flexability for your playstyle.Though we have been calling it 'The Friendship Destroyer'. It has a competetive feel similar to games like monopoly, where you'll track down and destroy anyone who hurts you.(I'm notorious for extracting revenge on people. I never sabotage first, but I will bury anyone who tries to target me.)"
,Recommended,271240,25194113,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CrystalDave,"An excellent pure-strategy game, with lots of depth. The gameplay itself is straightforward, but this helps the depth of the interaction between systems.Multiplayer is much better with friends."
76561198014986383,Recommended,271240,25197965,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Super America,"Great game.  It is a Economic RTS that is similar to the U.S capitalism system.  I love to learn about Finace and Business in the real world and this game is great for a time killer that fufills my interestes.I love to pretend I am gordon gekko when I play as expansive.A little pricy, so I got it on sale and I'd say it's worth $20.I am trying to buy the dlc, but steam support won't let me :("
76561198119418533,Recommended,271240,25466666,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gilgalad9,I have played a lot of economic board games and a lot of real time strategy but to seemingly combine the two makes for a truly unique game. This isn't for everyone and multiplayer can be nasty but if that sounds like fun it might be worth a shot.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762085829
,Recommended,271240,22035000,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ody,Quite pleasant to play. Similar to Civ / Alpha Centauri but replace aliens and barbarians for stock prices and monopolies. A tense twise on the traditional 4X RTS style. Very enjoyable when at a discount price. Absolutely recommend particularly if you prefer a somewhat simpler game to learn with a tight curve.
76561197996780028,Recommended,271240,22109691,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ReaperGT3,"Quick review...the game so far.I got this game during its first few weeks of appearing on the steam store. After installing I got to the main screen then it would crash back to steam. Ok I thought, its in beta so maybe its something they are working on to fix. I tried a few times over the weeks and still the same issue....that is until their latest update.I can now play the game <cheers all round>I play quite a few stratagy type games so jumped straight into a single player game. It did not go well and was bought out by rival corps pretty quickly as my stock price was low and I amounted a large amount of debt! So I hit up the tutorials which cover very basic gameplay and could do with hints on the way to improve stocks prices or reduce debt/cancel out debt all together.Yes there are diferent classes which have there own benifits/restrictions. For instance Expansive (human) require large amounts of food/water followed by power and oxygen. Robotic eats through Silicon and Power whereas Scavenger eats Carbon like theres no tomorrow!So what have I learnt in the past 10hrs of play..?!Ping quick at the start so you can find the best resourse spot on the map.You can plant your HQ down ontop of a resourse which adds it to your starting inventory but will not regenerate the resourse like it would if you just planted a mine ontop of the resourse.Try and keep modules attached to the HQ that way your not charged to transport across the map (Power also = fuel)Solar panels are good but shutdown at night and thats where debt can mount up quick if your transporting alot! Wind turbines work day and night which give a steady trickle of power. Geo thermal plants work best as they operate day and night and dont require transports but are expense!|The game has a steep learning curve currently which is brought about mainly due to the tutorials included with the game. I found out more through looking in the forums and youtube. Doing so I won my first game last night."
76561198287373106,Recommended,271240,22125298,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,16BitBattleship,"Good game, but don't pay $44 i waited untill a sale and only paid $22."
76561198012243851,Recommended,271240,22182056,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Matt,"This game is worth 20$, not 40$. I played it for a day or so and thats probably all I will ever play. Very unique and interesting. How ever, the game to me seems a little linear because from my experience, going for metal and steal is the best way to win."
,Recommended,271240,22150104,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Phren,"8/10I admit I was expecting something more like Outpost... but it's not the surviving that's difficult. Base-building is deceptively simple, yet has subtleties that aren't immediately obvious - like connecting buildings to your HQ gives you free transport to them, while grouping them together gives bonuses to production but makes them easier to sabotage.Once you start to grasp the way the competition works, though, and realise it's all about monopolies, resource manipulation and making good use of your scarce sabotage opportunities to outdo your opponents it really starts to shine."
,Recommended,271240,21916167,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,JackoNorm,"Good game. Pretty original idea, well executed, and legitimately challenging. It's still in early access, but it's worth buying"
76561197991913456,Recommended,271240,21914735,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jez,7 hours of play time and I love it.
76561198031486819,Recommended,271240,21937696,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Explorer,"I like the game so far,building animations, music...All is great !I love playing ""Building and management"" games, so...I'll keep it in my library in the ""Greatest Hits"" category!Hope there will be expansions for this game in the future!Keep it up!:)"
,Recommended,271240,21944421,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,UDXS,11/10 would put this on my CV for CEO again
,Recommended,271240,21942860,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,I am recommending this game because it is good fun.There is a nice challenge for the beginners and i can't wait to find out what the expert levels would be like.There are still some issues but that is to be expected from a beta version.As long as it buyable for $20 i would just say buy it.If it goes back up to $40 then i would say wat until they have completed another one or two beta stages.8/10 would colonize mars again.9/10 would use magnetic storm again.
76561198094440190,Recommended,271240,21941036,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ka_Anor,awsome game something finnaly diffrent and fun kinsa a crazy learning cruve
76561197990894638,Recommended,271240,19794329,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Gengis,"I am really enjoying this game, worth your time, its very refreshing!!. Thumbs up esp with the updates. I got this game on a sale. Very addictive. Hard game to get use to but rewarding!!! Hits the spot!"
,Recommended,271240,30677695,Posted: 22 March,all,Dominexx,"Absolutly love this game, I'me a business major."
,Recommended,271240,30661808,Posted: 21 March,all,paulaocdm,A lot of fun!
,Recommended,271240,19919792,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Commander,"The game is not terribly deep once you have played it 5-10 times and understand what is going on. That, however, doesn't make it less fun. Especially against other humans. It's actually quite fun and strategic when playing against other people.Is it worth full price? No, probably not unless you have a friend or two to play with. But it's constantly on sale and it's definitely worth any sale price you can find it at."
,Recommended,271240,19979956,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,vladvald777,very dynamic! great soundtrack
76561198032733308,Recommended,271240,19970772,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ruff,Interesting and enjoyable game. Look forward to the full release.
76561198047443969,Recommended,271240,23848927,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hououin Kyouma,"An interesting economic simulation. It really puts you in the shoes of a business CEO. You have to choose which resources to buy and which to produce, as making everything slows you down to the point you can be overtaken rather quickly. The basic idea is that of a resource management game, one where the costs of every item are in flux, just like in the real commodities market, and you have to decide the best course of action. there are power-ups to help you control this, and four factions each with their own abilities. You can pause the game in single player, and while i haven't tried multiplayer yet, i believe it would be an interesting change of pace to play against humans. While this is an interesting game, bear in mind that you will do better if you have a basic understanding of supply and demand, at least at the start. (ie. flooding the market with one good will kill the price of it, destroying your revenue.)"
76561198119538823,Recommended,271240,23849112,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JoeFace,"It's a unique concept and can be pretty challenging when you get into your first few multiplayer matches, but it's real satisfying blowing up your opponent's offworld and buying them out. Plus, Soren's great about keeping up with the game, between his Thursday streams facing other players and frequent updates and tweaks. Overall a good game that I'd recommend to anyone looking for a new kind of RTS to sink their teeth into, and I'll definitely be playing more of it."
76561198067505128,Recommended,271240,23849213,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,itsmes3,"Have you ever wondered how people get so rich in the US? Well, if you play this game you'll find out.Its called going into debt but not paying it off."
76561198001656330,Recommended,271240,23840707,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Niklaos,This is an awesome concept. It's a tone of fun specially if you are playing with friends on a Mumble.
,Recommended,271240,23841477,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[CPC] Ephez,A new RTS genre! Really great game.
,Recommended,271240,25572318,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ToffeeFiveOh,"Easily my favorite strategy game of 2016, it’s a breath of fresh air in the otherwise stale RTS market.The gameplay is simple on the whole, but the pathways to victory are numerous.  That’s not to say it’s easy, quite the opposite on the right difficulty level, or against the right human opponent.   In those circumstances victory is never a sure thing, and you’ll find yourself “fighting” to the end.  When at last you find that silver bullet which capsizes your opponent’s electronics production, sinks their stock value, and you have just enough liquid assets to perform a hostile takeover- you’ll get it.  It’s not for everyone, sure, but anyone who wants to play a strategy game that tests intelligence and acumen more so than strict micro-management, will undoubtedly be satisfied."
,Recommended,271240,25434780,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Verbon_Nonalith,"Trading, sabatoge, and recorece gathering. Buy out and win. Use the off world trade for super pofits. Nice change of pace in a rts game. No vehile or troup combat involed huh.It gets less casual as you ramp up the difficulty. Not a problem. Pretty calm and relaxing if you time everything right."
76561198006959187,Recommended,271240,25359521,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nogin,"Chalenging and fun to play, lots of enjoyment for those of us who like stratergy games, bit on the expensive side but good game none the less.7 / 10"
76561198007088114,Recommended,271240,26069296,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CaptHowdy,I've never played anything quite like it. The game play is so fast that I still have to pause it to consider strategy.Really glad I bought it and would definitly pay full price.
,Recommended,271240,26069352,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,txknight45,Great game. I love the dynamics of the game. Easy to pick up and start playing. Never played anything like it.
76561198000698039,Recommended,271240,26064277,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Fugasas,Fresh idea and very nicely created game. Music is awesome. I would recommend for anyone to play in this sci-fi simulated market since in my eyes it reflects a lot of features of real market. Well done!
,Recommended,271240,26051999,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Siscoprofit,"Fun game, similar in mechanics to SM Railroads only no trains. If you like CIV this is a fun game scratching that itch but in bite sized games instead of multi-day commitments."
,Recommended,271240,26072056,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,worsleychase,I love this game it is a nice refresher from all the fps games and such.I do have some complaints that will just make it better.1. More military things the only (military is black market) but it is very simple.2.More or no claims. Claims are very annoying when you are just starting to play the game and for people like me i like making BIG things.3.Less debt or no grade for black market.Everything else is awesome9.5/10
76561198094803551,Recommended,271240,26186044,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,jm.chrisostome,Good game. It is.But very expansive for the few hours you need to finish it.For me it's a kind of small game.I suggest you to wait (like me) for a special price or discount on this game.
76561198148117611,Recommended,271240,26146857,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Your King ♛,great game slow start but lots of fun
,Recommended,271240,26044988,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jaguetti,Love them nice and short sessions of capitalism.
,Recommended,271240,26045074,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Shaky,This game is alot of fun reminds me of the original transport tycoon / railroad tycoon style games.Worth grabbing while on steam sale but been at the game hours and only went to play it for a few minutes.
,Recommended,271240,26043085,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,PerfectPencil,"Offword Trading company is a base building game...that's pretty much it. But that's amazingly NOT it. There is something really EXCITING about this game, and that taps into a real world scenario were a company attempts to become a monopoly and take out competition through the white and black markets. Buying out a competitor and turning them into a subsidy feels really good. Oddly good, actually. There is this odd feeling of power involved that i've never felt before from a game.To kind of put this into perspective I finished a match and had to sit back and stop for a while. My heart was racing and my palms were a little twitchy. I don't know how a game about building a base and mining resources got me to that state but.. somehow it did.Actually.. i know how. You know monopoly? This game reminds me of a particularily brutal Monopoly win. You know the kind.. where you own most of the board but start to auction off your chores to the highest bidder. When you don't just win, but emotionally crush your friends/family who are playing with you. Yea.. somehow this game taps into that exceptionally powerful and dark corner of our minds. Obliterating someone financially feels so much more powerful than just hsooting them with a gun like every other game. It's intense."
,Recommended,271240,26043347,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,HACK THE PLANET,"Very fun, face-paced game with different ""races"" to play with... All with pros and cons. Things heat up quickly with the black market. A fun game worth the discount sale I got for it. Great music, nice graphics, fun gameplay (especially if you like markets a la EVE Online)"
76561198098422676,Recommended,271240,26132253,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RedGreen,"I have enjoyed playing this game. There are a lot of complicated economic factors that require constant adjustment plus the use of subterfuge to increase your advantage.  If you like the economics of RTS, but not the war, this is the game for you."
76561198024727002,Recommended,271240,22715295,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,byronehoward1,"This game is a reminder of how great Early Access can be, despite all the disappointments we suffer out there when someone comes up with a great concept with all these ideas of what to do with it and is then faced with reality of either the cost of making it, how much time it will take, or simply losing interest in it and releasing a half-baked product or worse, a steaming pile instead of the promised game.That is not the case here.They had an amazing idea with this game.  RTS, but it isn't a military RTS.Wait...that exists?  I thought that was a prerequisite?  Not so!  This game is an RTS based on the competitiveness of business entrepreneurship in a fast paced minimal rule or even better 'make up the rules as you go environment' set on mars.  There are some very familiar RTS elements included in here, such as the upgrade system in between missions served by employees who make your buildings more efficient, resources to hunt for and grab quickly, logical progression of the build up of your 'base', and the black market, which functions a lot like a deployable powers in most RTS game, with potentially game altering mechanics.Pros:-New and innovative idea for the somewhat struggling and stagnant RTS genre.-Easy to learn, but complex and varying enough to make each drop a different decision and a different experience.-Great Dev time that listens to the players.-Great soundtrack.-Very good graphics for a smaller studio.-Polished gameplay.-Makes you really think both long term strategy with shorter term objectives that can change in an instant based on the market or other player actions.-The Campaign is more than just a tutorial, still a little short, but a very fun experience that makes you balance long term investing in certain resources versus the short-term map strategy of how you win, which can be won or lost based on how your long term strategy accounted for potential hiccups in your usual win strategy.Cons-The amount of time that will pass while you are playing this game without you noticing.-You may start saying in your head: ""Offworld Shipment Launched: Look at All The Money"" every time you see a plane or rocket take off.-You may start seeing people are work or school and wondering how you can commit espionage against them and not get caught.This game is very fun and a refreshing reminder of how great Early Access can be when done right.  Thank you for the great game you have created Mohawk games and being receptive to our feedback and suggestions!"
,Recommended,271240,22715378,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Kulzar,"A clever and addictive game!This game is one of the most original strategy title I've seen in a very long while. It's like an Anno game on cocaine.The single-player is fun, and the game has an amazing multiplayer potential!Also, the soundtrack is amazing."
,Recommended,271240,22717941,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Bricksonthewing,"Brilliant game.I believe that Mohawk Games and Stardock were able to pull this game of brilliantly when so many things could have gone wrong.It isn't as complex as it looks but on the harder difficulty modes it really is challenging which makes it all the more enjoyable.I wish that they would add a mechanic where your borders would expand like in Civ 5, it may make it too much like Civ BE.Only one problem with it is that if you use all your tile claims there is no way (That I have found) to get more or remove the tiles you have.All in all if you like the style of Civ 5 but also RTS's then this is a great game for you.  Not to mention if you like science fiction games or space genre."
76561197991623907,Recommended,271240,24583813,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Richard U,"It's an economy-based RTS. But definitely still all about fighting and out-resourcing your opponent. You attack them with Pirates, Dynamite, etc. and you buy their stock to ""kill"" them."
76561197999610560,Recommended,271240,25273718,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Additional Pylons,"An incredibly deep strategy game full of meaningful choices. If only all strategy games could be at this level. Yeah the theming is a little bit boring, but it's still excellent."
,Recommended,271240,24639055,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,NationalBoh,"Incredibly addictive. Best of all, matches are relatively short!"
,Recommended,271240,24617217,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ZombieEinstein,"Honestly, I've had the most fun with this game than I have with any RTS in a long time."
76561198215514692,Recommended,271240,26092798,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,AdmiralGeneralAlex,haven't played the game much yet but looks very promising to be good. Not Civ V good but still pretty good.
,Recommended,271240,26096387,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Crispen,Definitely not a $40 game. Got it for $13.49. Feels more like a $19.99 game. All factions are basically the same with a few perk differences. Would only recommend if you can get for $19.99 or less. 5/10.
76561198041666032,Not Recommended,271240,26096635,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,disgruntled troglodyte,"while I applaud this game for originality and removing a core aspect of most games today - combat - I still honestly believe there isn't really enough content to justify a 40$ CAD price tag. On special, sure, but aside from that there isnt really much keeping you playing past a few hours."
76561198014368218,Recommended,271240,26096943,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Fast-Mover,"To be honest i only got this game because it was on sale... So my expectations were low.This game blew everything out of the water. It is a great economic sim. Just buy it, its loads of fun."
76561198060876173,Recommended,271240,26359904,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hand of Sheog,"Do you like managing resurces? Do you like being up to your eyeballs in paralysing debt? Like, you owe $5 and cannot take any steps towards changing that? Despite some promises made in the tutorial? Do you love never having enough of everything you need?BUY THIS GAME.I'm terrible at resource management.10/10 would again sell absolutly everything at the last second to purchase a competetor who's about to purchase me."
76561197995563410,Recommended,271240,26080509,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[ĜĞ] Locke,"Neat game with interesting mechanics.  It is prone to a heavy snowball effect, where if you get ahead early on it becomes easy to win on the difficulty I played at.It was fun but I am done with it after one campaign playthrough."
76561197969381214,Recommended,271240,26145063,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Blood.Collector,Im a Capitalism 2 fan and I waited 15 years for an economic game to reproduce the great level of replayability and gameplay that Cap 2 featured. I just can't explain how much fun this game is because of the multiplayer aspect and the 'black market' concept. I garantee you will never play the same game twice online with other players. As a big Starcraft player I find absolutely refreshing to play a strategy game without the military aspect that have been soo overused by strategy game developpers over the last 15 years. I think a lot of people are tired of the 'collect ressources->build buildings->make units' pattern. A BIG thumbs up to the Mohawk Games team for thinking 'out of the box' on this one. Thank you.
,Recommended,271240,26114590,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,6ap6apblckaAa,"A nice game, but not that deep, as you may imagine. A must for an economic strategy fan, but not that much for a casual one."
76561197998413330,Recommended,271240,28417871,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Shinebee,"Not a game for playing a long time at once, but if you want a short and sweet victory, this is very enjoyable. Be prepared, not for convential fighting, but outsmarting your opponents economically. This isn't a war game, it's all about who has the better economy."
76561198045999285,Recommended,271240,28213125,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheChipmunk,Crippling dept simulator 2016.
,Recommended,271240,22945321,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Chef,Railroad tycoon in space.
76561197965744300,Recommended,271240,22945524,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,OBG{A}whiterp,"This is perhaps the most complex RTS game I have ever played. Like some other reviewers, the game it most reminds me of is StarCraft, only with dirty tricks instead of armed forces. In single player the AI is scheming and devious and while it plays by the same rules it is tough to beat and very rewarding when you do so. In multiplayer there are so many variables in play that it is very difficult, if not impossible to keep track of them all. One of the best parts of this game are the ""Learn to play"" scenarios. Many complicated games do a very poor job of introducing new players but the progressive scenarios here are great. Be sure to play them all before attempting a real game. I expect this game will provide me many hours of intriguing game play and what more can you ask of a game than that."
,Recommended,271240,22955530,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Shinigami,"I've been playing since Early Access, and, despite a few issues the game had in the past, I liked it.Now, after the final release, I can say I like the game more than ever before!Its a fun little market simulator (buy low sell high kind of simulator), with some ""battle"" elements (you ""fight"" using dirty black market tricks, like hiring pirates, bribing people into giving you more land, making your stock price go up ect). The game is small but highly replayable.There is a single player mode, consisting of:- campaign (special mode, consisting of several games)- single-map skirmish vs AI (you can configure it as you please, including AI difficulty, number of players, size of the map ect)- daily challenge (play vs AI under fixed conditions, there is a leader board, faster win - higher place)And there's multiplayer mode which I never tried, but I believe its lots of fun. And very punishing to newbies, I believe, since this game is quite technical - you need to make right decisions fast.Overall, I'd give this game 4/5 stars. Its nice little fun game to play, innovative in some ways. I like it.I'm a big fan of economy sims in general, and there hasn't been many interesting games of this genre lately. Offworld Trading Company fits my tastes well, if a little sore on the difficulty side (AI gets on my nerves fast when it suddenly wins 3 games in a row). I still like it the way it is, though - if you play your cards right, you win."
,Recommended,271240,22957045,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Jaradakar,"The game plays like a board game (but in real time). It's the closest thing to a modern day M.U.L.E. game I have ever seen (and I'm a HUGE fan of MULE.Games take 30-60 mins (so it's fairly fast) which I love. Music is amazing. Sound effects, art style, animations are all amazing. I really can't recommend the game enough."
,Recommended,271240,14584968,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,WejasVecna,"Updated - 7 May 2016This company took in the good, the bad, and the ugly and turned this game into a very enjoyable product.  I was enthralled at the concept in the pre-release but was originally disappointed in the delivery but Offworld has really turned out something spectacular.They fixed TONS of issues that had been plaguing the community.  They listened to player feedback and incorporated new elements and balancing.  The tutorial is enjoyable and actually instructional.  I am very pleased with the outcome and how it turned out as a whole and I intend to put many more hours into it after seeing a glimpse of what had been changed.  Well done.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It doesn't feel like a $40 game.  It still has a lot of growing and fixing to do before it meets anywhere near the price tag.Tutorials that don't tutorial would be a decent place to start.  It has several different ""tutorials"" but when you start it doesn't actually tell you anything on what's going on.  I fiddled with it for a bit and figured it out for the most part but I wouldn't classify them as tutorials.Playing against other players that begin to lose can end your positive game in a heart beat if they decide to kamikaze their economy by selling all their gathering buildings and smash tons of producing buildings in it's wake.  So when you fully buy them out you obtain unmanagable levels of resource strain which produces a debt count that will turn you from winning to finished in less than a minute.It is early access and sounds promising but I wish I could rewind time and pull my $40 in it's current state.  I would have waited for a 50% off sale before feeling better about this one.  Lets hope by final release I can rewrite this into a positive one."
76561197967236821,Recommended,271240,17540963,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ragabonz,"its an ok game, quite fun quite addictive, feels finished and polished now."
76561198015323297,Recommended,271240,14955402,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,DopamineKata,"The things that drove me nuts during the early access seem to have been dealt with. So I'm flipping by review to positive...This is an intesting take on the ""RTS"" genre."
76561197984402967,Recommended,271240,22769820,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,SteveTheNinja,"This is an excellent, unique strategy game. Super slick interface, gorgeous graphics. I do wonder if it'll grow stale once I fully grasp the mechanics. But as long as the online community remains reasonably active I think it will be fun for quite some time. I believe this game is best played against real humans. The AI is great and excellent for practice matches. But nothing beats the unpredictable greed of human competitors."
76561198030282651,Recommended,271240,22720016,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,shiftingbee,"IIt's a refreshing tycoon really. It's good, it plays fast and nice, it makes you double-think your actions prior to doing anything and it's really fun.I really recommend this game to anyone loving economics symulators of any kind."
76561198031665861,Recommended,271240,22721780,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Morbo,"Dear Mohawk team,We'll done guys.Regards,A faithful and happy follower."
,Not Recommended,271240,16998305,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,nechered,"A game that has potential, but still early in it's development and it shows. I would a bit before buying this game."
,Recommended,271240,22770619,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Cerlin,The best non violent RTS that I have ever played. It has competition and take over but no units or war. Love it!
76561198027942648,Recommended,271240,22771614,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,c0nd0r,"really awesome game, give it a chance and you'll get hook up in no time!"
,Recommended,271240,15756508,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,playerone,Great idea for a game
,Recommended,271240,16689320,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lank,"I had crashing issues, but the developer fixed them.  This game is fun and has resource management strategy elements."
,Not Recommended,271240,16491947,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Radoo,"The recommended HW settings are not true. With a Radeon 6770M (which is better than the first two generations of Intel Iris) I can barely play at minimum graphic settings, with two bots, when I have 10+ buildings placed. Recommended HW should mean HW that works on medium settings or above.How can I speak about the gameplay in this review, if I can barely play?"
,Recommended,271240,18702380,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Metastrong Nohl.com,currently i think this can be a great rts i really do and i would like to love this game and have a lot of fun but i don't. first i beleive that the game needs a better tutorial a way to explain the game cause to me it is making no sense at all. also even if you can have fun with the game (which i hope you do) it is too short make it longer more like civ 4 i loved that game make it more like that but with the economical theme which is a great idea.(review before updates/patches)(EDIT) the game has been worked on by the devs and it seems to me that this game could become the next civ.First of all the devs are listening to the community who think changes should be made and doing them.This amazing by itself and the amount of respect for their work theese devs deserve is nothing close to what they are getting now.They have added many things i think greatly help this game like some of the things i mentioned in my previous review.Overall i recomend this game due to its growing potential and har working devs making the game.(review after updates/patches)
76561197969727244,Recommended,271240,24107586,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Galaxy,I really really like this game.
,Recommended,271240,24109642,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nyanie,"Easy to learn, difficult to master, good to have a space faring resource management game that focuses on the business aspects rather than combat. Reminds me a little of Gazillionaire, though Offworld Trading Company is way more polished and the humour is a bit more refined"
,Recommended,271240,30020031,Posted: 18 February,all,frozen G,"Just a great game with great graphics.  Different challenges on each level.  Pick up and play anytime.  For some, the repeatable mechanics of the game will be a turn off.  Each game is very similar, but with subtle differences that push you in different directions.  AI forces you to use sabotage tactics throughout the game play to stay ahead."
76561198071901376,Recommended,271240,30012278,Posted: 18 February,all,Don Gato,"Meh... Like all stardock games it’s missing something... don’t know what that is, but it’s how they always feel. I got it on sale so I got my moneys worth. Very repetitive. If you can get it for 10 bucks-ish go for it."
,Recommended,271240,26103804,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Lilith Nightshade,"Update: So far I would like to say that while I may not have a whole lot of hours on this game yet. I have enjoyed every minute of playing it. Everyone's enjoyment can differ. But at this point in time I have to say that it would have been worth the full price despite my getting it in a bundle that was on sale. I have kept this game installed since purchase and do go to it from time to time so it will for sure get it's due time. I didn't rack up a lot of hours on all my other games in 1 sitting and this is no different. On to my orginal un-edited review. I may update later on. And the whole fact that the Developer actually responded to my review shows they care. So KUDOS to them!At first I couldn't get past a Skirmish level. It would keep crashing to my desktop. But after doing some tweaks, one was discovering my laptop's GTX 770M had a driver update it played flawlessly. I also disabled a few graphics settings that I felt didn't get rid of the imerssion and capped the fps at 60 (It was at 100 before).Now the game is running fine and I managed to unlock the campaign mode to play!Would I consider it worth the full price. I don't know. As there isn't a HUGE supply line setup like in say Factorio. But... this isn't that. I also managed to get the game on sale and so far I've gotten about an hour into it, and that was with 3 skrimish plays. (2 of which crashed to desktop) I consider getting my moneys worth once I've played as many hours as the game cost. ($20 game, 20 hours, it was worth the money.) I spent $20 on a bundle of this game and part of the dlc so we'll see if I get my money's worth. It may not be in one sitting of course, but if you look at my profile your see some of my games have over a hundred hours in them! So I do enjoy my games and when I get hooked on one I do get my money's worth! This may be one of them, since it does have RTS parts."
,Recommended,271240,29938875,Posted: 15 February,all,RJ(wolf),this game is a very fun economic simulator game
76561197991243175,Recommended,271240,29948771,Posted: 15 February,all,Xebec,Upvoting alone for the (Atari 800) M.U.L.E. references - Thanks Stardock!But also because this is a fun game you shouldn't pass up!
,Recommended,271240,29744936,Posted: 6 February,all,Æther,Another great Base-Buikding game
,Recommended,271240,29608199,Posted: 31 January,all,[RK] Nero,"I like the idea of the game, and the gameplay is good too! Worth the money!"
,Recommended,271240,30043164,Posted: 19 February,all,Cap'nCrunch,Best RTS game i have played in a long time!
76561198252545130,Recommended,271240,28808325,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NerdBisque,This game was very good and still is i love playing it with friends to see their ulltimate attack strategys.  Fun game for those who are Smart
76561198045122342,Recommended,271240,28836311,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Opher,An interesting take on the RTS genre for sure.  Game play was enjoyable and would recommend Checking it out if it is on sale.
76561198006592847,Recommended,271240,28925513,Posted: 1 January,all,o_O,Very charming but shallow game.  Each match last about 20 mins.  There are not enough building mechanics nor win conditions.  I dont recommend buying this for over $10.
76561197979737114,Recommended,271240,28947059,Posted: 2 January,all,joseph_taylor1986,If you are interested in business or economics this game is a breath of fresh air.
,Recommended,271240,29020699,Posted: 4 January,all,Joker,"The game is what i would call a ""Small MasterPiece""Its a rare game to be honest.Its a bit diferent from other games as well.You build your own Company and start building factories that bring in Resources so you can sell them, but you have to watch the market prices all the time since they go up and down.Something Important that not even i knew when i first baught the game.This game isnt a continues build company. Like for example you start a game (Single Player) and you build and build and create more and more. At least thats what i though in the begining. No.This game is a PvP sort of game. You join a lobby wait for players to join in and then you start the game. What you have to do is build correctly your business, bring in necesary resources so you can upgrade your HQ so you can build more. Buy stock of other players which a player has 10 slots of stock. Buy 5 slots of stock and then you can buy all his company and throw him out of the game. Build what sells more. Watch your money rise. Be the last man standing and win.Basically every match lasts a maximum 20 minutes. Its not a continues game and has no story. So if you are a person who wants a calm relaxing game that asks you to build a company by going around gatherind Resources to build and grow then you are at the wrong place.I give the game as a game    (9/10*)But since it has very little players and all you do mostly is play with AI Skyrmish im giving it an    (8/10*)If it had more people for sure i would give it    (9.5/10*)"
,Recommended,271240,29104122,Posted: 7 January,all,Rahlik,Horde the resourcesdisrupt supply linesFlood Market with overpriced bananasBuy out the oppositionGreat fun :)
76561198028425194,Recommended,271240,29080346,Posted: 6 January,all,Parsethal,"A beautiful, lithe and brutal strategy game. The market is the spine of Offworld Trading Company, and mastering it is like trying to hold a writhing eel in your hands.Matches are over in about 20-30 minutes, and are as tense as any other military RTS. Christopher Tin's soundtrack is one of the best from 2016, and the tutorial is hilarious. I can't recommend this game more."
76561197975137358,Recommended,271240,28811416,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CropCircle,"In 1983, M.U.L.E was released and it showed me what was possible with computer gaming (which ultimately lead to my profession in software).  It was such an amazing achievement for it's time and was like nothing else on the C64.  This game not only pays direct (and indirect) homage to that classic but expands on it to get achieve EXACT same thrill that I achieved in 1983.  It has real time auctioning!, rts feel, crucial agonizing descisions, art!  Fantastic!"
76561198074218842,Recommended,271240,28880925,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,the.silent.rose,"Very lovely game, Enjoyed playing a few hours, definitely gets pretty difficult later on in the game but if you love a challenge and enjoy building and multi-resource company then I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,271240,30070371,Posted: 20 February,all,Iron Narwhal,"I think this game is great! It seems simple enough to get the basics, but there is a very high skill cap. Games with your friends are exciting to backstab eachother with the black market, and the randomized maps keep the game fresh.Very good strategy game if you like RTS."
,Recommended,271240,30112282,Posted: 22 February,all,Battle_Buddy,"I absolutely love this game. It's actually changed my perspective on money irl. I'm not good at it, but I simply love playing it. The feel, the art, the soundtrack- it's all phenomenal."
76561198258322781,Recommended,271240,30068776,Posted: 20 February,all,Nobody Expects Maximus!,"I'd been eyeing this game for a while, and a sale hit so I finally bought it. Wow, did the AI ever school me the first few times! Lots of options to play with: what resources do I harvest? Buy power or make it? Do I pick an HQ with raw materials or finished goods as primary build components? There's a great big difference between each HQ type, and the balance is pretty good, too. Depending on the map you pull and even where on that map you decide to explore to start out, you'll pick a different HQ. And you'll need to! There's just no way can one HQ type can win in every scenario, and I think that's another great indicator of the balance between each different HQ's strengths and weaknesses, and that really adds to the fun of learning and playing the game. I like random maps and skirmish so far, haven't got much beyond that, but I surely will. And boy does the black market and all the shenanigans available in THERE ever add some interesting gameplay dimensions! (But don't let your bond ratings fall too low, or you don't get to give, you'll just receive shenanigans. Yikes!) This game has a lot to enjoy, and I'm finishing a game in about 15-20 minutes, so it's not an all night commitment, either. Play 1 or 2, or 7 in a row, it's still fun. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,271240,30039055,Posted: 19 February,all,Krazor,if you like a chalenge and manipulating the stock market. this is definatly the game for you. myself as a gold guru in MMO's find this extreamly pleasing. during the sale i picked this up at a discount. however its totally worth full price. definatly worth picking up
76561198202604940,Not Recommended,271240,15551734,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sparco1500,Latest update feels so slow and bloated... Not sure how they didn't spot this during development...
76561198051551071,Recommended,271240,18752390,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ubilaz,"This game was nice but the new update sucks. The UI looks like crap unlike the stylized UI before that fit the theme. The usability of the UI sucks. Very weird that they changed it. Also there are some options missing and it became much more different to win, i.e. before you could find a weak spot and work with that, now the feedback loop is weakened and it makes less of a difference what you do. Once they get a launch tower and you didn't yet it's game over. Please rollback to v6.---Ok, now, a year or so later, the game is totally fixed. It is amazing. The UI is way better. I like it a lot."
76561197979232185,Recommended,271240,26049291,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,WireInEye [CZ],Nice game
76561198159031346,Recommended,271240,31290401,Posted: 21 April,all,Vishankashot,"2 Words i can describe to the game - Bloody Fantastic!, Love the content and Gameplay! Would Def recommend playing it! Especially with a friend! makes the game even more fun and enjoyable, lots of laughs and fun :)"
76561198002625505,Recommended,271240,31688915,Posted: 11 May,all,GamePlayerSam,"I've only played afew missions, but I think it's a good game so far."
76561198022975473,Recommended,271240,31695000,Posted: 11 May,all,Lord Beavis,Great deal for $10.
