user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,271590,31826196,Posted: 18 May,all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,"Alright listen, as much as I love the Grand Theft Auto series, and even though I enjoy this game a lot..... I can honestly say with full confidence this game is the epitome of every disease you can think of. The online mode is where this game really shines (or WOULD shine) other than the blockbuster-like story in single player mode, and crazy Trevor of course. But see, that's just the problem..... everybody plays the online mode, but it's so terrible, the community is toxic as f*ck, and the loading screens... for f*cks sake. Hold on, Let me create this list of bullsh*t for you real quick:1. Loading screens take forever.2. One of the most toxic communities I've ever seen, literally feels like you're playing with 9 year old kids. Not even joking.3. Bored players who will constantly f*ck with you and ruin your fun so that you can't get anything done.4. Everything is EXPENSIVE as all hell and it's extremely time consuming to make money, and you can hardly even do that without d*ckheads constantly trying to kill you and blow up your product, which is really stupid because they don't really get much of a reward out of it at all, so it further proves that they just do it to be a d*ck.5. There are HACKERS literally EVERYWHERE in this game, and they will do crazy sh*t such as spawn a ton of money in your account for no reason (which can apparently get you banned, how f*cking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is that?) or spawn all the players on the map onto a roof top and then blow them all up with a missile.They give ZERO f*cks, and are quite annoying.6. The f*cking loading screens X___X7. You can play a Solo session, or with your friends only.... but you're not allowed to do any actual CEO or MC club work, etc without being in a public session full of d*ckheads, which makes money making almost impossible when you got mother f*ckers flying around in jets trolling everyone, blowing your sh*t up.8. You have to constantly jump from session to session, in hopes that you'll get away from said d*ckheads and can actually get some sh*t done in peace.9. And I mean the community is so toxic, I've never seen so much hostility and name calling in a video game in my life, jesus christ.......... nobody gives a f*ck about anybody or anything in this game. I mean yeah it's GTA, but the people on here get a bit ridiculous most of the time I'll be honest.10. It doesn't matter how big your gang/ crew is, all it takes is one d*ckhead with a rocket launcher or a jet to blow up your plane or truck full of cargo worth hundreds of thousands of dollars that you wasted half your f*cking day trying to make.11. I'm sure there's a couple more things I missed on this list of bullsh*t but whatever.12. This game almost drove me to the edge of insanity. I'm 27 years old, I don't need this bullsh*t right now, I need to take a break lol.13. I'll come back to it some other time, but if you, the person reading this, plans on buying it and trying it out for the online mode...... then be prepared for all the bullsh*t I just talked about, unless of course you're just some bored 11 year old turd (or grown man for all I know) that wants to get on and troll people, then by all means go right ahead, if that makes you feel better about your life.14. Oh wait, the heists..... man f*ck heists, I'm not waiting 10 years (literally) for players that are level 587 to join the lobby only to suck a** anyways and fail the heists every single time. It's bad enough low level players do which is to be expected, but man when you're that high of a level.... c'mon now. (And yes I'm being serious, though it isn't always this bad, but it can be).15. And shark cards can gobble my balls._________________________________________________________________Other than that, this game is an awesome game and very addicting, totally worth the money, you'll have tons of fun, especially in online mode, I promise :D"
,Not Recommended,271590,29460548,Posted: 24 January,all,Nite242,"Things I Have Never Done in GTA Online:Used Hacks in Any FormModded the Game (Single or Multiplayer)Been Given Hacked MoneyAsked for Hacked MoneyGlitched or Used ExploitsCheated or Abused the GameHad any Software Installed that has been known to Interfere with Cheat DetectionThings I Have Done:Paid for GTAV on two platformsSpent over 350hours playing GTAOnline across two platformsRarely spent any time in Public GTAOnline SessionsBought all Previous Rockstar Games and Loved themSo in early December 2016 I was grinding hard in GTAOnline during a slow week. I had decided to set myself goal of earning enough money through CEO Jobs and Biker Work to buy a Super Yacht. After a few days of grinding I logged on and found I had been banned. I checked my email and found an agressively vague non-specific email telling me I had violated Rockstars EULA and I had been banned from GTAOnline for one month.At first I was fairly okay with this, it was one month, and sometimes these things happen. Then I found out that I had my character stats, profile, money and assets wiped out. So I left a ticket on Rockstar social club querying this and attemping to appeal the ban and got back a generic reply that I had violated the EULA and the ban is final.I have spent the last month sending in tickets, asking different questions trying to at the very least pinpoint what my violation of the terms of service was. I have yet to recieve anything except identical replies, all giving me the exact same vague information that I had violated the EULA and had been banned and that all bans were final. I tried calling up Rockstar technical support (which I only found the phone number for my country on Reddit - thanks to who ever posted that), and the person on the phone read me the EXACT same reply I got by email and then proceeded to hang up.At the very least Rockstar has some horrible customer service. At worst, they are deliberately obstructing and willfully ignoring the compaints of paying customers. No automated ban system is flawless, and prior to this I would have agreed that people claiming false bans are just whining cheaters. But now I believe that there is at least a minority of banned players who have been banned for no valid reason, have had hours upon hours of gameplay wiped and have no recourse to appeal the bans. There are victory stories from before Rockstar updated their ban policy mid-2016 when people had been able to appeal the bans due to false-positives, and this at least shows that the automated ban system is flawed.Let me be clear: I couldn't even find out what I did to earn the ban, let alone be given the chance to refute it.Overall:So: if you want this game for singleplayer, go for it. It's good. Story isn't as tight as GTAIV but the gameplay has improved greatly. But if you want to buy GTAV for Online only, think twice; because you may end up having hundreds of invested hours wiped out for no apparent reason, and have no way to even appeal or find out why.Edit:Some links.YouTube streamer banned, while in game, after streaming from character creation to ban.Rockstar come out and say that software hook-ins don't affect bans.Rockstar suspension policy.A Redditors ban story. Has more links and details than in this review, make your own opinon.FalseBanGTAO Steam Group.Rockstars profits from Sharkcards.Rockstar claims Singleplayer mods were never meant to cause bans. (Possibly outdated).Rockstars say recieving modded money won't cause bans."
76561197982588266,Not Recommended,271590,34117418,Posted: 8 August,all,Toxygen,"Over 1,000 hours on file and I get banned because a man with an airplane sticking out of his crotch locks me in place and dumps money on my head. Yea totally my fault for not logging out, and not Rockstars for not fixing their netcode."
76561198090476439,Not Recommended,271590,34598655,Posted: 29 August,all,Raginracer26,"I once loved this game.  I played the game the way they wanted me to play and they took $59,150,500 from my account.  I never once cheated, glitched, or modded this game.  I won't be buying anymore take-two products.  I literally spent $400 on shark cards and they stole that money back from me.  At first I thought it was a mistake and they would fix it.  But, I think they intentionally did this to a lot of people.  They left me with $8,600,000.  They don't understand simple math?  No, they did it intentionally.  These companies, Take-two interactive and Rockstar Games are scum.  I will never buy any other product from them ever again.  I'm now going to uninstall my game forever.  Don't make the same mistake as me.  I wish I never played.  4,500 hours of my life gone.EDIT:Clearly, I spent the money. But, I earned all of it back and more by playing the game as intended. The point is they took my legit money and said I had ""illegitimate funds"". All the money I made in the game adds up in my stats. I have two characters, so one doesn't show details, the total is there. They removed more than the amount I had paid for in addition to the money I made. The money I paid for with real money was taken back. That money doesn't count towards money earned. It's like putting your money in the bank, then a year later they tell you that it was mostly counterfeit bills. You know they weren't. Would you trust that bank with your money again?PROOF:https://i.imgur.com/4ZpCUAp.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/CdNwbpJ.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/ZvbDo24.png"
,Not Recommended,271590,34521246,Posted: 26 August,all,Julthor,"You think every single review here is fake and they're all salty cheaters?I thought so too.Recently, Rockstar decided to remove cash from players' accounts because ""they have illegitimate money.""The last two weeks were really good for GTA:O with profitable events and discounts, making money wasn't so bad.But the moment they released Smuggler's Run trailer, they started purging accounts.They literally ""stole"" 8.7 million from me. Some people lost 150k, some lost 20+ million. This is not PC exclusive, people lost money on PS and XBOX too.I'm not saying all these people are innocent but i know i've been playing my *ss off (activity;280 hours past 2 weeks) but apperantly they don't like it when you earn too much. I still have decent amount of money, but that doesn't change the fact that they stole cash from my account out of nowhere. Too much real life parody there.I lost millions because of the business bugs, glitches. (Supplies never arrive, 75k worth of supplies produce 63k worth of product, no production even though business is active etc...)I lost millions because Import/Export bugs. (Vehicle starts burning for no reason, sometimes 15 minute delivery timer reduces itself to 2-3 minutes. When you're about to sell, a long loading screen then cars are gone or invisible,etc... )I lost hours, when you're done with a sale, sometimes you receive ""Transaction Error, price is invalid."" or ""Transaction error, too much activity in your account."" I'm sure that was suppose to be against modders. Guess what? I play legit, i get an error. In the next session a modder's dropping 50k cash every 30 seconds. What happened to my business? I lost some of my product, recieved no money. I can try selling it again and hope i won't get any errors this time.What about Rockstar Support?They're worse than Nexon.Nexon doesn't give a sh*t.Rockstar doesn't give a sh*t plus they damage your in-game experience.I sent about six tickets, i got three different responses. No, it's not because they ignore your ticket. They have a support catalog or something where they copy&paste the best answer for your question.Please take a look at these reponses. These are real.Response for the transaction errors. ""We're good, your connection is sh*t, go away"" response;https://www.imageupload.co.uk/images/2017/08/27/review1.jpgResponse for the lost Import/Export vehicles. I don't know what to think about this;https://www.imageupload.co.uk/images/2017/08/27/review2.jpgReponse for the second lost Import/Export vehicles. Now, there're a lot of scumbag youtube ""content creators"" out there. They give people tips on ""How to get free cash from Rockstar Support"" you know, clickbait bullsh*t.Now, i get this treatment because of that.https://www.imageupload.co.uk/images/2017/08/27/review3.jpgThis is Rockstar Support for you.I've had similar issues last year, but they actually helped back then, sent me the money i lost and stuff. I don't know what changed this year.""Oh, you've played 1800 hours, you got your money's worth."" That's not how it works. That playtime includes loading screens, connection errors and my no-life grinding... They make truckloads of money from Shark Cards and they keep releasing new content. But with every new update, the game gets more outrageous and exploitative.Shark Card prices weren't enough. OpenIV scandal, ridiculous drip feeding content and now this.DLCs in this game are NOT free unless you play (grind) 5-6 hours a day.The fandoms on Rockstar forums are pathetic.This game is not worth it,even for single player. They still haven't released a single thing for the single player.Do not support this corporate nonsense.I'd say it's a shame because the game is really good but nope, i have nothing good to say.Stay away from this company.Update: Now they constantly change vehicle stats, can you guess why? They released a supercar that costs 2.4 million. It was faster than anything else in it's class, but for a week. It's third now. Again, more exploitative behaviour from Rockstar..If you have any doubts, read the review comments."
,Not Recommended,271590,30252332,Posted: 28 February,all,Captain Masterson,"600 hours. Great game. Came back on to have some fun with an old friend and to check out the new updates. We did some CEO missions and drove around, deciding not to bother the other players and do our own thing. I log off the game. Five minutes later i receive an email stating i have violated the EULA and my account, character, and inventory have all been reset. Years of work. Gone. I decided to give the game another chance after the same scenario had happened to my best friend before the reset was a thing, just to have it happen to me. Don't get me wrong, we had a blast driving around, grinding up enough money to finally buy the vehicles and homes we wanted, then proceed to try the new modes as they came out like the racing, CEO, adversary modes. I saw all these negative reviews on the page stating how people had been randomly banned, and when they brought this up on the forums, they were called ""liars"" and told ""Dont cheat again♥♥♥♥♥quot;. I thought they were full of♥♥♥♥♥♥until it happened to me. I have no chance of getting all i've worked for back unless i buy their damn shark cards, and even then, whos to say they wont ban me again? I can say the uninstall button worked better than the anti-cheat, as ive seen countless modders roaming around unopposed, causing hell to other players. Im 90% sure that the majority of answers im going to get for this review are going to be the ""regulars"" who claim everyone hacks or cheats except them, and that i won't be missed. Thats fine. Just note Rockstar, if you by chance read my lovely review, you've lost another customer. I will never buy from you again. It was fun while it lasted but in the end, even i was beaten by a robot with the banhammer, with no reason, or ♥♥♥♥s given."
,Not Recommended,271590,25262994,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stoned-Phoenix,"Let me start at the beginning in order to accurately describe this atrocity that has happened to me a few months ago. Just now decided to write a review after seeing the same thing has happened to so many others.I bought GTAV onSeptember 17th, 2013.I waited in the pre-order line at gamestop because I was so damn hyped for this game. I was only intending to play it on console until the PC version came out. At this point I had no clue that there was going to be character swaps from console to PC. I obtain level 72 on console. Loving the game, couldn't be happier (except if the radio stations were better).PC version release date is announced sometime in January 2015. I immediately pre-order it in order to get the bonus money that was available as a pre-order incentive. Upon release I transfer my character from console to PC and recieve my pre-order money. I was so thrilled to finally be playing this great game on PC. In the last year I put in 390 hours online in this game and achieved level 136 if I recall correctly. Countless hours of heist grinding, job grinding, lots of shark cards bought. Sitting at something like 11million dollars. 2 houses, 2 garages. Everything I could ever want in the game. I had things that weren't even obtainable anymore. I was thrilled with where the game was going. Then.... I get bored; So I quit playing for 2 months.A friend asks me, ""Hey come play GTA with me let's wreck some kids"". Sure why not. I get on for about an hour and we do just that, wreck some kids. I log off for the night and log in the next day to a 10 day ban. I was beyond baffled. How could I be banned when I didn't do anything? Surely rockstar support can help me. So I call in an attempt to figure out what is going on. I get fed a rehearsed line about bans being the result of online modding etc etc. I ask for a supervisor, the supervisor says the same thing. I ask for his supervisor. He says there is no one above him available and I was unable to appeal my ban. His reasons are as follows.""Just accept the 10 day ban.""""If you weren't really doing anything then in 10 days you can play again and nothing will be lost, just take a break"".He neglects to tell me that the system was going to take all of my money and I would have to start over. Grinding countless heists/jobs or buy a large sum shark card (which is ultimately what they wanted me to do).I come back around 12 days later and play for a few hours. Nothing out of the ordinary happens. I then got off for the night. The following day I got back on and was banned again. This time for 30 days. I think to myself ""No &*%#ing way, this isn't possible"". I callAGAINand get the same rehearsed lineAGAINfrom both the first and second level of support (always ask for a supervisor). Except this time something was different. This time I was being allowed to appeal my ban. I thought for sure I would be exonerated of these allegations.Nope.I was told that I must have been hacking if their skynet system banned me. That there is nothing they can do and that ""evidence of illicit activity"" was found on my account. So I ask them to check again and they do. Same result.At this point I start thinking ahead. ""What happens when I get back from this 30 day ban?"". ""I'm just going to be banned again for the same false reason?""They reply, ""that shouldn't happen sir"". I reply, ""Shoulda coulda woulda. It's happened twice now so what makes next time any different. No variables have changed. If I record all of my gameplay from now on will that protect me? If I am indeed banned upon return to your game can I use the footage as proof of my innocence?""""Yes"", I was told. Not maybe, not ""we're not sure"". I was told""Yes, that will suffice"".So I did just that. I recorded all of my gameplay. Unfortunately ""all"" only ended up being roughly 2 hours the night I was unbanned after the 30 day ban because I was immediately banned permanently after logging off for that night.This is starting to get a little longer than I expected so I'll cut it short. I tried to appeal the permament ban. I thought ""I have video that I didn't do anything, surely this time it will be different.... they will have to unban me"".NOPE.I'll just end my review here and link my evidence. The videos of my gameplay and their final reply to me in my appeal where I linked them the videos.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVEBdTP7X4S3b5VYQEvV7WN_0xNOgAcOQhttp://imgur.com/a/WWIFQTL;DR: ROCKSTAR CUSTOMER SUPPORT IS TERRIBLE AND IF YOU BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL BE BANNED BY SKYNET SIMPLY FOR BEING IN THE SAME LOBBY AS A SCRIPTER (WHICH WILL ALWAYS HAPPEN).Edit: According to various sources (denied by Rockstar when I called them today) I was banned for MSI Afterburner/RivaTuner. This would make sense to me now that I think about it. However my review remains unchanged because they are doing absolutely nothing to fix the issue. I was told that I am not allowed to appeal my permanent ban because their system is flawless and does not falsely ban people for any reason. The support supervisor (Kyle) even acknowledged that he had heard of the MSI/Riva complaint but that it was ""false"". So yeah I'm still in the same place I started. Still will never support another Rockstar game for as long as I live."
76561197976625086,Not Recommended,271590,34713136,Posted: 3 September,all,Domino,"GTA Online, the jack of all trades game which does everything quite well while staying a safe distance away from all forms of perfection.  I currently have 4,617 hours of playtime logged in this game, most of it online or in the creator.  Once this game made it out on PC, complete with a first person viewpoint, I felt as though my lifelong journey of discovering an entire world which I could live in and do whatever I desired was finally becoming a reality.I loved this game.  LOVED this game.  I've been playing since the top-down days of GTA 1, always dreaming of the time when I could experience this crazy alternate world 'from my own eyes.'However, having spent this much time in the game leaves me with one conclusion:  I simply cannot recommend this game.  Not to anyone, not for any reason.  Not ever.See, in a game which revolves around drugs, money, murder, and any manner of illegal activities, I kind of expect to be treated like a criminal inside of the game.I do not expect to be treated like a crimial outside of the game by the sorry excuse they have for tech support.On 08/29/17, well into week 3 of some amazing double payout bonuses and mere days away from the Smuggler's Run DLC, my few friends and I were spending many long hours playing away and racking up some serious money through all of our hard work.  However, Rockstar decided that it was time to run another sweep looking for people who mod, glitch, cheat, hack, or exploit their game.Apparently it found very few of these people.  Instead, it found a whole bunch of us legitimate players.  Then it decided to punish us all wholesale, never once telling us why or how it came to this conclusion.  Better still, many of these people with modded money didn't get affected at all!First we are met with a screen during the game's loading cycle stating 'we have determined that GTA$ and/or RP details on your account were adjusted by something out of your control and we have taken action to fix it.  No additional action is required from you at this time.'Now, a lot of people will try to argue that they are completely legit 'except for that one time when...'  I am not one of these people.  I know what the public sessions are like in this game.  It's because of this that I had only ever played in closed or solo sessions until very recently, with the same one or two known and trusted friends, for most of my online time.  I had never played online on a console and had never transferred an online character.  I routinely took screenshots of my online bank account just in case some modder somehow managed to get through to me and mess with my hard-earned cash.To this day I have yet to see a single glitched or modded GTA dollar go into my account.  I would know if it went there.  I do not place myself into situations where such a thing could happen and I keep a very close eye on what happens to my game.  In addition I've never modded nor glitched GTA money, myself.  I've never even duped a car.  Honestly, I don't even know how to do any of this stuff!Rockstar apparently could not care any less about this as they had decided to 'take action' and steal $28,553,333 of my legitimate, hard-earned money.  Right out of the blue, no explanation given.  'Okay,' I think, 'their anti-cheat is confused with the double payouts we've gotten over these last few weeks.  They'll figure it out, this'll get sorted out, everyone who had their legit cash removed will get it back.'  There's quite a lot of us, too.  Look around the forums and message boards.  Tons of us.  Including about ten people whom I've just stared playing with mere days ago, which happens to be most of the people that I know in this game.Sadly, this does not appear to be the case.  Rockstar's support number has a doofy automated thing saying to use their support website (which many of us have already attempted to use.)  Any attempt to mention this stolen money on said website will soon see the issue being flagged as being a 'cheat/exploit or banning issue.'  It may or may not also have an automated response from some soulless bot stating that ""Your shared bank account in GTA Online was adjusted to remove illegitimately gained in-game money.""  Then the trouble ticket will be closed.  End of story, slap across the face.  'You cheated, we corrected it, get lost.'Like Hell!  Not ONCE have I EVER done anything in this game to cheat.  I HATE cheating.  Had any modded money been dropped onto me I would have told them about it in a heartbeat.  But Rockstar simply does not care about how legitimate we are.  They are always in the right, we as players are always in the wrong.  I'll probably never see that money back but that doesn't mean I'm going to stop sending them trouble tickets about it.  I'm currently sitting at number four.  They will keep hearing from me until they either fix their error or ban me.Nowhere has there been any official word from them about this.  No 'we recognize that there was an issue' or 'we are currently looking into the matter.'  Nope, we're all dirty cheaters, go screw off somewhere else.  As if it wasn't bad enough that they find any way they can to deplete our online bank accounts through normal play, now they're outright stealing it from a lot of us!All of the other rampant bugs in this game, both new and old, I could come to overlook (and there are quite a few of them!)  The increasingly forced public session play, the psychotic AI drivers, the ridiculous AI buffs, being called a '♥♥♥♥♥ucker' by the NPC's hundreds of times during play (Rockstar must have a fascination with this word combination,) the list goes on.  I won't even get into the mess that is story mode.This matter, however...  Now that I know who I am dealing with I am done purchasing anything with Rockstar's name on it.  Take 2 is in significant danger as well since their name is now associated with this title.  This kind of treatment of their playerbase is beyond unacceptable.  I can't even fathom how much of my time had been lost due to this, though if you consider that their most expensive Shark Card weighs in at $100 USD and gives you 8 million credits then they just stole nearly $357 USD from me because of this nonsense and there isn't anything in the world I can do about it.  (Except for sending them a bunch of trouble tickets and writing a negative review on Steam.  Power to the consumer, gorramit.)I had worked my butt off in this game for every dollar which I had saved and spent.  I played it smart, made intelligent purchases, played the game the way it was meant to be played and did everything that I could do to protect myself and my belongings.  As it turns out someone did manage to mess up my account in the end, just not how I would have expected.Grand Theft Auto receives two middle fingers way, way up.  If you've managed to avoid purchasing this game so far, congratulations!  Stay far, far away from it and its rampant toxicity.  If you already have purchased this and happened to experience a similar situation then I strongly encourage you all to join me in avoiding any of their games from this point forward while continuing to contact them through any means possible until they fix their broken crap and give us back our hard-earned money.Seriously, go sit on a cactus Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32423428,Posted: 14 June,all,Dylan,"I'm leaving a negative review because TakeTwo sent a Cease and Desist to the OpenIV team. OpenIV is a modding software that helps enables a MASSIVE ammount of mods for Gta V and Gta IV. Basically modding is ""illegal"" so I am leaving this negative review. The game is okay, but this ""No Modding Policy"" is ridiculous and I will not stand for it.*There, I edited this review so it seems a bit more proper and not inaccurate. If there is anything I have gotten wrong, be sure to let me know.*"
,Not Recommended,271590,32423447,Posted: 14 June,all,Aevus,"RIP OpenIV.Go to hell Take Two and Rockstar.Edit: OpenIV appears to be back, but i'm not changing the review.There are too many issues I have with GTA online to change it."
,Not Recommended,271590,34526488,Posted: 27 August,all,Gotcha!,"R* is currently taking legitimate money away from hundreds, possibly thousands of players.Their cheat detection is flawed and honest players are paying the price for it.If you're reading this and are skeptic about it, so was I, until it was my turn to pay up.I play in private sessions only, for the sole reason to avoid cheaters. It didn't help. You'll get your turn.I do not recommend this game until R* gets their act together.Edit:I'd like to add that buying the game for single player is absolutely worth it, but online is simply a mess.It's been 3 weeks now and R* refuses to acknowledge their error, so I stopped playing and caring. There's no point in playing online if R* can steal your legitimate money away at any time. And the irony is that legitimate players are getting hurt while cheaters are unaffected.I will never buy another R* game again and I doubt I am the only one. The way they treat their players is ghastly. Their support desk is insulting. It's all about the money, now more than ever."
,Not Recommended,271590,29569361,Posted: 29 January,all,Wufex,"Your account has been suspended to 28.2.2017In addition, your GTA Online character will be reset.Thank you R*, your support is overwelming.This ban has been issued with no reason, its just there, after I done a CEO Cargo sell mission.Yeah ban legit players but keep the modders mod. Nice job R*. How to waste 100 hours and 30€ for this stupid game without an anti-cheat.Also, thanks to my brother for his christmas gift. That made me happy. But now the money spent worthless."
76561198018050090,Not Recommended,271590,31620416,Posted: 8 May,all,Philip,"Yes. I would recommend this game for the Singleplayer mode.The muliplayer however..When I first bought this game I didn't even care for the multiplayer. I spend over 350+ hours in the singleplayer alone and it was great. Plenty of stuff to do, plenty of fun to be had with some minor problems here and there. But nothing to be worried about.When I started the multiplayer, everything appeared to work just fine. It looks more like a loadingscreen simulator but there is still plenty of fun to be had. The sheer amount of stuff to do is amazing and with some friends you can have hundreds of hours of fun. But then everything changed when Rockstar attacked..Now I cannot find a single game without hackers, modders or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you call them. When I still had a low-level character, I met a few hackers and they were generally nice people. They played along in heists and missions and just did their own thing and had fun by themselves without bothering the other players.But now it seems they have turned extremely hostile. Blowing up your vehicles, dropping you from high altitudes, spawning a tsunami of cars on your head, putting people in lift cabins, going on a rampage while being invulnerable to attacks.. It's just ridiculous, unfair and extremely childish.Rockstar has failed miserably in removing these hackers from their game. They are banning more innocent players than hackers with their new automated system.Yesterday (7th of May, 2017), for example, out of the blue a hacker gave me 17 million dollars. You may think 'Allright! More money to spend! finally I can buy that Yacht and modified car I've been working my♥♥♥♥♥off to obtain!'But you'd be wrong. I IMMEDIATELY left that game so the amount I got wouldn't be rising even further.Why? Because Rockstar is now also punishing players who OBTAIN money from hackers, whether it was obtained voluntarily or not. Now I am terrified of Rockstar's ""Banning machine of Death"" and affraid to play the game again for fear that my level 112 character will be reset and all of my work will be gone without any hope of getting it back.Hackers, you're not trolls. You're not funny. You're not clever.Call me old-fashioned or a big soft ♥♥♥♥♥, but in my book, you're all a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s whose parents did a lousy job teaching you the value of respect. Just because you're anonymous on the internet doesn't give you the right to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ nor does it justify your actions.And Rockstar, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥in order and make sure these people stop terrorizing your game.I'll change my recommendation of the multiplayer to positive when they start to put more effort into the anti-cheat.For now, buy this game if you want to play the single player. If you only want to play the multiplayer, I strongly recommend you wait until this problem has been fixed."
,Not Recommended,271590,34053751,Posted: 5 August,all,Lord_Ignika,"I made the mistake of purchasing this game for PC. I waited, and was excited. I took the numerous delays that this port experienced with stride. Upon playing this game for an amount of time that has left me disgusted and embarrased, I can really only say one thing to summarize: the hacking is terrible, and the game grinding is worse.Every so often, I return to this game asking myself ""Why did I stop playing again?"" The answer comes in less than 10 minutes of playing in a public lobby, when a hacker will do any of the following: teleport me over the ocean, blow me up, blow my vehicle up but make it seem as though I blew it up (so you have to pay a premium to get it back), kill me from across the map, teleport me the the ceiling for a free fall with no parachute, take money from my in game account, spam blow me up in a constant cycle of death, sticking a firepit onto my character so that he will burn to death constantly (the firepit never goes away unless you restart the game itself), or simply crash my game entirely.Oh wait, my GOSH, they did address the hacking. No more OpenIV Liberty City for GTA V. Those dastardly spawns of Satan within OpenIV are surely more of a threat than actual in-game hackers that have ruined countless gaming experiences, right? Wait a minute here....something seems a little fishy...Perhaps Rockstar, or TakeTwo for that matter, likes in-game hackers more than OpenIV for one simple reason: OpenIV stands to cut into possible revenue for TakeTwo (why play Online where there is money to be made by Rockstar when I can play in a Liberty City mod for freeeee); while hackers take players' money, which opens up the potential for more time spent in-game to earn the money back, or the possible purchase of a Shark Card. Seems simple enough for me.On to the other bone I have to pick (oh Rockstar, why have you left so many for me to chew on?): in-game prices. ""Free DLC"" is a blantant lie. It's free if you have no life in order to play the game constantly for the medicore payouts that you get for completing ""high paying, high risk work"" that is required to pay for all of this ""free content"". However, if you have other priorities in life that exceed making bank as a major criminal in this world of photons and hacking, then your best bet of experiencing any kind of new content is to look up the myriad of videos that are posted by the deplorable YouTubers of the GTA community (you know the ones), and you will surely have your fill of this content. Or you can ask one of the numerous hackers in this game to simply spawn you some of the new content. Have I mentioned that there are hackers galore in this game, by the way?Honestly though, just look at the prices for Shark Cards, and then look at the prices for in game content. Your question as to why a flying bike that shoots homing missile was added, has been dutifully answered.This game has left me beyond disappointed in the end, and quite the sour taste in my mouth. My disgusting amount of hours in-game speak for themselves: I enjoyed it at one point, but the constant grinding for a game with little reward, hardly any payout for in-game work, the exorbitant prices for any new content, and the experience ruining hacking has left me with little desire to ever play the game again. And, I surely don't plan on it. You, oh reader of my woe, might be able to still save yourself."
,Not Recommended,271590,33764786,Posted: 24 July,all,killa beez,"Singleplayer is pretty fun. Especially that we can use mods now. Except for the Liberty City mod that put GTA 4 and 5 together. Of course, Rockstar would probably lose money, so that was the only bad news about mods being back. No matter how much weeks/months/years it took to make it.We also may never get DLC for singleplayer. If they do release it, not everyone will be playing online, and they won't buy shark cards. But we get this terrible Gunrunning ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t instead.So about GTA: Online...All they want is your money.--It's very hard to get money. You'll spend hours just working for a few bucks.--Modders in every lobby.--Lots of items are TOTALLY overpriced.--People getting banned all the time, when it wasn't their fault.--People killing you all then time. And to make it even more fun, if you're doing a mission that you dedicated some time to, people can steal or destroy what you're doing to get cash and RP.--Loading screens take forever. For me, joining online could take 5-8 minutes.--List goes on.Rockstar won't change. Many fans are gone. And also, how is this game still $59.99????"
,Not Recommended,271590,34573817,Posted: 29 August,all,Sasha,Removing money from people who dont cheat just because they are greedy and want you to buy shark cards.
,Not Recommended,271590,32435561,Posted: 15 June,all,DarkFrost,"You ban our mods, we ban your income."
,Not Recommended,271590,29400125,Posted: 21 January,all,Spails,"I used to love this game so much. I've played more than 200 hours across PC, PS4, and PS3. My review for this game used to be so positive as I loved how much there was to do. However, I now have to make my review negative for the following reasons.I've had my current character for over two years. In those two years I reached level 100 and I have so much stuff like multiple properties, a yacht, a business, a biker gang, etc. Not once have I modded GTA Online, but that didn't stop them from banning me.I recently logged on to find out that my account was suspended until next month, and that when my account became available again, I would have to start over. My first thought was that this is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I didn't hack, I worked my way for a long time to get my character to where it was now and I lose it all because Rockstar can't tell the difference between a modder and a regular user.My second thought is that ""this is why people hack"". Rockstar makes everything in GTA Online super expensive. It's over $1mil for a damn tug boat, a really ugly tug boat. I can buy a nice super car for a quarter of that price, any car would be better that a slow♥♥♥♥♥tug boat. Everything is so expensive that you either have to grind forever (there are good methods of making money but they require you to spend a lot of money first), buy shark cards, or get a modder to give you money.Honestly, this game has gone to absolute crap for me."
76561198028570083,Not Recommended,271590,29441484,Posted: 23 January,all,Destiny,Banned in the middle of a game for no reason whatsoever!Well it was fun while it lasted!Only play if you don't care about losing your progress at anytime!R* YOUR AUTOBAN SYSTEM SUCKS! Reduculous!
,Not Recommended,271590,32051971,Posted: 29 May,all,Rondo,Hackers ruined online and Rockstar let them
,Not Recommended,271590,29351068,Posted: 18 January,all,guerin277,"STOP BUYING SHARK CARDS!! Rockstar has made over 3 billion dollars off GTA 5 and at least half a billion is from shark cards.  With all that money they are still unwilling to put any real effort towards solving the hacking problem. They can't find any safe guards against it and won't hire moderators for the sessions. You can only report individual hackers and not a hacked session. Most of the time you won't know who is hacking the session. And be warned, this GTA online hacking problem is not over exaggerated.  It is unbelievably rampant. It's literally in nearly all sessions. Wanna do the new CEO or biker missions, prepare to have a modder take control of your vehicle and kill you, making the hours of work you did be for nothing. You really need to prepare yourself for the reality that you will do hours of work and have it completely ruined by modders. This will guarantee-ably happen to you if you play GTA online. It's actually gotten so bad that hacker paranoia has set in everywhere. People are calling each other hackers everywhere you go in the game. Rockstar does not deserve anymore money until they make some progress with this huge problem."
,Not Recommended,271590,30326608,Posted: 4 March,all,ØmegaÆgeus!̢̥ͪͪͫͤ̔̈́,"After 1380 hours ingame, mostly online, never cheated, always hated and reported the cheaters in GTA I got banned for 1 month with absolutely no reason. I didnt even unknowingly got money by standing afk and getting money dropped on me. I mostly played in private sessions or ""low populated"" lobbies because of all the annoying 10 year old internet warriors.I grinded so much, soooo much and enjoyed almost every aspect of the game, gameplay mechanics especially. Meaning, I was a loyal ""customer"" to this game, to Rockstar, and as respons in my ticket asking why I got banned I didnt even get a correct answer, ""youre banned"" and it's final. They ban people for no reason!!!!!!!!!!!Last big hammer wave was a few months ago, and coincidentally short after that, the game was on sale. Shady eh.Sadly, even though GTA is a great serie and the ideas they had for GTAV were really nice, I cannot recommend this game anymore. Come on, they ban ppl for no reason and RESET EVERYTHING you have earned, that's enough said."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443391,Posted: 15 June,all,Whitbee,Actively shutting down 100% legal singleplayer modding tools after refusing to develop pretty much anything for singleplayer post-launch should not be encouraged.
,Not Recommended,271590,29737298,Posted: 6 February,all,krust,"We had fun in GTA Online before my friend got banned out of nowhere.Yeah, the public playerbase was pretty bad, and the business model was scummy, but truth be told, my overall experience was great.Playing mostly on private servers, my group of friends and I built characters from nothing together. As we made money, playing stupidly-fun minigames and going on deathmatch rampages, we created our characters’ lore. Buying new outfits, houses, and cars, we created the personalities and relationships between our characters. From the first convenience store robberies we committed to the “hard mode” heists we tried over and over to beat, everything we did spawned stories of our virtual lives.After 140+ hours of glorious, stupid fun, we took about a month’s hiatus. We played a few other group-based games, such as ESO and Don’t Starve Together, but we ended up feeling inclined to reunite our virtual characters in GTA Online. After this time away, we were ready to have some more fun, reuniting in a game that brought us all closer together as a group.That was until one of us logged on, saw that they had been suspended for 30 days, and read that their character had been completely reset.Why was our friend banned? Who knows. Based on what I’ve read (and we’ve been studying into it for hours in hopes of getting our friend's character back), there’s no hope. Rockstar’s employed some sort of algorithm that ends up banning both guilty hackers and innocent players alike out of nowhere, with no distinction. I’m not going to lie, when we went onto public servers we frequently met hackers. The issue is that my friend wasn’t one of them.“You have violated the EULA,” the suspension email states, “this decision is final.”Rockstar, you know how to make a really good game - Red Dead Redemption and both Grand Theft Auto 4 & 5 were excellent in single-player - but I can’t support this blatant lack of care for supporting your online players. 60 dollars and 140+ hours just went down the drain, because your robot randomly banned our friend, you won’t say why, and none of your “support” staff (if they even exist) care to respond to any players in the same situation.I won’t support this bafflingly unprofessional treatment of GTA Online’s playerbase.=====Basically, single player is great. Online can be as well, but good luck not getting suspended or banned out of nowhere, for no reason. You won’t know why you were banned. You won’t get support. You’ll lose time and money. And Rockstar won’t even care."
,Not Recommended,271590,22946797,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Overlord,"So I don’t really write reviews, I’m too lazy or just don’t have the time in my life.But for this game I’m willing to bother, mainly because of theATROCITIESthat this game possesses. Single player is great sure, but online is such a bigger part of this game now, most people play it just for that mode. But I’m sure you’ve seen other reviews saying: “modders have ruined it!” and “online is no fun cos of hackors!”.Well that’s because it’s true. All of it.Allow me to put this as realistically as possible.I have amassed a total of 420 hours on GTAV. Didn’t play the campaign, I had already done that when it first arrived on console. No, these hours are mainly online play. I’ve grinded mission after mission to earn the cash. I’ve spent hours buying, customizing and completing challenges. I now have a profile that has all the levelled unlocks, cars and guns you could ever want, making it a very hard earned profile.HOWEVER, I have now lost most (if not all) of my desire to switch this game on, and I’m sure you have a pretty good idea of why that is. Nether the less, I shall give you an example of a typical session of online play if you were to enter the game today (which let’s face it, is the main reason why we play it).Enter my first match. > begin attempt to have fun. > Player arrives on a bike and kills me to death. > very well, I shall retaliate by firing a rocket at his bike. > Rocket hits.  > But wait, the player didn’t die. > Then quickly learn from further attempts and other players that he is using God-mode > I then attempt to use the player menu to ‘vote to kick’ him, as others were attempting to do the same thing  > Turns out he has used a mod that removes his name from the player list, making it impossible to kick him out of the match. > I then call him out for using Mods (with restraint to call him many, many things) > At this point he proceeds to delete my car and spawn 100,000 things on my head, making my game crash to desktop (and probably anyone else who was near-by in game).Now after lots and lots of match surfing, I can quite confidently state the following with applied calculation and experience:If you buy this game for the online side of play, roughly 1 in 3 of your free-roam sessions will be rife with situations similar to this ^.So to give you an evaluation:If you are a normal player –Prepare to have unfair play, have your things deleted, and get crashed to desktop by modder’s whenever you challenge their actions, because Rockstar will never regulate and control this issue.If you are wanting to be a modder –You can enjoy being invincible, gank on players then delete everyone’s things, and if they call you out you can just crash everyone, because you are a big man and Rockstar will never regulate or control this issue. Then they’ll write negative reviews, losing the game its popularity to a point where it just becomes garbage. Then you’ll have it all to yourself, and your mission to alienate everyone from online play will be complete.To quote another game (that I would recommend more tbh):“Well done Stanley, everyone thinks you’re very powerful.”P.S - The second biggest issue is the micro-transactions, and rockstar's ever vigilant attempt to take in-game money from you in order to force you into buying shark cards with real money. but that needs a whole review in itself to detail that issue (which i really dont have the time in my life for).My only hope is that enough people will see this review and get it to the bench, so that maybe some people will decide not to ruin this game with bad modder/hacker behaviour.06/16 Edit:Rockstar did a ban wave and disabled the ability to use console (apparently), soo... yay?Wonder if my moaning review had some sort of effect, anyway im going to leave this here just as a principle.02/17 Edit:Well here we are again. Rockstar have dropped the ball and now modder/hackers/whatever you wanna call them, have returned. Its worse than ever now. Back to the drawing board...."
,Not Recommended,271590,27820908,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pattern,"So at first R* fails to protect the game from hacking, then they fail to ban cheaters, then they ban innocent players, then they fail to resolve any false bans while not giving any meaningful explanation.At first I was sceptic about false ban issue but then I got banned too and I have no idea why (supposedly for using Discord?!). Rockstar support refused to remove a ban or to give a reason for a ban. Just a bot reply ""All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed"". This is the worst support I've ever encountered."
,Not Recommended,271590,34514742,Posted: 26 August,all,Ｔｅｎｓｅｎｕｍａ,"Rockstar robbed me of 650k and won't even tell me how I obtained ""illegitimate"" money.Because even I don't know.All I've been doing ever since I bought the CEO building maybe a couple of months ago has been warehouse missions. Mainly Import / Export after I unlocked it.Of course I get put into solo public lobbies because my connection is too poor (can't connect to other players nothing to do with router / firewall settings)Rockstar is just greedy and wants to stir the pot with legit players meanwhile modded players run around with billions still. As well as modded ranks.Thanks Rockstar, you're trash."
,Not Recommended,271590,30535824,Posted: 15 March,all,Skramp /A/,Cheater 8000 level and with billions in your pocket? - do not get  bannedHonest player of 50-150 level and a couple of millions in the feed? - Ban forever and remove the characterSingle 10/10game 10/10Online 2/10Community and anti-cheat -1000/10
,Not Recommended,271590,28617826,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bitsey,"You think Rockstar banning innocent people for no reason is a myth, think twice. Completely leveled character with more than 1400 hours of gameplay, just gone. Merry christmas alright."
,Not Recommended,271590,33868427,Posted: 28 July,all,Vladi Markov,"Money making is♥♥♥♥♥♥Everything's expensive.$100 for 8m is extremely expensive and gets you nowhere, online portion is just straight up garbage."
,Not Recommended,271590,33234352,Posted: 4 July,all,Breadley Sandwich,"""I only like money."" -Rockstar""I hate customers."" -Take Two"
,Not Recommended,271590,34767372,Posted: 5 September,all,MrHorseHead,"Steam says I have 352 hours on GTAV/GTAO. Considering I ported my character over from Xbox 360, it should be at least double that.So lets say 700 hours.I have spent aproximately 700 hours playing this video game.Yet I cannot recommend it.Yes I have had some of the best gaming I've ever had with this game. I thoroughly enjoyed the single player campaign, I played online mostly and had a a character legitimately over level 100 and with a nice sum of money set aside. I even supported the game further with the very occasional shark card. I was there for the DNS glitch that caused 9 billion dollar bounties to occur, and I was there when they cut literally everyone's funds to 500,000 as a ""fix""But one day I was playing and some guy joins the server, forcibly teleports myself and a handful of others to him, freezes us, and makes bags of money rain from the sky.Don't get me wrong, I'm not stupid, I know people hack and people give out money. I've seen countless people ask for them and praise them etc. I've generally ignored them, but this guy didn't give me much of a choice.Regardless once I figured out what was happening I left the server. I didn't want the money in my bank so I blew it customizing street cars and blowing them up.A couple hours later I was temporarily banned and my character was reset. I lost all of my cars, including old ones with rare paint jobs that could only be obtained by an exploit that had been patched, not to mention the majority of that 700 hours I'd put into having a character I liked.Rockstar punished me for something that was thrust upon me. My ingame wallet was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and they decided to blame the victim.There was no way for me to voice my displeasure to Rockstar. No appeals process for them to hear my case, check the evidence, and see my innocence.That was several months ago. I uninstalled the game and let it go.I'm only writing this now so that others can see what they're getting into.Yes, as I've said, this game is incredibly fun and contains hours upon hours of content. From an objective standpoint, its very good value for money and the free, regular, DLC is a nice touch.What ruins all of that is the way Rockstar treats its customers. There's no consistency, and no compassion. I know people in real life that have been taking free money for ages and they've never had any trouble. Yet it happens to me once, without my consent, and I get temp banned and lose literally everything.What motivation is there to play legitimately then? If people who do can lose everything in an instant with no way to appeal the decision, and those who don't can get away with it indefinitely.Hell you actually get a bonus for playing illegitimately because those people can just make new accounts and hack their way back to wealth and experience.Rockstar, if you actually end up reading this, please start treating your customers with some compassion. Don't assume we're all hackers."
76561198272259928,Not Recommended,271590,29220596,Posted: 13 January,all,MPMTea,R星的游戏维护人员，你们就是一坨屎。那么多外挂，刷子。你们封不了，我这各种被套模型被动刷钱你TM封我，沃日你仙人。你要钱我TM给你，我可不浪费我的时间和脑细胞了、我还得庆幸没玩到淋漓尽致呢，要不到时候被封还得感慨一下，好好一个正版游戏，你是真不尊重玩家啊，你那里的工作人员是不是夜生活没过好就上来封几个人玩啊，还tm就封中国ip封的最多。你是不想好了啊，你知不知道中国ip都是你爸爸，祝你早点被恶意并购啊 ，我当没有你这个不孝顺的儿子。滚吧，乖
,Not Recommended,271590,34402787,Posted: 21 August,all,kklubbing,gta online is like a part time job you get paid fake virtual money for
,Not Recommended,271590,29574524,Posted: 29 January,all,✪ Magic,Rockstar support suck.
,Not Recommended,271590,29600802,Posted: 31 January,all,Vega,"lmao got back into this after some time, Someone money dropped on me (I didn't ask for this, I had enough already right around 6 Mil) and I got banned 24 hours later no questions asked. Great game if you want to get banned within your first week of playing online. +10000000Edit: 6/20/2017Made a new clean account for playinng around with (No mods, No cheating. I even avoided lobbies with people complaining about ""modders) I earn some money. I grinded missions with friends for a week. Got a house in the hills and had some spending cash, 2 Days later I log only to see all my cash had been emptied and only reports of people complaining about how this has happened to them too. Singleplayer fun is dead, Multiplayer is a cash grab and they've lost their way. GTA V 2013-2017Edit: 6/25/2017It's been about 5 days since I stopped playing, It's really been a mess on that game with all the cheaters and modding mess. When I first started the account I had made I was money dropped on around level 7 got around 500k while I was afk in my friends office. I guess rockstar thinks I did this for myself as I login today to find a month suspension with little to no reason even after not playing the game for awhile. Online is dead, It's not even worth your time at this point. I'm sorry to have seen it come to this. *Yes even if you're falsely banned and or your bank account cleared it's a final decision by Rockstar themselves*"
,Not Recommended,271590,26115479,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Defend100,"I love this game to death but there is one thing I can't ignore.The anti-cheat system.So if you still want to get this game I'll leave a few tips for you to avoid getting banned.-See a cheater, get out of the lobby-Don't use mods even for single player-Don't use third party overlaysIf I find anymore ways I'll update, anyways I hope this helps anyone looking into the game.Edit: These are just precuactions even doing these you might not avoid the bans."
,Not Recommended,271590,33563089,Posted: 15 July,all,UsF,"If you want to buy it for the singleplayer only, go ahead. It is great, diverse and has a lot to offer.If you are looking for a good multiplayer experience, skip this. They have locked down the MP a lot to allow for the sale of their microtransaction cards. It is a grindy mess, goes against the theme of the game. You don't steal cars, you have to buy them to own them, the expensive one everyone would want. You get punished for killing and destroying players and their vehicle in MP. Price inflation because of the microtransaction is a constant issue and the game without paying is grindy as all get out.There is no online mode that allows you to mess with the the game. You can't for example have fun going on a rampage, because the game actively punishes you, both for setting you to be aggressive and also monetarily. Everything costs money. Weapons are locked behind a ranking system plus a cost, so when you are new and try to get into online, you will probably get killed by people that already have those unlocked with no recourse. Armored vehicles that cannot be destroyed without explosives will be the bane of your existance.And of course they tried to kill off the modding community. So no, do not support them, if you are interested in multiplayer.You can buy it for mp, if you have a lot of time and are completely bored out of your mind, because it will take you forever to get things done."
76561198067633539,Not Recommended,271590,33824359,Posted: 26 July,all,SirVogels,The game is a money sucking vacuum
76561198086944710,Not Recommended,271590,33140232,Posted: 2 July,all,Garavelo_lan_house_PC-2,"Every multiplayer item is ridiculously overpriced, the only way to buy stuff is through hacks since NOBODY is willing to do the boring missions with low rewards."
,Not Recommended,271590,34066547,Posted: 6 August,all,mawrk,"Still waiting for some kind of DLC for SP lmao, prices in GTAO are ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,271590,34010434,Posted: 4 August,all,「¢α∂єℓι¢ισυѕ」,"Single PlayerThe Single Player is beyond one of the most enjoyable campaigns I have ever played. The story is good and the characters are diverse. It's also a lot of fun to use Native Trainer/Open IV/ etc. to mod and break the game sometimes. I've had loads of fun playing the fun and story driven missions. The first person view isn't the best camera angle you want to use but it's very considerate for Rockstar to add a feature like that into the game. The playtime is astronomically long and the only bad thing I can say about he single player is that the controls on Keyboard/Mouse are really hard to use while in combat or just freeroaming. So I definitely recommend you use a controller.MultiplayerSwitching my Characters from PS4 to PC was painless. I was lucky to be able to transfer my account without any errors. But Online is just as bad as it was on console. Most of the missions I played were very unsatisfying and gave low rewards. Everything is just so damn expensive! I'm very disappointed in Rockstar for implementing this terrible economy and having you to buy Shark cards to get the things you want. The shark cards are a rip off, $20 in real life money for 1 million dollars in game money is a terrible deal. The apartments don't give that much purpose either (Except for storing cars which you can buy a stand alone garage for much less). The heists are very frustrating. If you're doing it with trusted friends then it won't be so bad (Besides the super long mission). But if you're playing solo it might be a rough time for you. If one player screws up a part of the plan the whole mission restarts. I just wish Rockstar would make the missions a lot more pleasant and fulfilling. The Online portion of the game is not that great and very stressful. I wish Rockstar would listen to the community and take into consideration of the Communities Reviews and Complaints."
76561198099463885,Not Recommended,271590,29530117,Posted: 27 January,all,AIC1Drew,"After just under a month of gameplay and about 2 weeks worth of online play, my account has been randomly suspended for 30 days and online character reset to level 1 with no apparent reason.  There is no appealing this ban.   ....This is absolutely appalling especially for a major dev company.  I'm seriously speechless right now.  If you are buying this game then wait till it's at least 50% off and ONLY do it for the GTA 5 story portion....NOT the online game.  You can see the endless streams of negative posts all regarding the same thing happening to others.  The only light at the end of this tunnel is I'm glad it happened sooner rather than later and didn't pump years of my life into the game only to have my character reset with the flip of a switch.Again....wait for the 50% plus discount and play it for the story....not the online.FU Rockstar!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,30342957,Posted: 5 March,all,Pontus,Rockstar has the world's worst customer support.
,Not Recommended,271590,29205313,Posted: 12 January,all,kogt,After 1674 hour of online gaming GTA Online Decided to Suspend me for 30Days and Reset 335lvl and 120.000.000 worth of cars houses and weapons.... all goneYes I was A Big♥♥♥♥♥♥online at times and it was fun.... but never cheated onceGreat update on that policyDont buy game or Sharkcards
,Not Recommended,271590,24010141,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zanon Do'Arr-Jo,"400+ hours online.Reported modders/hackers and griefers.December 19th - Reported a modder who repeatedly teleports to and kills players, or teleported people to him, dropped money on them and stuff.December 20th - Tried to log in and noticed: ""Banned until 30/12/2015"". Reasons unspecified except for an email with a rather ""broad"" explanation, stating I ""cheated"".By the end of January, same♥♥♥♥♥♥ Got banned because... reasons?And by Mid-June, got permanently banned because... reasons too? Apparently they didn't remove the hacker money I got, even though I reported it to them. So after selling a car I had bought in like December or so, they banned me on grounds of earning money ""unfairly"" - selling something I had for 6 months or more.GG Rockstar. 10/10 - Keep on being that nice to your customers and gamers."
,Not Recommended,271590,25302060,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,CustomSkeng420,"Beautiful and awesome game, especially when playing with friends, but has non-existant customer support.Hackers are everywhere and rockstar's system only seems to ban legit players, furthermore, they will not accept responsibility for this and will not unban you regardless if you have 100's of hours in game and/or have poured money into the P2W system.It has one fo the most toxic communities out there, you can't drive anywhere without being obliterated by some dude who's hacked in a tank. The new update only encourages this by telling everyone in the session to kill anyone doing missions for minimal payout.8/8 was a CEO and lost money to random hackers/greifers online, then got banned because having your internet drop out whilst customising a car is an attempted 'money glitch.'All of rockstar's efforts and funds have been put into making money and trying to protect it with anti hacker systems so strict they ban regular players and not a decent support system or more interesting content.EDITRockstar's 1 month ban is now over, I contacted them multiple times through their ticket system and by phone to no avail so I waited it out. They also decided to remove the 2 mil I grinded for hours to get."
76561197979814520,Not Recommended,271590,30671470,Posted: 22 March,all,BOSS,"***BUYER BE WARNED***Offline: 9/10Online: 2/10Online is an absolute joke. The servers are full of hackers and cheaters that somehow get away with it for months on end. Yet, I see honest players being banned because your servers are glitching them out! Or better yet, actions caused by other players / hackers are pushing out good, loyal players. It's sad that you're destroying your own customer base. Hopefully you read the reviews, and value our input, but thusfar we have seen nothing implemented to protect the honest players of this community. I would say it has been too little, too late, and you have already lost a vast majority of your population. The only version of this game that is actually enjoyable/playable is the campaign."
,Not Recommended,271590,34065221,Posted: 6 August,all,Mittens the Rancor,"Rockstar should not present a game to you that is so aggressively in favor of either grinding or microtransactions while doing absolutely nothing at all to stop the people who can freely mod the game to allow them to destroy the only method of getting the high-level multiplayer items without paying for them.That's the second time in a row that I've tried to sell vehicle cargo to get money to even dip into Gunrunning that I've been stopped by a player I could've easily taken down, except for the fact that they were invinicible. Rockstar is attempting to sell you a multiplayer experience that forces you to  spend money on mictrotransactions, not only with the only items that are worth anything being near prohibited by tremendous amounts of grinding time, but by a hacking player base that will destroy every attempt at that grinding that they are seemingly willfully ignoring.If you want this for the singleplayer, buy it. Though, with the way Rockstar (and yes, Take Two is more involved, but once again, Rockstar doesn't care to defend its playerbase from threats to their enjoyment) handles the modding scene, I don't know if that's a particularly good idea either. So I'll amend that statement, too.Don't buy this. Show Rockstar they need to actually pay attention to the playerbase they so enjoy ignoring by ignoring them the same way they do."
76561198006675918,Not Recommended,271590,30717905,Posted: 24 March,all,Guyincognito,"Banned twice from modders griefing players. They could warp into your apartment and spam cash on top of you.  Even after submiting tickets right after it happened WITH video proof attached to the ticket proving there was nothing I could do,  my ticket was closed with out explanation and I was banned.  I also wasn not allowed to submit another ticket even WITH PROOF that I was griefed by the hackers.They completely failed to protect the PC player based and banned thousands of legitimate players with no real way to appeal.  Even if you did get through, they don't care about proof or facts.  Worst customer service and support EVER.  Never give rockstar another dime, beacuse they will just ban right you after you do."
76561198004828054,Not Recommended,271590,33487058,Posted: 12 July,all,l3aronsansgland,It is getting way too unplayable/expensive/limited to play without any extra purchases. You wouldn't expect it from a game you paid. They started really well with the campaign and now they are digging their own grave.
,Not Recommended,271590,31940295,Posted: 24 May,all,♡Precious Enigma♡,"Only worth buying for the story and if you have friends to play with. Public servers are impossible to enjoy due to cheaters/hackers everywhere. Also, almost everyone you meet online is just looking for a fight and/or a way to annoy you to no end.It's also excessively grindy. You don't unlock all weapons, clothing and cosmetics until lvl 100 and you're very limited when you first start. Money is painful to obtain too, so if you don't have time, you may want to just buy shark cards so you can start with millions and actually have a little fun.Game: 9/10Community: 2/10"
76561198010454100,Not Recommended,271590,16099202,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,God,"Well, hackers got to the point where they use my name to kill all others on the server. So people think its me who is hacking. Besides that, the hacker succeeded in putting me in a death-loop, where i endlessly die. On top of that, he succesfully crashed my game, probably with an invalid texture input.Eventhough i have lots of fun playing , this is an issue that needs to be solved."
,Not Recommended,271590,16067679,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,GXGaming,"Long story short. For people who love GTA and want to play singleplayer only, this is for you.If you want to play online, you will probably get killed by hackers. And guess what? Rockstar does nothing about it. There is no simple way to report players, so your only options are to hope to find a good session without any hackers. Game itself 10/10, GTA Online 3/10 hackers everywhere...--EDIT--This is it...Decided to improve my flying skills, all of the sudden my character jumps off the plane (I didn't press anything), freezes and that's it. Can't move at all (Some sort of hack). Joined another session. After few minutes I noticed two people with godmode on, so I went passive mode. But guess what? They started shooting cars at me and I died about 10 times. I advice you not to buy this game at all."
76561198130895127,Not Recommended,271590,26218456,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Willmeister68,"Would I recommend Grand Theft Auto V: Yes - well made game.Would I recommend Grand Theft Auto Online: No - here's why:I logged on earlier today only to find I have been permanently banned (ironically I was looking at the recent reviews moments beforehand and wondering what they were talking about). Now I myself have fallen victim to a ridiculous fault in the game itself.Did I break the rules? NoWas I given a reason/date/any information? NoCould I appeal? NoWhen I tried to appeal, not once but twice, I received an automated response (under new regulations) that I could not appeal from a ban.Advice: If you planning on buying this game for singeplayer, go ahead. If you were planning to delve into GTA online...don't. If you do, all I can advise is: to play in friendly lobbies, don't record your gameplay, make sure your internet is 100% stable, never play missions with random people or do anything publically.As you can see this is very limiting, but any one of these reasons could have gotten me banned. Rockstar has the worst anti-cheat system I have ever seen and I did not expect to buy the game and be unable to play it after spending around 500 hours on it (which makes it all the more bitter). It is honestly such a shame that they had to ruin a fun game, fortunately there are other games that will not disappoint you as much as this one."
76561197984446047,Not Recommended,271590,16106778,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,tri_nitric,"Hackers, thats all i have to say. Nothing is being done to stop the hackers. They run around in the online play and kill everything."
,Not Recommended,271590,28353115,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,kat-G-,"very good and fun game until you get falsely banned for cheating, get your character permanently reset and CAN'T APPEAL THE BANWHAT KIND OF LOGIC IS THAT? YOU CAN'T APPEAL BANS?the anti-cheats not even good... countless cheaters online. every update halts them for... a few days max?sigh.--edit for clarification:- The game is grindy, but in my opinion fun. Solo play is rough, though.- The community is overall pretty bad.- This entire review is only based off of online. I played maybe 2 hours of Singleplayer. I know it is a good game, but not my cup of tea.---edit 2: my ban has expired and a few friends helped me earn a few million with heists, still stand by the negative review and will only play with friends =)"
,Not Recommended,271590,29100232,Posted: 7 January,all,euno,worst ♥♥♥♥ing customer support
,Not Recommended,271590,15943515,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,"Star <""In The End"">","Loading, loading, loading, loading....GTA Online? session with 4 players in a big city, cool.Loading, loading.Wanna do something ? u wont do anything in the city, only in missions and the matchmaking is terrible.Loading, loading, loading, loading, loading, loading.3min in windows? disconnected... loading, loading, loading, loading, loading, loading, loading again.Console loads, ♥♥♥♥♥ please, what have u been doing in the past year of delays?Not actually fun, free mode sucks, u dont do a lot in the city and the city has really short amount of players.Rather play MTA with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, thats an online game u can do everything in the city, its totally real life, no loadsOh also, love the desync never saw so much of it, its beautiful.Thanks to my friend, I could test this game. Definitely isnt worth 60€, lmao."
,Not Recommended,271590,16309890,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,hveim,"Garbage always-online ""periodic entitlement verification"" DRM treating actual paying customers like thieves.  Cheaters rampant online.  Lobbies constantly implode.  They're also pulling some shady stuff during the summer sale to avoid actually lowering the price.Update for Steam Awards: Has somehow managed to become even worse."
,Not Recommended,271590,26185426,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,zerowise,"I wish I could recommend this game. If you haven't played the story yet, it's good. I would pay $30 for the story. It isn't as good as 4, as the characters aren't as interesting, but the world presented is significantly more alive and fun to explore.However I assume most have played the story by now, and if you haven't Iassumeyou're not interested. And it'sGrand Theft Auto: Onlinethat I do not recommend.Beyond the 55 or so hours we got out of the singleplayer my playtime has, for the most part, been in secluded servers with my wife and friends, as we cannot stand the public in the this game - and if you have a group like that, 5-10 people to roam the map with without having to worry about the insecure manchildren that plague this game - it can beincrediblyfun. However, that is not enough to recommend it. At this point I play because I already own it; I would not purchase this again. It only gets used because my wife plays with a friend.That is because this game has the worst community of toxic players you will ever encounter. It isn't really moderated anymore, so you can expect people to act as they please with next to no apparent overwatch. And the anticheat? Its an absolute joke. I have friends who have received bans for ""hacks"" that I know they didn't use (I have known and been gaming together with several of them for 20+ years, they're above reproach) and yet the real hackers aren't banned or in most cases even kicked from the lobby. Use an overlay though, and you'll get banned so fast your head will spin - yes, that is right, Rockstar won't reverse a ban if a software overlay like a chat client pulls a false positive for hooking into the game. I can't tell you if it's true but there are more claims than I personally dismiss.After that ban call R*, I hear they even acknowledge false bans now without doing anything about it. What a great company. That is sarcasm... For those who may not know, R* customer support is legendary for how terrible it is. And they don't need to change their act. They are rolling in money.And the worst thing of all? I suspect R* is directly lying to customers saying they aren't releasing Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC in the hopes that you'll run out and buy it on console and then later when they release it on PC you'll buy it again. Just like they double- and triple-dipped with the staggered releases of GTA5. R* has gotten too greedy; like any developer who gets this large you should generally avoid their products until they return to a more customer-oriented model for business. People need to remember that companies will only do what customers let them. Your purchasing power counts."
,Not Recommended,271590,16311124,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Utage,"The game itself is good, but Rockstar is using a pretty shoddy business practice. They're forcing you to buy the game AND Shark Cards, which are just in-game multiplayer money, while the game is on ""sale"".This shouldn't be acceptable. It's basically an excuse for them to charge full price for their game while claiming it's on sale.UPDATE: Look at how old this review is people, this was for theSummer Sale, during which it wasimpossibleto buy the base game without purchasing the shark card bundle. So you could not get the base game on sale, you had to purchase it along with a shark card which made the game full price.This also made it so you couldn't refund the game, due to the Shark Card being considered DLC."
,Not Recommended,271590,16310829,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BlankPersona,"Used underhanded marketing to sell you things you didn't want to make it look like a sale. Should have never went on sale, or pretended to. I don't think the game costs 80$.EDIT: Let me clear up some information that people seem to be misinformed about. This was posted when R* was doing their shady steam sale promotion. At the beginning you couldn't buy GTA V alone, at it's regular price of $59.99. You could buy it at the same price but with it's in game money card. Which was the only way to buy it, unless you wanted GTA San Andreas or Max Payne. So if someone posts in the comments about me being wrong about it being $80 then they should go do some Googling about what happened. If they hadn't put it on sale GTA V could only be bought at $84.99, so it was a fake sale."
,Not Recommended,271590,16138928,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ObsceneNameHere,"Come for the story mode, leave for the online filled with hackers.Edit: It seems as though R* Has finally stepped up their detection for the moment and online is nowhere near as bad as the first 4-5 months. So If you are just now getting into online, be glad you didn't live through the hell that was online mode.Edit2: I deiced to give GTA5 Online another shot after a 5 month break, First game I joined I, along with everyone else, was blown up by one player at the same time. My review stands as negative. Rockstar clearly does not care for it's community but instead; their wallets."
,Not Recommended,271590,16310812,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TheNewCreed,"Single Player is great, Online not so much as it uses Peer To Peer and hackers are rampant so you have to play in closed friend sessionsNot Recommending because the Online is a broken piece of ****Will update if the issues are ever fixed"
,Not Recommended,271590,16310801,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,☯ Halcyon ☯,"Once you've beaten the story mode and played online for a bit, there is nothing else to do. Online is grindy, boring, and items are too expensive. Money takes too long to earn and you are doing the same things over and over adding no replay value.Edit: ♥♥♥♥ Take Two"
,Not Recommended,271590,16312631,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Atvcrash,"Great game honestly but bumping the price to 80.00USD before the summer sale just to be able to say ""25% off"" is a scum move."
,Not Recommended,271590,16313975,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,G-Man,On-Topic:Would not recommend due to online gameplay running rampant with hackers.Off-Topic:Ruined the Steam summer sale for life.
76561198003127087,Not Recommended,271590,32459232,Posted: 15 June,all,Nemo,Instead of banning OpenIV how about fixing GTA Online???
,Not Recommended,271590,31199148,Posted: 17 April,all,Foxmatrix,GTA Online doesn't have any anticheat.With GTA Online being a game where you can purchase currency for the game with real money surely they can't legally be selling shark cards right now. Someone can literally spend £50 on a shark card and have all that money drained by a modder in seconds. With this catastrophic exploit in the game surely Rockstar are not legally compliant in still selling shark cards until this is fixed. So I urge them to take shark cards off of steam until this is properly patched.
,Not Recommended,271590,31496996,Posted: 1 May,all,Ivanero,Best loading game simulator.Full of hackers game 2017 Award.
,Not Recommended,271590,28410050,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ALEX,I was happily playing with freinds and then suddenly my account was suspeneded for 30 days. However  have never done any of the 5 things that rockstar has listed on the Terms and Conditions.I had put in 400 hours into the game now rockstar has made me watse my money.This has made very mad as i enjoyed playing GTA Online but now i have to start all over again at level 1 with nothing.This is why I don't recommend this game as rockstar have ruined the expericane of the game for me and many others after wrongily Accussing me and other players all around the world
76561198062862405,Not Recommended,271590,26117743,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Shray K.Phive,The WORST customer service i have ever been in contact with.
76561197963830743,Not Recommended,271590,16310076,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Dries Roelvink,Rockstar jacked up the price of GTAV before summer sales so the sale price is still almost 60 euros.
76561198018881079,Not Recommended,271590,16315959,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TeaCups,"Rockstar just lost a lot of respect from a large part of it's playerbase.(UK Customer) I paid £39.99 on release, current standalone price is £51.98 but a -25% discount makes it £38.98. This kind of business practice is actually against ASA regulations, raising the price of a game and then putting it on sale to make it look like it's actually reduced is not considered a fair marketing strategy in the UK.With regards to the bundle with ""Great White Shark Cash Card"" at the same price of £38.98, it's a move that isn't really on the side of the consumer or in the spirit of past steam sales. It has only been out for 2 months on PC so I don't think anyone was hoping for a big discount but putting it in a bundle and slapping a -25% discount on it really means the consumer isn't saving at all. They're getting some free in-game money which might be nice for some people but I think if most wanted the game + In-game money bundle they'd have prepurchased it when the in-game money was also free.I hope people don't just see the -25% discount and think they're getting a great deal by saving 25%, beacuse they're really not. You're either getting some free in-game money or - even worse - nothing at all with the standalone discount. GTA V is a great game but if you were looking to save on it you won't be in this current steam sale.Rockstar, please treat your customers with more respect."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314039,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,LiFT Not Tommy,great game but ♥♥♥♥ rockstar with the summer sale.
,Not Recommended,271590,33688078,Posted: 20 July,all,✘─│─Biker,"Grand theft auto 5Where to begin...the story of this game is good, had a great time making decisions and playing as Trevor, rumbling the streets as Franklin and getting fancy as MIchael. To make it clear, the story is good, and the gameplay style for singleplayer is good.But the multiplayer on the otherhand, its a mess, a total mess...oh god it sucks.Why? I paid dollars for this game, expensive dollars, and yet i feel like im playing a F2P Grinding game (warframe like grinding), the players have no perception at things, they kill you for no reason, they will F*ck your game up and blow your cars and probaly snipe you too.Oh it doesn't stops there, MODS...yeah...mods, you know, mods for singleplayer is a great thing, modify this, play with this, play as sonic or shrek, get an custom super car inside it, good and awesome.But on the otherhand AGAIN, multiplayer? Its a living hell.I heard reports of people getting banned thanks to these ""modders"" by giving money to them. Some modders screw their sessions by transforming the players into objects, or attaching objects in them. First the abusive players, now these modders?To Worsen it all, Rockstar only keeps releasing content updates, its good they are making good things for the game, but each time MORE expensive, MORE grinding, and LESS fixing their game, and LESS security methods for the multiplayer.To close it all,  Grand theft auto Five is a great game, and its great to be played with your friends, live your life in the game, enjoy the stuff. But it cannot be enjoyed with random players, meeting new players in this game, its like playing russian roullete. You'll live happily, or die in anger."
76561197963348936,Not Recommended,271590,16312870,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,gimp,How about you marketing sharks stick the GREAT WHITE SHARK CASH CARD up YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥ Increasing the price of a product just before a sale starts is not just scummy...no... it's absolutey disgusting and mostly prohibited by law. I hope you choke on your ♥♥♥♥ing money!
,Not Recommended,271590,16315103,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,RealxCheese,"Sucks if you were hoping to get this game on sale, maybe next year"
,Not Recommended,271590,24741714,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,PABLO'S SECRET SOUND,"I've never hacked a game in my life, yet here i am with a permanent ban for being teleported round the map by a hacker along with everyone else on my server.I've you're planning on buying the game purely for online, id like to warn you that the customer support is all but non existant. I paid good money and remained loyal to a game and this is how i get rewarded."
,Not Recommended,271590,16313746,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,lee,"Price up just before summer sale? Wow, this is whole new level in greediness. **** you too Rockstar.Yaz indirimi öncesi fiyat artışı. Bsg Rockstar. Almayın."
,Not Recommended,271590,25979757,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,{RISE}Mittens²™,"This game costs $59.99. The servers are always fluctuating in up/down status. This game costs $59.99. Programs like Discord or any other voice chat will get you banned. This game costs $59.99. Even on a solid state drive it takes over three minutes to load into the online functions. This game costs $59.99. Rockstar Support is almost completely automated, and the only time you get a human representative they read off of a script. This game costs $59.99. The game has been out for three years and still has a massive memory leak. This game costs $59.99. Everything is locked behind a paywall in the same fashion as mobile games. This game costs $59.99. This game has extreme netcode issues and rubberbanding, leaving players online to have experiences only comparable to high latency DAYZ servers. This game costs $59.99.But wait, this game doesn't cost $59.99. This year alone Rockstar made over $700,000,000.00 from microtransactions via Shark Cards, meaning that ALL in-game multiplayer items are purchasable through real money. If you go broke in GTA V Online you will NEVER recover unless you spend real money. At that point you will legitimately never be able to buy in-game items again with the pathetic missions and heists that were No Man's Sky'd at release.To be able to have every item in GTA V Online you have to spend over $500.00.This game costs $500.00.The only ""Theft"" here is on Rockstar's end."
,Not Recommended,271590,16313482,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DLTF | Jokke,"Raising the price just before summer sale, then setting it ""on sale"" for 25% off.I see what you did there... Enjoy all the negative ratings!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,22873963,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Thaddeus,"GTAV online is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥A typical use case looks like this.Start up GTAV on my top end maxed out super desktop.Wait 15 minutes before getting into onlineIt doesn't auto join sessions with friends.Tell it to join session with friends.Wait some more.We try to do a heist.Spend 20 minuites driving to get into the same area.A guy in a flying tank at level 8000 kills us and spawns a giant UFO on us.Get killed a few times against the invincible hacker.Change session.Doesn't automatically add you to session with friends.GTAV Kicks me out to single player.Join session with friends.Spend 20 minutes driving to meet up. Go to so-n-so's house for a heist.Watch ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cinema that we have all seen like 30 times because you have to grind heists daily to make ok Money.Start waiting room for heist.Friend is kicked out to single player.Need 4 players for heist.Kicked out of heist.Go outside to meet up again.Dude in flying car drops $1,000,000 on friend.Ok? WeirdStart heist for real this time.30 minutes in, friend that recieves money is banned.Kicked out of heistSighLets just mess with other players and shoot cops.Meet up again, get kicked into my own session.Join session with friendszooms in on the single player dude fighting with his girlfriend.This sums up my experience. Today, I was finally the guy that had a hacker drop money on them and I earned my first ban.♥♥♥♥ YOU ROCKSTAR. I am uninstalling and deleting this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32782622,Posted: 25 June,all,StrawberryPapa,"Rockstar,As I'm sure you know, a huge ban-wave occured on the morning of June 25th around midnight. I and many other players who claim to have never cheated/modded have been affected, the common link being that we have had money/levels dropped on our accounts in modded lobbies. You said that players who had this issue would not get banned. What happened?You are not allowing for appeals. You are automatically closing our tickets. You are banning us for a month. You are wiping our characters. Many of us have had these characters for four years.We deserve answers.What happened to this, Rockstar?https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/articles/201617423-Update-on-GTA-Online-Cheaters-and-Modded-GTA-Given all of the issues rockstar has had lately, I am surprisingly say ing that I would NOT reccomend this game to anyone, and I cannot explain how saddening that is.So, there you all go. I've never left a review,  but had to in this case. Hopefully answers come soon.https://www.reddit.com/r/gtaonline/comments/6jem56/has_anyone_just_been_banned_for_nothing/https://www.reddit.com/r/gtaonline/comments/6jc9wo/so_see_you_next_month_r_does_ban_if_youve_had/?sort=newhttps://www.reddit.com/r/gtaonline/comments/6jegai/false_ban/"
,Not Recommended,271590,16315009,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Syrakkis,"I would have recommended this game, until rockstar pulled their latest stunt as part of the summer sale. 'Bundling' the game with a card for in-game currency, then marking it up, just so the sale price is the same as the regular game. 'Technically' not illegal. They've officially proven that they care more about raking in money and screwing over their fanbase than drawing in new fans. Deceptive, sleasy marketing at it's scummiest."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314878,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,i love my girl,scummy devs
,Not Recommended,271590,16312851,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Grog Strong Jaw,Fun game but jeuse ♥♥♥♥♥♥ christ changing the game to $80 from $60 right before the sells just so the 25% moves it  back to $60 is some shady♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198004296031,Not Recommended,271590,16210162,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sanitylost,Cant ♥♥♥♥ing log in to social club. Cant register new account and use the key. Social Club is just as nazified as u-play
,Not Recommended,271590,35003154,Posted: 16 September,all,MR.Puncake,"Spent a few days doing jobs and made $3,000,000 and rockstar robbed me"
76561197992206547,Not Recommended,271590,28241242,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,,"Updated review.After so many hours of playing I can tell you with absolute certainty that GTA Online is a big piece of crap filled with pretty pixels. The whole online infrastucture is so frikkin bad that it sucks any possible fun you could have in the game right out of you.  And still up today R* keeps releasing new pixel junk updates on the same piece of crap online p2p infrastructure to milk the consumers even more... with no intention at all to really improve the whole online experience.Online experience:Start the game. Get a 2 minute loading screen. Choose online mode. Get a 2 minute loading screen. You are logged into a session without any other players. Okay fine, lets do a quick race then against some players. Choose quick race. 2 minute loading screen.'No active race could be found'. Only options in the menu you have now is 'host a race' or 'join a random mission'. Choose host a race. .... loading screen. You are dropped in a random race alone. Set 'auto invite' active. wait 10 minutes and still nobody to race with. You escape out of the session and go back to freeroam. 2 minute loading screen. Okay back at freeroam, check for other players. Nope, you are again in a session alone. So lets do the 'random race' again. ... and you get where I am going at. You get the same frikking loading screen crap and again the terrible barely functioning p2p matchmaking bull crap. Imagine doing this for 10 hours, imagine doing this for a 100 or a 1000 hours.  And in the mean time R* tries to get you to buy sharkcards ,because they made all the cars etc intentionally expensive... and then you have to grind for ingame money in this piece of crap online infrastructure. What a joke!Story mode: Really cool, love it! even more a shame that R* abandoned story mode completely and went for online mode cash grab scheme.R*, one of the biggest sell out companies of the last years.And pls note: I play GTAV on a good gaming rig and with a 200MB fibrewire connection."
76561198069975733,Not Recommended,271590,16314922,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MELONZE,"♥♥♥♥ing changed price for sale, really dishonest practice."
,Not Recommended,271590,16316780,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Deltau,"""Let's raise the price just before the 'sale' and include some ingame money and pretend it's on sale while we're still charging full price""Get the game if you want but I can't recommend a company that does this sort of business. If you just want singleplayer go pirate or something, Rockstar doesn't deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314128,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Localhorst,"Rockstar increased the price by 15€ for the summer sale so customers have to pay full price while it looks like it's on sale (-25%).I bought the game on release, but these are just disgusting business practices and should not be rewarded."
,Not Recommended,271590,16317895,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kirillian,"Nice try asshats, Raising price at the last time of the sales! Hopefully you will have fun with Negative Reviews now, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Summer sale is over. But i still won't remove dat♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want people to know.More ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t: Each update, breaks almost every single existing mod, and adds even more confusion in modding community.Also, ♥♥♥♥♥tar, it's not that hard to add a separate .exe for online, to stop the cheaters. Stop being idiots.And here we go again, update. Now Rockstar bans modders that actually helped to sell the game, the ones who did their own multiplayer THAT REQUIRED LEGIT COPY of the game, they banned their accounts, and now they cant play this game, or the other games they owned that are using R* Social club.Goooood job, Rockstar. My reccomendation: Go ♥♥♥♥ing pirate it.And update: Rockstar FULLY Shut down FiveM, great job digging your own grave, R*.Spicy update here:And if that wasnt enough, at 15.06.2017, they took down the modding tool for GTA 5, OpenIV with Cease and Desist. So yeah, they pretty much killed modding for this game. Amazing."
,Recommended,271590,15343730,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Saint Satan,"Finally after numerous delays and waiting forever it has arrived...Rockstar did a really good job on this.  The delays seem to have paid off.  The game runs completely maxed out (ultra settings @ 1920x1080) on my laptop (GTX 780m 4GB SLI) and I get 40-60 FPS.  Oh and the game is really fun too, a huge improvement from GTA IV.  I don't think I need to talk much about the game because everyone on earth knows it's great already.  If you didn't know it's great then I'll tell you right now -it's great.  A must buy if you haven't played it.+ Huge improvement over Grand Theft Auto IV+ Runs smooothly on mid range PCs+ First person mode is amazing+ Entertaining characters and story+ No glitches at all yet= Co-op in the story mode would have been cool- First person mode doesn't work good for most missions9/10PS: Make sure you download the latest drivers for your graphics card(s).  Both Nvidia and AMD released GTA V drivers.  Links are below.Nvidia:http://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx?lang=en-usAMD:http://support.amd.com/en-us/downloadhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/saintsatan"
,Not Recommended,271590,16317912,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Elon's Musk,"Did they seriously raise the price during the sale, to then lower it back to normal price? scumbags 10/10"
76561198027363699,Not Recommended,271590,16317800,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,italianbronco,"Price change before sale, very bad."
76561198327666179,Not Recommended,271590,35068371,Posted: 19 September,all,Inco_Gnito,"After a break of a few weeks I log on only to be confronted by a message informing me that Rockstar stripped me of all the money I obtained legitimately by actually playing the game instead of cheating...Without money this game is unplayable and to even reach a point where you have enough money to actually enjoy playing the game takes forever and feels more like a job than a game. And no, I will not pay for shark cards, because I already paid for the game... WHEN I BOUGHT IT!If this is the way paying customers are treated, I can think of better ways to spend my money-> Uninstalled"
76561198154728800,Not Recommended,271590,32448316,Posted: 15 June,all,Yaeltheman,"No more mods, not worth the money if you cant mod"
,Not Recommended,271590,32438501,Posted: 15 June,all,lowther2,"Man, I finally got a PC version and before I could even get around to try modding I find out it's been banned."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447005,Posted: 15 June,all,Kilikan,"I don't normally leave reviews, but in light of Take Two's legal threat towards OpenIV. I'll just leave this here."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314222,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,UnderEgag,Put the actual game on sale not the cash card.Edit.  Once again am I disappointed by the company with their banning of mods entirely.
76561198047895011,Not Recommended,271590,32423351,Posted: 14 June,all,Bun ☭,"Enjoyable single player with mods that would bring me back. Now that there can be no more mods, and since there isn't any single player expansions gonna have to give it a thunbs down. Hope they don't take mods from KSP as well."
,Not Recommended,271590,16316232,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Plastico,It's a great game but...Rockstar just raised the game's price because of the steam summer sale. Are they ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?
76561198093344025,Not Recommended,271590,32433815,Posted: 15 June,all,Blindman,"The modding scene just died just to include more microntransactions, don't buy this game until thats fixed.Thanks GTA :/"
76561198091204581,Not Recommended,271590,31541624,Posted: 4 May,all,McMuffin Hellcase.com,"Gta v...The game is probably one of the best games I've ever played.So why do I not recommend the game?I got banned for no reason on christmas eve. I lost progress worth 250 hours.Then I waited one month to be able to play the game again. Seven days after the unban I got permanently banned from the game. Both times I sent in support tickets and they did just send the same; ""You have done some of these things and that's why you got banned.""They can't even tell me why I got banned.If you buy the game for the single player campaign this does not apply to you. You can't banned from the single player that easily.If you buy the game for gta online you should consider not to buy this game."
76561198058165418,Not Recommended,271590,32447006,Posted: 15 June,all,Questionable Judgment (Quest),"Take two interactive sent a cease and desist letter to the makers of one of GTAs most important modders. This is part of them trying to increase ""monetization"" of their player base. This pretty much ruined GTA for me"
,Not Recommended,271590,32441770,Posted: 15 June,all,sirbleep,"I cannot recommend any game that attacks and spits on it's community like Take-Two has with this recent assault on mods.  Rockstar had previously given a blanket approval to mod single player content into the game, but Take Two throws that out the window with the cease and desist letter it sent.This is a clear cash grab that comes days after the CEO of Take Two stated that the company is under monitizing the GTA playerbase.  The company doesn't think your $60 purchase of their game is enough, so they want to force you into the horrendously grindy GTA Online so you will give in and buy Shark Cards, because you cannot experience the Online portion of the game without millions of dollars, and with the rate at which they trickle money to you, you are encouraged to part with more of your hard earned money to play the game that you already spent $60 buying."
,Not Recommended,271590,32425987,Posted: 14 June,all,Chef #BaBa,This is not okay! We can not just sit around and let them destroy single player modding. Take Two needs to learn their lesson and fix this!
,Not Recommended,271590,26217529,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jellepepe ツ,"So, Rockstar just updated their ban policy, so if a modder drops cash on you (no way to stop it) in a public session you will get perma banned.So now we can't go into public sessions because we could get permas because of someone giving us money, and we cant go into a private session because then we can't do CEO or Biker missions...♥♥♥♥ing hell..."
76561198029343817,Not Recommended,271590,25738050,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,loner450,"The singleplayer is excellent as well as the multiplayer portion of the game when you are playing with friends doing jobs and heists and having a fun time messing around in the open world of Los Santos. Everything else is a freaking mess. If the grind doesn't get you, then be prepared to meet the community. One side are the legit hackers that ruin the game with their God Mode and one shot everything in their path with merely peashooters. On another side will be griefers that will do anything to give you a bad day in a public lobby. One another side would be the actual community whose toxicity is worse than the kids on either the CoD or BF community that fondles R*'s balls and blindly believes that all legit players that were falsely banned are hackers. There is no way to reason with them even though there is hard proof. A word of advice, either do a private lobby or grab some friends or trusted people (heh, as if that would apply to the majority of the GTA:O community)"
,Not Recommended,271590,24313166,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,VenatusJaime,"Only time I've reviewed a game and it's more of a warning.Bought the game, downloaded, played for a couple hours with an IRL friend, came home from work the next day and was banned. I was given no reason why, just an email linking to the EULA & ToS. Immediately tried contacting Rockstar Support and received a generic computer generated message, once again, linking me to the EULA & ToS and now saying they don't overturn bans.I'll rate the game 7/10 from the short time I played, the customer support a 0/10.[EDIT] Turns out Rockstar's hack prevention program considers recording software to be malicious. Rockstar bans follow a three strike program (10 days, 30 days, permanent).I'll change my review once Rockstar support becomes competent."
76561198000861562,Recommended,271590,15453309,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Z0mBi3,"The PC version of GTA V is definitely the best version. We had to wait really long, but the game finally came out in a fantastic state. Rockstar obviously put a lot of time into the PC port/version. I'm usually against pre-ordering games, but I made one exception this year for GTA, and im happy with my decision. I didn't do it for the pre-order bonus (because that was frankly just a disappointing money cheat) , I did it just so I could preload all GB's in time for launch, because the game is ridiculously big.I'm running it at 60-90 fps on 1920x1080 with most things on ""high"", except for the advanced options, which is something you should only use if your running SLI or one really good card. I have a Nvidia gtx 680, which is a few years old now, so im very impressed with how good I can get the game to run. You can also use GeForce experience with GTA, because Nividia released a update for that day before launch.You can play GTA in first or third person mode, and simply change between them on your controller. All cars have different interiors and looks when you are driving in first person. Some textures are a little blurry in first person, but that is something to expect in a game of this size. Fighting, swimming, walking can also be done in first person, so you can just pick what you like the best.If you have an SSD drive that is big enough for this game you should probably use that for GTA, because the loading screens without it is sometimes very long. It's one of the only complains I have with GTA actually. Thankfully thats just when you are loading into story mode or online, because once you are in the big world there is no invisible walls or loading screens.Singleplayer is fun and the 3 main characters are all very well written. You can swap between them in the open world, but also in certain quests. Michael, Trevor and Franklin are very different from eachother which makes the game more interesting then GTA IV's only character, Niko.GTA online is probably what some people will spend a ton of time in. I really just bought it for the single-player experience, but after playing a few hours with my friends I have to say that GTA online is actually really fun. I think the missions will get kind off repetitive in the long run, but to play free-roam with friends will never get old. You also unlock heist in level 12, so that might refresh things even more.I play this game with an xbox controller and it seems like all friends I've talked to is doing the same thing. I strongly recommend it, at least for the driving. You can enable auto-aim on your controller if you think shooting with it is too hard, or you can swap between your keyboard+mouse in combat, and use controller for driving. When you crash your car and get hit the controll vibrates, which I think makes you feel more immersed in the game.I tried the PC controls and I didn't like them at all. For example you have to hit ""Z"" to see how many players are on your server in online mode. You can however rebind all keys on keyboard, mouse, and controller so thats really good, but the default ones on keyboard are not great im afraid.GTA is a fantastic open world game that will no doubt be played for many years to come. I have already played it a lot and I feel like I have much more leveling to do in GTA online, much more to do and explore in singleplayer and many hours of fun with my close friends to come. Singleplayer was all I really needed, so I will just see GTA online as a plus.Well done Rockstar! This is the best PC version you have ever made and I can see that you put a lot of effort, time and love into creating it. Strongly recommend this title to all my friends, whether your the single or multiplayer guy, you will have a ton of fun. This will probably be one of the best games released this year."
,Not Recommended,271590,15971607,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,⎛ Alucard ⎞ †,"***UPDATE 2016:You think that by this time the cheater situation would be resolved?EEEE!! You're wrong.. its as bad as before and its going downhill.People no longer want to play Online aside from obvious script kiddies which there are majority of Online population now..Legit players moved to Single Player and started playing with modswhich is a lot more fun and has a lot more depth without pointless grinding or dealing with cheating scumbags..And rockstars didnt like that.. because more and more people stopped playing Online and moved to Single PlayerThey stopped releasing content for single player.But that wasnt enough for themthey actualy had the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to release a script that blocks off ability to use online content in story mode (lowrider dlc cars spawned in Story Mode instantly got despawned) fortunately modders came up with the fixbut this is just the begining im afraid r* will most likely continue to ruin life for modderscompany that once said that they support single player modding ... now are realeasing scripts to prevent from modding the game yeah...developers of this game went ♥♥♥♥ing nuts over money they went same path Overkill and EA wentand they will now most likely continue to block off single player modding because no one wants to play their ♥♥♥♥ing bugged , riddled with cheaters dying online mode.Its all about shark cards BUY SHARK CARDS *middle finger* to the communityDo not buythere is no point in buying this trainwreck of a game anymore if they continue towards this path of undermining modders and story mode playersThere is absolutely no point in getting the pc versiontho after this ""stunt"" i wouldnt buy any rockstar games at allthis was the last time i bought something from these EA wannabesYou have been warned----------------------------------------Game is really fun to play but getting it to run properly is a gamble1 wrong component or faulty software and you wont be able to play GTA 5 no matter what.I was lucky i can play it and i enjoyed every second of itHowever i cant recommend this gameWhy? Read below, here is how i rate this game:Story mode 8/10Online 1/10 : Hackers everywhere , every session has a hacker in it and they can do to you whatever they want kill you , crash your game , remove your vehicles/money , remove passive mode or even frame you for hacking (turn your character into a walking bomb that will kill everyone as if you killed them)And Rockstar doesnt seem to handle the situation properly.. occasionaly they ban few of them for 2 weeks only. :/"
,Not Recommended,271590,28597824,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Elixus,"GTA V is a hit-or-miss game. The greatness shines in the singleplayer with its amazing and flamboyant narrative, good character development, and well-written dialogue. I would certainly recommend buying the game purely for the story mode - at a discount of course. I don't think it's worth the $59.99 price tag as it is. If you're a fan of a good crime narrative, GTA V is definitely the game for you.Perhaps the weakest element of GTA V is the online mode. Most of the reviews here are complaining about the modders, hackers, false bans, and griefing players who ruin the experience for other players, which is quite true. However, let's dive into the more fundamental elements of the online mode's overall design structure. This review will be mainly about the online experience, as Rockstar continues to update the game's online sessions with new adversary modes and DLC today.If you're buying the game solely for the online experience, exercise caution.DESIGN: In a nutshell, GTA V's online design is nothing short of awful. The menus are incredibly cluttered with lists upon lists of jobs (mission, races, stunt races) to do, and some of them don't show up. If you want to do a mission, you'll need to scroll through menus of needless tabs just to get to your specific mission unless you bookmark it. If you want to do missions with your friends, you'll need to go through multiple loading screens to start them. Loading back to free-roam takes a few minutes.Matchmaking is some of the worst I've seen in an online experience; it can take anywhere from one to fifteen minutes to gather a group of 2-4 players together to do any mission. When the game actually does pair you up with someone else - assuming you don't have many friends who play the game - it is with literally any player with any skill level. The game will sometimes pair a high-level player with most of the weapons and rewards unlocked with a low-level player with most of the weapons locked, often causing the job to fail due to player inexperience. Invites sometimes don't reach your friends, glitches with menus occur, and there are still many gamebreaking bugs that prevent the online mode from being a decent experience.If you're a fresh player just joining GTA V Online, good luck - most of the weapons are locked behind a level requirement. It will take you weeks to months to gain enough reputation to get the weapon you want - rocket launchers, grenade launchers, explosives, etc. Rockstar can also dish out permanent bans regardless of behavior, and you cannot appeal them. In summary, don't anger Rockstar.AI: Very unforgiving. At times, the AI will be perfectly cunning, dodging and weaving around obstacles to gun you down where you stand. During missions and heists however, most of them are unfair. They never seem to miss; they always have their reticles glued to you, so the moment you pop your head out to return fire, they quickly whittle away what little health you have.You can restore health in combat with snacks - purchased from convenience stores around Los Santos in free roam/freemode. If you want to heal when you're being gunned down by police, mercenaries, or gangsters, you guessed it; you need to open your interaction menu, scroll down to inventory, scroll down to snacks, and spam the enter key to heal your character, then exit the menu to resume combat. Run out of snacks or armor during a mission? You will need to quit to freemode, drive to another convenience store - or CEO office - and restock them. Buy too much and the convenience store will run out of snacks, forcing you to drive to another convenience store to buy more. How inconvenient.The AI isn't easy at all online, and requires precise movements, well-stocked equipment and health, and pure luck to beat them down.JOBS: Some online jobs - similar to quests in an RPG - require you to have more than 2 players. If you start a solo session or an invite only session, most of the fun jobs are all closed off, with Rockstar prompting you to join a public session with other unpredictable players in the lobby, because Rockstar wants the playerbase to mingle. In hindsight, it might seem like a great way to connect with other players, but with the hit-or-miss community of ""public lobby"" GTA V Online coupled with matchmaking flaws, it's difficult to get anything done.Want to do a heist? You are required to gather 4 players together to do them. Individual heist setups can take anywhere from 5-20 minutes. If you fail a heist setup? Moreoften, you may restart from a checkpoint and try it again. If a player leaves the heist setup? Everyone fails the mission, and the party leader will need to exit to freemode, go back to their apartment, re-initiate the heist, and find 4 new players, rinse and repeat. Heist finales contain the highest payouts, with rewards spanning from $80,000 to $200,000 depending on the heist, and can range anywhere between 10-30 minutes to complete. There are rarely checkpoints in heist finales; players have team lives instead of individual lives. If one player dies, your team loses a life, and in 99% of the heist finales, only one team life is available. Therefore, if one player continues to die and uses up your team's lives, you will need to replay the entire heist finale from the beginning or checkpoint. If one player leaves or disconnects while the heist is in progress, you will need to gather another 4 players to do the heist finale from the start.PLAYERBASE: GTA V Online's playerbase is really a hit or miss, though they should be somewhat feared. There are some decent and friendly players who are looking to have fun with heists, rewards, and such, but the majority of the time you'll be killed the moment you leave your apartment - run over by cars, sniped from afar, etc; this can be combatted with the game's passive mode - a mode in which other players cannot attack you, and you cannot attack other players or pedestrians. The problem with this mode is that you can't rob stores, take part in public lobby events, or defend yourself when the cops begin pursuing you.Also, there doesn't appear to much of a localization option with other players; you are grouped together with players from around the world. God forbid you get paired up in a serious heist where communication is next to impossible due to a language barrier. 50% of the time, you'll luckily encounter an English-speaking player. Most of the other players are from other countries, which makes coordinating missions and jobs frustrating if you or others don't speak a common language.DLC/BUSINESS MODEL: The game's online items and cars are progressively getting more and more expensive. Super/hypercars cost upwards of $1,000,000 to $6,000,000. There is a plane in-game for $10,000,000. Luxury yachts go from $6,000,000 to $10,000,000. CEO offices go from $1,000,000 to $6,000,000. Apartments go anywhere from $40,000 to $2,000,000. If you're earning $10,000 per job, and about $80,000 per heist in a great while, you bet it will take a long time to buy the things you want. Rockstar releases ""free DLC"" every few months, which are nothing more than introductions of new vehicles and buildings with inflated price tags. Don't want to play the game to earn money? Simply buy shark cards. $20 USD gets you 1.2 million dollars. $100 USD gets you 8 million dollars. And Rockstar wonders why modders and money hackers grow by the minute. The business model with ""free DLC"" is simply a hellish sanctuary for micro-transactions. You're not buying a $60 game. You're conned into paying for a $500+ game; that is, unless you either grind out every bit of cash slowly, or stay the heck away from online.Overall? Beautiful story. Story mode gets9/10.Greedy Rockstar in online mode. Bad design, mixed playerbase, unfair AI, disappointing rewards, but fun with friends. Online gets a4/10."
76561198048926830,Not Recommended,271590,31104486,Posted: 12 April,all,idigsleep,"Never used a mod in my life, and just got my account banned and a notification that my toon is being reset. This game is plagued with modders online, and Rockstar will do nothing about it. BTW there is no appeals process so I'm screwed. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,22888338,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Thug Life,"I feel I can only write a review for GTA Online, as Grand theft Auto V has been left in the dust since it launched on PC, All of Rockstar's attention goes into GTA Online now. Buying GTA V is basically just a means of distribution for the Online component.I'm level 99 or something like that, I feel I've played the game long enough to have a solid opinion on it, so let's begin.- Base game hasn't recieved an update since the first weeks of launch, they don't even port Online cars to it anymore. And they have been actively taking steps to prevent people from spawning online cars in singleplayer. Looks like they don't want you trying something before you spend half a million GTAbucks on it only to find you don't like it.- Very few of the updates have added any genuine features or changes, most of the time it's the usual combonation of a new vehicle or two, a gun that no one wants, like the antique pistol for example, and some tacky clothing options.  For an online game that's technically been going for 3 years, there's been very little innovation.- The whole point of the game is to make money so that you can buy toys, and once you've got everything you want, and once you get bored of the missions, adversary modes and races, and get tired of screwing around in freemode, the game becomes pointless, just a never ending quest to buy more and more overpriced cars and clothing for no better reason than to promote your internet ego, and then realize that everyone else in the game is driving Chrome Adders and sitting on golden Yachts- Rockstar doesn't think when it comes to implementing game features, the bad sport system is horribly abused. More often than not I find myself getting ""bad sport points"" for doing nothing else but defending myself against an Armoured Kuruma full of raging teenagers who are killing everyone on sight.  Do that enough and all of a sudden you're broke, and forced to play in a lobby full of dunce hatted griefers and cheaters... not that there's any difference between the dunce lobbies and the normal ones, and on the topic of cheating- The cheating is just insane. it's out of control, Rockstar has lost whatever grip they have on this game, and usually it's not someone cheating in a competitive mode or a co-op mission, more often than not it's just straight out griefing.  Getting C130s dropped on you, cars exploding for no reason, having a gang of stripper NPCs with miniguns spawned on you.  And then you've also got people who spawn moneybags on others, which completely removes any reason for playing legitimately because Rockstar rarely bans, punishes or otherwise goes after anyone who gets hacked money, just the one who spawned it. They slap cheaters on the wrist, often using a strike system, the first 2 or 3 times you're caught, you get banned for a week or two. It should be permanent. There is no excuse for the amount of hacking that goes on in a game of this size- Free roam is a toxic swamp of internet tough guys, racists, griefers, hackers, tryhards, screamers and squeakers. Freeroam was supposed to be the place where you get to show off, and play with all the things you earned during your missions, and you're extremley hard pressed to find a lobby that isn't full of hackers, Raging griefers with tanks, or one with a blood raging argument going on over voice/chat.GTA Online is like one of the seven circles of hell, it's a circle of hell reserved for the morons and half-wits who get off to a toxic, unforgiving and completeley malicious enviornment.It's a shame, because GTA V isn't that bad of a game,  I think GTA IV was ahead of it's time, and I still enjoy it even though it doesn't run too well anymore for some reason.   but GTA V has largely been forgotten since it first launched, because in this industry, if an action game isn't an online game, it's irrelevant.GTA V: An impressive technical achievement, hit some nails on the head, missed some others compared to it's predecessors.GTA Online: A toxic pisshole that should be avoided at all costs."
,Not Recommended,271590,29260711,Posted: 14 January,all,GREENMAN41,"~♬ Another one bites the ban ♬~~♬ Another one bites the ban ♬~~♬ And another one banned, and another one banned ♬~~♬ Another one bites the ban ♬~~♬ Hey, I'm gonna ban you too ♬~~♬ Another one bites the ban ♬~"
76561198009736777,Not Recommended,271590,22785014,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,❄⚡Maou - Mokushiroku Itami🔥☠,"If your planning on buying this game for single player then go ahead. However! If you're buying this game because you want to play GTA Online... DON'T. The amont of hackers in-game is ridiculous, and Rockstar DO NOT LIKE HELPING PEOPLE. You can get banned even when you're not online or playing the game because someone will hack in-game using your name and Rockstar will ban YOU. Oh, you'll also get banned for mods. So basically, if you're going to buy this game....Prepare to be banned?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32438494,Posted: 15 June,all,[TAW] ı|PËËK|ı,"The parent company of Rockstar, the developer of this game is pushing micro-transactions and sacrificing the singleplayer just to push people to the multiplayer, which has microtransactions.They are also fighting the modding community in an attempt to, again, get more money."
,Not Recommended,271590,28977184,Posted: 3 January,all,Chorindiel,Getting Banned For No Reason Simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,271590,16093073,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,- \/G - alexmad93,"This game is great, until you go to play online... It takes waaay to long to load online (close to 5 minutes on a high end pc like mine) and once you get there it is miserable to play. Nearly every session i have joined the past 2 weeks has at least one hacker either giving everyone money, or just running around with invincibility killing everyone. What finally pushed me over the edge is when I was playing online with a friend doing our own thing and then all of a sudden everyone on the server dies because they are crushed by falling rocks, then there is a clone of the character stuck to my body and even after killing it and myself, it just stayed. It only gets worse, my friend and I didn't mind it to much and it was a bit comical at times, but then we are all killed again except this time blown up which destroyed my car that I had to make the claim on and drained all cash and removed all guns. About 30 seconds after that it was flooded, literally. I did what a responsible person would do and reported the hacker as i have to most of the other hackers that I pass by and what does Rockstar do? Nothing. Absolutely &%$#ing nothing to the point where I saw the same hacker a week later doing the same thing in a different server. It has gotten to the point where I don't even bother playing online anymore because you simply can't.TL:DR Version:Rockstar needs to get it together with banning hackers, and until then, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME if you plan on playing online or it will be miserable for you."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314070,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,† Coffin Creep †,are you retaded rockstar cause we think you are
76561197996923286,Not Recommended,271590,16312837,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,apitos,amazing game scum saling tactics ...
,Not Recommended,271590,29637330,Posted: 1 February,all,Radish Guy,"Don't get me started on GTA Online. It's only matter of time before R* closes solo session and private session or pays troller more by successfully annoy other player (Crate delivery, Import / Export, you know it) or probably makes the game itself harder by applying more sh*tty policies and such (No garage access during Pacific Heist, etc. CMIIW) w/ purpose to punish players more while playing it or force players to buy Shark Cash Cards instead just heavy grinding in specific heists or side missions, hell IDK...Aside from being exaggerating, don't buy this game. Hell even just for enjoying Story Mode - it's not worth it for $50 price tag (Wait till it discounted like around 66% - 75%)"
,Not Recommended,271590,26530805,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,O Solid,"GTA V is a great game, a real achievement for the gaming industry. One of those games that deserves to be recorded, saved and displayed on a museum for all humanity. This is definitely the best version of the game, best graphics, FPS option, mods and etc.BUT (and this is a big but), the new anti-cheating mechanism, which was long overdue since cheating is rampant, is now generating a lot of false positives. That is, players that don't cheat or engage in illegal activities are being banned for one month without a specific reason. No one is really certain on what triggers this ban, some say Discord, Xplit, OBS and even Windows 10 Recording might be the culprit. As if that was not enough the worst part is the response from Rockstar, after the ban and you try to open a ticket to resolve the issue, they have already placed an automated response denying any form of contest. Like DONT EVEN TRY, NO ONE IS EVER GOING TO READ YOUR CLAIM.This is completely ridiculous and a shame, and probably an unethical consumer stance. The game is really amazing and GTA Online is getting better content every month, unfortunately the customer service and the anti-cheating is a big stain on Rockstar’s track record...If you buy this game now, you are running a big risk on getting a ban out of blue, and not being able to play it online. I would avoid it for the time being."
76561198190566809,Not Recommended,271590,31493228,Posted: 1 May,all,Lydia,"Someone cheated to all players 10 million, and then I was permanently banned.♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,16311972,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Vault,"Changed price before sale to $80 to discount back to $60, no thanks ♥♥♥♥ers."
,Not Recommended,271590,16313335,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kryo,"Edit: I was going to give the game a negative review due to T2 ruling modding illegal, but I already had one in place. Oh well.The game is so-so. While it's the magnum opus GTA, the pc port is a bit of hit&miss. I, for one, have heavy graphical bugs whenever it rains.Also, going to have to give it a negative review for bumping the price up and then pretending it was on a generous summer sale. Seriously, doesn't gaming industry have a single bit of ethics left anywhere?"
,Not Recommended,271590,27518505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kial Irvin,GTA ONLINE is banning everyone for doing nothing.  my friend was banned and so was a lot of people at the time. don't buy this game or play the Online stay safe becuase rockstar doesn't care about you.Update : if you comment something like they don't ban people for no reason. I will remove your comment and I will ask you to hook the discord overlay into your GTA use XSPLIT or delete one texture file. Go ahead they don't ban you if your not cheating right ;) just do it.I also made a video on the subject that can be seen here.https://youtu.be/fwuH9JHPdpI
76561198063613336,Not Recommended,271590,34725062,Posted: 3 September,all,Agent Nesbitt,"""your account has been 'adjusted': -$7650000.00""weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeI'd like my steam account to be ""adjusted"" the +$60 for this game"
76561198041447523,Not Recommended,271590,32427127,Posted: 15 June,all,mattjbjb,Don't buy this if you want mods.
76561198188344306,Not Recommended,271590,32435557,Posted: 15 June,all,SmörjMedel,RIP mods
,Not Recommended,271590,16317587,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,McGrawesome,"Really love this game. Happily paid $70 for it again on PC launch after playing it on PS3.Really hate how Rockstar is trying to incentivize sales by hiking up the price for the steam summer sale. You really think you can get away with bundling the game with some virtual currency, lowering the original price by $3 and then slapping a 25% off badge over it?Lost a lot of respect today for a publisher that I had grown to love. Will definitely think twice about purchasing any game from them in the future; which will be hard, but not as hard as it would be to support a company whose fundamental principals I disagree with.I miss the studio that brought me so many fantastic titles in the past and not the corporate entity that it has become."
,Not Recommended,271590,32435549,Posted: 15 June,all,123,Gave us a port of a game years late. Used the law to harass modders and such. 3/10. 3 for being a decent game. -7 for being piece of sh$t developers.
,Not Recommended,271590,16315275,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Skinhead Octopus Chickenshit,>sale>single player mods
76561198019382209,Not Recommended,271590,31596959,Posted: 6 May,all,Eukatae,"""modders"" have completely ruined this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,16312366,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mausterio (Main),"I thought Rockstar was better than EA, but they managed to show the PC community that they are in fact just as bad as EA."
,Not Recommended,271590,25326569,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Purple,"Great for single player, great story and can fuel hours of fun with the standard game alone. Mods make this game great though.Online is near enough an utter grindfest for newer players and the commuinity is utter cancer, full of cheaters, children and angry pre teens that have invested more time and cash into shark cards than they have into their education as it comes to when a salty russian corrects a british child on his/her's spelling.The anti cheat is utter garbage, false positives everywhere banning innocent players and letting cheaters roam free. You'd think with all that money they could have hired a better online security team.If Rockstar listened to their commuinity (which they never have done really as they're still rolling in last year's sales report) perhaps this game can have another chance with me.TL:DRSingle player: Fantastic alone, even better with mods.Online: Avoid like the plauge, unless you have some sort of sexual fettish for getting shouted at and wasting your money.Edit: I am aware of the fanboys mass disliking this review as well as the same people in question commenting on my profile because apparantly I'm not allowed an opinion online because I dislike a segment of a popular video game. Grow up children.Edit: Due to the devs banning single player mods, I will no longer support take two in any way or form. I am sick of greedy companies trampling on their consumerbase to try and make an extra buck. ♥♥♥♥ you guys, I hope you go into liquidation for treating us like crap."
,Not Recommended,271590,32449731,Posted: 15 June,all,Ecks,"Take Two, what is wrong with you?-From someone who doesn't mod, but stands with the community."
,Not Recommended,271590,16315924,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Entice,"Hey, let's add on some in-game currency as a ""bundle"", then mark it down so that we can get on the summer sale!Really shady, Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32460557,Posted: 15 June,all,ILoveHispanics,"Thanks. Thanks Take Two. Thanks for kicking the modding community in the balls just before a major mod release. Thanks for killing fun. Thanks for controlling what we do on a 4 year old game we paid 60 f*cking dollars for. Thanks for killing everyone's hard work and contributions to the mods they worked so hard on. Thanks, guess I'll have to go back to using cheatcodes out of a book, but I won't be doing that. I'll utilize my free 65gbs of storage for something else. Take your f*cking Shark Cards and shove them up your♥♥♥♥♥Gta 5 (2015)- 9.5/10Gta 5 (6-15-17)- 0/10T2 - 0/10P.S. Hey Take Two/Rockstar, maybe you should collaborate with Bethesda with their paid mod service! At least it would be close enough to an ACTUAL DLC for SP.*Edit - I made my views of this more towards Take Two Interactive. They are to blame of this mess. C*nts."
76561198002963785,Not Recommended,271590,32448311,Posted: 15 June,all,Onesie Party,"MODDing is the life blood the PC. ♥♥♥♥ off Take2,"
,Not Recommended,271590,32439644,Posted: 15 June,all,vacondrugs,"Wow, never realized a publisher of such a huge franchise like GTA that includes a community of such talented modders, would just decide to ♥♥♥♥ them over with a Cease-And-Desist, just coz some rich greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ monkeys felt like they aren't getting enough money from $60 game with microtranscations, that has been in the market for the last 4 years.Seriously *♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥* TAKE-TWO.RIP, OpenIV.I love Rockstar & the GTA Series; but sudden decisions like this just to -F-E-L-L-A-T-E- their 'shareholders' is what makes me despise their existence."
,Not Recommended,271590,24735560,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SirSoda,"My Experience With Rockstar SupportWell, as you may pick up from the title, anybody posting about experience with support is most likely posting something negative. This is most definitely true.I begin my story, 2 days ago, playing GTA 5 - Online and having some fun with friends. Since I'm slightly impatient I decided to purchase a $10 shark card to assist me in getting me started up. Purchased some weapons, vehicle, upgrades, all that jazz. The next day I start up the game only to see that I have been banned with no explanation as to why I have been banned.Of course, I move onto the support website. I submit a support ticket explaining my issue and get a response back within minutes of posting the ticket. I was impressed!! Such fast response times!!Just kidding, it was just an automated response explaining that bans are automated and they can't do anything about it. So then I decided to call. 51 calls just to get into the waiting line, 47 minute hold, brief explanation of myself, and another 7 minute hold all to be told the same♥♥♥♥♥♥the automated system on the website told me.I still have no idea as to why I was banned. Never hacked. Never modded. Never abused anybody. Thank you support for literally wasting my time.Other than the stupid banning of innocent people, including a friend of mine who has been temp banned twice now and will be perma banned on the next one, it's fun with friends.VerdictWould I recommend it? If you can avoid being perma banned by a broken automated system, sure I would, but I can't say that is possible./Ijustneededtovent /endrantEDIT: This was originally a reddit post, when I state 2 days ago, I really mean a while ago.EDIT 2: To all those saying ""just shut up, you cheated admit it, stop lying"" you clearly either haven't played long enough or consistent enough to have the broken automated system touch you in inappropriate places, or you are just that one special snowflake that is so ignorant to all the evidence of false-positives. Seriously...."
76561198051499822,Not Recommended,271590,30016195,Posted: 18 February,all,Soap | road-to-mg,"So there I was at 12am in the morning. I remember the great times I've had on console, so I buy GTA V for $30. It takes me four hours to download the massive 70gb game. I start GTA Online and start to drive around in a car and terrorize the civilians. After an hour of gameplay I decide to go to sleep.When I wake up I see an email from Rockstar. ""Rockstar Games Account Suspension and Character Reset Notification"" (which was an email sent by them 50mins after i stopped playing). I remember looking at the reviews about the game and seeing people complain that they've been mysteriously banned for no reason.So I think about the situation. I just bought the game, I just gave these people my money, I played for maybe a little more than an hour of GTA Online, AND NOW IM BANNED.Have I ever exploited the game with any malicious programs? NO I LITERALLY JUST BOUGHT THE GAME FOR $30 ON MY MAIN ACCOUNT (WHICH IS CLEAN).Also to make it just all that much better, these people don't give you any information as to why you were banned, they just tell you that you have violated their rules and tell you how long you're banned for.So in the Rockstar support pages it says that 3rd party applications don't cause bans in GTA Online. Yea right.SO WHAT COULD IT BE?! Could it be that I said one thing in chat which consisted of ""hi guys."" Could it be that I shot civilians and ran from the police? Could it be that I slightly damaged another player's car when I rear-ended it? Nope, i guarantee it isn't any of those things.These people have made billions off of GTA V, so why would they care about my petty $30?DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. YOU ARE GUARANTEED A BAN.These people are too lazy to actually do anything about their rotting reputation.Seriously please do not buy the game guys it seriously makes you feel worthless and degraded. To explain my story hopefully a little better. I bought GTA V for $30 off of Steam because I remember the fun times I had on console. It takes so many hours to download and once it's done I am excited. After the prologue, I head into GTA Online because it's my first experience on pc. In summary, I shot civilians, stole cars, ran from the cops, typical GTA stuff, I didn't PVP.To convice you others that I am a legitimate player, this is my main steam account. This is my first time playing GTA Online on the computer. Why would I waste $30 on my MAIN account just to hack a game? AND why would I spend quite a long time writing this review if I were an actually cheater?CONCLUSIONI realize that I have actually violated Rockstar's agreements. To play GTA V without being randomly banned you must ensure that your computer doesn't have any programs Rockstar doesn't like? In my case it could've just been cheat engine sitting on my computer, not running. GTA V is a great game, but Rockstar's auto ban system seems faulty to me but that's just my opinion."
,Recommended,271590,16382957,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Overall Score:90/100Game Pros• Open World• Beautiful graphics• In depth character customization• Passive mode option (So players cant kill you online)• Long intricate storyline (Single Player)• Weather System• Multiplayer• Vehicles (Ground/Air)• Purchasable Apartments• Day/Night Cycle• Mini Games• Grouping System• Car CustomizationGame Cons• Hackers/Scripters (Have the ability to get you banned by the anti-cheat)• Ability to use real money to buy in-game money (Shark Cards)• You can randomly get disconnected from the server• Some GPUs have trouble rendering in all objects (They all load in eventually)• Tapping a police car will get you shot and killedRelateable Games• N/AConclusionGrand Theft Auto V is beautifully crafted. With such a big game, there is bound to be issues, but nothing that breaks your fun. Create your own gang in the Rockstar Social club website, and start making your mark.Check out the REDUX mod(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
,Not Recommended,271590,15702480,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡𝑀𝓊𝑔𝑒𝓃,"F*#K you Rockstar you money hungry c*%ts. Blocking people just for using mods in the SINGLE PLAYER campaign, really. The only thing that will keep your game alive in the upcoming months is the mods not the online portion. Well guess what i am still gonna play as monkey carrying a grenade launcher while blowing up cops. F*#k you!"
76561198035454583,Not Recommended,271590,16313535,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Cake64,"Don't buy this game until Rockstar gets off their asses and fixes the ridiculous amount of bugs they still haven't touched since launch.The game takes 12 hours to download on a good machine and crashes ten or twenty minutes for no reason. The online mode is full of hackers who kill everyone repeatedly and will even try to get you banned from the game by spawning you money. I don't have access to half of the map because the game will crash if you drive too far north.Don't bother reporting any bugs to Rockstar, they have some of the worst customer service I've ever seen. Take the crashes for example, I've seen hundreds of posts about this problem and Rockstar either ignores them or tells the poster to buy a better computer. This is obviously a huge problem that happens to many players and Rockstar hasn't even touched it yet.Don't get me wrong, this is a good game when it works, a really good game. But the fact that Rockstar has ignored so many game breaking issues experienced by such a huge portion of their fanbase makes me think that Rockstar just doesn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥.By the way, nice thing you pulled with the summer sale Rockstar!"
,Recommended,271590,23375612,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Maze,"Cheaters never win, execpt in Rockstar created games."
,Recommended,271590,15342403,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,JoshLmao,"GTA 5 finally arrives on PC after a long delay but the big question is, was it worth the wait?If you haven't played GTA on previous and current gen consoles then this you will definitely want to get it. The campaign on  its own is totally worth the price and with all the Stranger missions, you will be occupied for some time. However, the multiplayer is what will keep you coming back to the game for more.  Rockstar's main focus post-release is on GTA: Online and with their regular release of free updates, there's always something new for players to try out. For any beginners to GTA: Online, here's a handy and short guide with all the need to knowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd4ilQ-_RrsMoving onto performance which is one of the reasons why GTA was delayed so much for PC. There doesn't actually seem to be any major problems with running it. Because the game was made with PS3/Xbox 360 in mind, the required specs aren't amazingly high. Obviously, if you want to be running it in all it's glory and at high resolutions then you will need better equipment."
76561198140440704,Not Recommended,271590,34953426,Posted: 14 September,all,Dick_Sledge,"R* is currently taking legitimate money away from hundreds, possibly thousands of players.  Their cheat detection is flawed and honest players are paying the price for it. I worked hard during some of their double cash and RP events and had it all taken away as illegitimate right before the release of the next DLC.  I thought it was in error, and I put in a detailed help ticket explaining how I earned the money through their events.  I received a generic response that I was exploiting the game.  My shark card money was taken away as well.  Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,34596183,Posted: 29 August,all,TerriBad Gamer,"Almost 2k hours in game and after about 6 months break after working my butt off to get to $50,000,000, I come back briefly I earn another $2,000,000 then later on spend $14,000,000 and shortly after that I earn back another $2,000,000 only to discover 1 week later I have $15,000,000 removed from my account.Thank you Rockstar for GTA, GTA2, GTA3, GTA Vice City, GTA San andreas, GTA IV and GTA V single player Games, but your attempt at Multip[layer and how you handle it all wa slike a 5 month old trying to run a business.  It was fun while it lasted but your greed and lack of customer support has pushed me away from anything else you bring out in the future (Not that your going to bother with PC anymore anyway) o/"
76561198037011340,Not Recommended,271590,32459230,Posted: 15 June,all,FreezingFrost,Will go to court over a modding tool.Does not even ban or mention cheat tools.paid mods next update here as well?we will never know!
,Not Recommended,271590,32427126,Posted: 15 June,all,GlebPerchuk,R.I.P. OpenIV♥♥♥♥ TakeTwo
76561198019438148,Not Recommended,271590,30070983,Posted: 20 February,all,D4RK1,"While single player mode is enjoyable, Multiplayer is plagued by Rockstar's attempts to empty your wallet. The methods to make money in multiplayer are tedious and not very rewarding for the work you do. The worst thing about multiplayer is that they've recently adopted some new terms for playing which basically say that they'll delete your multiplayer accounts without need for explanation, which is basically what happened to me. A few years worth of progress completely deleted with no explanation. So yeah, if you really want to play it, then do so, but don't buy any Shark cards, it isn't worth it and you can't get refunds for them either."
76561198111832846,Not Recommended,271590,22749593,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,rileyc612,got banned for 35 years for a hacker giving me money...    p.s. i was unbanned after multible messages to rockstar. will leave a positive review if i get my money and level back ( they reset my stats)
76561198138576020,Not Recommended,271590,32423213,Posted: 14 June,all,Holy_Wobbles,Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me??
,Not Recommended,271590,32462861,Posted: 15 June,all,thales_batista,"Do not support a company that doesn't support its community.(It's not Rockstar's fault, but Take-Two).Mod content is what have made me play it for a long time. Even it had the biggest map in GTA games, I felt the single player campaign was the shortest one in entire series.Multiplayer was fun but had a flaw, like any other MP game: cheaters. But that existed even before OpenIV had support for GTA V, and will continue to happen after this bombshell. They have should spent less with lawyers and more with developers to enhance the anti-cheat system, even talk with OpenIV team to verify that info and work with them with some solution, if that was really true.But now it's done, there is no way back. If I feel the urge to do some killing spree, I know where I can find it: on good ol' Playstation 2 San Andreas, in Carl Johnson hands."
76561198044416866,Not Recommended,271590,32435547,Posted: 15 June,all,Mattlob,"They have removed modding from the game, sort this then it's a good game"
,Not Recommended,271590,22873484,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,hello,"Don't get the game on PC unless you are going to play the story mode. Sadly, this game is flooded with modders online. They do anything they can to ruin the experience of GTA: Online by trying to crash your game, aimbotting, god mode, spawning objects like ferris wheels on you or around the map, giving fake money or even taking away money, removing levels, and just overall destroying the game. DON'T PLAY ONLINE UNTIL ROCKSTAR FIXES THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198113753042,Not Recommended,271590,16317778,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,LIFE ALERT CRIME PROTECTION,"Cash Cards?????? really man??So GTA is now a pay to play and then ""pay again to play"" game, $HIT at least warframe is free to play, paying $ is optionalso much scamming going on these Devs now feel their games are worth $200, when did we go from $50 game price to now HUNDREDS of dollars for a F$CKING GAME!!i can by 10 seasons of a TV show for $80 but $100 for 1 title your out of your mindi hope and pray for another video game crash, there needs to be mass firings before they get it"
76561198040975207,Not Recommended,271590,16315176,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Aposine,Don't be stupid.
76561197979236454,Not Recommended,271590,30280797,Posted: 2 March,all,[TLA] Crgspawn,"I will start by saying that GTA V is a very enjoyable game. The game is wonderful if you plan to only play single-player. Online, however is infested with cheaters. It has also turned into a huge grind in order to purchase anything, thanks to their microtransactions (Shark Cards).My girlfriend and i have played well over 500+ hours of the game together, have never cheated, nor received money from cheaters. Yet yesterday we've both had our account suspended for a month while ALSO resetting our characters/property/money/etc. Rockstar offers no help and there is NO appeal process for their suspensions/bans. Whether you deserve it or not, there is nothing you can do.Complaining aside, if you do purchase this game do NOT (I cannot stress this enough) DO NOT purchase their shark cards.  There stands a very likely chance that you will also get suspended and lose everything you've worked for/purchase, like many of us have.I can recommend purchasing to play singleplayer, however i cannot recommend purchasing to play online.Gameplay: 10/10Community: 6/10R* Support: -1/10"
76561198028827568,Not Recommended,271590,16317534,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,wakkowb,"Its a great game but come on, treating your customers like idiots with that kind of tricks on the price on summer sales it is really offending."
,Recommended,271590,15372188,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Toasted Baby,First person I met online gave me a ride to the strip club and gave me money for a lap dance.  We are now best friends.
,Not Recommended,271590,30017825,Posted: 18 February,all,Nuka-Lippe Cherry!,"Rockstar gave me 1 month ban.I didn't used any mods or hacks, or even cpu boosting programs.To be addition, I NEVER played Online session or MMO servers.I only played heists and other missions with my friend in MY session. And NONE of my friends are/were using hacks.Bought this game about 1 week ago when the sale started, played about 15 hours, and BAMI got banned.I bet VAC or BattleEye is better than this bunch load of♥♥♥♥♥♥UPDATE 2017-06-23Now Rockstar is banning modders, not cheaters.GGWP Rockstar! Way to go!"
76561198108949937,Not Recommended,271590,16313354,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Creep Next Door,"I had refunded this game because it wasnt working and I recently found a way to make it work, I was gonna rebuy it until i saw the price. The goddamn price was the same because they decided it would be a great idea to attempt to practically scam customers into paying fullprice for an uneccesary addon, I was really angry and i belive that the base game should go on sale for atleast 30 percent to make up for the attrocity that the original sale was"
76561197985603275,Not Recommended,271590,15902411,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Robin,"The single player game is rather good, but the online game is just unplayable.1. Countless bugs. When you do a heist there is about a 50% chance that you cannot finish it because of a bug. I am not even kidding. That means if you spend 2 hours on a heist, you are only actually playing the real game for 1 hour, as most of these bugs require a restart of the game.2. Crashes. Random crashes occur all the time. Not only that, but some crashes are so terrible that it requires you to reinstall the game. One friend of mine has reinstalled the game more than 10 times now, I am yet again not kidding. More than 10 times he needed to download the entire game again, which is about 60gb each time.3. Glitches. The only thing in the online game that is important is money. You can buy money from the store of the game, but that is never needed. There are multiple glitches and hacks which can make you a millionaire from doing nothing. That is destroying the gameplay a lot, and the programming level of this game to make these hacks possible is just terribly low (I am a programmer myself, and I am shocked that Rockstar Games managed to do this).4. Online in a random game is just terrible gameplay. If you are in a car (which you most likely are), people will just one hit you with an RPG or a Homing Launcher. These players then have to pay a fine for your car if it was insured, which it most likely is. That means that they have to pay for the missile shot ($1500) and then the car (~$6000), but they do not care and think that they have ""won"" the battle, even if they payed for it.This either means that people are just not smart enough in this game to understand that what they do actually makes them lose a lot of money, or that those players are using the glitches to have unlimited money, and can therefore just waste money to win in PvP. That means that money is much greater than skill in this game.5. Heists. Apart from all the bugs, finding people to go to a heist with is just horrible. Most people can't even speak or type in english. This makes it impossible to finish a heist with random people. You have to use external websites to find a heist team, and even then its hard to find people that can actually finish a heist (about 5% chance to win a heist each try, hours and hours doing the same thing over and over).Even if you finish all heists in a row, or without dying at all, there are bugs that removes the additional money given for achievements. This means that you can spend around 10 hours doing an achievement, and then when you should get $10 000 000 for it, you just get nothing.I always wanted to work at Rockstar Games, but now I feel that I have nothing to learn from them. How can they fail so miserably making a game that works with that much money?"
,Recommended,271590,19348899,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tom,"Grand Theft Auto V is an open world action adventure game developed by Rockstar North. This game is the fifteenth in the series. The game was originally released on Xbox 360 and PS3 in mid-2013, and then got a remastered version on Xbox One and PS4 in late 2014, before finally being released on the PC in April 2015.  The game quite rightly is a record setter, selling over 11 million copies and grossing over $800 million on the release day, before breaking the $1 billion marker three days afterwards.GTA V continues in tradition with the type of game play on offer. You play in third person over the shoulder view of the characters. The game has three main protagonists, who each have their own story and plot to go with them – somehow all three of these characters’s path cross throughout the game and they soon become key to each other’s story.  The driving in the game has been improved over the previous versions of the game, cars feel even more realistic to drive and the game’s physics engine is almost perfect with figuring out how objects will react should you hit them (or they hit you!). The gun play in this game is significantly better than the previous versions also, I did have issues with aiming and general fight scenes before, but GTA V sets out the controls and feel of the gameplay perfectly allowing you to not run into any stumbling blocks in terms of the controls or mechanics.  I did find the flying missions to be quite annoying at times, since I was playing the game on mouse and keyboard, I found the controls to be a bit fumbly when manning a helicopter or plane, but the flying parts of the game are few and far between.  The main core of the game revolves around completing story missions for each of the three main characters; these can range from stealing cars for a billionaire’s collection, right the way to robbing banks. There is plenty of variety in the missions you can do, and you will find it very difficult to find a moment in this game where you are bored.The game has gorgeous graphics, no they aren’t photo realistic, but that’s because the game’s style isn’t aiming for that. The PC version of this game is most certainly the pinnacle of gaming; it just puts the console’s version to shame when you compare the two.  My rig which is a monster, couldn’t handle putting the game out at 60 fps at 4k resolutions, but was quite happy to run every setting at maximum on 1080p, and it just looks fantastic. Normally open world games try to reduce the graphics slightly just because how much is being loaded at any one time, but GTA V does none of that; each of the textures are all high res, animation is absolutely perfect, and the lighting effects are some of the best I have seen in any video game.As with all GTA games, you are going to get a blockbuster style story line, this is one of the best, if not THE best plot to any video game and one which I will remember. All three of the character’s story are so well written, and perfectly intertwining with each other.  The game does have a large amount of cut scenes at the beginning of each level, some people may find this to be annoying as they would rather be playing the story rather than watching it; but personally I found the cut scenes to be just as interesting to watch as it is to play the game. They fully immerse you into the world of Los Santos. Not only is there a captivating main story to the game, there are also plenty of side missions whilst they are all quite basic tasks for you to complete, they all have some sort of story behind them for each character, which are all well worth your time in completing.The sound effects and voice acting goes above and beyond here as well. Every single one of the characters is so perfectly voice acted that you sometimes forget that these aren’t real people in front of. The ambiance sounds of the city are all amazing too, there is never a moment where there is just silence, whether it is people in the street chatting to each other, or someone getting road rage, there is always something going on.  Not to mention the game has 162 songs on the radio station, so you will always find something you are in the mood for when you are traveling across the map.The game isn’t exactly hard, there are missions which you will probably have to do over again because of silly reasons, such as crashing your plane from not being able to land it (I have had to do one of the missions way too many times to remember because of this!!), but I don’t think I actually died in a gun fight or a heist of any kind, since most of the time you are with one of the other characters you always have some kind of backup should things turn nasty.Los Santos is one of the biggest game worlds to ever be made, it is bigger than GTA IV, GTA SA and Red Dead Redemption combined. Whilst a good portion of the map is mountain ranges and open fields of emptiness in the northern regions, the actual city is a bustling hive of entertainment and action. Round every corner there is something for you to do, whether it be a side missions that involves you getting your mother the drugs she needs, helping a young lady get her purse back after being robbed (or not?) or just earning an honest day’s work by towing cars that are parked illegally. The world is your oyster in Los Santos.The main story with a good portion of side missions and extras in GTA V took me just about forty six hours to complete. Whilst the main story is complete, I still have plenty of heists, extra missions, stunts, races…so much more to finish! The single player alone in this game can probably hit the heights of eighty hours if you want to complete everything, and it is something I am going to be aiming to do over the course of the next few months. Never have I played a game that has made me want to do that more! Having only played the game through once, I cannot be 100% sure on this, but I feel there is a slight portion of the game which can change depending on what actions you take towards the latter stages of the story so if you do want to replay the game again, there is going to be a bit of a different story at the end of it depending on what you choose.Technically, GTA V is faultless. Many worried that the PC port would be terrible, but they really knocked it out of the park here.  The abundance of graphical options, audio options, and options in general, really make this a proper PC game.  The game can be played on a gamepad, or a mouse and keyboard. Normally with GTA games I opt for the game pad, but the game is so well optimized for the PC, the mouse and keyboard feel like the only option for me - it just plays so fluidly.I am going to go out on a limb here and say that GTA V is one of, if not the greatest video game out there today. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the game, and it excels in every area in which you will critic a game. The stellar gameplay, exquisite story line, and huge open world for you to explore;  it is hard to put this conclusion into words as to how perfect this game is – it is something you really need to be experiencing for yourself as this is a piece of history right here.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!http://store.steampowered.com/app/271590"
76561198060423676,Not Recommended,271590,16314331,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Beardergi,"Terrible terrible move there. My friends were really looking forward to the sale so they could afford the damn game, but no you force a DLC or whatever up their ***** alongside the game which is £1 cheaper. Online is already filled with bloody hackers, no need to troll us more."
,Not Recommended,271590,26224700,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,LastEscape,"Just bought the game and played GTA Online for the first time with my friend. I thought it was going to be fun. I pretty much got spawn killed repeatedly I left online and starting playing single player. The Next day I try playing online after work, it says I've been banned for a month. GTA Online is a joke."
,Not Recommended,271590,32439642,Posted: 15 June,all,Duckey,Dont ♥♥♥♥ with the mods
,Not Recommended,271590,16316500,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,mad0314,"One of the best open world games the world has ever seen launches below the normal $60 price, meanwhile Rockstar pulls this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t move of bundling their 2 year old game with DLC or older games or straight up raising the price so the ""sale"" price is the full $60 price. You were one of the good guys, Rockstar, WTF happened?"
,Not Recommended,271590,16198241,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,GØDL337,"bugs... bugs everywhere, loading missions, replaying missions, entering vehicles, etc...main gameplay is too small, i think gta iv was way bigger than this, and the history was way more interestingbtw, offline game is terrible, u will spend 90% of ur time at loading screens and mission instructions are not very clear at beggining so most of players u find get confused and dont have any idea what to do, ruining the mission and ur mood everytime"
,Not Recommended,271590,32437500,Posted: 15 June,all,Probably a Weeaboo (Lolita),C'mon Take Two. Really?
76561198064946653,Not Recommended,271590,32441761,Posted: 15 June,all,BEEVA,Take 2 want to just take all your money without actually improving the game and wants to remove mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32491530,Posted: 16 June,all,Gopnik Randy,"not supporting the community, well this is the community not supporting you"
,Recommended,271590,24517990,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ＤｉｒｔｙＨａｒｒｙ,Pros:-Roman never calls you to go bowlingCons:-Lamar
76561198346895674,Not Recommended,271590,30128338,Posted: 23 February,all,Chad,"-start the game-game loading-online session loading-get out of the shower loading-enter the garage via elevator loading-exit the property loadingfinally, you got out of your house after 5 loading screens. Now you want to do some races.-entering lobby loading-choose your car and wait loading-race loadingrace lasts 5 minutes.-exiting race loading-leaderboard table loading-choose next map and wait loading-above the clouds loadingYou have been disconnected from the session. Going back to Story Mode.-story mode loading-RAGE-exit GTA 5-uninstalltotal playtime: 5 minutestotal loading screen time: 20 minutesI rate it 5/20"
,Not Recommended,271590,24729368,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Kingzogan,"Great Game, horrible company. I've been banned twice now, the first time for TV remotes in my apartment that were duplicating themselves, and the second time for apparently jumping out of an airplane (This is all me guessing the most plausible cause, since you are given no reason).And as per usual, Rockstar Support refuses to be cooperative, even to the point of completely closing down their phone line to avoid having to speak to any frustrated player. Submitting a support ticket, even with evidence of your innocence, results in the same bot response and an immediate closing of the ticket. You should essentially expect to be banned at some point if you buy this game.UPDATE: After my 30 day ban ended, I decided I would play the game once more just to enjoy it before my inevitable permanent ban. And I was entirely correct, because after the entirety of one evening, I wake up to be perma-banned.Based on when I got the violation notice e-mail, It banned me when I was logging off - when I still had a three star wanted level. Oddly enough, my friend who did the exact same thing (but has no bans on his record) can still play the game. Amusing to say the least."
76561198081543264,Not Recommended,271590,32451853,Posted: 15 June,all,MZSci,On behalf of open vi
76561198057515610,Not Recommended,271590,29953034,Posted: 15 February,all,ElectricSoap,"Wrongfully ban people, no thanks"
76561198055618185,Not Recommended,271590,34612437,Posted: 30 August,all,Kingstefan123,I had like 1.7mil but thanks to a correction I now have 52.000.I dont do mods else I would have like 200mil but sure I am a modder.Best anti-cheat just remove the money off people who play it legit.They sure won't view this negatively.Single player is still fun but online is like.... no just no.
,Recommended,271590,18126521,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,TheGrandMaster®,"Created my character, went and bought a mask, robbed a store with a pistol that had no ammo, store clerk noticed gun was empty and shot me several times, then I went home and played GTA, and it was pretty great. 11/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32433807,Posted: 15 June,all,Dr.D,"Take Two is a greedy, anti consumer company. I wish I hadn't bought this. Boycott Take Two"
76561198035894308,Not Recommended,271590,32443376,Posted: 15 June,all,GT Talgin the Kingslayer,"loved this game because of the mods, story was okay i guess, but they killed off the mods and the story and multiplayer aren't worth it so i can't recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,31037311,Posted: 9 April,all,pew pew,*back in mid 2016**links old ps3 account**has fun**quits gta 5**wants to play it again**reinstalls march 2017**see's that his account got banned for no reason**uninstalls gta 5**goes to review page**writes a review*2/10
,Not Recommended,271590,16312813,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Fidel,"I'm just leaving this negative review to return the f*ck you to Rockstar that they keep offering everyone. Why do I keep giving these @ssholes my money? Never again, I'm sick of their b*llsh*t."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448307,Posted: 15 June,all,EXTRA THICC,"This is a truly great game. Why am I giving it a bad review? Because the developer's (Rockstar) parent company (Take-Two) just ruined what made the game so good. I will never, ever buy a Take-Two product again."
,Not Recommended,271590,16317764,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,not ellen page,jerks
,Not Recommended,271590,32439640,Posted: 15 June,all,DorniNerd,"Sorry Rockstar and Take Two, you guys are absoute money mongering disgusting criminals. What happened for games being fun? Being for what the user wanted?as to quote another person ""Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys."" Thusly, I will not play. No matter how much Gunrunner looks so amazing."
76561198213613924,Not Recommended,271590,32432266,Posted: 15 June,all,AwesomeDude333,RIP OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32435535,Posted: 15 June,all,Seed_cracker,This is the worst thing you could have done for this game. Taking away mods is not going to be good for you. I hate that I can't play with mods anymore. F you and all you stand for. Lost all respect for your team.
,Not Recommended,271590,32447000,Posted: 15 June,all,Robot,"This is a pretty long review, be warnedWould like to start out my review by saying I've played 358 hours of this game. I think I have a good idea of what it's like.I'd also like to list my PC specs now and what they were when I originally bought the game.CPU: Core i7 7700K   (Was Core i7 6700K)GPU: MSI GTX 1070 (8GB)   (Was EVGA GTX 960 (2GB))RAM: 8GB, Dual-channel DDR4 @2400MHz (Was 8GB, Dual-channel DDR4 @2133MHz)I play the game at 1080p with 'Very High' settings. (Was High-Very high settings)Singleplayer & ModsI bought this game a while back. Enjoyed the singleplayer until I finished it. Once the story was finished, the endgame was boring with nothing left to do but install mods. As of recently, Take-Two Interactive ordered a Cease and Desist for the popular modding tool OpenIV, essentially gutting the GTA modding scene. This is unfortunate because without mods the singleplayer endgame is pretty boring.OnlineGTA Online is arguably the biggest selling point of GTA V. I'd like to say I enjoy it but I don't.  Everything in GTA Online is purposefully tedious for the sake of making microtransactions viable it seems. Servers are either mostly empty or full of script kiddies. On the off-chance you do get into a mostly full server, you'd better be prepared to be killed repeatedly by players who spent hundreds of dollars in real money to buy all the best weapons and vehicles. I don't have a problem with microtransactions when they're done right but I don't feel they were done right here.I feel GTA Online is a huge victim of power creep & spectacle creep.(Meaning that over the years, new content added has become more powerful and more flashy, making the old content worthless.)Graphics, Sound, & PerformancePersonally I think this game looks great. I did get tired of looking at it after maybe 100 hours and installed an ENB mod.(A mod that changes the mostly lighting and shading but sometimes textures to make the game look better)The sounds are a bit on the weak side for me. I don't know why exactly but the guns just sound dinky and weak to me. The ENB mod I installed fixed this though by replacing the sounds with (IMO) better ones. The game performs well usually with my setup (See top of review). At least 60 FPS in most cases. There has always been a sort of stuttering issue I've had with the game. After visiting many reddit and forum posts I couldn't find a solution to the problem though this issue doesn't seem to happen to everybody.StoryI liked GTA V's story mode. Given that I was a Nintendo child, that doesn't say much. I don't have much else to say about the story. I think most people just bought GTA V for the Online anyway.ConclusionGTA V is still entertaining with some mods but with the Cease and Desist for OpenIV{The developer for OpenIV also created Scripthook)mods may not be an option anymore. The Online experience has been mostly negative and without mods the singleplayer experience gets boring after a while. Overall I don't think I would recommend GTA V.EDIT (6-19-2017)I'd like to clarify that I do enjoy the singleplayer campaign. It can make for quite an entertaining and even sometimes immersive experience though without mods it does lose a bit of playability towards the endgame, like I mentioned. Personally I won't stop playing the game just because mods are gone but it is still a concern to me. That is all."
,Not Recommended,271590,32425980,Posted: 14 June,all,Anime was a Mistake,"Rockstar was willing to euthanise both its single player DLC, and its modding community, in order to fuel a multiplayer mode where the result of skill and hundreds of hours of work is the same as ten minutes and about $200. If we continue to allow these anti consumer practices to happen, then we will eventially just be giving away money for no reason."
,Not Recommended,271590,16312126,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Maximilian,"♥♥♥♥♥move R*, they raised the price right before the sale"
,Not Recommended,271590,16091167,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,BUY BITCOIN IDIOTS,Online is dead to hackers.
,Not Recommended,271590,32448306,Posted: 15 June,all,Kilolima424,Hey Rockstar and Take Two! ♥♥♥♥ you!
76561198041838217,Not Recommended,271590,16318771,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TeddyBearComb,"Online not playable due to hacks , and this summer sale BS Why Rocky Why :("
,Recommended,271590,15447415,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rtgamer,"Rockstar told us the PC-version would be the ultimate version and they were right. I just love this game, the heists, the missions.. everything! 10/10 and it's running smooth. :)Pros:Beautiful graphics and cityOptimized game for pc3 character switchSmooth gameplayHours of funGTA online.Cons:Rockstar SupportNo cloud save for story mode.Rockstar social club integration itself.Taking a long time to load sometimes."
76561198238171522,Not Recommended,271590,31954988,Posted: 25 May,all,Damgingline,Banned for no reason
,Not Recommended,271590,32459226,Posted: 15 June,all,DeepFriedZombie,Mods were this game's backbone.
76561197977858614,Not Recommended,271590,25560001,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Novoc,"Pre-ordered this game straight away when it first came to steam. Been playing it back and forth for 330 hours total. I had a ton of fun playing with friends and just doing stuffs online. Then all of a sudden i got a ban after i got the X80 Prot car (Or whatever it's called). A 1 week ban. I made a ticket and got a automatic bot reply. Waited for the ban to disappear to go in again. Then I notice all my money is gone (they wipe your account when you get a ban) so I started playing a heist with my brother and some friends. On the last part of the heist, I got another ban for 1 month. I still don't know what it is I am doing that's against their rules. I make 4 tickets in hope of getting a reason for my ban and all I get are bot replies. After a while, I manage to do a ticket with the title ""connectivity issues"" and explained that I was afraid to log in cus I didn't want another ban, and this time, I get a reply from a person. This person said ""we do not know the reason since it's a bot that's banning people"" and calmly said ""but you shouldn't be afraid to log in."". I trusted this guy so I logged in after my 1 month ban and managed to play for a day. HOWEVER on the next day I started playing, I got a PERMANENT ban and I still have NO clue whatsoever what I got banned for. Talked with some guys in a GTA group and they said I will most likely not get unbanned. *NOTE* I was NOT modding, cheating or abusing anything in the game at all. Pure vanilla version of the game. *END NOTE*The Game is very fun to play with friends, BUT their anti cheat system bans people for nothing and the Support gives no♥♥♥♥♥♥whatsoever to help or explain what might be the issue.If you can look past the risk of getting randomly banned and having cheaters nuking you anywhere in the world, then you might have a good time. I don't recommend it cus I think Rockstar don't deserve the money when they clearly don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their community."
,Not Recommended,271590,16319193,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BornFlunky,"I recommend the game. It's a solid port. However, while I appreciate Rockstar's effort, Take-Two is absolutely NOT a trustworthy company for PC gamers.So, in addition to stringing along the PC community for years since GTA V's announcement, the countless absurd delays, and now the Summer Sale price gouging?Everyone's missing that all those bundles they're packaging with GTA V? They're non-refundable because they go straight to Rockstar's service.It took them days to decide to abuse and circumvent Valve's refund service. Days.You may have finally made a solid PC port, Rockstar, but unfortunately, your publisher is absolutely f*cking with things any person or company with a shred of morality would not be f*cking with.Edit: Oh, and now Take-Two has decided mods are illegal! Because that's always gone over so well."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443383,Posted: 15 June,all,pelli,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥modding stopped
,Not Recommended,271590,32448296,Posted: 15 June,all,Windows for Workgroups 3.11,"Modding in GTA IV? Sure, sounds like a great time! Go for it!Modding on GTA V? Man, ♥♥♥♥ you guys, who do you think we are? Modding supporters? You're hurting our revenue on a how many years old game rereleased on 3 different generation of platforms. You want to have fun? Why don't you try our microtransactions ridden hellhole we call online? You don't want to pay money for new content that's WAY too ♥♥♥♥ing overpriced in the first place? Well, I guess that sucks because WE'VE ELIMINATED THE ONLY WAY FOR YOU TO EXPERIENCE THESE NEW UPDATES WITHOUT BUYING THEM, SO HAVE FUN YOU POOR ♥♥♥♥ERS.Boy, I hope they don't do this to KSP as well, I thoroughly enjoy that game."
76561198099034689,Not Recommended,271590,32437492,Posted: 15 June,all,tim.wezz,Don't remove Open IV
76561198061928587,Not Recommended,271590,24803851,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Hammer of Justice,-online is filled with hackers-rockstar does nothing-play the game legit and get ♥♥♥♥ed with by a hacker-get banned by rockstar-contact support-they don't do anything10/10 would get banned againDon't buy this game for the online.
,Not Recommended,271590,28809038,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Erif117,"Sorry if I deleted your comment, I rewrote the entire review and your comments no longer made sense.TL:DR at bottomONLY PURCHASE THIS GAME IF YOU INTEND TO PLAY SINGLEPLAYERSingle player lasts about 30 hours and ""GTA: Online"" is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥INTRODUCTIONThe single player story is great and all, but that's not why most people buy this game, they buy it for ""GTA: Online"".EVERYTHING IS EXPENSIVEGTA: Online wasn't always horrible, I'd say there was a time when it was actually fun. In it's current state, mostly everything in Online revolves around the ""Sharkcard"" the micro-transaction item that gives you in game money. All of the cool vehicles and houses/offices/gang buildings, are excessively expensive. In order to get the money required to purchase these items, you need to grind missions for hours on end.""Couldn't you just play Heists?""Heists are great and all, but it's going to take a little more than 2 or 3 runs through the Pacific standard job to save up the ~6,000,000 dollars you need to purchase some of the newest vehicles.""Why not just cheat the money in?""A great way to move into the next pointBANNINGIf you get banned, rockstar will never tell you why. Sure, maybe you know damn well why you were banned, but some people don't. Some people log into their game and have a permanent (or 20 year) ban on their account. And if these people who got randomly banned call rockstar support and ask why they got banned, and if they can get unbanned, they get the big middle finger.STORY TIMEIf you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ skip to the next asterisk border.***************************************************Playing dota 2 with a friend, friend's phone lights up. It's an email from rockstar support saying he violated the terms of service.Friend:""What?""He launches GTA V and finds out that he's been banned for a month. With about 800 hours sank into the game, you could probably say he enjoys playing it. So he files a ticket on the rockstar support website and gets a cookie-cutter email 2 seconds later. Now upset, he contacts rockstar support via telephone.Support: (Introduction: Hello, this is bill with rockstar support.... etc.)Friend gives them all the information they want(Name, email, etc.)Support: ""Alright, what do you need help with today""Friend: ""I got randomly banned""Support:(This is the email response, but most of the employees who work Customer support have a phrase similar to this memorised. My friend called several times and during the call asked if they had the phrase memorised, to which they replied either ""Yes"" or ""Mostly"".)Thank you for contacting Rockstar Support. GTA Online bans are the result of automated analysis related to modding in GTA Online, exploiting or abusing game mechanics, or otherwise interfering with other players' gameplay experience. If you are banned from GTA Online, your ban expiration date is shown in the lowerleft corner after being returned to Story Mode following an attempt to play online. We generally do not overturn temporary bans nor can we guarantee individual responses to any temporary or permanent ban appeals however, we will review the evidence you submitted and take it into consideration. No further information is required from you at this time, and this ticket will close on its own.(I'll refer to this as ""//Cookie-Cutter Response//"" from now on in order to save space.)Friend:""Can I atleast know, why I'm banned?""Suppport: Something along the lines of ""Our banning procedure is automatic and we cannot access why you were banned.""Friend: ""Don't you think your automated process might mess up sometimes?""Support: //Cookie-Cutter Response// (Except friend Interrupts support about halfway through)Friend: ""So what you're saying is that your automated system is perfect and has no flaws whatsoever? And that I can just get banned when I'm not even playing the game?""Support: Generic Apology that makes you feel like a toddler (You know the ones, the ""Sorry, not sorry."" apologies)Support: Addresses that bans can be a result of reports, and thus can happen when not playing the game.Friend: Asks a few other things with no help and then gets transfered to someone else, He asked for a higher up, but I doubt he was actually given to someone ""higher up""Support: Goes through generic intro and gets information from other customer support employee.Support: ""Okay, and what was it you needed help with?""Friend: ""I wanted to know if you could confirm that I'm actually banned for me and if you can figure out why.""Support: Asks for social club ID, mishears the letter ""G"" as ""J"" and can't access the account.Support: Asks for CD Key of game (This is tied to your steam account, and thus your social club ID)Friend: Gives CD KeySupport: Apologizes for mishearing the letter ""G""Support: ""Yes this social club account is banned from GTA: Online.""Friend: ""Can you tell me why it was banned?""[Here's the part no one will believe.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWdD206eSv0]Support: ""Everything here matches up.""Friend: ""What matches up?""Support: //Cookie-Cutter Response//Friend(Interupting the //Cookie-Cutter Response//): Do you have that memorised?Support: ""For the most part, you'd be suprised how many people call in with issues relating to bans.""Friend: ""So you can't help me with my ban?""Support: ""No, and if there's nothing else I can help you with, I'm going to have to let you go.""Friend: ""So I'm just screwed? What if this happens again? I got the one month ban this time, What happens when I get randomly banned and it's permanent?""Support: Something along the lines of //Coookie-Cutter Response//Friend doesn't interupt this timeSupport asks if he needs help with anything, friend says ""no"".Support: ""Thank you for calling rockstar support, have a nice day.""Friend: ""Thanks for nothing.""I'll give you one guess as to what happened one or two months later to spark this review.A good buddy of mine(Not the friend in the story) starts steam messaging me. Haven't talked to him in ~6 or 7 months. Says he's going to buy GTA V. He does it, installs it. My Good buddy, My Friend and I boot up GTA Online.My friend is permanently banned from GTA Online.***************************************************************Nobody likes cheaters, the guy who drives around and shoots everyone with his explosive pistol. Those guys need to be banned. What about the guy who spawns money on himself and others? Well, there's no doubt he's ""Impeding Shark-Card sales"", so ban him. What about the guy who got money dropped on him? Lucky you, rockstar already answered this question, they said they wouldn't.However, it's speculated that you can get banned for selling cars that you buy with money that gets dropped on you. It's also speculated that using some of these programs will get you banned.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=699189421Notice how all the ban reasons are speculated. This is because rockstar doesn't tell people why they get banned. Having 800 hours on a game and not logging in after a major update out of fear of being permanently banned is stupid. But it's what people have to do. That or get banned and have to go spend 60 dollars on another copy of gta v______________________________________TL:DRTo conclude, random bans happen and rockstar won't explain them. Only buy for single player. The random ban is constantly floating over your head. Rockstar support sucks.{Sorry if the end of the review is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think I ran out of characters, so I made cuts}"
,Not Recommended,271590,16316044,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,First Sausage,Ok game until you realize how ♥♥♥♥ing bland it is. The shoddy buisness practices they've been pulling off recently doesn't help either.
,Not Recommended,271590,23784147,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Big Bad Wolf,"Hi.This is about my first serious review, and I'll try to advise you if it's worth it or not to buy the game, based on my personal   opinion.As you probably know, GTA has two kind of game modes, Online and Story mode and I'll judge both.PLEASE REMEMBER, this is my personal opinion and everything is based on what I feel about the game, and I'll undersand and respect yours aswell.- Story Mode -Catchy story-mode.Somewhat fun and dynamic questline.Some nostalgic feels.Balanced prices and easy fun.Huge map, but feels somewhat empty.My opinion -It's pretty standard, same grab this kill that, race this kind of missions, but is it good?From my point of view, it can be fun, though it lacks the "" Gta San Andreas "" vibes, but hey, it's a new game.If you came for the ol'gangbanging drive-by feel, it will let you down, mostly it's big game moves, stealing banks and others.But, apart from that, and that you can't get all the 'online' perks and dlc stuff, it's a pretty fun single player.- Online  -Huge open world, tho some of it lacks content.Huge grind to get money.Almost everything overpriced.♥♥♥♥♥♥ community ( Imagine COD's and Minecraft community togheter, yeah ).Free DLC's but really expensive in-game content.Hackers and modded accounts.Bad servers with huge loading times and frequent lost connections.Weak UI, somewhat challenging to get around.Game-modes feel straight up pushed into the game "" just to add content "".Races are fun!                                       ...kinda.||| - I understand that my views towards the online mode are mostly money centered, but without cash, you can't get around really. You need money for bullets, money for cars, money for houses, money for almost everything, it's the Lifeblood of the game. - |||So in my opinion :The online feels like a massive grind. You'll get around but it just feels like you'll never enjoy the game to it's fullest without money.The community is just random, either they  wont ever bother to talk to you or straight up blow up everything you love and care about.It really feels like a pay to win game.Did I mention the hackers and modded accounts that will make you feel poor?New DLC out! Great! What new content will I try? Oh, I can't really afford any.Alright, I got really side-tracked there, sorry.I used to love GTA, but it feels that they've went way to greedy on everything and basic things that could be done to fix the game or improve it are shunned upon by the creators and instead we are given ever more expensive content to either buy shark cards or grind for 4 hours straight to get ONE CAR. It's just not the kind of game I wouldn't buy, and yes, I regret buying it.-----------------------------Thank you for stopping by, I hope this helped you in anyway, take your time to read other reviews and don't stick with just one, remember this is my opinion and yours might differ from mine.Good luck and Cheers :)"
,Not Recommended,271590,32429509,Posted: 15 June,all,ModishNouns,Not recommended on PC since Take Two have decided to hobble modding by issuing a take-down to OpenIV.
76561198080949114,Not Recommended,271590,32432263,Posted: 15 June,all,Tom Stonehouse,"Take-Two just killed the modding scene for this game dead.Open IV was the main mod that modders used to make their mods. Mods that allowed you to fun things in the single player like spawning in jets or turning yourself into Homer Simpson and driving his car around or enabling moon gravity. I say WAS because Take-Two issued a cease and desist to the mod author. The mod author couldn't fight it, so they stopped distribution of Open IV.The likely reason Take-Two killed this mod that only affects the single player is because there are vehicles in the (god-awful microtransaction hell) online mode that aren't available in the single player. This mod is used for mods that allow you to spawn those vehicles into the single player. Take-Two dislike this because they want to push people to play the inferior online mode because that's where all the microtransactions are. The online is missing a lot of features from the single player but it's the only place you can pilot the Hydra jet, for example. Oh, you actually want to pilot the Hydra jet? You'll have to grind for cash for days or buy it for real money.It's worth noting the single player story for this game is actually great, but the sudden absence of mods is disappointing, the way Take-Two treat it's modding community is disgusting and they way they see their player base is just insulting. All because they weren't happy to have only the fourth best selling game of all time.""We are convinced that we are probably from an industry view undermonetizing on a per-user basis. There is wood to chop because I think we can do more, and we can do more without interfering with our strategy of being the most creative and our ethical approach, which is delighting consumers."" -Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two CEO.""But we're not trying to optimize the monetization of everything we do to the nth degree. My concern is, if you do that, the consumer knows. They might not even know that they know, but they feel it."" -Strauss Zelnick, a man who would love to take every penny you have if he wasn't afraid you'd realise, a man who thinks YOU are too stupid to know you're playing a game where everything is locked behind a paywall.We know, Strauss. We know."
,Not Recommended,271590,16318515,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,blim,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...shady ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s think you can get away with pulling a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ trick like this? You made alot of people disapointed rockstar.I know atleast 27 people IRL who were waiting for steam summer sale to buy gta v.Do math: (59.99-(59.99*.25))= about 45 dollars per game.Now multiply by 27 and you get an easy 1215 dollars. Now you get none of that money because of your shady♥♥♥♥♥taticts.You should be ashamed in yourself rockstar... Such a great game and you have the audacity to pull a gimic like this. I thought pc games had the definitive edition of GTA... Thought wrong I guess."
,Not Recommended,271590,34650459,Posted: 31 August,all,lordparkin,"The game itself is fantastic, no question. However the anti-cheat is false flagging legitimate players, removing millions in legitimate earnings – and Rockstar refuses to acknowledge it.I have lost trust in their ability to track their own in-game currency, therefore it is now worthless to me.Imagine a game where the saves randomly corrupted and reset hours of progress. I would immediately lose all interest in playing further, however good that game was.In the same way, I have no desire to continue playing GTA online until this is resolved. Legitimate progress can be arbitrarily wiped at any time, and “support” waves you off with a middle finger. Why bother."
,Not Recommended,271590,22945187,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,[IN]VADER,"So. GTAV. I cant say Ive ever had a game I both loved and hated at the same time.I'll start off by saying that this game IS good. My negative review is simply because it doesnt deserve such high praise.Everything in this game thats good is offset by something bad, almost always tied directly to Rockstar being greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The world is incredible. Beautiful map, the amount of detail is astonishing. The vehicles are fantastic. Theres plenty to do and see. Its also a NIGHTMARE to play.You'd think some of that over $500,000,000 they made JUST IN MICROTRANSACTION SALES would go into moderating the online play, but that would cut into their profits.It is next to impossible to join a single server that isnt plagued with MULTIPLE modders. Almost all of which do nothing but blow you up, teleport and godmode their way to win events, strip your weapons, and crash your client. Considering the price of EVERYTHING in this game is set by Rockstar to try to make you buy their horrendously overpriced shark cards, Having modders ruin damn near everything in the game that you can use to make money makes it next to impossible to buy anything if you werent lucky enough to have had cash dumped on you ages ago that didnt get you banned. The only modders Rockstar ever seems to even try to deal with are the ones that spawn money, because Rockstar doesnt care about players who are ruining the game, only ones that might make them lose money from microtransactions.Once Rockstar has your money for the game, they dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥how your gameplay is.They even removed the ability to email information about modders in, which could include video footage. Now its just the report button. Which the latest mod menus seem to be able to block from sending anyways, from what everyone says now.I dont regret having bought the game, but its saddening to see Rockstar going the way of EA and so many AAA game devs these days. I'll honestly have to think hard about it on whether I'd be willing to buy a new GTA after this one.I miss the developer that ruined my childhood innocence with San Andreas back in the day. Come back Rockstar."
,Recommended,271590,23457609,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Someone,"┻┳|┳┻| _┻┳| •.•) Rockstar, Are The Hackers Gone?┳┻|⊂ﾉ┻┳|/﹋\(҂`_´) -AH HELL NO! GO BACK INSIDE!<,︻╦╤─ ҉/﹋\﻿"
76561198042840149,Not Recommended,271590,32433810,Posted: 15 June,all,Karlsson,it's like skyrim with bad business practices
76561197993297774,Not Recommended,271590,16316831,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SolarisFall,Stay classy rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,32430753,Posted: 15 June,all,Kapi Fapi,"DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT TO MOD THIS GAME!!!Stupid, ♥♥♥♥ing take two interactive are getting rid of mods completly to boost their micro transactions....♥♥♥♥ you I want my £120 back for buing it on 360 and pc, k thnx."
,Not Recommended,271590,32775225,Posted: 25 June,all,ZLee,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,35270283,Posted: 28 September,all,gingersnipe1,"Until the last update, I would have highly recommended this game, but sadly I would advise everyone to steer away from this game and any other future Take-Two/Rockstar game. I think theifs is the best way to describe these companies. I can confirm to those of you reading these reviews saying ""surely they wouldn't be removing in game funds that people pay $80/£60+ for?"" that it is really happening. I will split this review into two parts; Single Player and Multiplayer.SingleplayerThe story and how it plays out for single player is possibly the best out there. The story is fantasic, and there are very few missions that aren't fun to play. Also, the implementation of an in-game stock market (although not the best thing ever) is really cool to me. Pairing this with missions that allow you to manipulate this stock market, you can earn millions, even billions. But this leads to the issue of there being nothing to spend it on. Singleplayer mode for some reason does not get content from Rockstar's updates. The only way you can access them is by grinding multiplayer for days to afford the likes of one car, however we will get to that.Overall, Singleplayer is absolutely fantastic, except from the fact that after the story there is little to do unless you are interested in mods, in which case you will probably love this game for that.MultiplayerOh yay, this train wreck. Okay, so I have 1,151 hours on Steam for GTA V, with around 1,000 being for multiplayer. I converted my stats from PS3 so likely have around double that. I know what I am talking about with this game. The multiplayer in this game is absolutely trash now. I was always able to look past the grind in this game, but it has gotten to the point now where money is so hard to make, and things are so expensive that it is no longer fun. At all. Rockstar and Take-Two have become money ♥♥♥♥♥s, so much so that they are taking purchased in-funds away for NO REASON and will accuse you of hacking the game. If you refuse to purchase the in-game currency (like me), then you will have to grind. Now, at least in my ways, around 1 hour of in game grinding will bring in, at most, around $300,000, and that's if youre grinding really hard, non stop, and have the most lucrative in game businesses in the game. When starting out, you will be lucky to bring in $100,000 per hour, so as you can see, it's a pretty tough grind anyway. The last update called ""Smuggler's Run"" brought some of the most expensive content in GTA Online to date, with things costing $1,500,000 upwards. I had 2.6 million removed from an in-game challenge called Criminal Mastermind that took me months to complete, getting $10,000,000 from. This was removed because it was ""modded or cheated money"". So, 6 tickets to Rockstar later, I have quite rudely been told by a robot to go ♥♥♥♥ myself and that I'm not getting it back, and that's why I've finally decided that enough is enough with this game.Something that I have always found interesting in GTA Online is that you can buy a yacht - a real calling card, with the most expensive one sitting at $10,000,000. The highest in-game currency you can purchase is $8,000,000, sitting at $100 real money. That to me has always seemed ridiculous for what is already a fairly expensive game.Also, if you want to mod singleplayer, thats fine in their eyes (not really since they shut down OpenIV, a company they supported but hey let's let bygones be bygones), but if you DARE go near their money making method and try to make things fun, you will be banned and stripped of everything you have online.OverallThis review could go on forever, about a game/company that steals from their fans and shuts down companies who they once directed their fans to, but I think it's time to sum it up. For what was for a very long time my favourite game ever, I would highly recommend that you never go near this game, even if you recieve it for free. I will never touch another Rockstar or Take-Two game, and hope that their next game flops and they learn no treat their fans better, however, if you're not giving them money, they hope you ♥♥♥♥ yourself.Update: Went on today to see if I had been refunded yet, and guess what!! I haven't."
76561197970286720,Not Recommended,271590,32529910,Posted: 18 June,all,Marv,No single player dlc released as was previously promised and now banning OpenIV. I cannot recommend this game anymore.
76561198011237216,Not Recommended,271590,16313111,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Vrael,"During the summer sale 2015, rockstar increased the base price to make it seem like it was on sale.Very disapointed in the company"
76561198018623435,Not Recommended,271590,32441758,Posted: 15 June,all,Rozzelsniff,Take 2 is being greedy and trying to remove SINGLE PLAYER mods in order to push online micro transactions. Don't give them anymore money. Vote with your wallet if you despise micro transactions and if you despise this behavior.Money is the only language these developers understand
,Not Recommended,271590,16316051,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Davidson,"Rock$tar thinks it's okay to slap a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bundle that nobody gives a damn about with GTAV so it remains at the original price and call it a ""discount""."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443369,Posted: 15 June,all,Wenos,"F*** this game, do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. They spoilt the Online with sharkcards and now they're spoiling the single player by adding their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""anti modding"" policies... Thanks a lot you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥..."
76561198135494047,Not Recommended,271590,32451848,Posted: 15 June,all,Kozeniauskas,In respect of OpenIV team
,Not Recommended,271590,32523987,Posted: 17 June,all,Lordinou,"HOW MANY TIMES WE HAVE TO TEACH YOU THIS LESSON, OLD MAN ?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32448300,Posted: 15 June,all,stoobs,"Online is a cesspool, and singleplayer just got neutered thanks to Take Two Interactive's overactive legal team in hunt for more sweet microtransaction revenue!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32446999,Posted: 15 June,all,HK-47,Take 2 are trying to kill modding
,Not Recommended,271590,28988923,Posted: 3 January,all,Franciscus Assisiensis,"When I bought this game a couple of weeks ago and playing for a while as a Nice Guy character, I couldn't imagine that GTA Online now is the Stalinist Russia Simulator. Every action may be compromised, even if it it's not prohibited, it may be punished but at the same time some of the cheaters can play loose under the protection of modders and spoil community's life. Who are not protected, but not guilty, who are the real victims will stay in GULAG of ban with real lawbreakers and the whole community would perceive them equally, because they don't have an opportunity to know for what they've been banned. With no opportunity to appeal! And after all of thise in a month I'd have to play with permanent fear, with no certainty that if I play fair I would not be punished?The problem isn't real, until it concerns you or your friends. Mention it please. And it isn't sacrilege, it's reality.Btw thank you Rockstar. You made near fascist regime in your small online world. Bravo...Купив на распродаже спустя столько лет после выхода данный продукт ради онлайна, и отыгрывая там дружелюбного парня, я не предполагал, что ГТА онлайн на самом деле является симулятором жизни при Сталинском режиме, когда каждое действие, будь оно названо запрещенным или нет, возможно будет караться, в то время как те кто действительно портят жизнь сообществу свободно будут существовать под защитой моддера, тогда как остальные будут сидеть в общем ГУЛАГе бана наравне с настоящими преступниками, а само это сообщество будет воспринимать их точно так же. Конечно, как будто не было невинно осужденных. Без возможности оспорить ничего!И после этого когда бан через месяц пройдет я должен буду продолжить играть без уверенности в том, что честная игра не принесет перманентный бан!Проблемы нет, пока она не пришла в ваш дом. Примите к сведению. Это не кощунство, это реальность.Спасибо Рокстар. Вы создали околофашистский режим в рамках своей маленькой карты. Браво."
,Not Recommended,271590,32446998,Posted: 15 June,all,Lutal!ca,♥♥♥♥ YOU FOR ♥♥♥♥ING THE MODDING COMMUNITY TAKE TWO.
,Not Recommended,271590,30037764,Posted: 19 February,all,pregoitaliansauce,"1.I played the game with no cheats or mod2.I really enjoyed it3.Your account has been suspended and your gta online character will be reset4.Ask for help to rockstar support5.An instant replyThank you for contacting Rockstar Support. GTA Online bans are triggered by a number of factors, including modding in GTA Online, exploiting or abusing game mechanics, manipulating protected game data and code, or otherwise interfering with other players’ gameplay experience. All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed. For more information on the GTA Online Suspension and Ban Policy please seehttps://support.rockstargames.com/hc/articles/229514247.6.Hard to determine if i am sad or i am angry right nowSad thing is , even if rockstar cant undo the reset, i asked for a reason why i am banned.They dont give a s**tWont give a single cent to rockstar anymore"
76561197997548202,Not Recommended,271590,16318484,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Roboute Guilliman,Changed the fixed price for the summmer sale. Bunch of bandits.
,Recommended,271590,15531122,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Valkyrie.,"Hey guys, I don't usually write reviews, but Grand Theft Auto V is a game that is absolutely worth it.A game that breaked most impressive records of Guiness Book:Best-selling action-adventure video game in 24 hours (12 milion copies)Best-selling video game in 24 hours (564 milion$)Fastest entertainment property to gross $1 billionFastest video game to gross $1 billionHighest-grossing video game in 24 hoursHighest revenue generated by an entertainment product in 24 hours (including Hollywood movies)Most viewed trailer for an action-adventure video gameMost viewed trailer of an action-adventure video-game (800+ milion views)Graphics1. Graphics texture optimization is absolutely incredible. The game runs smooth on any kind of GPU's and CPU's as long as you can meet the minimum system requirements. By the way, these requirements are actually not that high for a game that has such breathtaking graphic details.2. Graphic details are the best I have seen, especially in an open-world game. If I was to tell you all about this topic, I would probably need to make a coffee to keep me awake for many hours, because boy there are lots to talk about. I'm just gonna write some of the features that stood up for me.a)Day/Night cycle recreation.Sure this is not something new in its essence, it has been done before and not just in GTA, but the way we see it here it's what's amazing. The way the light shifts from one period of the day to another it's off the charts. You don't even realize when the afternoon becomes evening. The only way you can tell, it's that a beautiful sunset light is falling down upon you.b)Rain.Again, not a new feature, actually is quite an old oneBUTthe way it's been reproduced in GTAV ... You can literally see every rain drop falling on the ground and splashing itself at impact. Apart from the obvious, what makes rain so special in GTAV ? Well,THE SOUND. This is something that not many people talk about, yet is one of the breathtaking features of the game.The way Rockstar Games produced the sound in game its mind blowing and it has a great effect on the rain (besides everything else).c)Night time, baby!Sure we had night in GTA IV and even before that, so why do I mention this ? Well, because the city never looked better under the moonlight shadows. I am not talking just about the graphics aspect. What I'm saying is that the night in GTAV gives you the impression of actual liveliness; the whole city comes to life. It's just like in the real big cities when people go out at night to party or to do whatever.3. Cars are the best looking and are way ahead those we've seen in previous GTA's. I'm not talking about a direct comparison, because of the obvious reason (2015-2010) but what I'm trying to say is that I personally wasn't that impressed at the time by the cars/helis/planes in GTA4 as I am now in GTAV.Gameplay and FeaturesOh yea, the gameplay options and features are the best weapon for GTAV to fight against any competitor now and in the years to come.1.Car ControlI feel like thanking Rockstar games for actually doing a great job in this matter. Car control was preety much garbage in GTA IV and for this reason alone I had no big expectations for this new series. Well, I was wrong. The car control is so well polished that it gave me the impression of playing NFS MW back in the day. Besides the control, there is the sound of the car's engine which is perfectly accurate.2.Randomness.Now what in God's name I'm talking about?! Well, have you been driving down the coast or in the mountains or even in the city borders and happen to meed somebody out of the blue crying for your help ? A woman's that was about to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a kid who's bike was stolen, hitchhiker asking you to take her/him home, etc usually for a reward. If you think about that it dosnt sound like a big deal, but baby, this stuff gives GTAV a whole new dimension of impersonating reality in a video game.3.Los Santos Customs.Again, not something new but let me tell you why this one is so damn special. Have you tried modifying the car's suspension? Of course you did, what am I saying! But have you actually paid attention of it's realismAFTERthe change was made? Well, for those who haven't and for the one's who dont own the game yet, let me tell you that this feature is game-making. My favorite car in GTAV is the Grotti Carbonizzare also known as the Ferarri F12. Now think, how am I gonna drive that beast on the city's roads? Especially in areas like Groove, Hilwood, Rockford. These are just some of the areas that have bumpy roads, so you cant really drive a Ferarri in these parts of the town. Well, you can. Modifying the suspension to a higher state doesn't just make for visual effects, but actually changes the way the car handles the bumpy roads, turns, hard turns. BTW, if you move your mouse besides the car while taking a turn, you can actually see the suspension come into play even on lowest graphic settings. For me, this is one of the best things I've seen in this game.4.Activities.Driving, mission making, robberies, flying, hunting, diving, piloting aircrafts, submarines, boats, golf, tennis, cards, smoke weed, racing, playing the stock market. You will never get bored in this game, not even in Single Player mode.There are so many more things to talk about, but the review would be monstruosly long, so In a few words: buy the game, it will be the best investment you have done in a PC game. For those who thaught the review was too long and skipped to the bottom, I can tell you in short, that this game excels in every aspect:: Weapons look so realistic in First Person mode, cars have a mind blowing realistic control, weather has never been better reproduced, etc. GL&HF"
,Not Recommended,271590,32427125,Posted: 15 June,all,Lightning2x,"EDIT: OPENIV has been reinstated, I'm sad that there isn't a mixed option, only a No it's bad and a yes it's good option.>I give the game a thumbs up for the single player, only buy the game IF you want single player / only  see multiplayer as a bit of an addon and the single player as the main game.>I highly recommend you to stay away from this game if you only want to play multiplayer because the multiplayer is ridden with microtransactions and grindfesting.Original review:Take Two is killing it's own game since day one, because rather than allow modders to play on a seperate server where they can mod to their will (this made GTA IV en SA succesful and fun to play) you now have to play a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, microtransaction riddled and super grindy multiplayer game,  where fun doesn't exist because either someone has a hydra or everyone is just doing the same missions over and over and over again. They are basically forcing the modders onto the legitimate servers while they do not want to be there and want to mod with their friends. It has become so bad that Take Two is DCMA'ing any modding team out there because they don't understand what made GTA IV and GTA:SA fun.DO NOT GIVE YOUR MONEY TO TAKE TWO NOT EVEN A SINGLE DIME."
,Not Recommended,271590,16316261,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki,in order to buy the game discounted you have to purchase a bundle instead of the game itself.
,Not Recommended,271590,30477886,Posted: 12 March,all,Arekan,"The singleplayer is great, I highly reccomend it. Don't step into it expecting something serious, the game relies on satire.Online is cancer, don't approach it. Used to be decent to ♥♥♥♥ around in with friends. I decided to check it out after months of not touching it because a friend of mine was getting into it, and I was greeted with a nice big message that meant Rockstar literally took all of my money away from me. The ♥♥♥♥? I wasn't even playing!I can't make decent money because I don't have any of the expensive garages or buildings, which I can't afford because I only have $44k now. ♥♥♥♥ shark cards."
76561198032172311,Not Recommended,271590,32424785,Posted: 14 June,all,awesomedude222,>Rock$tar to hackers in their microtransaction laced online mod: pls don't>Rock$tar to mods for single player: CEASE AND DESIST
76561198058535133,Not Recommended,271590,32429508,Posted: 15 June,all,lordloss98,"Let me first say that I have really enjoyed my time with this game. I have had alot of good times either racing friends or wacking some random pedestrian with a baseball bat.But, as you may have heard (and if you havent heard you must have been living under a rock because jesus the steam reviews have lit up like a christmas tree).Take Two Interactive, the parent company for rockstar games, has sent a cease and desist to a certain mod calledOpenIV. This mod is the backbone of at least half the mods for GTAV, essentially meaning TakeTwo has killed modding in one fell swoop.So, let me ask this Take Two Interactive. Was it not enough to sell three different versions of your game? Was it not enough to shove shark cards down our throat by making online an unbearable grind to the top? Was it not enough to release almost no content for single player forcing modders to take action? Was it not enough to have your game be best selling in steam almost. Every. WeekThe greed here is so obvious, and as such I have a little bit of advice for whoever at Take Two had this marvalous business plan.""I want you to install a rick and morty mod on your game. Take your cease and desist, and shove it way up inside your buthole morty""Toodles."
,Not Recommended,271590,32433808,Posted: 15 June,all,Jamezer13,Oh Take-Two.
76561198043442807,Not Recommended,271590,32446988,Posted: 15 June,all,Tickleschitz,Taking away modding is the worst idea in PC history and that includes creating No Man's Sky
76561198072384916,Not Recommended,271590,32424791,Posted: 14 June,all,A Bird,"Grand Theft Auto 5 In my opinion is the best open world game ever made. (Just Cause 3 is a close second) I think the GTA series as a whole is fantastic, but i have to give this game a negative review for the following reasons.1. The Online mode is a micro-transaction hell, but if you avoid paying for anything with real money. Online is still very fun for doing races, stunt races, and heists with friends.2. Rockstar did a great job making the PC port of this game, but any issues that alot of people are still having have never been fixed since day 1. They really don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about fixing the technical problems for PC.3. TakeTwo interactive (The company that owns rockstar) has sent a cease & desist to the creators of OpenIV the backbone for modding in GTA V and GTA IV. So if you're looking to mod the singleplayer, you're basically out of luck unless you already have it. (See this video for more information:https://youtu.be/0gKlBIPR_ok)4. There have been an increasing number of people getting banned in Online for no reason whatsoever, and when you get banned from Online, that's it. There's like a 0.01% chance you'll get unbannedI personally don't really care for mods, apart from the mods that improve the graphics, but until the state of modding the single-player is back to normal, i cannot reccomend this game in the slightest."
,Not Recommended,271590,32424787,Posted: 14 June,all,Clever Dragon,"Alright Rockstar, I've put up with your sh*t for way too long. I essentially paid $120 for one game on three separate consoles. (PS3, PS4, and now PC). I bought GTA5 for PS3 as soon as it came out, I waited for you to launch multiplayer, I waited for you to fix multiplayer and I've watched the multiplayer become a money grabbing scheme full of micro transactions that make you spend ludicrous amounts of money just to get somewhere in the game. (8,000,000 won't even buy you 2% of the multiplayer content, and that's a $100 of actual money). I have never bought a single shark card from you and I never plan to. I've spent hundreds of hours on your game. I've even put up with you canceling single player dlcs and even firing the man, the legend, Leslie Benzies. But now you have taken it way too far. The ONLY reason I bought your game for the PC was so that I could mod it. I wanted to add some more depth to the single player part of GTA5. I could care less about modding online, I just wanted to get some visual graphical improvements and create single player skits using the Rockstar Editor (which you already f*cked up with your limited range camera...). But now since Take Two has made Open IV (a modding tool that was used for 10 years) illegal just so that you can try and get the few remaining people that enjoy single player with mods to try to switch to your sh*tty multiplayer so you can earn some more money. I have never seen a company more greedy for money. If I could refund this game and the countless hours of my life that I spent on this game I would do so in a heartbeat"
,Not Recommended,271590,32441754,Posted: 15 June,all,Porcupine,"Great game, I literally saved up for my computer to play this damn game, and they have taken away our mods. Screw you Take Two Interactive."
76561198066634394,Not Recommended,271590,33158048,Posted: 2 July,all,AAH G-G-G-GHOOSTSES,"I was recently banned in the online portion for using a SINGLEPLAYER mod menu. seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you Take2. Maybe modding wouldn't be an issue if it were actually possible to afford anything in the multiplayer. You can barely make any money, and they constantly add extremely expensive new garbage to the game to try and entice people into buying those god forsaken shark cards. If you want to buy the game for a good community and general respect of the consumer from the publisher, look elswhere."
,Not Recommended,271590,23175201,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Atlas (DesertedSand),Hackers online can get you banned in a few seconds. Completely unacceptable.
76561198066682748,Not Recommended,271590,32446991,Posted: 15 June,all,Kira Kelsay,"Yo, Take Two Interactive is being a piece of crap and banned modding, so I definitely don't recommend this game. Good luck OpenIV <3"
,Not Recommended,271590,16318504,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Capii,"I do recommend the game, but this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ move by rockstar was a bit lame!!So this is what they deserve right now!....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,271590,16327532,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Signum,"I can't recommend this right now because of the scummy business practices that Rockstar are currently employing. As you have probably read, it is impossible to get a real 'discount' on the game as they have decided to instead bunch it together with a shark card leaving the game with no real discount. Not only does mean that the game isn't really on a discount, it also means that you probably won't be able to refund it in case something goes wrong or if you change your mind because of the unrefundable micro transaction along with it. I preorded this game before it came out, but for players who do not currently own it and are considering it, I would probably wait until this is over. Hopefully Rockstar will see how angry the Steam community is about this and sort it out. Until then, I would suggest waiting. The game itself is enjoyable for the most however, but I can't suggest it until Rockstar sort this out."
,Not Recommended,271590,16316279,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Doppelgängstä,tactical sale dodge detected
,Recommended,271590,15388736,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Filippus,"This is the home GTA V always deserved, but never got, until now.Welcome home. We've all been waiting for you.EDIT: After playing for a while I can attach a more informative review. Will update further when enough time is spent with the story and Online portion.Performance-wise, the game runs relatively well on my GTX 680. I have suffered from an apparent memory leak bug that forces me to shut down the game, but it can be fixed by adding more virtual memory page file size (look it up on the internet). Aside from that, the launch has been relatively smooth for me.The game world is full of detail. Put on sunglasses and you notice your vision is actually tinted. Park your bike in front of an entrance and a guy might shout you to move it. It's really the kind of benchmark-setting experience that makes other open world games look bland and lifeless.In my opinion, the story and mission pacing are far steadier and faster than in GTA IV.Driving is a little bit better, hard to pinpoint exactly what makes it so, but to me it feels more responsive. Shooting can feel clumsy, especially in first-person, and the guns don't feel all that special, but it's still fun.In addition to the updated graphics, the other PC-exclusive features include a custom radio station and the Rockstar Editor. Custom radio station is pretty simple. Add music files to a folder in the Documents, and you've got a Self Radio station in-game. It works, nothing more to add.As for the Rockstar Editor, it's really simple and fun to use. You mainly use markers to change cameras, apply effects, slow motion et cetera. I tested it for a bit and the end result is this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wsQ_Gyd4Y4(I'm planning to make longer and better videos in the near future)The online feature can be a little bit confusing for new players to get into first, since it lacks direction, but you'll get it. Haven't played it too much to comment further, but it's fun to play jobs with friends, although the progression feels half-baked.Thanks for reading my review. I'm planning to report on narrative and more of GTA Online soon."
,Not Recommended,271590,32430763,Posted: 15 June,all,Mr Sneak Man,The fact that Take Two  shut down OpenIV is just awful. No respect for their own community or their own game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32472419,Posted: 16 June,all,Lazyman,Modding is a right not a privilege.
,Not Recommended,271590,32511369,Posted: 17 June,all,otokoyo,Ceast & Desiting the mod community?I'll not be buying any of Rockstar's games again if this persists.
,Not Recommended,271590,23404743,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ironwreath,"Online is infested with hackers, and Rockstar isnt doing anything about it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32457785,Posted: 15 June,all,Unrated,"Lots of hours in this GTA and other gtas as well, take two, this is because of you... NOT RECOMMENDED TO BUY THIS GAME AT ALL"
,Not Recommended,271590,32430768,Posted: 15 June,all,RazorBlade727,They took our mods!
,Not Recommended,271590,16318217,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wandering_larry,Jacking the price up during steam summer sale and then puting a 25% discount on it to make it look like it is on sale .. Absolutely ridiculous and am totally looking into the legality of this
76561198044107913,Not Recommended,271590,16319438,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MrAppleJ,"The game itself is good, but the creators (Rockstar) are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
76561198040781848,Not Recommended,271590,26335686,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Remisso,"Bought this game to celebrate getting university finished for the year.  I did quite well with marks, so I figured it was well worth trying out a game to join some of my mates in the online mode.$60 down the drain.Took 12h to download this monster, and after *wait for it* 4 hours of playing, two of which being in GTA Online, I get banned.I check emails and apparently I violated Terms of Use/EULA, without any specification as to what rules I broke.Sent a request, regarding Ban Appeals to customer service only to get an automated response with copy-paste ""bans are final and cannot be appealed""So, I log in, create a character, pinch an NPC's car, do some missions, buy some clobber (cheap t-shirt, pants, and shoes), I rob a convenience store as just after I vault a fence to escape the cops, I get hit with the banhammer.And because I spent more than 2 hours (read: 4.2 hours) in-game, I am also ineligible for steam refund.Whatever the single player is, I bought the game to play online with my mates.Appalling customer service (i.e. unacceptable lack of customer service) and a solid middle finger.Don't waste your time with this scam."
,Not Recommended,271590,16316330,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,40 % vol. Drink Responsibly.,"Wow, too bad I bought this game already. I will never ever buy a game from Rockstar anymore, since they changed the price before summer sale.Game is good but...well, I am done with you Rockstar."
76561198036668525,Recommended,271590,15343383,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Bioshock,"Grand Theft Auto VWell, I played GTA V before on PS3 and I loved every moment of it,I played it allot on PS3, about 75 hours on story mode and 80 hours on multiplayer.It's not much but as I said, I liked it a lot.So... the moment we have been waiting for!Grand Theft Auto V on PC!I bought it again for PCbecause I want get the best experience that this game can giveand play with my best friends that have only PC.I have GTX 780 Ti and it runs well on it, decent fps.Story mode is greatand characters are even better (like in every R games).In this game, we will have 3 main character[A bit of spoilers]Michael De SantaA retired bank robber, who,after making a deal with the FIB,moves alongside his family to Los Santos,where they live in a nice mansion.Franklin ClintonA young man who dreams of becoming big-time in Los Santos,in a world where the glory days of street gangs has long passed.He works as a repo man for a car dealership,but his ambition makes him tired of the job.Trevor PhillipsIs a mentally unstable guy and bank robber.A former military pilot, he based himself in Sandy Shores,where he founded Trevor Philips Enterprises,which mainly deals with weapons and drugs. (He's my favourite character).Grand Theft Auto OnlineMultiplayer with a lot of stuff to do (if it works).Game Modes- Free Mode - my favourite thing to do in this game!- Deathmatch- Race (including standard, GTA and Rally modes)- Capture- Survival- Hold- Contend- Raid- ParachutingYou can have fun killing civiliansor just chill and ride your car around beautiful places (what I like to do).Heists are additional GTA Online missionsthat you can complete with your friends or with random people.It's really cool and a lot of fun,you will probably enjoy it!So the conclusion isthat you must have this if you're a PC gamer,as this game has almost everything (killing to racing).The verdict is a Must have gamethat you will enjoy playing alone or with friends.As I said thousands of times,it is fun and epic!Enjoy and have fun!My PC components if some one is intrestedOS: 64-bit Windows 7Processor: Intel CPU Core i5-4690K 3.50GHzMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: Nvidia GPU GeForce GTX 780 TiMotherBoard: MSI Z97 Gaming 5SSD: HyperX 240GB"
,Recommended,271590,15548950,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tipster,"Grand Theft Auto VNote: Each field is weighted differently, and thus affects the overall score differently.FieldRatingReviewGraphics9A huge graphical jump from GTA IV, GTA V brings us the city of Los Santos, in grand detail, from the towering Skyscrapers, to the beautiful mountains. You'll find yourself constantly surprised by the level of detail that Rockstar put into this massive world. Gorgeous lighting effects, incredible weather effects, fantastic audio, and smooth animations come together to immerse you in Los Santos on a whole new level, especially when you check out First Person mode. As with most games though, faces leave something to be desired, though they are a huge leap from GTA IV.Gameplay10From raging shootouts, to daring getaways, GTA V is a game that's hard to step away from once you start playing. Fantastic levels of customization for your clothing, cars and hair. The well-written dialogue and voice acting help to bring Los Santos to life as you ride through a bustling downtown, or take a relaxing drive through the mountains. Time and time again you'll turn a corner and find yourself complete surprised at what you find there. You could easily waste hours just poking around the environment. There is something here for everyone.Story7A decent length story to go through, which spans across multiple intertwining characters. GTA V delivers another decent story by Rockstar. Though not particularly enthralling for the first bit, it certainly picks up the pace as it gets further along. You'll meet some fantastically outlandish characters in typical Rockstar fanshion, and get caught up in some ridiculous events. GTA V accomplishes what it sets out to be, a blast from start to finish.Multiplayer9.5This is frankly where GTA V shines the most. A massive improvement upon GTA IV's multiplayer. With the inclusion of Heists, GTA V added a grand amount of depth to the multiplayer, allowing you to set out on multi-step missions with your friends. Or, you can simply cruise around Los Santos and murder as you please. Take selfies together in hilarious places, get in fistfights on top of skyscrapers. Skydive, swim, play darts, tennis, or golf. Watch a movie, go to strip club! Get completely smashed!  Survive an onslaught of Meth dealers, or cops, together! Play it however you want, create the character you prefer with a great level of customization being offered. The only place that GTA V loses points is in its absolutely awful menu system. Creating a private session, much less staying in it, with your friends is a convoluted process that Rockstar hopefully sorts out. Loading times are also horrendous, even with the game installed on an SSD. But don't let that stop you from playing multiplayer in GTA V. It is not an experience you want to miss out on.Replayability10There are plenty of ways to die in Los Santos, and you'll spend a long time enjoying each and every one of them. Especially with your friends. The huge array of missions and activities in the world offer you plenty of incentive to come back and play again and again.Overall9.6/10Though it took Rockstar an absurd amount of time to prepare the PC version of GTA V, it's a slam dunk by all accounts. Easily the best GTA yet, especially when multiplayer is taken into consideration. With massive replay value, great graphics, enjoyable gameplay, and lots more going for it, GTA V is a game that any player would be hard pressed not to enjoy.Also of worthy note is the video editor: Here's a clip I put together of my friends and I having some fun:The ChaseIf you liked this review, feel free to check out my curator page:The TipsterYou are also welcome to join our group and play/discuss games together, here:The Tipster"
,Not Recommended,271590,32449725,Posted: 15 June,all,svg | Renegade,RIP OPENIV♥♥♥♥ TAKE 2 NOT ROCKSTAR
,Not Recommended,271590,16316110,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Shewp,l m a o rockstar great price gouging
,Not Recommended,271590,23651988,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,!Miss101,"You won't find worse customer support anywhere, and at the same time you won't find any other game with as much paid marketeers as this one. Fanboys that will defend their employer till death claiming this game and its administration are perfect.Multiplayer is cancer. A hacker can spawn 500 moneybags on your head and he'll never get detected. There is no way for you NOT to pick up the money as its picked up automatically. The moment you involuntary pick up the money - you're ♥♥♥♥ed.Nowhere on the game or its description or manual does it say that you're required to report the money to be removed by Rockstar. Even if you do go and try to report it on Rockstar's support site - it doesn't work. The submit button hasn't been working in months. You're basically ♥♥♥♥ed.Rockstar uses 3 strikes system which would be okay if they wouldn't ban you 3 times for the exactly the same♥♥♥♥♥♥because they're too mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to revoke the cash you recieved from your first strikeYou planning on buying this for your younger brother? Don't.A hacker will have him banned permanently within a monthDon't waste your money, pirate it"
,Recommended,271590,15367351,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Developers:Rockstar NorthPublishers:Rockstar NorthInitial release:Sept 2013Genre:Action, TPS, Online Mulitplayer#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationThe tennis “mini game” is more mechanically in depth than other games that focused exclusively on making a tennis game. Apparently.. there is even more than just tennis in this game!Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,271590,15439978,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Raptorz,10/10 Would sell AWP Asiimov again.
76561198063030199,Not Recommended,271590,32432264,Posted: 15 June,all,Spadeboy1,"The online basically requires hacked money or microtransactions before it is any fun at all, and they just removed the single player modding scene for it."
,Not Recommended,271590,16327421,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tomate,"Cool game, get your pricing together though, pretty douchy move on the sale."
,Not Recommended,271590,34622927,Posted: 30 August,all,BloodDoll,"Warning: They actually deduct Shark Card money (paid for with real money)  from your account and don't give it back for no reason at all. It's a new issue affecting 1000s of people and in my close to 3000 hours have never had a problem up until now. Support ignores your tickets.  Might be related to something with the update but they won't acknowledge it or fix anything.They also had an event last week paying double, then took that money away too after the event ended from pretty much everyone I know who plays this.This whole thing is actually worse than the last issue since this affects real money purchases as well as 100s of hours of your time/life at risk if you farm money instead of buying it, with clueless support agents closing tickets after giving copy/paste responses.   If this has happened to you, you should copy and paste my review into your own review, add/change whatever you want and send a message to Rockstar Games.It also looks like others are putting up similar reviews. This is a real problem happening right now to both people who earn the money playing normally and people who purchase Shark Cards. either way Rockstar just takes it. Their support can't even give you a true reason why if you continously inquire about it. I opened 5 tickets since and have gotten different excuses as to why they took my PAID for money. None of them make sense or relate to one another. I honestly don't think they even know that this is an issue with the anticheat flagging legitimate players.  I am leaving this up until they refund people their money though. Rockstar shouldn't be allowed to get away with this and do not trust doing anything with this game at this point. No game has EVER taken away money or items I bought with real money, EVER.They could easily fix this seeing that people who poured 100s to 1000s of hours into this game aren't cheaters and return our money.  Cheaters always want fast payoffs, they never learn the ins and outs of games or at least traditionally from the ones I've run into in other games on Steam. They have some hours in the game and all the things they shouldn't have that soon and they get vac-banned. That's the exact opposite of all the people I personally talked to that got hit by this money correction bug."
,Not Recommended,271590,18738072,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,cb >BOFH< [L.T.P.O.],"GTA 5 is a great game! But..Single player mission mode is fun to do and will keep you busy for many many hours..and then you'll discover..  GTA ONLINE, the online multiplayer world..Loading the game and get online takes almost 4..5 min and yes, I DO have fast internet!Often getting online fails, pushing you back to story mode.. making you wait until the storymode is loaded and only then you're able to try to get back online..  :/After you finally managed to get online, you'll see a cool OPENWORLD environment, you can do whatever you want :)Except..  the cheater/hacker problem in GTA ONLINE..They will ruin your game, take away weapons and ammo, spawn crazy stuff on top of you, destroy your cars, teleport you into the ocean or drop out of your plane/helicopter or just set everyone on fire on the server and keep killing everyone until you change server.. and that often doesn't help.So you have to shut down the game and restart again and guess what?  The LONG waiting to get online, including all the failed tries, start again as wellAnd what does ROCKSTAR do about all this?ROCKSTAR does release lots of EYE CANDY projects, but so far, doesn't do a thing about cheaters/hackers.  They don't even react/reply when people mention cheaters/hackers.So.. the game, without all the cheaters/hackers, needs some serious performance fix for online multiplayer, but yeah.. it's FUNBut... there IS still the cheater/hacker problem and as long ROCKSTAR doesn't do a thing about this, I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198028755754,Not Recommended,271590,32460554,Posted: 15 June,all,War Is Peace,♥♥♥♥ off Take Two.
76561198340858892,Not Recommended,271590,32443378,Posted: 15 June,all,AncientOnPotato ( ° ʖ °),Rip
,Not Recommended,271590,23828965,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,isultanlialif,Got banned for using mods in single player.10/10 would get banned again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32449727,Posted: 15 June,all,NSG SwatMax1,BRING BACK MODS!! at least 50% of people that bought gta v on pc did it for the mods! there is no reason to stop it now after 10 years! THIS IS SO STUPID! let them do mods again and stop FORCING people to play multiplayer! just so you can get more money? thats so stupid! you have enough money!
,Not Recommended,271590,16316605,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Aquantis,"Writing a new review now:Online is garbage as stated, no need to beat a dead horseBut the story, the story was abnosultely terrible. Let me just start off with saying, I don't care, didn't care, and couldn't care about the main characters. We start off with a Bank Heist and the main characters are immediately given out as heartless bad guys. I know GTA is about being bad, but hear me out. In 4 I cared about Niko, he was an immigrant coming to America, trying to start fresh, start new, get his life going, live the dream. He has a cousin already established, and that cousin helps him grow. We feel attached to Niko, we care about Roman, the story has it's ups and downs, it's a classic story of trying to do the right thing. Now GTA V, a bunch of heartless thieves with shallow back stories and no depth to them. Why should I care about some random hood gangster, why would I care about a guy who's more than well off and has a comfy home life, why would I care about a batshit insane trailer trash guy? I can't feel for these characters, everything bad that happens to them is because they deserved it. Niko and Roman were trying to make it good, were trying to start new, but these guys, they're just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. And who cares about a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314358,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ryan,Raises price right before the sale.Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,16324048,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jugen,"Anti-modding, anti-consumer business practices and 3rd party DRM. That's all you need to know."
,Recommended,271590,15495774,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,AlecZer,"Another amazing Grand Theft Auto game. Ive been sticking with grand theft auto for 13 years or so now. Still remember the day i ran to the store to get GTA III for my ps2 in early 2003. Ive played all of them and now, including this one. Even tho for some its just a game, for me. Its become a tiny part of my past. Not to sound like a obessed gamer of some kind lol.Its just, if you follow a games developement for so long it becomes something special. Good old Grand Theft Auto :)100/10."
,Not Recommended,271590,32438464,Posted: 15 June,all,puya,I enjoy playing GTA and and don't really use mods but the C&D is a step backwards for everyone.
,Recommended,271590,15571860,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,PugLady,"My first day in Grand Theft Auto V:● I accidently blew up a truck - >Mission failed● I tried to kill and run towards the enemies - >Instantly died● I drove a car - >Got stuck or destroyed the car● I raced with the car - >Did not even finish the first lap while the others finished all of them● I ran after the civilians - >I did not keep up● I went swimming - >I drowned within 30 seconds● I flew a plane - >Crashed it within 30 seconds● I flew a helicopter - >It started to smoke within 1 minuteAnd I still loved the gameNow I got the hang of it and today's experience is:● Awesome radio stations● Awesome strip club and strippers● Awesome tv channels (aliens, furries and all thatweirdgood stuff)● Awesome movies at the cinema● Awesome graphics, lightning and city● Awesome gameplay (heists, missions, races etc)● Awesome hours of laughing and tears● Awesome game, I am still amazed by how the game looks like● Awesome to play with and without friends● Awesome ♥♥♥♥ing story! I have finished the story, it was great! (Way better missions and heists)Also note that:● You can point your middle finger toanyone.If you are on a bike, car, boat, anything!● You can pick up hockers during the night. (Note that they often wear red clothes).● You can easily lose the cops by driving off-road. If that does not work just call creepy uncle Lester♥, he will help you out!Remember, we areallnoobs at first.GTA V is definetly worth the money10/10 cookies"
,Not Recommended,271590,32448289,Posted: 15 June,all,NO NOT THERE,RIP OpenIVYou greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198206375437,Not Recommended,271590,32425975,Posted: 14 June,all,MatrixDoesGame Twitch,Very dissapointed they ordered the cease and dissist on Open IV modding... not happy
,Recommended,271590,15346220,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Sulfurik,Well it is finally here and they were not lying when they said the were optimising it. THEY OPTIMISED IT GREAT! Even if your PC meets minium requirements you can still run the game at 45-50 maybe 60 FPS.
,Not Recommended,271590,19589785,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[RoYaL] Khaled,"Singleplayer is good. Devs tried to make every mission different, there are lots of small details etc.Online is TERRIBLE. First of all, Loading times are 5x longer than story mode and sometimes you will simply keep timing out,Thanks to their idea of P2P and no dedicated servers. There is cheater in every session and half of them will just explode/freeze/crash/do whatever bad to you. Online in general is nothing, but grinding. You need to grind and grind and grind just to get a good weapon/car or whatever you want to buy, because prices are super high. Thanks to Shark Cards! And in the end you will realise there is nothing left you can do. There are no fun things, it's just basic online with some missions.GTA in overall:-Good graphics and optimization-Singleplayer is integrated with online as one .exe. so one wrong move while having mods and you're banned from online.-performance was crippled to ""fight cheaters"", but every session is filled with them.-Rockstar banned both online alternatives (F*ck you, we need to sell shark caeds!"") Look at MTA for San Andreas, GTA 5 would be more fun.....it's a good game, but online and general Rockstar behaviour makes me not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,271590,22643600,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,JOJI,Grand Cheat Auto V Online
,Not Recommended,271590,16327080,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Birbman,"Rockstar had already lost all respect in my eyes, due to putting console sales in front of PC sales. It was quite clear thatconsole users rack up more money and that is exactely why Rockstar decided to wait 1,5 years for the PC release.This company doesn't care about the players anymore.For example: GTA Online is becoming a disaster. The modders totally ruin the game. You can find a hacker in every single session you join. Before, it was a bit better. Now, due to the absence of any anti-cheat, the modders just roam the map and decide to ruin everyone's game experience. Rockstar doesn't seem to care at all.Don't get me started on the loading times. Joining or hosting a mission/heist may take up to 10 minutes. Leaving the game takes time, getting into the game takes even more time. Sometimes the game just fails to connect to Online and puts you automatically into single player, which is ridiculous and takes more time. They should've really made something like SA-MP was - offer independent servers to be rented out, so that people can choose, which gamemode to play.Well, You may check my game hours and say that I am full of crap. I bought this game for Online. I tolerated the loading times and the little-to-none hackers in the beginning of the PC release. Now, I have understood that Online is over-hyped and quite boring, plus, with hackers, it is impossible to enjoy freemode, as I constantly have to put on Passive Mode, to prevent getting killed instantly by an atomic bomb or whatever hacks these guys have.If you really like GTA francise, buy the game after the Summer Sale, as Rockstar decided to grab even more money, before they leave this game. If you don't want to cope with the problems this game currently has, wait for a bit. Maybe in 3 months, they have put a anti-cheat system into Online and fixed the loading times. Maybe."
,Not Recommended,271590,32433786,Posted: 15 June,all,Liver99,I don't mod to often but this is still scummy af
,Not Recommended,271590,29868840,Posted: 12 February,all,Fuccks,was banned 4 weeks back. I didnt know this is such a big problem. I am here to put in my two cents and to let everyone know that i was BANNED. there goes my 382 hours. ALL GONE. POOF... in the air. through the window. and into the street about to get ran over by a semi. and now its flat from being ran over by a semi. this auto ban sucks. also i feel bad for those who logged on with 1k hours. *tips hat*
76561198092371435,Not Recommended,271590,32425971,Posted: 14 June,all,The incompetent artist,"Do not buy this if you want to play mith most mods, Take-Two if you are reading, go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves"
,Not Recommended,271590,32473805,Posted: 16 June,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Nick Crompton,They Removed Mods
76561198061774744,Not Recommended,271590,32540229,Posted: 18 June,all,PitFall,Great single player. Horrible business practices.
,Recommended,271590,23982473,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Glumpfner,My day so far:- Walked around the streets.- Saw a car I liked- Stole the car- Drove around like a crazy person killing people- Police started to chase me- Killed the police- Managed to shake the police- Started to become night- Saw a hooker and honked the horn- <censored>- Went back home- Decided to play GTA 5
,Not Recommended,271590,16316322,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Highclass,"That's not how ""sales"" work Rockstar."
76561198116695563,Not Recommended,271590,32521830,Posted: 17 June,all,Kenny Blankenship,60 dollars grants you access to the wonderful world of microtransactions and a free to play business model.  What a world we live in
,Not Recommended,271590,32460548,Posted: 15 June,all,CF frostt,Very good game that is being ruined by the publishers. Bring back OpenIV you greedy dirtbags.
76561198272328028,Not Recommended,271590,32483667,Posted: 16 June,all,Juictin the prince,Kill multiplayer hackers not single player modders you #####
,Not Recommended,271590,18989288,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,STRIKER,"Take2 took down the Modding Team which was developing on GTA MP. It was a mod that wanted to bring a dedicated Server with feautures similar to SAMP. This was a grandious idea and it would have been the only way to get people to buy this game for a longer periode. The game is dieing slowly, and with no player its even less fun than it's alread is.It has no fun factor. Rockstar decides which features end up in the game and which not. The roleplay in SAMP or MTA had a enourmous count of players. When done right rockstar could have cooperated with the mod creators and sold Mod + Game  for 10$ on steam.But they sleeped as they do now. They could sell server licenses like EA does for their games but for them its only important to make money until they can bring out the next ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc or next title.Don't buy the game in the hope to get an awesome multiplayer experience; you only get 11 year old kids that only played CoD before. You know what that means!They dont let people develope an alternate multiplayer mods but they dont care about the hack creeaters.Petition:https://www.change.org/p/take-two-interactive-software-gta-mp-votez-pour-l-autorisation-du-mod-multijoueur'We buy the games, we enjoy them, we love videogames, but the businessmen just don't care about us. Let's react, together.'"
,Not Recommended,271590,34575798,Posted: 29 August,all,Doktor Vic Tim,"This game's anticheat has gone haywire. Was robbed of 7.1 million and other players have lost way more of their legitimate money.Apparently grinding your own money is now ""cheating"" according to Rockstar."
,Recommended,271590,23500729,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Super Bad,"Most of the online reviews are about online mode. Actually the single player can be give a 10/10. People give negative reviews are the people who buy the game only to play the single player.✓Open world , its fun to roam around the city.✓Fine story✓Can play as 3 characters✓Good graphics.✓Good sound effects .✓ Great sound tracks✓ Single player with all collectables and side missions can be played for a long time.✓ Online is funGTA V is totally worth the price. You won't regret playing single player. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32427099,Posted: 15 June,all,TedCruzsLeftNut,"Here supporting OpenIV - ♥♥♥♥ off, Take Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427113,Posted: 15 June,all,Zakelpimpos,"Take two, have decided that microtransactions and the boring excuse for multiplayer are more important than the freedom of player to play as they wish with the use of mods to change the game as they see fit, if I want to drive around in a ford Mustang from 1967 I will, I'm not going to♥♥♥♥♥♥about with the toxic community that is the multiplayer"
76561198058101056,Not Recommended,271590,32439629,Posted: 15 June,all,Faex,"The only thing worth buying GTA V for on the PC version is modsAnd guess what they did? They cancelled the biggest modding source for GTA IV and V, which is essential for all of the biggest mods out there just so they can get more money on MP."
76561197978091590,Not Recommended,271590,19272657,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Johnny Wonderful,"typical evening trying to play gtaV Online:Log onTry to load onlineSucceed but end up in session on your ownJoin a race loby, but the host decides 2 players is enough (which you don't agree with) and launches the lobby into the vehicle selection screen with no notice and you can't stop himLeave session, possibly take penalty for doing so - which eventualy means you only get to play with people rockstar auto designate as unsocial players (aka not sheep) - after leaving race loby game decides to drop you from online to singleplayer: Connection lostTry to load onlineFailTry to load onlineFailRepeat for half hour, whilst rebooting etc to see if you can get around the game's inablility to work properlyFAILGo away for a while to calm downCome back and decide to give game another tryTry to load onlineFailTry to load onlineSucceedPlay for five minutes and almost forget how broken and half finished this game is before a hacker comes into your session and deletes every weapon you own, or blows everyone up, or kills you whe you're in an apartment, or uses a superboost in a race on the last of 8 laps , and then deletes your weapons again costing you another week's worth of playtime to get the cash to replace them, or invites you to a mission which isn't a mission but is basically a map that he's made himself where he sits in a tank and spawn kills everyone else who are penned inside a fence.In short. They've built a beautiful game with good game play and given it a progressive system where you have to work to aquire and unlock stuff, serious business. But failed to protect the players from the 1000s of people hacking, not for advantage but just to be disruptive.This is rubbish rockstar. Half a job.I don't know much about the single player. It might be fun"
,Not Recommended,271590,32473803,Posted: 16 June,all,LunarSparky,"You screw over my modding, I screw over your ratinghttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,18592725,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,JaCrispy,"Great game if you can actually log into the crap that is social club. Why you have to login to a system that often fails to allow you access to play single player is a nightmare and outrages.i should be able to play this game whenever I choose, not have some stupid server stop me from playing single player because it won't let me login.Ridiculous"
,Not Recommended,271590,16316061,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,noodle,Silly Rockstar xD
,Not Recommended,271590,32433793,Posted: 15 June,all,maca134,"DONT PLAY THIS, ROCKSTAR ARE AGAINST SINGLEPLAYER MODDING!"
76561198036321645,Not Recommended,271590,32432262,Posted: 15 June,all,Superrome77,"Take 2 single handedly destroying this great game.Focous on dlc and microtransactions with no mods,I had no idea I was playing a mobile game..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32573343,Posted: 19 June,all,Recondite,Community genocide.
,Not Recommended,271590,31267799,Posted: 20 April,all,Fence Dirt,"I love this game. I absolutely love this game and the whole Grand Theft Auto series. But now, every single time I play GTA: Online I encounter hackers and modders which ruin the whole experience for my friends and I. I also feel that this has gone on for long enough to warrant a negative review. Get your sh*t toegther rockstar. I lova ya, but come on. This is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,271590,32653973,Posted: 22 June,all,Blake8MyConsole,Was good when it came out.... but then everything went downhill from there.... Everyhing is 5bijillion dollars and there are no mods for the game as well as missions being made overwhelmingly annoying so that you dont even want to try to play the game legit... so i can not recommend this game whatsoever
,Recommended,271590,15411813,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Muzlu Süt,I walked 2 minutes in the rain.. and i actually get wet..10/10
76561198037962251,Not Recommended,271590,32427106,Posted: 15 June,all,Jackass teh Sonya worshipper,"If you were thinking of buying this game for mods, dont it's """"illegal""""♥♥♥♥You take two interactive, ♥♥♥♥, you. you wonder why your servers are always attacked? its not some ♥♥♥♥♥tain basement dweller. its hacktivists telling you to stop your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ you had possibly THE best seller of all time. as if it wasn't bad enough to ruin the online scene with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥y shark cards. NOW you attack people for trying to ♥♥♥♥ing enjoy the game they bought a license for, PURELEY FOR ♥♥♥♥ING MODDING!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32468580,Posted: 16 June,all,pwookie,GTA online full of hackers. Take-Two kills singleplayer mods which don't effect online. Makes sense
,Not Recommended,271590,32460534,Posted: 15 June,all,firepilot24,"I've spent over 1,000 hours swapping between modding and online (Mostly modding  in single player) And I will tell you now if you can't mod this lord forsaken game, there's no reason to play at all let me explain.1. Online is a piece of misused, over exaggerated, deceptive cow and moose hybrid of excrement. I say this because of all the bull.First, CEO MC and the new gunrunning mission can't even be done without jet grievers and  boys without a male reproductive system blowing up your 25 mph truck your forced to drive to deliver whatever type of cargo.Second, the complete despicable scams of shark cards. No joke Rockstar has begged us to by their sharkcards to the point they probably would give us a BJ for them. The shark cards ruined GTA  online as a whole. Honestly these shark cards can go gobble on a turkey's balls.Thirdly everything is to expensive for the amount of money you make. GTA has basically become Clash of Clans with the amount of grinding you have to do for the amount of money you get which is smaller than Kim Jong Un's special member.Now onto the modding spectrumI can estimate at least 800+ hours of my 1,218 hours playing have been on modding.I bought the PC version just to mod and I'm sure most of the other people have to. Then Take Two Interactive wants to shave everyone's pubes all the sudden by making modding ILLEGAL.At least don't make it down right illegal cause we all know it ain't you inbred, pubescent, dilapidated, rehabilitated, lust for money more than Eve lusted for the apple, selfish company.I already have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at Rockstar for the longest time with the sharkcards and overpricing of things then they do THIS? People at openIV spent so much time working on their software to make OUR experience as a community better and Rockstar nor Take Two have no consideration for us?It just appals me to see that as soon as a company gets enough power and trust by the faithful and loyal gamers, they think they can do anything to squeeze a little more money out of the cow's nipple but no. DO NOT let these communist pigs win. Boycott GTA Online or if you still want to play it DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT buy anything. It might be hard to buy nothing but you must so we can show Rockstar that just because we aren't rich people, that doesn't make us peasants with no power.So do you stand with me, the modding community, and GTA as a whole, or are you gonna be a fat communist pig and join Rockstar's and Take Two's giant circle jerk????  Cause I know I ain't Ima show Rockstar how to really jerk after I slap them with my two scents"
76561198153413143,Not Recommended,271590,29651408,Posted: 2 February,all,Scarrod,"I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!After speaking to the Rockstar Officials about mysudden permanent ban they can not help me get it unban,nore could they tell me why I was ban.The Official had saidand I quote ""You will have to buy an entire new copyand create a new account.""This tells me that they ban you then say the can't unban you sothey make more money off you for buying new game coppies.To top that all off they have an awful customer service, to which theextent of your complaints get a bot that sends you an email the verynext second after posting it. I do not recommend GTA V to anyoneunless you enjoy having your wallet emptied."
,Not Recommended,271590,17488354,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hyperi,"Rockstar banned developers of FiveM for making own independent multiplayer mode. How to justice that? So these guys cant even open singleplayer any more..!Rockstar failed at they own gta online thing, its full of hackers and instant connection problems.. Look at the mirror Rockstar! How dare you!Its funny when fans of the game make a better online experience than the original does.. And this is what u do for them?"
,Recommended,271590,15397842,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mofon,10/10 Would sell csgo skins again
,Not Recommended,271590,16326448,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Leon,"The ""sale"" of the game isn't actually a sale, it adds a worthless piece of in game money on top which can only be used in GTA:ONot only does this mean that you don't actually get the game for any cheaper, it also nullifies your ability to get a refund as the shark card (money) is redeemed instantly... it isn't even much money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32463871,Posted: 15 June,all,Asaayu,"Taking down OpenIV is like taking out your own spine, all your doing is killing yourself."
,Not Recommended,271590,16326342,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cupressi,"Anti-consumer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198046815592,Not Recommended,271590,15602910,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mr Nibbles,"today i tried 3 death matches, and i encountered 3 hackers,. 1 in every match. For a game thats been out this long thats unacceptable. i want a refund for this crap."
76561198118021839,Not Recommended,271590,32456344,Posted: 15 June,all,Commander_Vex,"♥♥♥♥ off Take 2 with SHUTTING DOWN MODDING, ♥♥♥♥ OFF WITH YOUR GREEDY MONEY GRABBING HANDS.#BringModsBack"
,Recommended,271590,15372548,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Prommah,"The first thing I read was a tooltip telling me to call a contact called ""Blimp"". I did this. I ended up hiring a blimp.I didn't know how to fly, so I accidentally flew into controlled airspace.I was getting shot down, so bailed out assuming I'd have a parachute.I didn't have one.I landed in the ocean and survived.I didn't know how to swim.I drowned.Playing fetch with my dog Chop.Threw the ball at a pedestrian to see what would happen.Pedestrian gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I accidentally pull out my shotgun.Pedestrian runs away in fear.Suddenly my dog decides to chase him down and maul him.The pedestrian dies.Go back to playing fetch.2 minutes later an ambulance arrives for the mauled guy, runs over Chop.Karma is a ♥♥♥♥♥ :'(I love this game.More seriously though: I've played every GTA since 3, and they've all been fun but only for a short amount of time. I only did missions for the sake of progress and to get new stuff. I never cared really. Not the case with 5 at all. I haven't come across a single thing that I can point at and say ""that's not good"". The depth and attention to detail with every single thing is incredible. The character switching really keeps the singleplayer fresh too. Every feature/facet/minigame feels equally or more detailed than games that focus on those specific things alone."
76561198010315582,Not Recommended,271590,23435533,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Von Toasty,"Good game.The interface for online play is a headache.Full of hackers and the wrong people getting banned.Single player is funMultiplayer with friends only is fun... if you can manage to navagate the crappy menu, If it lets your friends connect, if it loads right, if it stays a private game, if you can find the missions you want to play, and if you dont get banned for no reason.Side note, never play public games, and of course dont cheat and you probably wont get banned. Most of my friends and I have been lucky in that reguards.I do not reccomend it at all for $60. its a $20 game at best.Shark cards are a rip off, and dont support pay to win games."
76561198116602504,Not Recommended,271590,32427107,Posted: 15 June,all,Cr4pitalist,"Played online, got ban, realized online is awful pay2win hourse♥♥♥♥♥♥so went to moding singleplayer, then modding got banned so fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck TAKE TWO MUCH OF OUR MONEY."
76561198064502476,Not Recommended,271590,32469811,Posted: 16 June,all,EpicJones,Until Take Two stop hoarding up money - the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s - then this game gets a negative review...
76561198020898965,Not Recommended,271590,32429486,Posted: 15 June,all,DiciWales,RIP OpenIV.Money hungry Take Two! Can't mod this any more RIP GTA
76561198042524385,Not Recommended,271590,32464896,Posted: 15 June,all,MochaPuffin',Removed modding of this game
76561198039976519,Not Recommended,271590,32430769,Posted: 15 June,all,DarthDrew1988,"I would say that this ""game"" was good however whilst graphically its good, the story is a little lacking, features are lacking, the size of the map and the amount of stuff you can do is lacking. To me GTA V and GTA IV both miss the point especially when you consider that in my opinion Vice City had the best story and San Andreas (with CJ) had the best content, best map and the amount of things you could do was immense, going from these to the likes of GTA V seems like a step backwards.Not to mention the now ""pay to win"" attitude to GTA V online, (not that you have to it's optional) paying for ""shark cards"" to get money to buy the latest stuff which is always over priced rubbish is extreme, for those such as myself at grinding missions to get money to pay for stuff is stupidly rediculous.And now in recent days (due to a Nerd3 video uploaded on YouTube) a silent announcement  from R* (or should I say BS*) about the ""cease and desist"" demands for the modding community on the PC versions of the game... are they idiots? You get games like Fallout 4, Skyrim, Minecraft, Hearts of Iron 4, Cities Skylines and a whole heap of other games from different genres and backgrounds allowing you to mod them, yet BS* comes along and wants to stop all over that?! Either one or two things are going to happen, they are going to make you pay for mods yourself (I can see them doing this personally because they already rip you off for a stupidly reskinned plane) or they don't want people making their game more fun or the game it should have been!Magazine reviewers gave it 5/5, 10/10 or whatever percentage.I give it 1/5, 1/10 and 3%"
76561198065876179,Not Recommended,271590,32457766,Posted: 15 June,all,☭Fatman670,"Of all the things Take Two can do to improve GTA V such as remaking the anticheat to stop banning innocent users or reforming the online economy to make achieving progress less of a grind. Take Two instead chose to attack a SINGLE PLAYER, modding tool, essential to the changing of 3D models and textures for use in SINGLE PLAYER gameplay, therefore ♥♥♥♥ing innocent users who may have bought GTA V purly for the prospect of playing mods.Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you, Take Two Interactive."
76561198061287510,Not Recommended,271590,32473793,Posted: 16 June,all,Gamer4Life,"It was great, now its not. Take Two ruined it for some quick cash."
76561198067402273,Not Recommended,271590,32476836,Posted: 16 June,all,WayToSpray,this game is falling apart like my marriage
,Not Recommended,271590,32475336,Posted: 16 June,all,Sindre,"Take-two has basically destroyed the modding community by removing OpenIV - the core of most mods. It does not interfere with online play, follows the rules of reverse engineering and does not distribute any data or codes that would negatively affect their game."
76561198121790457,Not Recommended,271590,32459209,Posted: 15 June,all,GY,"My respect for Take-Two is now lost, in their recent action of C&D-ing OpenIV they have removed the main selling point of the PC port of this game and so its no longer worth reccomending."
,Not Recommended,271590,32451837,Posted: 15 June,all,-DDP-JoeTheLubricator™,I am writing this review as a result of take two basically declaring mods illegal. ♥♥♥♥ them. Dont buy. boycott
76561198023360474,Not Recommended,271590,32475341,Posted: 16 June,all,MALAKA,"Way to go rockstar punish the offline goddess for nothing, openiv cannot be used online to mod and you know this..... congratulations on ruining offline play in favor of making your money online from shark cards. If any of you are looking to buy this game because of the offline mods then don't buy it seen as rockstar seems dead set on getting rid of them."
,Not Recommended,271590,33414203,Posted: 9 July,all,Gerado,"it was fun before the dlc's stuff became so expensive, missions are boring and they don't give good money. Singleplayer is awesome but Online is♥♥♥♥♥♥nowadays."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314752,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Voodoo Bone,Eff rockstar and it's price changing.
,Not Recommended,271590,32429502,Posted: 15 June,all,ToastieJack,No mods = no fun!
,Not Recommended,271590,32429500,Posted: 15 June,all,Magic Of Lolis,"No mods, no fun."
76561198058372453,Not Recommended,271590,32472385,Posted: 16 June,all,Dsync,"Give us back Open IV, you cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32456339,Posted: 15 June,all,codyvidal,You can't just ♥♥♥♥ing kill a modding community and get away with it.
76561198118215660,Recommended,271590,15761581,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Noitroba,It took 2 years and 4 delays to write this review
,Recommended,271590,15413583,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Jyyells,Pros:- No RomanCons:- Lamar11/10
,Not Recommended,271590,16329185,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Don Coleone,"Save yourself the money if you are buying this for Multiplayer. Constant loading, time outs, crashes are a norm."
76561198041667180,Not Recommended,271590,32441752,Posted: 15 June,all,Jetstreamer,"GTA V used to be an amazing game, and it still could be. There are so many things that you can do...or at least that's how it appears at first sight. Everythime you think you can go do something fun there is a huge pricetag attached. Sure, you can pay for it with in game money, but it is insanly expensive and can take weeks of farming cash and jobs just to get enough money. They push you to buy in game currency with your own money, even though you already purchased the game. (most likely at full price) BUT NOW, they take it a step too far; they are declaring all modding (on single player) to be illegal! However, there are still hackers and cheaters running rampant through the online mode! Most people bought GTA V on pc because they would be able to mod it, and now it is being taken away! So listen, even though there is a lot of fun to still be had with this game... you need to rebel and dislike the game. We, the gamers, need to show them that it is unacceptable to suddenly take away such a large part of the gaming community!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32441749,Posted: 15 June,all,Assassinbatosai,"This is a crucial point in gaming history, make sure it goes in our favor. After the continued failures of this years E3(save for a few things) this is just one more straw added to the long broken and dying camel. As much as I love playing games from these big developers I can't sit by while they continue to gouge us for everything we have."
76561198022598453,Not Recommended,271590,32429490,Posted: 15 June,all,xI-Crimson-Ix,Take two have killed the single player modding comunity to push there horid microtransactions in online mode beacause one of the best selling games of all time isnt enough for them well guess its time to free up the hard drive. UPDATE: Apparently they have also shelved the chiliad mystery for an indefinately
,Not Recommended,271590,32429488,Posted: 15 June,all,Commandolemon,0/10 No mod support.
,Not Recommended,271590,32459216,Posted: 15 June,all,Deal With It ;D,This game banned my friend who was not hacking for obtaining large amounts of money from CEO missons. 0/5 rockstar sucks asssss.
,Not Recommended,271590,32469788,Posted: 16 June,all,Fiskmacka,Make modding great again
76561198135776767,Not Recommended,271590,32459214,Posted: 15 June,all,JPlane,NO MODS?? WTF Take Two??
,Not Recommended,271590,16326463,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Minister Without Portfolio,Rockstar's business practices are shady enough to make Simeon weep.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437480,Posted: 15 June,all,Xips,Ruined by cashcards and anti modding policies.
,Not Recommended,271590,32479955,Posted: 16 June,all,Erebos8,"No Mods, No Money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32463866,Posted: 15 June,all,Pendere,Gtav online is about long tedious grinding or buying shark cards. Singleplayer is gutted with Take Two ending the basic backbone for the modding scene. This game is now just made so you can buy shark cards to actualy enjoy moderately nice looking things that rockstar makes. Instead of enjoying a an awesome mod that the userbase made for free.
,Not Recommended,271590,16326216,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zanturo,"I'd reccommend the game if it weren't for their summer 'sale' practice, despite their almost unplayable multiplayer.Seriously, if you want to play multiplayer, have three friends to play the game with because it's practically impossible otherwise.And the summer 'sale' crap they're pulling is borderline illegal in a lot of EU countries."
,Not Recommended,271590,32456336,Posted: 15 June,all,🆆🅸🅽🅺🅾🅽🅴🆁,Roses are redviolets are bluesomething something♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two
,Not Recommended,271590,32432251,Posted: 15 June,all,JayWhyWhy,Take two removing the abilty to mod gta5 is an huge slap in the face to their pc player base;this is not getting unnoticed.
76561197970370270,Not Recommended,271590,32473785,Posted: 16 June,all,Feels Bad Man,"I wish I could recommand, but cash-crabbing anti-consummer practices if always a NO.FeelsBadMan rip mods"
76561198176817439,Not Recommended,271590,32464888,Posted: 15 June,all,Ɩsǝɥƃnɥ‾xǝl∀,Cash grab kills community
76561198055631182,Not Recommended,271590,32429453,Posted: 15 June,all,Byota,"Take-two are now banning mods on PC, when all they do is enhance the fun, and that is what video games are about fun."
76561197965478715,Not Recommended,271590,20047285,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,-[CST]- Meticulous7,"Such a beautiful game. A game of such depth and scale it overwhelms ones mind to even attempt to think of the development complexities involved. One that is the product of years of slowly but surely tweaking and refining the wildly successful GTA/open world formula. It once again pushes the envelope of what an open world game can and should be...... All to be ruined by hackers. Rockstar, you should be embarassed by your blatant failure at even pretending to handle the hacking epidemic that is the GTA 5 multiplayer. They are everywhere. Do something about this and I'll edit my review to positive. A company that devotes  almost two additional years of development to a PC port obviously cares about the platform, so please do not abandon us now. Clean up the hackers.*UPDATE*Well, over a year later and Rockstar continues to ignore the problem and ban legitimate players.Again, stop calling them mods and modders. If you are referring to playing the single player, by yourself, and altering the game, then yes, that term is correct. However, in multiplayer, running a program that directly effects and disturbs the gameplay for all users in a multiplayer environment IS NOT ""a mod"", it is a cheat/exploit/hack.Mods are meant to alter or improve a single person's experience, customize skins and textures, add features to the game that the devs didn't think about, etc. They are not meant to disrupt online players and THEIR experience. That is called CHEATING. Calling them modders makes it sound less insidious and more innocent then what is happening in this game. A single hacker/cheater/exploite, will quickly demolish a server or fill everyone with cash so they get banned blindly by Rockstar. Immediately the joy of playing such a brilliantly crafted game with your friends and strangers alike goes right out the window.Calling what people do in this game a ""mod"", when referring to the multiplayer game, would be the equivilant to calling a Counter-Strike aim bot or wall hack a ""mod"". The reason it is not is because it gives a single player a distinct and completely overpowered advantage against others in a sandbox environment where everybody is supposed to have a chance to work their way up.So a year and a half later, and Rockstar doesn't give a damn. I've been a life long Rockstar customer, but if they don't get this together by GTA6, then Rockstar will never see another dime of my money. Ever."
,Not Recommended,271590,24747130,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,󠀡,"Don't buy this game. You'll get banned for god knows what and then there goes playing online.The Support is nonexistent, there's a bot who I just adore he's named Zendesk and he's so helpful with his copy paste♥♥♥♥♥♥and closing down tickets that you can only create in 10 hours. Don't buy guys.. Just don't, not worth it."
,Not Recommended,271590,16327295,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,hatoiz,"hail satan 666changed price before summer sale, greedy ♥♥♥♥ers reported 4Head"
76561198069290082,Not Recommended,271590,32596575,Posted: 20 June,all,Lonk,"If something so basic to PC gaming such as modding was deemed illegal, then Rockstar should be boycotted."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448292,Posted: 15 June,all,Exiled Scotsman,Nice ♥♥♥♥ing job TTI/R*RIP OpenIV
,Recommended,271590,15750609,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,DimDiDima,"Great game, truly amazing compared to full priced garbage these days, free DLC and more. I am very happy but not surprised that the game runs so well! Most likely because it's a parallel developed PC game and not a lousy port.The missions in this game are extremely fun, the heists and the story is very interesting surrounding these three men. I did not skip a single cutscene.The Online portion of this game feels like an MMORPG, you level up, gain money and buy transport, weapons, clothes and your very own apartment. Rockstar is constantly developing content for Online and so far the best update for GTAO that has ever come out is the Online Heists. Well, Online freemode with randoms feels like World War 3 so I suggest you play on Invite Only lobbies until you get a decent level.Modding is supported by Rockstar which is great but keep it outside of Online, you don't want to get banned. .dll injectors and such stay away from them since they're classified as cheats. ONLY MOD OFFLINE!I know I didn't review this game like AngryJoe. However you don't really need me to tell you how great the game and the PC Version is.Totally worth the wait."
,Not Recommended,271590,32430752,Posted: 15 June,all,Qubicx,Rip OpenIV. The main reason I play will be gone
,Not Recommended,271590,32439631,Posted: 15 June,all,cym999,"they are killing its moddong seine so if you bought it for mods, dont, they are forcing people to gtaonline so they can give you a ♥♥♥♥♥♥erversion that you microtransation for most everything"
,Not Recommended,271590,32509615,Posted: 17 June,all,Colonel Nappi,In support of modders.
,Not Recommended,271590,25472018,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kime,Too many hackers
,Not Recommended,271590,32472378,Posted: 16 June,all,Hospital Bus,"Modding this game just got a whole lot harder. I wouldn't buy this game if you're buying it with the intention of modding it, Take-Two and their anti-modding stance have ruined it for everyone.R.I.P OpenIV"
76561198041138710,Not Recommended,271590,32466171,Posted: 16 June,all,Das Fruddster,"I have now formally uninstalled GTA V, for a few reasons. Primarily I uninstalled the game due to the take-two modding debacle currently ongoing. This was the final culmination in the online section of the game, which has been for a while a micro-transaction hell-hole of hackers, cheaters, and people with wallets so big they can afford the £100+ needed to buy everything you could possibly want in a game you bought for £60. The micro-transactions have now made the online near enough unplayable. If you want to win races, you need a car that can only really be gained by purchasing in game currency. If not, you have a very, very long and repetitive grind ahead. It's ridiculous. If paying £60 for the game three times.... Xbox 360 and One, and for PC, isn't giving the company enough money, they ask for £50 every time you might fancy having a new appartment... Or clubhouse, office or warehouse for the latest DLC packages which are now clearly for nothing other than financial gain. I can not recommend buying the game if you want to play single-player as a modded version, and only play the online mode if you are either a:stupidly wealthy, or b: lacking in anything else to do other than vegetate over a grind for not enough money to progress."
76561198155230658,Recommended,271590,15413830,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,MAHINANG_NILALANG,Very well optimized for PC! consistent 60 FPS. It's really worth my money.
76561198012606877,Not Recommended,271590,19170490,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[40-1]FrozenDreams,"First off the single player is a brilliant game but this review will be about the multiplayer.Rockstar are not activly hunting modders they only ban via reports and collected information. And then have a ban wave like every 2 months.Every lobby has on average, 4-5 modders but not all let you know it some are careful. Its rockstars fault they have been caught with their pants down but they really dont care because they have made millions and thats all they really care about :).Online is a total disaster. They should be forced to refund anyone who has purchased a shark card its a total disgrace, As a modder can spawn millions with a press of a button, Its like your local computer shop selling pc's at full price to the normal customer but leaving the back door open so anyone can steal them for free!The modding gets worse and worse as people realise the only way to attempt to have any fun online is by modding yourself for protection and god mode to avoid being blown to pieces every 30 seconds.Single Player 9/10 GTAMP 5/10"
76561197994580554,Not Recommended,271590,32511361,Posted: 17 June,all,burningicecube,"With the recent attack on the modding community, I can not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32471017,Posted: 16 June,all,Lamb,Because let's ruin the only reason why people buy GTA5 for PC.
,Not Recommended,271590,19372234,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ken Kaneki,Welcome to Los Santos 99% of the population are hackers
,Not Recommended,271590,32687015,Posted: 23 June,all,Blue Cobra,"GTA V on its own had a lot of content from the start.GTA Online felt initially a bit grindy alot like they were pushing towards Micro-transactions.Then they kept pushing and pushing and pushing.And now we have the state we have now, all the assets you want to get in online cost a kidney or a part time jobs worth of time to ensure that you have enough money to buy a useless cool looking part of the game.They pushed this stuff for ages and ages. This game came out 5 years ago and they're still milking itNow why i am giving this a negative review. The Lawsuit, The censorship, The Threat whatever you want to call it that was the Open IV debarcle.Take Two one of the giants who made the game Threatened Open IV to stop harmless single player modding of GTA V and this was part of their regime to keep flooding in more ridiculous content that more people will spend more money on more shark cards. They're pushing to make even more and more money out of a singular Online feature of a game. GTA V Online makes more money then triple A titles make on a release, Just through micro-transactions. This by all of the definitions don't make a game. It makes a pay ridiculous amounts in unfun missions, or hand your wallet over.EDIT : If my point was not stated enough R* just realeased their newest GTA Online cash grab... more ""content"" updates. as of 2/09/2017."
76561198093230351,Not Recommended,271590,32469823,Posted: 16 June,all,Xanthis101,♥♥♥♥ YOU TAKE-TWO!
,Not Recommended,271590,32527930,Posted: 17 June,all,DERPotatoes,Bad business practice should not be supported.
76561198172067218,Not Recommended,271590,32482898,Posted: 16 June,all,Nessy,All aboard the hate train  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
,Not Recommended,271590,19275405,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Nik Trajkovic,My GTA V Online Experience:>after a long day at work i feel like playing GTA Online>takes car out of garage>gets killed by hacker>respawns and gets killed again>finds new server>gets car out of garage>hacker teleports inside my car>changes the colour from black to yellow>dissapears and blows my car up>finds new server>drives car for 5 minutes>gta closes unexpectedly>tries to re connect to rockstar>rockstar is unavailable at this time>tries to connect two days later>plays gta online>starts to rob a store>hacker teleports to me and kills me>respawns and tries to rob another store>hacker kills everyone on server>gta closes unexpectedly>ragequit>uninstall.
,Not Recommended,271590,32430747,Posted: 15 June,all,WinteryParsnip,"On behalf of the OpenIV and other modding teams, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32475322,Posted: 16 June,all,Intergalactic Motmot Stripper,Rockstar just released a statement supporting Take Two in attacking honest Mod Makers. This sort of behavior is toxic to the PC gaming scene and should not be tolerated.
76561198031386304,Not Recommended,271590,32541842,Posted: 18 June,all,WhiteBeard,Do not buy this if you want some (unlimited in fact) singleplayer replayability with mods. Take-2 ruined all of this. I won't buy anything implied with take-2 since the end of this shame. Boycott take-2 if you can.
76561198037533460,Not Recommended,271590,32469810,Posted: 16 June,all,LokneTarn,Just jumping on the support wagon. I want my mods(not multiplayer
76561197970918941,Not Recommended,271590,32519363,Posted: 17 June,all,Darkstrykr,Hates their own community... Don't support them!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32432249,Posted: 15 June,all,Ruler Money Gustaf K Sledge,"Take Two. The company that sucks so much♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they wouldn't even know the difference between and under-monetized GTA player and a malnourished somalian child.Also, ♥♥♥♥ em for Open IV."
,Not Recommended,271590,32469773,Posted: 16 June,all,Pickers,"I don't use OpenIV, but to slap a Cease and Desist on it is enough for me to say steer the hell clear of this game."
76561198024169652,Not Recommended,271590,32469789,Posted: 16 June,all,SavingLiam,RIP OpenIV
76561198026335015,Not Recommended,271590,32460530,Posted: 15 June,all,Uncle Rico's SmellyGooch,♥♥♥♥ Take 2 Interactive for taking away our mods for SINGLEPLAYER. the only reason  im sure 99% bought the damn game in the 1st place. mods brought so much entertainment after i beat the game 900 times.  money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198103245423,Not Recommended,271590,32466166,Posted: 16 June,all,FocusedSG,Bring back the mods
76561198056675897,Not Recommended,271590,32484917,Posted: 16 June,all,Apastron,"When GTA V was released they said there were plans for Single Player DLC, but then GTA:O came around and they realized they could make absolute crap and sell it for shark cards to make hundreds of millions $$ easy, so they scrapped the plans for Single Player and instead release the 1748th super car every week.But that was okay, at least mods were still a thing and there were great mods like LSPD and others.Then Take Two (Parent Company of R*) comes around and say ""on second thought, F you all modders, we don't even have plans for single player content because we're drowning in Shark Card cash, but because 'mods can interfere with online behavior even though we ban everyone with non-vanilla files', here's a cease and desist from our lawyers; what's that? Your mod with 6 years of work put in made sure that no game files were distributed and only supports legitimate copies only? Well screw you we're convinced you're causing us to make less money in GTA:O, so have a Cease and Desist too""Seriously Take Two?! EA and Ubisoft both went the moneygrabbing ""physical embodiment of corporate greed"" way years ago and realized that's not the best way to go, that they screwed up and now they're trying to regain their PR status and for some reason you think this is the way you should do things? EA realized their screwup after SimCity and Ubisoft after WatchDogs and AC:Unity, hopefully when RDR2 launches it will show you how much you messed up. Because clearly your pathetic excuse for the Civ VI Season pass (2k is also a subsidiary of Take Two) and the wave of negative response you got for stuffing crap to fill up that $20 value wasn't enough.Originally I was ok that you guys took over KSP, but then you just have to immediately prove everyone wrong. I was going to pick up XCom 2 as well, but I guess not anymore, because♥♥♥♥ YOU TAKE TWO"
,Not Recommended,271590,15657110,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sangre,"If you thought you were going to get a GTA optimized for PC, forget it. Rockstar once again is doing everything in their power to stop single player mods and 3rd party patches, despite all of the aspects where the game is lacking.EDIT:The resilience of the modding community may overwhelm even R*'s stubborness, but only time will tell. Thanks to some very special modders some singleplayer script based mods are working as of 5/6. If you do decide to get GTA despite the warnings of my fellow reviewers, be VERY careful when using any type of mod."
,Not Recommended,271590,15660111,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Old Kate,I regret buying GTA 5 because Rockstar will ban you for using a community made FOV fix.Update: still no FOV fix
,Not Recommended,271590,15646566,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Scar-20,i got banned from online for no reason. 60 bucks for nothing
,Recommended,271590,15444001,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Pestonya Shortcake Wanko,Hype paid off. Haven't touched any other game since release (April 13th).
,Not Recommended,271590,15654023,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fetusgargler69,"Social club says i tried to log in too many times just started the game up for the first time this week.... seems legit, great game!"
76561198085785443,Not Recommended,271590,16230152,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,PeanutGangster,had high hopes and I was pooped on
,Not Recommended,271590,22786929,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nostalgia,"You will never join an online game without a hacker spamming explosion loop on you and crashing your game, as fun as this game is, community is gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥and if i want an Osiris ill have to pay like $40 in shark cards for it, that aint including another million ingame ($20) to upgrade it. God forbid you want to do a heist either, because there will always be that one person, no matter how many times you retry and retry, that one person who has to ♥♥♥♥ up everything and all that work was trash. If you want to play GTA online and have the people around you not spawning monkeys in your car while your car flys at 395848mph in an ocean, play console. I have not gotten to enjoy a single second online"
,Not Recommended,271590,15654203,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,kenny,"get banned for no reason , goodjobmaybe the reason i get banned because i picked almost 400k of money bags from the hacker ?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32997569,Posted: 29 June,all,Uncle Bulgaria,im doing this for a sticker
,Not Recommended,271590,32543478,Posted: 18 June,all,fuzzywuzzy304,"I love this game too death. In all my years as a gamer, this is the game I have played the most and gotten the most enjoyment from. But with T2 and Rockstar's treatment of the players and the lying about supporting modding I just cannot support them anymore."
76561198069034252,Not Recommended,271590,32430743,Posted: 15 June,all,cjserf,No more modding? BOOO!!
76561198012563797,Not Recommended,271590,32468571,Posted: 16 June,all,Bobby Digital™,"single player is fun.  online is fun for a short while until you realize you would have to pay at least $1500 to buy all the fun stuff, or grind for thousands of hours @ a maximum of $240k ingame currency per hour and grinding this way will make you  go insane and hate the game."
76561198056508970,Not Recommended,271590,15656855,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Whitehusky,"I bought this game for its multiplayer online and because friends wanted me to play. Wouldnt you know when i got on the game you would be instantly kiled by a group of 3 who want to ruin your fun in an indestructable vehicle. Rockstar then allowed modding of the game, Jump right into an online game. some guy goes around the map at lightning speed and shotguns you in the face. Go into passive mode, its a way to stop you from getting killed by players, but if you bump into a cop while in passive mode they will kill you and you cant do anything but run. Want money, grind your heart out or buy 200k for 5 dollars and so on up to 100 doallrs giving you over 10mil (if not 100mil). So you got this pay to ruin someone else gaming experience but when someone wants to get money to buy cool cars and drive around the npc infested highways they get banned. Cool Cool... I wouldnt recommend this game if you wanna have a good online experience.My opinion, my thoughts. Do what you want with it."
,Not Recommended,271590,16332369,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jabreezy,"Of course this is a great game. It's very well optimized and has plenty of options to tweak. However, this review is in protest to their abhorrent business practice of marking up the game and then discounting it back to it's original price for the Steam Sale. They do add some in game currency to the bundle, but I believe that keeps you from being able to return the game. Yikes. If you were waiting for a discount... wait a little longer."
76561198072102884,Not Recommended,271590,15658312,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ace9898579,"alertYou have been banned from Grand Theft Auto Online.Return to Grand Theft Auto V.Best $60 I have ever spent, thanks Rockstar.Don't bother, they are banning everyone."
,Not Recommended,271590,32570424,Posted: 19 June,all,Apache A. Helicopter,All you had to do was follow the damn modding community rockstar!
76561198146629223,Not Recommended,271590,32807156,Posted: 26 June,all,LostDamn,"Great game, i've been your loyal customer for 1year and 11 months, and bought your shark card a couple of time, play your games, and after these, what did i get??? banned!!!!! wow, wonderful!!!! Don't buy this game guys, you get banned for being loyal. Im serious"
,Not Recommended,271590,15653451,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hazmire,"Disclaimer: Yes, I was banned temporarily from the game's online feature. This is due to my use of an FOV mod which allowed me to play the game without feeling physically ill from the stupidly configured FOV setting the game has by default. You can't even change it that much with the built in slider, so I was forced to use the mod which consequently resulted in my ban. This was quickly lifted by customer support when I contacted them, and will have little impact on my review, as you will see.GTA V is a great addition to the series, but does it expand and evolve the dried up formula from where GTA IV left off?Well first off let me start by saying that I have played many of the games from this series. Yes, even the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ top down ones... I also have a sweet spot for Rockstar's other IPs such as Bully. But to me it seems as if RS studios are becoming dried up and running out of ideas. Instead of creating a brand new game, or expanding on the actual gameplay mechanics of their existing franchises, they decide to simply coat them in a new lick of paint and ship it for an absurd price.Story wise the game follows a Hollywood tier generic set of criminals as they try to make their big break. The voice acting of all the characters is pretty good, but this is what I expected. The amount of money Rockstar pumped into this single game is shocking, and so I'm not going to focus on the good things. If all you care are pretty visuals then sure, you kind of got them. But allow me to elaborate on why this game is actually terrible if we look at the contrast between money spent on production, and the actual end product.Visually the game may look good at first glance. I run the game maxed out using a GTX 980 accompanied with my 144hz monitor. But upon closer inspection you will notice major flaws in every aspect of the visuals. Graphically the textures in general are muddy and washed out. Don't complain that I'm not using an IPS monitor or viewing in 4K, because I own an IPS panel, and higher resolutions don't have any impact on the actual fidelity of textures, apart from making jaggies less prominent. If we compare this game to something like Metal Gear, which has very similar texture quality we can see how overrated GTA is. MGV manages to achieve similar graphical quality without the need for a £1500 rig. Infact, Rockstar didn't optimise this game at all. You know why? Because they cared too much about ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it out for last gen consoles, and then charging people again to buy a supported version that plays and looks better on current gen consoles and PCs.The driving. A crucial part of any GTA installment, but how did they manage to take several steps back here? People complained in GTA IV that the cars drove like boats, and that it wasn't enough like mario kart. Well guess what? Cars drive like that. You can't just hop into a Ford Escort and stick to the tarmac like♥♥♥♥♥♥to a shoe! But being Rockstar, they had to pander to the 10 year old kids that is their main demographic. So now the cars and bikes all drive and handle like I'm playing Mario Kart.I'm not even going to elaborate on the Online features of this game. It is just a blatant attempt to milk more money from the fans that are likely to have already bought the game twice for last and current gen. Shark cards are required for low levels to even stand a chance. The fact that mods can get you banned, even ones that don't affect other people's enjoyment, such as texture overhauls, is completely stupid. Online on GTA V just seems like a kid's play area that has red tape cornering off all the swings and slides. Not to mention that it's filled with hackers and is sucking the actual game dry of content. All updates are now just content packs for GTA Online, and Rockstar outly said that there would be no DLC in the near future for solo GTA. So yeah, online mode killed this game.Would I recommend this game? No. The overhyped story and visuals got everyone hyped up. But to me it just seems like GTA IV with a slightly better PC port. The story is worse, the driving is worse, and the online is worse. This game was released purely to trick fans into handing over money repeatedly. They even bumped up the price of the game during the summer sale, so the discounted price was the same as the game normally is! It really doesn't get much worse than that does it..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32601536,Posted: 20 June,all,Covey,Because ♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two
76561197992420604,Not Recommended,271590,15656432,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sumner,Single player is where it's at! No wannabe 'Rockstars' to ruin your fun and give you a ban for the simplest things... Apparently there are people getting banned for modding in SP...♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197981240454,Not Recommended,271590,32545032,Posted: 18 June,all,Gary Orti,"Just adding more fuel to the negative review fire!  Rockstar's parent company, Take 2 Interactive, recently sent a cease and desist to OpenIV modding tool.  OpenIV did NOT allow people to cheat in online, despite Rockstar's claims.  Do not buy this game until Take 2 reverses this decision!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15647699,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,LoreFighter,"In the current state, I would not recommend the gameRediculous loading timesTerrible lobby based matchmakingRandom disconnectsRandom crashes."
,Not Recommended,271590,15656257,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Matt.,Got banned for using a graphical mod. ♥♥♥♥ rockstar.0/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32490439,Posted: 16 June,all,~S9~ Maddog Goldman,"How dare they attempt to ban a modifcation to the singleplayer portion of the game?! Multiplayer is somewhat understandable, but this is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,271590,15654408,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fly,"Great game and enjoyable single player experience.Multiplayer is a pile of poo in Australia. Sure, when it work's it's great, however it seems that I'm spending 1/2 of my multiplayer experience waiting for the servers to repond or for someone else to load.If you're interested in the single player experience with a multiplayer gimic, pick it up. Single player is great. If you're intrested in the multiple aspect, you might have to get your fix somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,271590,32428233,Posted: 15 June,all,LMP Vito,"on behalf of the OpenIV team , ♥♥♥♥ YOU Take2 , and ♥♥♥♥ your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Not Recommended,271590,32457769,Posted: 15 June,all,AgentOink,o7 modding.. ♥♥♥♥ sake
,Not Recommended,271590,32428234,Posted: 15 June,all,[Codename_Nik],Give us our mods back!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,16099750,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,sarysa,"Single player is fantastic, so why the thumbs down?GTA Online: It turns the game into a way over-regulated sandbox. I'm going to start with modding because it's the sole reason that a large number of fans prefer to play GTA on PC as opposed to console. Private modders motivated solely by wanting to do crazy things in this big open sandbox would do just that -- create tools, sometimes even scripting languages, and such to expand previous installments to way beyond what they were. As of late May, the relationship between Rockstar and modders is tumultuous at best. Rockstar realizes that the modding community is a huge aspect of the success of PC releases, but they didn't really prepare for the modding community and it has ended up clashing with their regulated sandbox and business model, which is a hodgepodge of things that companies have been doing in the last 5 years that have worked.So what is this regulated sandbox that I keep going on about, and why is it so flawed? Lets start with the reputation(experience) point and currency systems. Ironic coming from someone who used to be a rabid RPG fan, but experience points in an online game are a bald-faced ""Skinner Box"" system that gives a game artificial longevity and is essentially a mechanism for compulsion. It takes somewhere between 150 and 250 hours to hit level 120, which is where you've maxed out everything except the maximum number of armor you can carry. To get there you can go through hastily assembled missions that don't even have voice acting, heists which get old after awhile, various deathmatches, parachuting, races, and a bunch of activities that most people don't enjoy doing like tennis and golf. There are daily objectives that help speed up this leveling process, but it's just another compulsion/loyalty element as it must be performed every day.The problem with this system, and much of it stems from the fact it takes so long to max out everything, is how imbalanced it makes the game. If you're a level 8 in a deathmatch against a level 110, you're probably going to be annihilated because the level 110 has twice as much health as you and more armor capacity, not to mention faster reload speed and less recoil. If the deathmatch is allowing inventory weapons, the imbalance gets much worse, with weapons like RPG and Heavy Sniper to contend with. Races are no better -- you cannot win a bicycle race if you lack max stamina, which allows you to pedal furiously forever. (versus about 15-20 seconds with sub-max) Handling and other aspects are affected by driving skill, and of course unlocked weapons affect the outcome of a GTA race. Custom vehicles also imbalance races. So basically, Rockstar made all this regulated PvP and yet it's completely imbalanced, and thus can't be taken seriously. It's no wonder that so many deathmatches are made simply for farming RP and cash.I go back to my artificial longevity point to mention that most people are going to pick a few things that they like -- however, no one wants to repeat the same mission over and over. Nor will most people want to get trounced in PvP by people who have no life. (irony intended) What is especially hard to stomach about all of this is that the game itself openly mocks the majority of what they're doing with their Call of Duty parody named ""Righteous Slaughter 7"". XP, persistent upgrades, and pay-to-win are among the things they mock...all sins that GTA Online commit.Even though this compulsion system is highly flawed, Rockstar is hard at work protecting it against the evil modders. How dare people not ""earn"" level 120 by shaving weeks off their lives. How dare people get money from some other source than Rockstar, to purchase roughly $30 million worth of goods that are exclusive to the online stores. There was a mass banning in early May 2015 over this. Reason? Rockstar wants you to buy their imaginary money with micropayments...much like Zynga. In fact, with price points almost lifted directly from Zynga's catalog. The highest price point is even, you guessed it, $99.99 for the whales. And let me put this into perspective...Rockstar has made roughly $3 billion from game sales alone. It's the most profitable single game ever made, and they're alienating an important part of the fan base for what surely amounts to less than 1/100th of that.Now it's worth noting that Rockstar is trying to figure out how to handle the modder issue but it's a bit too late -- the port needed to be made modder friendly from the ground up. They could have released server software and automatically have stat changes on private servers not be reflected on Rockstar servers. However, because they didn't, it's going to be some time -- probably not until GTA VI, that these issues are resolved.So what about their own creation tools? I'll start with the video editor -- it's less flawed than the Creator, but it's only good for artsy videos. If you need to make any kind of tutorial style video, don't even bother. The caption length is too short, the caption placement handling is awkward, and the text editor for captions lacks basic features like clicking between letters and having the cursor go there. The Creator is very flawed. In overhead mode, it can be very difficult to place checkpoints on hills. If you want to place any objects in midair, you need to spend many hours manipulating the very fine time/space windows allowed for this kind of placement. Even though some of the most popular community maps use this, Rockstar hasn't embraced it and has kept it limited. There's also a profanity filter that's so poorly written that words like ""Sniper"" and ""Skyscraper"" get filtered out of descriptions. It's virtually impossible to promote your maps and there's a glut of maps due to there being mini-achievements for publishing a map and having it played. It's possible for maps to be viewed as ""corrupted"" and need to be made from scratch -- it's happened to two of my crew. Finally, once you publish a map, any time you go to update it, you can't save a local copy without making a brand new duplicate -- it won't update for anyone who has bookmarked the old version. (and the editor will crash, a lot, even on low settings)This aspect didn't fit in anywhere else, but the online loading times are terrible -- it can take over a minute to load into a Freemode game.With all the complaining in this review, which might be viewed as unfair, I need to contrast this game with TF2. Valve has embraced the modding community with all its Source games, including TF2 -- Rockstar is struggling with it in GTA V. In TF2, players pay real world money for cosmetics that don't affect gameplay, while in GTA V, real world money is used for an in-game advantage. TF2 -does- charge for weapons, but these weapons are easily acquired via trading or random drops, far easier than in GTA V. (but it's only fair to point out TF2's one sin) TF2's hammer tool is frankly superior to Rockstar's Creator, though I can only fairly compare the interface, speed, and how much potential time is lost due to errors with the software. AlliedModders, a fan-made company, handles all the other aspects of TF2 modding -- and they do it well, because they care. TF2 lets fans run servers and Valve only very lightly interferes with the management of these servers. (entirely related to paid cosmetics, which is fair) GTA V isn't there yet, and may never be there. TF2 has balanced PvP, GTA V does not. GTA V has artificial longevity through Skinner Box methods, while TF2's longevity is a product of a solid base, along with the company working along side its community. It should be no wonder that GTA's been slowly losing players and will soon be overtaken by the aging TF2.I write this scathing review not to bash GTA V, but in the hopes that it will be read, and will influence the development of GTA VI. GTA's overall fan base is enormous -- hopefully Rockstar will get it right in the next installment."
,Recommended,271590,20347196,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,King_Etokura,"I randomly got called a n!gg3r-lover by a guy from India, so I asked him how his goat was and how many scam phone calls for fake-microsoft he made today and he crashed my game with mods. 10/10 Would be racist again."
76561197993666957,Not Recommended,271590,26227527,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DenimGiant,Apparently talking with other people on Discord is cheating
76561198025273543,Recommended,271590,18358599,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Chester Bueno,"Great game.  Horrible online ""community"".If you find yourself shooting players who can't be killed, being constantly warped to the top of the FIB building, or being killed while in passive mode, you're probably having your gaming experience ruined by one or more Russians.  Here’s how to identify/avoid them:1.  Don't play between 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 a.m. EST.  That’s 1:00 - 5:00 p.m. in Putingrad and the time you’re more likely to catch them between blackout hangovers.2.  If you see a guy trying to give his T20 a carrot ""to make go"", he's red. He's probably more Borat than Ivan Drago, but eh...  All the same, really.  Do I look like an anthropologist or a zookeeper?3.  Insurance fraud and frivolous lawsuits count for ~ 97% of local GDP in the motherland.  If a player dives in front of your speeding car for no reason, he’s likely a Russian.  Invest in a dashboard cam if you play in the morning.Remember, you have a jobs, electricity, food, and Charmin -- and all in ample supply.  You're better than they are.  They know it."
76561197977622871,Not Recommended,271590,32517817,Posted: 17 June,all,DarkDemigod666,Shame on you!
,Recommended,271590,23326390,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,FrenziedComet,"Joined an online session. There were 2 hackers. One killed me by accident. Felt sorry for me. Gave me $10mil. 10/10, wish this happened in real life."
76561198023018234,Not Recommended,271590,32501018,Posted: 17 June,all,MelonMan,"I don't support Take Two's decision to make modding essentially illegal, and neither should you.EDIT 7.7.2016- OpenIV is back- Rockstar has adressed their modding policy very vaguely, which makes openIV possible but not something like ""Liberty City in GTA V""- my opinion on this is that I won't be recommending this game to anyone. Not now and probably not in the future because of the lack of transparency between the consumer and Rockstar.- I hope that Rockstar as a company can learn from their mistakes and avoid something like this from happening again"
,Not Recommended,271590,30676483,Posted: 22 March,all,Shadblade5,"Gets suspended for no reason, asks support for reason. The Online Script is read. Waits for the suspension to end. Come back and play for 2 hours and does a few missions and buys a car.  Stops playing and comes back a month later. You have been permanently banned from GTA V.TL:DR Dont buy this game unless you want to be falsely banned and be stripped of your progress :)"
76561198151206439,Not Recommended,271590,32484308,Posted: 16 June,all,LewBert,OPEN IV FTW
,Not Recommended,271590,32428220,Posted: 15 June,all,MrDown1,Rip modding
76561198044348916,Not Recommended,271590,32482117,Posted: 16 June,all,PotatOS,needs more mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32491528,Posted: 16 June,all,Shemp,"I remember when this game use to be fun.Aren't GTA games sandbox games? Meaning we can ""do whatever we want""? I guess we took it too literally.The removal of mods feels like you're taking the sand out of the ♥♥♥♥ing sandbox."
,Not Recommended,271590,32468568,Posted: 16 June,all,scootle,"Nah man, look how long I've played this game, I had mods dude. I am running an HD 6450 right now, I needed lower textures for my 1gb card. You cannot really think that modding your games is illegal. I can't support this kind of behavior, this is not okay."
76561198160638064,Not Recommended,271590,32478372,Posted: 16 June,all,RocketryCory,"Has anyone seen the South Park episode with the free games? Yeah. Thats is where the future of games is headed thanks to ♥♥♥♥ing take two. And yes, I wont capitalize take two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32456340,Posted: 15 June,all,MikeL1980,Joke of a company...
,Not Recommended,271590,32462854,Posted: 15 June,all,Rabbitmcv,"Don't mess with OpenIV. Oh wait.EDITI love and hate this game.I've seen people hack and they still haven't been banned.450lvl with only ~24hrs?EDIT 2I just found out that they killed GTA:MP because it was ""taking money""T2 is a bad company."
76561197972622162,Not Recommended,271590,32535332,Posted: 18 June,all,Al,Cease and desist with the cease and desist
76561198132311928,Not Recommended,271590,32509610,Posted: 17 June,all,Capsaicin,Bad move Take Two. SAD
,Not Recommended,271590,32498495,Posted: 17 June,all,LordHood,"Just when I wanted to play a fully modded playthrough of the campaign, Take-Two slaps a big ♥♥♥♥ YOU to all who wanted to have any fun. What a joke, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32509590,Posted: 17 June,all,ＰｉｒｏＳａｎ gamdom.com,-GTA Online absolutely terrible experience.-No more mods offline.Not much else to say.
,Recommended,271590,15404495,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dilyht*,"If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them.If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it.If you don't have the money for it, get a job.If you don't have a job, rob the bank.If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.Its on 9GAGhttp://9gag.com/gag/agqG7jn/15-steam-reviews-that-are-hilariously-honest7th review.Thanks guys!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32505578,Posted: 17 June,all,Sab,In light of Rockstar and Take Two's action upon OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32504094,Posted: 17 June,all,Thunder House,Jumping on the band-wagon here...Suck it Take-Two
,Not Recommended,271590,32524981,Posted: 17 June,all,Camman6972,It's a good game but when you remove mods you also remove your fan base lol rip
,Not Recommended,271590,32497314,Posted: 17 June,all,The Skadiddler,No modding no fun
,Recommended,271590,15454677,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Rayano24,"Mods are finally starting to appear, LCPDFR for example. The definitive edition of GTA V but avoid for online (unless you play private) as it is plagued with hackers or people using mods (no consequences it seems..) Game looks great though, very well optimized, great music, decent story,"
76561197992839422,Not Recommended,271590,32471011,Posted: 16 June,all,The Murder Dog,No mods no fun
,Not Recommended,271590,16314785,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Katharine,This kind of business practice should fall under the law that forbids making the price higher just before you have a sale. It's a shady and horrible practice and i regret buying this game. I wish i could get my money back. Thank you money grabbing assho- *cough*Rockstar games*cough*....
,Not Recommended,271590,32498512,Posted: 17 June,all,Red,Greedy AF
,Not Recommended,271590,32749757,Posted: 24 June,all,-CTD- Excrucinator,"Greedy business practices prevent me from giving a good review even though the game is actually good. Sorry Take Two, you need to learn"
,Not Recommended,271590,16326387,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sacher,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buisness Practices by raising price before sale
,Not Recommended,271590,32532346,Posted: 18 June,all,J!NX,The online is designed primarily to sell shark cards and now modding is being shut down. Don't buy.
76561198080496608,Not Recommended,271590,32538606,Posted: 18 June,all,Siivl,"This game is the epitome of greed. I sincerely regret buying it, and I can't recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,271590,16328356,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mahogany,"♥♥♥♥ Rockstar and their massively anti consumer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""Sale""They came as close to breaking consumer law as possible without actually breaking itAlso, this game ran fine for me at launch. After recent patches, it's completely unplayable for me. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rockstar, or just don't break it in the first place."
76561197988760268,Not Recommended,271590,24876943,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hyvlarN,"It's a good game that I really enjoyed playing online! Too bad you'll get banned for no reason. What a waste of 60 bucks, 1/10...."
76561198126562496,Not Recommended,271590,32466162,Posted: 16 June,all,Lord Polski,"RIP Modding, only reason to get it on PC."
,Not Recommended,271590,24382382,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,King the Furred Dragon,"Banned 3 times for no reason. Reported a hacker who was crashing games and got a permaban.EDIT: Now totally useless without mods, meaning its more of a waste of money."
,Recommended,271590,15342662,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,w`,This review took me almost 2 years to write and was delayed 3 times.
,Not Recommended,271590,19255597,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Chidaruma,"GTA V: a game that would be amazing... if it wasn't so plagued by it's own community.Speaking strictly in terms of online multiplayer, the game is infected. A solid 2 out of every 3 sessions has a miserable kid with a mod menu, endlessly spawning NPCs, fire, explosions, and other annoying entities on the players. And of course Rockstar introduced online challenges-- mini games which pit the players head-to-head to win a cash reward. Naturally, if you're close to winning, you'll be any modder's main target. This awful infestation of cheaters has made the game outright frustrating to play with others, something that GTA is meant to be about.Despite the unfortunate multiplayer environment, the game remains very solid in private sessions and singleplayer game modes. More unfortunately, however, is the fact that public multiplayer is the game mode most people want to play-- therefore I can't recommend this game in it's current, toxic state."
,Not Recommended,271590,32529826,Posted: 18 June,all,Zyrn,"Bans single player modding, yet rampant online modding is fine. Nice."
,Not Recommended,271590,32464873,Posted: 15 June,all,Cnhill,Screw you Take Two
76561197981371971,Not Recommended,271590,15655749,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CyPHeR369,"NO MODS!!!! Way to go take2, only got one way out of this mess....aloww openiv again."
76561198125220960,Not Recommended,271590,32516359,Posted: 17 June,all,SpaceCadet02,"No pure offline, and now no mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,20175161,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wolf,"I waited a while to write this, mainly because I wanted to find quite a bit to write about. Nevertheless, after 100+ hours, I feel this game can be thoughtfully and precisely judged, more inportantly on all aspects of the game. I'll be dividing this review into two categories: Single Player and Multiplayer. Let's begin.Single Player:Single player starts off with the characters Michael and Trevor. Finishing a heist job from the North Yankton bank, they decide this is the last and final score. Yet, not all good things end well. They end up getting caught, and one of their crew members die. Trevor escapes, and that's where the story begins.Next and final playable character is introduced, named Franklin. Franklin is a petty thief, who is hired by Simeon (a local car dealsman) to reposess cars at the owners expense, although the reposession is not so to speak authorised. One day, Franklin gets the order to ""repo"" the car of a teenager, and upon arrival, Franklin is met with a seemingly rich family. After successfully lifting the car, Franklin drives away cheerfully, not knowing Michael is in the back seat. After pursuading Franklin to drive through Simeons shop, Michael makes a deal with him to make some ""real"" cash, thus involving Franklin in a series of robberies and other heists. Once word gets out Michael is ""back in the scene"", his old colleague Trevor finds out, who is furious because he thought Micheal died all those years back.That's pretty much the story. You rob a few banks, make some cash. The story is quite well and fun, I found no aspects to complain about, and even had hours of enjoyment playing through it. I actually wish it was longer, or a Single Player DLC was introduced which involved the main characters after the robberies. Even though side missions and such could count as this, I wanted more along the lines of the main story.All in all, the game is pretty much (in it's current state) only worth it for the story. The reason why is in Multiplayer.Multiplayer:Jesus Christ. Multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess.Just to name a few problems:-Hackers. The ♥♥♥♥ers will infinitely shoot rockets at everyone until their dead, or at least until you want to turn on passive mode and ruin your experience.-""DLC"". With the addition of some well planned DLC, ""cash cards"" or microtransactions of in-game currency became available. The only reason I have a problem with this is that the ones that are worth anything at all (meaning the money from the card can't be made in 20 minutes time) are more than what the game is actually sold for. Yes, that's right. The developers are selling in-game money for $50 or even $100 real money. Not to mention this was the spawn of their genius Summer Sale idea to innitially discount the game 40%, only to remove the listing, add a Shark Card to it and stick it up as 40% off, but still cost the regular $60.♥♥♥♥♥♥move Rockstar.-Foreigners. I, myself, find me to be a very multicultured person. I don't mind at all anyone of a different nationality, only when it hinders my gameplay. Example: I'm still sort of new to the whole online mode of this game, so I often ask for hints during team modes such as heists. So, I was put into a lobby of non-english speakers for a heist, so I thought, okay, I can do this, I just have to fly a plane. I get the plane, go to the area, now I have to evade jets. No big deal. After flying around for 20 minutes with literally nothing happening, the team finally gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, and I can pick them up. I fly off, and we are supposed to lose the cops. My other pilot (who has the missles to shoot down the cops helicopters so we can get away faster) decides he's going to take a break, and lands at the beach. I fly around for maybe 20 more minutes, trying desperately to get these cops to go away, and even when there were none around for miles they somehow still found me. After I finally get them to go away, I now just have to drop them off. Somehow, my experienced skills did not tell me I have to stall my ♥♥♥♥ing plane in the sky about 200 meters up just do drop the ♥♥♥♥ers off, so I spent about another 10 minutes flying around screaming what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on??? Then, my genius teammates start screaming at me ""FLY TALL"". Any English speaker will not know what the ♥♥♥♥ that means, so when someone says fly tall, that literally sounds like nonsense. So, other helicopter guy decides his 15 minute break is up, starts flying upwards into the air, so I decided to follow. The game goes to the cutscene, and we all jump out. After 2 seconds, screen comes up the guy we broke out died. I left the game.Don't get me wrong, online can be some fun, and by that I mean if you have passive mode enabled or are in a solo session. Multiplayer is literally ♥♥♥♥ing cancer. Just avoid it at all costs."
76561198026655416,Not Recommended,271590,23134731,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,BlazeInFlames,"Almost 400 hours into the game, I think I have a decent grasp on whether or not this is a good game.The game is decent, but good lord the hackers and script kiddies ruin this game. The cheating is so prevalent that Rockstar has instituted a draconian ban detection system that bans innocent players.  I got banned while running missions with a friend (who somehow didnt get banned as well?) for a week and a half. Im not waiting out this ban just to get unfairly banned again in the future. Instantly uninstalled the game and will not play again. I do not cheat in games and take it personally when I'm accused of it.TL;DR - game is decent, but the level of cheaters absolutely ruins it. If you buy, don't get surprised if you get hacked or get banned without reason."
,Recommended,271590,15443710,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Negative_Xtrm,I would like to thank all the Console gamers who beta-tested for the PC version of GTA V.
,Not Recommended,271590,32470987,Posted: 16 June,all,Fauer,When money talks the mods must walk.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥move by Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32462865,Posted: 15 June,all,DeathJester,No. Just no.
76561198034213361,Not Recommended,271590,32529879,Posted: 18 June,all,MrPink (Adam),OpenIV is what kept the game runing.
,Not Recommended,271590,32473771,Posted: 16 June,all,JCgli∔chmas∔er,The MP is full of cheaters and microtransations. They are also banning all SP and MP mods.♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,25660547,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,shenmo3,"Got banned for no reason, costumer support didn't respond"
76561198198622098,Not Recommended,271590,32456335,Posted: 15 June,all,FlyingYank,"Without the mods, this game loses most of its replay value. I don't know why Rockstar thinks removing player input through mods is a good idea."
,Not Recommended,271590,16329119,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,wukkle,"Waste of time loading, bad business practice to screw customers over by offering them free in-game money during steam summer sale."
,Recommended,271590,15521492,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Hanzo,"Pros:Runs very good on Low end PCYou can be Dog,Cow and CatLamarNo Calls from RomanYou can spend your money in Strip ClubsYou can Show your Middle Finger to anyoneHeistsCons:Nothing11/10 Must Have"
,Not Recommended,271590,32471009,Posted: 16 June,all,Malka,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
,Not Recommended,271590,32483663,Posted: 16 June,all,King Henry X,"Grand Theft Auto V Single Player (with mods) was my favorite video game ever.  Vanilla GTA V is okay but thanks to the modding community it fleshed out into the game it was always supposed to be.  Rockstar laid a great foundation for videogamers and creative minds alike to produce a game with limitless entertainment.This recent C&D on the developers of OpenIV by Take Two is upsetting beyond words.  Another symptom of the corporate greed that just HATES to let us be happy, because their millions just aren't e-♥♥♥♥ing-nough.  GTA Online is♥♥♥♥♥♥for many reasons on top of the cheaters that won't be touched by this pathetic attempt at fixing a multiplayer game that's broken to the core.  So they have to♥♥♥♥♥♥on the best aspect of the game which is SP with mods?  I can't understand this.Shame on you Take Two...from me and the modding community who poured so many hours of hard work into making your game better, and doing your job for you for FREE out of the love of the art of videogames and not your meaningless profits.  This move represents everything that's actually wrong with this world.  Not even Trevor is that much of a monster."
76561198087509943,Not Recommended,271590,32466139,Posted: 16 June,all,Deeznutes,"This game has such a potential to be perfect, however it looks like the developers don't care about their own fans."
,Recommended,271590,30832666,Posted: 30 March,all,Whiteswart,"This review is about singleplay only. I'm not a multiplayer guy, and were it up to me, I'd separated GTA V solo and GTA Online completely. But anyway, that's not an issue, and I'm just talking of the single-player game Rockstar finally released on the PC, despite their ugly ""maximize profits"" policy. And I really think that GTA V is hugely overrated.A little spoiler up ahead (it's not even a spoiler, technically): In the end of the game, Michael says ""I'm too old for this"", and that's, I think, the words of Sam Hauser.You see, technically GTA V kicks asses, alright, it is still the best GTA-like game on the market. You have cars, bikes, boats, jets, helluva lot of activities and stuff to make your play a unique one, an unforgettable experience... But it fails in the most major aspect, for what so many people loved Vice City and San Andreas titles: the attractiveness of the story. The compassion thing. I've blamed the GTA IV for it, and it's the same, and somehow even worse with the GTA V! Just like the Mafia 2 & 3, where the main characters are so boring and unpleasant people I'd kill them myself, were it an option.The case of GTA V is worse than GTA IV and alot worse than San Andreas by the originality option as well. Let's take Trevor, for instance - for he's obviously the most noticable guy of whole trio. He's all kinds of a bad dude, sure, but I've played the game with just the same character a decade ago! It was the Scarface, and even the ""special"", the rage mode, was the same for Tony Montana, as it is for Trevor. Scarface game was quite a mediocre one, somewhere on the level of True Crime maybe, and by the time of San Andreas, it would be a joke to copy something into Rockstar game what was done in some wannabe competitors title. Today it's a major issue. Now, GTA V is still a quite good GTA-like game, it's still making shots and all, but it's just one in a row. It's not an overmighty king it was once.Oh, I'm sure that 10-years old who now plays and streams GTA Online like mad, are not gonna agree with me. And some middle-to-old aged creeps like Sam Hauser itself, would point me at the more realistic world around, that was made in GTA IV and V. I know, I know, I'm myself a middle-aged creep who likes realistic stuff much more than some phantasy elves and ponies. But, there is still a compassion thing. A mood after playing San Andreas or Saints Row 2 is better in my case than the mood from GTA 4, 5, or Saints Row 3, 4... Those late games provide less than pretends, and sometimes even hollowing your emotions rather than provide you with some new and strong ones.So, let's come to the mark thing. I'll give GTA V a 7.5/10, for the amount of work they made. Minus point is for hollowing unlikely characters, minus point for an overall creepy atmosphere GTA V providing. Even the radio was worse than usual, oh, mate, that's a disaster!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32463868,Posted: 15 June,all,Lavablood,this game was already bad enough so they just made it worse by removing mods
,Recommended,271590,24475758,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Iberium,"Great game, awesome concept.There's so much you can do in both multiplayer and singplayer in this game. It's simply amazing. It's not all rainbows and sunshine tough.[I GO MORE IN DEPTH ABOUT CONS BECAUSE USUALLY PEOPLE CARE MORE ABOUT THOSE SINCE THEY'RE THE REASON YOU BUY A GAME OR NOT.]PROS:-GRAPHICS: One word: astonishing.-FPS: The game runs very smoothly if your PC can handle it, if not, I don't recommend you buy the game. Buy a better PC instead.-GAMEPLAY: It's the classic GTA, run over people, get chased by cops, rob stores etc. very nice.-STORYLINE: Great storyline, very interesting since you have three main characters you can switch with all the time. The missions are smooth and I have not encountered many bugs.-HEISTS AND MISSIONS (MULTIPLAYER): I absolutely loved the heists, same goes for the missions. Except for the loading screens, it's all very smooth.CONS:-MODDERS: Since the last patch in multiplayer I rarely encounter modders anymore. Be careful though.-PRICE: Although this game is so great, I think that it's still a little overpriced for normal people like me. (Or I'm greedy) I recommend buying it on sales if you can.-LOADING SCREENS: The game is basically a loading simulator. You have to wait a long time for basically everything you do in game; changing lobbies, starting a mission/heist, starting a race... The loading screens can take up to several minutes of waiting which in my opinion is ♥♥♥♥ed.-BANS: This hasn't happened to me or my friends yet but there's a lot of stories of people getting banned for apparently no reason. Sometimes it's because they modded in singleplayer or joined a hacked lobby. I don't know any more about this topic than the stories I've heard though.-GRINDING: To get a cool car you have to get a lot of money. How? You either grind missions for money, like the last heist. OR you buy Shark Cards for real money. I think that it's fun to do a heist two times but after the fifth time for just ONE item you want that costs a lot is just boring and bad.-FLYING WITH MOUSE: If you're a greedy ♥♥♥♥ like I am and you don't want to pay for a controller, you might find out that controlling planes with you mouse is hard as ♥♥♥♥. But that's just my opinion, maybe I'm just bad.Conclusion: It's a great game, if it's on sales and you have a PC that's good enough, I definitely recommend this game. Be careful with modders in multiplayer and modding in singleplayer though, since people get banned for that lately.I give it a solid 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32505563,Posted: 17 June,all,Bad Cat 2.5 (GGEZ),"We have a right to a refund because, previously they said they endorse mods and condone that people make mods.and to ban people for modding ON SINGLE PLAYER, it's not fair.so therefore i want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund you asses"
76561198097454043,Recommended,271590,20228775,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,yung hermès,"After 3 years (PC release) its still on of the best game, especially the Online part"
,Not Recommended,271590,32481078,Posted: 16 June,all,Thomas Train,they destroyed the game when 2♥♥♥♥♥♥thing banned mods from offline :(
,Not Recommended,271590,32524973,Posted: 17 June,all,GlomBomb,"I don't even play with mods, but shutting down Open IV mods and claiming it was to stop online hacking is completely ridiculous and untrue as they don't even let you go online if you have them on. Take Two's poor treatment of its PC players and its penny-pinching for shark cards is going to turn a great deal of people against Red Dead 2 and Grand Theft Auto VI in the future.I love this game and have invested hundreds of hours into it but I can't in good conscience leave a positive review if they're going to treat people who support the game like this. Don't buy the game at full price or pay for a single shark card."
,Not Recommended,271590,15649062,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Justice Won,"Paid $60 on xbox 360 for this and enjoyed it alot and played online primarily with friends. However I preorder and pay another $60, play for 2 weeks in online and hackers show up everywhere shooting money at people. Long story short after being harrassed by hackers and forced to take their money I get banned for them hacking. I have over a month of online gameplay all for nothing now. Before they started banning the wrong people and ruining the whole point of this game on pc it would be a 9 or 10/10 but now I rate 3/10. So done with this game."
76561198066606797,Not Recommended,271590,32572325,Posted: 19 June,all,marksman4836,"Rockstar and Take2 have sent cease and desist to developers of OpenIV, another example of how rockstar treats the single player community like ♥♥♥♥. Rockstar and take2 has favored online over single player since the game was released in late 2013. Almost 4 years and rockstar has coughed up a new dlc for multiplayer every couple months yet single player hasnt seen a single one. Mods and their creators make the game better then the developers could ever do and some companies have realized that and support modding, unfortunatly rockstar and take2 are not one of them. I understand they want to prevent modding in multiplayer and they can very well do that but dont let single players suffer for that. WIll no longer support rockstar and take2 because of their constant arrogance, greed and ♥♥♥♥ing of the single player community."
,Not Recommended,271590,32497306,Posted: 17 June,all,ClareXoBearrx3R9,"Sloppy excrement made to intentionally troll and irritate its very own loyal player base. Incompetent and unhelpful developers and customer support staff, along with recent preposterous actions taken by Take Two Interactive leave much to be desired. Potential buyers beware, you do not want to waste your hard-earned money on this ludicrous piece of work that they call a ""game""."
76561198147272838,Not Recommended,271590,32540202,Posted: 18 June,all,Silky Smooth,I am a simple man. When I see a scumbag company making scumbag moves? I click not recommended.
,Recommended,271590,15756282,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Howar31,"Classic open-world game return with latest game tech!GTA is the most famous and well-known open-world game, featuring highly free gameplay in a massive virtual world.  Now GTAV not only brings back the variety elements from SA, but also with better graphic and performance than GTAIV.  Tons of new gameplay with astonishing view in Los Santos, experience another great story in GTA, even create your own story in LS.+Awesome graphics with lots of graphic options.+Fabulous optimization, even low-end PC can play GTAV fluently.+Full controller support, simlessly switch between keyboard/mouse and controller, even in tense combat or high speed driving.+Vivid and colorful game world: Los Santos.  Lots of different terrain in LS, including downtown city, countryside, mountains, ocean, even under water world!+Tons of cars to collect and customize.  And more vehicles, such as airplane, helicopter, fighter, boat, submarine, you can drive.+Featuring character-based gameplay, switch to different characters to experience different life in Los Santos, including the characters you created.+Nice and neat story between 3 different characters.  Walkthrough the story from different aspect, and know the 3 main characters life style.+Beside main story, there's lots of activities for 1 to 30 people to play with, including PVP and PVE events.+Heists are so fun.  Dedicated missions for each position.  Everyone finishe the jobs to complete a bigger job.+Mighty Rockstar Editor.  Evolved from GTA IV, Rockstar Editor allow players to record gameplay (not only video) and edit/compose it in-game, then publish to YouTube.+Intergrated with RGSC webpage, easy to share and track the game progress, achievements and even songs in radio.*Need more customization of vehicles.  I want to customize my own aircrafts, boats and armored vehicles.*Need more weapons to choose.  There are lots of weapons in GTAV now, but some are missing.  And never too many weapons.*Need more house to buy.  Some mansions in Los Santos are awesome, such as Franklin's, but unavailable in online mode.*Need more clothes and costumes, such as windbreaker.*Where is the snow scenes?  We had snow in Christmas update on console.  But why there's no constant snow scene in GTAO?  such as mountain peak?-Can not sell weapons, so it's a trouble to switch weapons while you have unlocked lots of weapons.-Match making system is not stable.  It's difficult to connect to public game (at least in Asia).Grand Theft Auto was the leading brand of the open-world game title.  And this is so true as GTAV PC version is so success.  10/10 GOTY!經典開放世界遊戲結合最新遊戲科技！GTA是眾所皆知的著名開放式遊戲，標榜高度自由的遊戲方式與龐大的虛擬世界。GTAV不但帶回了SA的多樣遊戲元素，同時也擁有超越GTAIV的高畫質表現，此外更新增了許多新玩法，自由的在洛聖都跑跳，體驗GTA系列全新的故事劇情，甚至創造自己的傳奇。+精美畫質，並有許多畫質選項可調整+完美的優化，就算低階電腦一樣可以流暢的玩GTAV+全手把支援，就算是戰況激烈、或是高速駕駛中，都可以快速輕鬆的在鍵鼠與手把之間無縫切換+栩栩如生的多樣世界：洛聖都，包含了各種地形，例如市中心、鄉村市郊、高山、海洋、甚至海底世界都有！+數量龐大的車種可以蒐集改裝，還有飛機、直昇機、戰鬥機、船隻、潛水艇等等可以駕駛+以角色為軸心的遊戲系統設計，在同一個洛聖都世界中，透過不同角色，甚至是自創角色，以不同的角度體驗這個世界+圍繞著三個主角的乾淨俐落故事劇情，透過三個截然不同個性、背景的角色，從不同角度體驗整個故事線+除了主線故事劇情，還有超大量的小活動可以玩，可容納1到30人同樂，包含PVP與PVE各種活動+搶劫任務非常有趣，細部的任務分工，每個人完成小任務，一起推進更大的主線搶劫任務+強大的Rockstar編輯器，從四代進化而來，讓玩家可以錄製遊戲過程(不單只是影片)，然後在遊戲內編輯/剪接，最後發佈到YouTube上。+整合RGSC網頁，能輕鬆的分享與紀錄遊戲進度、成就、甚至遊戲內電台播放的歌+完美的官方正體中文翻譯，連俚語或口語句子都翻譯的非常到地*需要更多載具改裝，例如改裝自己的飛機、船隻和武裝載具等*需要更多武器選擇，GTAV現在已經有很多武器，但是有些前作的武器這代卻沒有，再者，武器是越多越好嘛*需要更多房地產，洛聖都有很多很棒的房子，例如富蘭克林的豪宅，但在線上模式卻無法購買*需要更多服裝與飾品，例如風衣外套*怎麼沒有雪景？之前家機在聖誕節有過雪地場景，但為什麼不在GTAO固定地點做雪景呢？例如山頂？-無法販賣武器，當解鎖很多武器的時候，切換武器變成很麻煩的事-配對系統很不穩定，很難連線到公開戰局(至少在亞洲是這樣)俠盜獵車手一直是開放世界的領頭遊戲，在GTAV PC版如此成功，更奠定了其領導地位，毫無疑問10/10年度最佳遊戲！"
,Not Recommended,271590,23367255,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,yuphin,"If i'd be immune to diseases, the multiplayer mode would still give me cancer."
,Not Recommended,271590,24982422,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,𝐵Γɑ𝒸𝒦,"My online experience in gta 5 on pc:went afk for a minute >http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/540773470648361197/4C5F5FCE27FE8E56B50569660DFD85DD104FF07C/i name this one the rocketman >http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/360651810452792224/08A399307ED2A30958F3238039785547CE97ACD9/80645.17 k/d r seems legit to me >http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/268348160034967188/6EE84BBAA3B08C55AF4A66693A0EFA663EBBC99B/as long as you are not cheating yourself money,you are good to go and won´t get banned for cheating or ""modding"" as the script kiddy´s would say.so if you are looking forward to play the online mode ,i can´t recommend it for pc because YEA you can make private lobbys and play there with friends but you don´t have access to all game features then and if you go to a public lobby,there are usually up to 5 hackers with godmode,aimbot,nitro,teleport and ALOT more cheats in a full lobby(32 players),probably even more if you pi$$ the people off./edit:it still has alot of hackers but not as many as it used to bebut my only 3 negative aspects about the game(online) itself are:1.they add more and more dumb game mode´s which nobody play and just split up the community instead of making new heists which actually would be hard and rewarding.2.the performance of this game.you might experience heavy stuttering or crashes for some reason even with a good computer setup,whats the reason for that?there is none.you google for hours and test everything and end up that literally nothing helped.for me personally if it happens,i restart my computer and it´s fixed.3.the desync with other players in online mode.sometimes you see someone lagging or teleporting infront of you and if you get in a car with that guy it´s starts to get ridiculous.every NPC,every car,every helicopter that guy caused to spawn,is going to lagg and teleport all the time and let me tell you,this is the stupidiest thing that can happen in a heist or in a race."
76561198023309177,Not Recommended,271590,32475312,Posted: 16 June,all,DiPT,Stupid decisions bring wrong results. GG.
,Not Recommended,271590,32509603,Posted: 17 June,all,Kittans,No Mods no fun
,Not Recommended,271590,32653790,Posted: 22 June,all,The Notorious S.I.N.,"This negative review is for Take 2 Interactive's new policy against single player mods.Edit: I origianlly wrote this as a way of joining with the community to help OpenIV and other SP mods. I'd like to add to this review. Rockstar is being controlled by the heavy hand over at Take 2 who don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the people who play GTA:Online. There are so many little things that could be easily fixed but the powers that be don't give a damn about fixing their broken game in that sense. All they care about is making money off of shark cards. The second that a new money glitch comes out, they are right there the next day with a hotfix. Why isn't this same attitude taken towards so many other things that are broken in the game? Until there are some major changes, this review will stay negative."
,Not Recommended,271590,15672367,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,GoodLookTV,"UPDATE:Rockstar has changed its course of modding and is encouraging mods(except from online obviously) A few updates and driver updates and various setting changed fixed my fps,Recommendedyoutube:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU3kkl01OtyM0yZQnf5wPIQ"
,Not Recommended,271590,32505566,Posted: 17 June,all,TeeKaaY,Stopping modding is a♥♥♥♥♥♥move...Sign this petition please:https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,16318940,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Vigil,"Rockstar bumped up the price just before the summer sale, forcing you to buy unnecessary DLC and ultimately pay full price. Gross."
76561197960794487,Not Recommended,271590,28346391,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,e.MiDNiGHT,"I played about 80 hrs on the PS3 and LOVED the single player campaign. Then I bought the PC edition because I liked the idea of GTA Online, but wanted a keyboard and mouse to be competitive.  Well played, Rockstar.1.)   Load times were absolutely ridiculous.I don't have this problem on any other games except this one, it's probably the P2P nature of the multiplayer.  I'm talking 3-4 minutes until the map loaded...before and after every single mission.  Since the early missions take about 10 minutes, to me this felt just like TV with a 1:2 ratio of ad time to entertainment time.  The ad time in this case is the GTA:O backgrounds and a small rotating icon in the bottom corner.2.)  Controller  vs keyboard issues.a.  I want to play the driving parts with a controller, and shooting parts with a mouse.   I got kicked many times because I would use the controller to join the match, then it would say I am using a controller, and the game owners kick me because using a controller for GTA:O PC edition is ♥♥♥♥ing noob.   Teaming up with strangers is really frustrating and it started to get forced upon me really early in the mission sequence.b.  Many of the games I wanted to join would require me to turn on ""auto-aim assist"" as the host requested, which as a veteran gamer I will not do.   It would be like telling Barry Bonds that he has to use a T-ball stand each time he hits the ball from now on.3.)   Hackers.None of the records mean anything.  You'll see ""world record for this 2-lap race:  0.0001 seconds"" and it never gets fixed.   I heard a lot of reports of people being banned for using voice-chat programs, and still see at least 1 hacker in every single game I joined.4.)  Hidden costs.If you really want to enjoy all this game boasts, you either need to invest hundreds of hours grinding, cheat, or buy the shard cards.TL:DR;I really loved the single player, and would recommend buying the single player game to anybody who hasn't played it yet... it's really fun!  At this point, however, I can not recommend GTA:Online and that's where they're putting the entirety of their effort.  They are not banning hackers or implimenting paid DLC which you could just play right away, or introducing a police mode, or any of the other things their fans are wanting.  They are instead releasing update after update catered to the game's hackers and billionaires in an attempt to sell more shark cards.Buyer beware..."
76561198045105544,Not Recommended,271590,32475302,Posted: 16 June,all,50pence,On behalf of the OpenIV team
,Not Recommended,271590,32509601,Posted: 17 June,all,fronk,Killed the modding community for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason
,Recommended,271590,15499643,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,4K Dragon,The first thing I did was go to the strip club in first person view ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Not Recommended,271590,31160142,Posted: 15 April,all,Barabronson,single:+mp:-------------
,Not Recommended,271590,16326034,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Deimos,"I actually like this game and paid full price when it launched but putting the price up so they can ""discount"" it is a♥♥♥♥♥♥move.If you aren't going to offer a discount during a sale, don't dress up a turd and expect people to buy it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32535323,Posted: 18 June,all,Newgeta,I liked this game until they killed OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32457753,Posted: 15 June,all,Uncle Dolan,Dearest Rockstar/Taketwo;The internet does not forget. You deserve all the backlash. Consider this one less sale for RDR2. The only way you guys will learn is if it hits you in your pocket.
,Not Recommended,271590,32449710,Posted: 15 June,all,GeneralGinger,"Trying to screw over modders, very bad."
,Recommended,271590,18240307,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Melody,"Let’s cut to the chase: GTA V is one of the best games ever, go get it immediately!Now if you want to know more, let’s expand it a bit then.The game is fun and really solid in every way, the controls and playability are well implemented and responsive.On the technical side, it has some really stunning and beautiful graphics and effects, the city looks gorgeous and the countryside, desert zones, woods, beaches, mountains, etc., are just amazing.The sea is what impressed me the most, IMO it’s over the top, it feels very realistic and when you stand near the shore you feel video games will never be the same again if a virtual sea can be this overwhelming.  It really feels this game is taking PC gaming to its limits, so if you have a solid rig to run it then you will find here one of the best looking and most technically impressive games for PC ever. Having a system capable of running this beast on ultra-settings will make you think that all your hardware is being put to the test and that your investment was totally worth it.I’m very happy with this version, yes the PC version is awesome and everything is almost flawless.As a good sandbox this open world has literally tons of things to do, it feels huge!Coop is really fun and amazing, with lots of unlockable missions, races, heists, sports, shopping, activities, and a lot more to do, plus they keep adding more and more content.The story mode is well developed and it has funny characters (in their own GTA way). The humor is satirical and politically incorrect (as it should be in a -rated M- GTA). At first I thought the idea of having 3 characters simultaneously was strange and probably not good, but when you play it you realize it works really well.Gameplay wise, driving is well implemented, intuitive and feels natural,  shooting, swimming, running and moving around are too. The game is cool as it is on 3d person already, but it adds the bonus of a 1st person experience, you can switch on the go and it’s really nice too. And with so many types of vehicles, ground, air and sea, and a lot of guns at your disposal, it never feels repetitive or boring. I love clothing and shopping, I have spent hours in the clothing stores, shopping is fun!On the sound department the effects are stunning and I love the soundtrack!, a lot of GTA V songs now are part of my personal playlists.In general a lot of attention was given to every little detail. This is basically a masterpiece and a perfect game, simply one of the very best games there are for PC. Justice has been served for PC gamers and the wait was very much worth. I absolutely love it.So once again, if you don’t have it yet, what are you waiting for?, you should be playing it right now instead of being here reading this.See ya in Los Santos!Vayamos al grano: GTA V es uno de los mejores juegos de siempre, ve y consíguelo de inmediato!.Ahora si quieres saber  más, entonces  vamos a expandirlo un poco más.El juego es divertido, realmente solido en todos los sentidos, los controles y jugabilidad están bien implementados y son responsivos.En el lado técnico, tiene unas gráficas y efectos realmente asombrosos y hermosos, la ciudad luce preciosa, la campiña, las zonas desérticas, los bosques, las playas, las montañas, etc., son todos increíbles.El océano es lo que más me impresionó, en mi opinión es lo más sobresaliente, se siente muy realista y cuando te paras cerca de la orilla sientes que los videojuegos nunca más volverán a ser iguales si un mar virtual puede ser tan sobrecogedor. Realmente se siente como este juego está llevando los videojuegos de PC a sus límites, así que si tienes un equipo sólido para correrlo, entonces descubrirás aquí uno de los más vistosos juegos y también uno de los más impresionantes a nivel técnico para PC jamás logrado. El tener una PC capaz de correr esta bestia en ultra	 te hará sentir que todo tu equipo está siendo puesto a prueba y que tu inversión ha valido la pena.Estoy muy feliz con esta versión, la versión de PC es increíble y casi todo es impecable.Como buen sandbox este mundo abierto tiene literalmente montones de cosas que hacer, ¡se siente enorme!.El cooperativo es realmente divertido e increíble, con muchas misiones desbloqueables, carreras, golpes, deportes, compras, actividades y más por hacer, además le agregan a menudo más y más contenido.El modo de historia está bien desarrollado y posee personajes divertidos (muy a la manera de GTA). El humor es satírico y políticamente incorrecto (como debe ser en un - Clasificación M – GTA). Al principio pensé que la idea de tener 3 personajes simultáneos era extraña y probablemente no muy buena, pero cuando juegas te das cuenta de que funciona muy bien.A nivel de jugabilidad , la conducción está bien implementada, es intuitiva y se siente natural, disparar, nadar, correr y moverte por todos lados lo son también. El juego es genial así, pero  agrega el bono de una experiencia en primera persona, puedes cambiar en cualquier momento y también es genial. A esto agrégale que con tantos vehículos de tierra, aire y agua y con montones de armas a tu disposición, nunca lo sentirás repetitivo o aburrido.A mí me encanta la ropa e ir de compras, he pasado horas en las tiendas de ropa, ¡ir de compras es divertido!En el departamento de sonido los efectos son maravillosos y ¡me encanta el soundtrack!, muchas de las canciones de GTA V ahora forman parte de mis listas de reproducción personales.En general  le pusieron bastante atención a cada pequeño detalle. Esto es básicamente una obra maestra y un juego perfecto, simplemente uno de los mejores juegos que hay para PC. Se le hizo justicia a los gamers de PC y la espera valió la pena. Yo lo adoro, este debe ser la edición definitiva de GTA V.Así que una vez más, si aún no lo tienes, ¿que estas esperando?, deberías estar jugándolo justo ahora en lugar de estar aquí leyendo esto.¡Nos vemos en Los Santos!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32533708,Posted: 18 June,all,Madmonkeyz,"OpenIV was the only good thing that kept the single player still alive. Wish i could honestly refund, only reason i bought this on PC."
,Not Recommended,271590,32468564,Posted: 16 June,all,Gameramante,"Awesome game, but they removed the mod support."
,Not Recommended,271590,32541835,Posted: 18 June,all,Art Vandelay,The one thing keeping single player alive just got ♥♥♥♥ed
,Not Recommended,271590,32463858,Posted: 15 June,all,El_Skéletor,♥♥♥♥ you let me mod the game.
76561198054778425,Not Recommended,271590,16333552,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ra-Ra-Rasputin,"The game itself is good, but Rockstar has shown their greed for everybody to see with the ""Summer Sales"", using it as an excuse to create a crap bundle so that you're forced to buy the game at its full price. Don't be fooled by the ""-25%"" tag."
,Not Recommended,271590,18986828,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Zerote [IKS],"Scam sales?Claims you support mods, you then send private detectives to THREATEN devs of mods, just so you can sell more microtransactions (see: scam sales).Sorry, but despite this game being good, there is absolutely no reason to give your money to a company with as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices as Rockstar and TakeTwo"
,Not Recommended,271590,32473773,Posted: 16 June,all,razorzz,GTA V has turned into the cancer of todays gaming industry. I played hundreds of hours in GTA Online of repetitive non-sense non-fun grinding on console and im done with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,271590,32504071,Posted: 17 June,all,Sepron,"Take two is so disconnected from their player base it makes me worry for the future of GTA. They thought they were losing money before? LOL. Don't get me wrong, Rockstar is good. Taketwo, their parent company, is a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32519359,Posted: 17 June,all,єснόɛร,No mods? Game is boring anyways
,Not Recommended,271590,32449716,Posted: 15 June,all,L. Armani,They got rid of modding and are screwing over a bunch of the poeple who play this game. I fear the likes of FiveM could be next and then I will have wasted $59.99. People have put too much work into modding and things such as FiveM to take it away from us. Let the negative reviews flow.
76561197978468762,Not Recommended,271590,32552213,Posted: 18 June,all,somewhatdamaged_2,Bad move Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32463840,Posted: 15 June,all,Captain Jax,"No more mods, no more money."
,Recommended,271590,15385572,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Schleem,Shoutout to the console peasants for beta testing this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,15616857,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,hazard,"So I bought this game a day after release on PC. The game ran perfectly fine. In fact, it ran even better than expected! I didn't have any issues starting the game up.However, about two weeks after the release, I'm beginning to see problems. I haven't even been able to play the last two days, because the game crashes immediately after launch. I tried safe mode. Other problems include long♥♥♥♥♥loading times, and issues when connecting to other players playing heists.At this point I'd say you should wait until the majority of the launch problems and connection issues are fixed. Of course, they'll never be completely fixed, but I expect better from Rockstar. A couple days ago, in a patch, they even said this,""Fixed a rare issue where the Steam version of the game would crash right after launching.""https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/articles/204909368Like I said, wait until launch and connection/server issues are atleast partially fixed. If you can't wait to buy it, then good luck.I will update this review as the game improves."
,Not Recommended,271590,32549806,Posted: 18 June,all,Cube,"Can't support this company after their constant shady practices, overpriced shark cards, and anti-modding policies."
,Not Recommended,271590,22627199,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kawaccino,"This game is half bad, half good, yeah in that order because bad is the first thing coming to my mind. Why?1- because once you finish the story mode you have nothing left to do if you're not interested in online mode. Seriously, it's so boring to wait for contacts to call you for help. Playing golf, tennis, etc is nice ....... 3 times then it's just boring.2- because online is infested by whining kids and uneducated brats. And no, going in private session is not a solution if you're interested in joining activities as you won't get any notification of any activity. Boring.3- online servers are the most shity things ever! You spend 50% of your time on loading screens. For example, me. I played almost 800H (I'll come back to why later) but in fact, on these 800H I spent about 400H waiting while watching a fuc*ing laoding screen. By the way, you're lucky if you don't regularly see the message ""Loading time too long, back to GTA, try again later to join GTA Online."" or if you're not simply ejected from activities or lobbies because Rockstar servers had a stuttering problem. And no it has nothing to do with my connection as I play on other online games and never had any problem, only with GTA.4- online is boring as hell if you are not interested in doing the same activities again and again and again and don't have a crew to have fun with. Back to my almost 800H of game: Yeah, it's a lot, but it's only because around 300H, when I was ready to give up on the game out of boredom I MET PEOPLE FROM A CREW WITH WHOM I NOW HAVE A LOT OF FUN.5- cheaters everywhere! And a lot a script kiddies who think they are hte best hackers in the world (even if they don't even know how to spell hacker, and even less how to hack) and who spend their time ruining the game for everyone because Rock* don't give a sh*t about them and is only interested in people spawning money bags because they think it influences the sell of their shark cards (as if anyone with two braincells would buy a shark card... oh wait, there are in fact people buying them, go figure...)So now, let's go to the positive points of the game...... Wait, I search some...... I know there are some great things in this game..... Be patient, I'll find one or two...... Hum, oh, maybe that:1- it's GTA! Yeah, GTA games are always good, come on, you know, you love it. Great maps, huge open world, strange humour always funny, nice radio stations and possibility to make your own, nice cars, nice guns, nice races, nice missions, ...2- if you find a crew, and by that I mean a real crew with people you can interact with, not the IGN crew where they are hundreds and nobody talks to anybody, they don't even play together, it's just to be in the IGN crew, well, as I said, if you find a real crew, then GTA can be the most entertaining game of the moment.3- hum, sorry, I can't think of anything else good in that game.So, is that game good? Yes because it's GTA and no because it's way too ♥♥♥♥ed up. Would I recommend it? Yes if you have friends playing it or find yourself a nice crew. If you answered no to any (or both) of these questions, then prepare yourself for  a world or boredom."
,Not Recommended,271590,16334677,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mythical,"I was waiting to buy this game. The Hype surrounding it was fully supported by gameplay. I was ready to buy this in the Summer Sale, and I still did.However, this business practice is horrible. Granted, the game is worth the full $60, and paying $60 for it plus bonuses is wonderful, the fact that there is no base game available makes this nothing other than a cash grab.They may still surpise us yet with 9 days left in the sale. Let's hope."
,Not Recommended,271590,16334673,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,jOEL,"1. Rockstar makes game.2. Game sell good.3. Maked lot money.4. Rockstar let's their greed take hold of them and avoids having to go on sale by raising the price of their game.Not to mention Rockstar is doing nothing about modders in Online.Great game, ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥situation Rockstar has put it in."
,Not Recommended,271590,32496309,Posted: 17 June,all,kato,"No mods = no longevity for this game. I bought it for PC especially for that reason, to be able to expand the game with all these sick mods. Don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472370,Posted: 16 June,all,VermaVulpes,WHY TF I CANT MODDING ANYMORE
,Not Recommended,271590,32482416,Posted: 16 June,all,-McPie-,"Yes, yes, we get it, Take Two killed mods and stuff.I've never tried playing this game with mods because, I'll be honest, I was afraid that I'll get banned from GTA Online. But, would I even bother? At first having an official Online multiplayer mode for GTA was an awesome idea. Too bad it became a Pay2Win, repetitive mess of a game. Wanna have an awesome car? Grind side missions or heists, or pay with real money. Wanna look good? Grind or pay up. This is why everything cost way too much than they should. Like, come on, who pays 2409 bucks for a plain T-shirt which you could buy in any regular clothing shop around the world? Pricing in Saints Row games is way more fair.Not to mention they don't even care about the community (Just like Valve doesn't care about anything with Team Fortress 2). Also track editor for stunt races is broken as hell (My PC crashed twice), imprecise and not comfortable to use. And they didn't even thought about fixing it. Because, you know, money's an issue, ""we gotta milk the hell out of players"".And now, removing mods just shows how hostile to modders they can be. Sure, it floods GTA online with cheaters, but that hurts mostly innocent single player mods. It's possible that when they bring back mods, they'll put it behind a paywall just like Valve wanted to do with Skyrim mods (and probably they still want to cash on mods). So if you really want to stop cheaters, think about single player mods.I suggest spending your money on better GTA clones (such as Saints Row TT/4 or Just Cause 3). If you wanna make awesome and twisted race tracks, get TrackMania(doesn't matter which one). Do not support bad developers."
76561198043392768,Not Recommended,271590,32463857,Posted: 15 June,all,A safe future,Yea these guys kinda are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s when it comes to caring about what their community thinks and wants. Please avoid in the future.
76561198079587319,Not Recommended,271590,32517813,Posted: 17 June,all,Ass Man,Horrible. Rockstar only cares about money. ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,16335045,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ed,"Lets see, day 1 all kinds of bugs and problems. The game did not run well at near minimum requiremnts to even be respectable if you even got it to run.Months later tries to play game again still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥comapred to other hardware demanding titles.Sees the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t sale price of GTA 5 at start of sale which they change after complaints to allowing to buy game at full price.Everyone involved in rockstar's marketing habits with GTA 5 is now on my♥♥♥♥♥♥list. Unlike most♥♥♥♥♥♥lists mine is permanent.So without further adue I will now hand you this marketing department at rockstar:....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...May your asses see punishment so long as you live."
76561198225723100,Not Recommended,271590,32473757,Posted: 16 June,all,Cyber_Zombeh,Go to Nerd2 to see why
76561197970740210,Not Recommended,271590,32522943,Posted: 17 June,all,Cpt-British,"In support of the OpenIVThe base game is a grindfest, mods help keep it fun.♥♥♥♥ Take Two"
76561198061514590,Not Recommended,271590,32519340,Posted: 17 June,all,OOBER RAMPAGE,"long loading screens, anti modding policies, and all content priced to the point where micro transactions are needed"
,Not Recommended,271590,15676290,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Asmodeus - Lettuce,Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together! ♥♥♥♥ rockstar for loosing my cars in bugs.
76561198002589778,Not Recommended,271590,32466143,Posted: 16 June,all,Drojdia Unica,"Don't buy it, it is full of hackers and take two are trying to make it their microtransaction milking cow."
76561198090204498,Not Recommended,271590,32482894,Posted: 16 June,all,Geezus97,"*DONT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU PLAN ON MODDING IT BECAUSE YOU CANT NOW*now, i love the game. dont get me wrong. but the only reason i bought it on pc was for the mods! i even had to upgrade my computer for it. and now i cant play it how i want to. even though rockstar has openly embrassed mods!so i guess if youre fine with playing the game vanilla, go ahead. the game itself is fantastic. but for us who want to play the rediculous or immersive or whatever mods, you need to stay away. because you are not allowed to now aperently.Its a damn shameRIP Open IV*Edit 7/7/2017*Take Two realised that they were shooting themselves in the head with the whole mod thing and they rectracted their cease and desist on open ivHOWEVER, i still can't recomend it because after playing the new gunrunning update. this game has become a GRIND. its among the ranks of clash of clans levels of grinding. it takes forever to get anything done in this game now. but the game is still fun if you dont have to do all that. but of course youre gonna want the new toys, who wouldnt? if so, prepare to grind, my friend"
,Not Recommended,271590,32485549,Posted: 16 June,all,Patty Bags,"Hey! Wanna buy this to have fun and mod? Yeah! Well! I got the good news for you! Kys, buy our stuff in online! Buy out sharkcards! Dont mod! You suck! Kys!But rlly, dont buy this game, its dying, and now rockstar and T2 are just killing this game. They are greedy, rude, and ignorant. They really dont get what players want."
,Not Recommended,271590,32533702,Posted: 18 June,all,⎛DarkXFast⎞ CivilGamers.com,I bought this game for only modding and they banned modding....
,Not Recommended,271590,32479950,Posted: 16 June,all,Wirelesspony,"Take-Two has screwed themselves over and this game by being greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, time to never paly this game again."
,Recommended,271590,15568693,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,[ N1[T]RO ],10/10 i bought it 3 times on 3 platforms...
,Not Recommended,271590,24371187,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Den1Z,got banned until 2036 for no reason I sent them a ticket they respond with copy pasta♥♥♥♥ you rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,30678025,Posted: 22 March,all,Hydrux,1. Trash servers2. Trash player base3. Trash customer support4. Too much grind5. You can get banned if a hacker gives you money and you cant do anything about it6. All that for $30dont buy this trash
76561198002869995,Not Recommended,271590,32476801,Posted: 16 June,all,Dimingo,Take 2 just made one of the best parts about PC gaming illegal for GTAV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32481044,Posted: 16 June,all,Hinki 💙,Game published welcoming mods.Largest modding gateway gets shut down by Take Two.♥♥♥♥ you Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32504092,Posted: 17 June,all,キ Xir,OpenIV
,Recommended,271590,15365311,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,liker,Х у й н я
,Not Recommended,271590,32549833,Posted: 18 June,all,damien the pig,"Thanks Take2 for ruining a big part of the game. single play is bland and adding your own of others content made it so much better. Online is just another money grabbing platform with extorenate prices.On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.EDIT: Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
,Not Recommended,271590,32514774,Posted: 17 June,all,Shivers the 3rd,Support OpenIV.
76561198044459647,Not Recommended,271590,32462855,Posted: 15 June,all,wyattvb,"I loved GTA V. I have well over 15 days logged in my xbox. I bought a PC copy solely for modding. For R* and T@ to give us all such a giant middle finger by shutting down openIV is not only frustrating, is completel, and whole-heartedly inappropriate. I don't know if it will help, but sign this, it may be our best chance to reverse their terrible decision.https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv?recruiter=479357194&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&utm_campaign=share_petition"
,Not Recommended,271590,32521820,Posted: 17 June,all,Stenmann #DetNem,"I've always loved the Grand Theft Auto series, but this thing they got going with GTA V has got to stop. Singleplayer has been completely neglected, while online is getting turned into a hacker-infested pay to win game.Why? Well here's why:-Everything is expensive, while every job gives you nothing. (but still, Take Two recently said they weren't getting enough money out of their players..) You're actually able to see how some of the first cars introduced where at a fair price. You can then go look at the recent dlc's and see a price of 10x the first vehicles.-Hackers are everywhere and none are really getting detected and banned. Atleast not enough for the game to be playable without hackers everywhere.-They recently banned modding in singleplayer in hopes of making SP players go to MP instead. (Allegedly it was to stop hackers in MP, even though this ain't how it works.) So now the only thing that's getting updated with new stuff is the MP part.-Some of all the stuff you can do to make money can't be done without being in a session with other players, which means you're kinda FORCED to be with hackers and rich people with big jets. Casual players like me stands no chance against that.-Russians-Loading screens are WAAAY too long!It's time to stop being greedy! You're destroying the title along with Rockstar games! I hate you Take-Two."
76561197994491731,Not Recommended,271590,32529855,Posted: 18 June,all,Bad Ghandi,Killing the moding comunity? Why?
,Not Recommended,271590,19888937,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JCDENTON,"What could $40 get you in GTA IV?TBOGT and TLAD expansion packs, both seeming like two brand new games themselves, great content for that much money.What could $40 get you in GTA V?One single ♥♥♥♥ing car.I also didn't like the cheater and script kiddie problem"
76561198165740856,Not Recommended,271590,16469470,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Smirking whore from Highgarden,"It was a great game for awhile, but after the whole ""on sale"" joke and now the complete random banwave of innocent people I'm just very dissapointed.Rockstar doesn't even allow people that have been banned to make tickets because on the support forum their accounts are also flagged, so they can't even post anything. It's disgusting to see such a big game business acting so overconfident and not caring at ALL about their player base.Let alone the fact that they can't even properly protect their game in online play, not before and not even after the banwave.For a game of €50,- that's completely unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,271590,32490413,Posted: 16 June,all,Michael Bluejay,Online is unplayable due to hackers. Mods banned from single player. This game is dead.
,Not Recommended,271590,16314818,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MinorDespera,"R✡: This is How We Jew!™A rundown on what they did on Summer Sale 2015:Removed the option to buy the game separately.Introduced packs that include it instead, which upped the price to ~$80, and then discounts bring it back to just about $60 - same price the game had before sale.Every single of these packs coincidentally contain in-game ""shark card"" bonus - virtual money that people can spend in online portion of the game. Trick is, because of that people are unable to issue a refund.Shortly after R* faced the massive consumer outlash they've pulled thecontact info from their website(as of now there's a link to their twitter).In addition to that, they've restored the option to buy GTAV separately... for $60, without discount, making it a few cents more expensive than the shark card packs, essentially sending a huge F-you sign that reads: ""So you want to buy just GTAV? TAKE THIS. Happy yet?"".I know that R* are based in U S of A and don't give a damn about EU laws, but in many countries over here such shenanigans are illegal and can lead to lawsuit."
,Not Recommended,271590,32482892,Posted: 16 June,all,❤ Jeffrey ✈,"banned modding, will uninstall and not support this company until they reverse their decision. terrible move. negative review."
76561198005174612,Not Recommended,271590,15676259,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TheCherry,Can't use the FOV mod anymore in fear of being banned.
,Not Recommended,271590,15676367,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ÆTHER GHOUL,STOP THE BANS FOR FOV MODDING
,Not Recommended,271590,32606604,Posted: 20 June,all,Shickaboo,"Cracking down on multiplayer mods, fair play to ya. But cracking down on single player mods? Go to hell. 0/10"
76561198018418287,Not Recommended,271590,16331885,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Blackguard,"Rockstar is ripping off their customers with this ""sale-offer"""
,Not Recommended,271590,32546630,Posted: 18 June,all,GeneralSnail,"Take-Two literally ♥♥♥♥ed up story, this wasn't Rockstars fault, as Rockstar is owned by Take-Two. (Edit down below).Rockstar has always supported the modding community and always promoted modding, but Take-Two had to come in and ♥♥♥♥ it up. Now, don't only worry about GTA V, as Take-Two also has full access to all the previous Rockstar titles, and the ones to come (Red Dead 2, GTA VI Etc.) as well as there recently bought Kerbal Space Program, which has one of the biggest modding communities Ive ever seen.If Take-Two wants to clean up their act, they better do it now, before their games dive into the ditch.And remember, it doesn't take 1 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it Takes-TwoAlso, sign this petition (I didn't make it By the way):https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openivEdit:On June 23rd 2017, Take-Two pulled from their cease and desist letter to OpenIV. OpenIV will be continuing development of their software, and mods will continued to be used. Rockstar recently talked with OpenIV, and according to Pc Gamer, it went well. Quote from Pc Gamers article:""This morning, along with a new statement about its stance on singleplayer modding, Rockstar told PC Gamer that it was talking to the lead developer of OpenIV. It certainly sounds like that conversation went well and it appears that OpenIV will be continuing development, which also suggests Take-Two has dropped its legal challenge against OpenIV.""Link to article:http://www.pcgamer.com/gta-modding-tool-openiv-receives-an-update-signaling-development-will-continue/?ns_campaign=article-feed&amp;ns_mchannel=ref&amp;ns_source=steam&amp;ns_linkname=0&amp;ns_fee=0I will now be giving this game a positive review, because it deserves it."
76561198087857817,Not Recommended,271590,16330482,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AdidasTracksuit,Changed price to $79 right before summer sale. Greedy move.
,Not Recommended,271590,15677698,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[XIII] Alpha-087,"Was a great game until Rockstar went nuts with throwing the banhammer at singleplayer modders, people using the FOV mod, ect.  The longevity of this game is already limited, but without mods don't expect it to be nearly as great as the GTA:SA days until a third party multiplayer mod is created."
,Not Recommended,271590,16422952,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Flock Off,"Really Rockstar? You jack up the price and add in a Shark Card, which makes the game non-refundable by the way, and put it on sale for full price? That's not even enough? You decide to make a bundle with 2 Shark Cards for $30, then make it 33% off but claim it includes the full game, just to make it look like your game is $20 on sale? You make me sick. I liked the game, I loved some of your other titles, but now...now you've proven that profit is more important than fans. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar. Never buying anything from you again, and telling everyone I know to do the same"
,Not Recommended,271590,16335106,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Treemium,Great game.Raising the price to include stupid DLC to make you pay almost full price while it's on sale is just ♥♥♥♥ing greedy. ♥♥♥♥ off Rockstar.
76561198027987263,Not Recommended,271590,16315354,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Griffolian,"I've had this game on my wishlist for a while, it would have been a purchase once it went on sale, but way to go Rockstar...talk about shady."
,Not Recommended,271590,32517795,Posted: 17 June,all,Pyroder,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
,Recommended,271590,15346315,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kenuty,"Third time buying the game, I threw up some pros and cons I felt so far and a video of gameplay with my rig. Works great runs great. Will be aquiring a Titan X soon to run this baby hard on 4k. Going to cut the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and get straight to the point.myspecsCpu - Intel Core i7-3960X Extreme EditionMemory 64 gig ddr3 2133 GskillVideo Card = EVGA 680 GTX SIGNATURE EDITION SUPERCLOCKED  superclockedMotherboardASUS Rampage IV Extreme LGA 2011 Intel X79Window 7 64 BitPros+ Runs great if you meet min req. Tinkering around can get you even better graphics and optimization if you know what you are doing.+ Great menu and settings for pc to tinker with if but if you're lagging, don't push your settings stupid.+ GLORIOUS 60 FPS+ Online is fantastic. There was only some rubberbanding on the network play during racing but it wasn't too bad+ The amount of activities you can do for this game+ Open world Hours of gameplay, From tennis to arm wrestling and hell, even make your own shenanigansgames with friends.+ Multiplayer is what will keep you coming back+ Immersive world+ This is worth EVERY penny, This is what a TRIPLE A should look like on a PC and should be the standard. Finally a game that represents Glorious PC master race by pushing its limits and also helping those who doesn't have the most powerful rig yet.+ Powerful Editing tool for video editing will keep me making derp videos and comedy and whatever the hell you like. So powerful on the pc.+ Transferred my console to pc and shed tearsCons- The driving sensitivity is a bit high, REALLY HIGH so it takes time to get use to and there isn't any setting to tweak it- Controls can be wonky for some vehicles and requires configuration- Those cons are personal really and besides that there isn't any other con except the fact that this game doesn't come with a packs of energy drinks and food and that I haven't gotten Titan X yet to see its full 4k ++++ glory. Will be twiddling my thumbs for it.OTHERS- Hiest servers are super congested atm, will experience intermittent lag between games, you'll look like your partner crashes into thing as if he can't drive worth a damn BUT HE CAN AND ITS LAG. I yelled at his♥♥♥♥♥for being more asian than I am.I know its a year old and the delays but from the work done to it and how its running so farThanks for finally bringing it to pc.* For those asking, I am with Gamerace on Socialclub under GAME, so join up and start killingAutomatic top 10 GotyAGAINVideo Impression/Review(It goes straight to the point and isn't 30 minutes)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ1zCtjqNpA&feature=youtu.beHit me up if you like the review and follow on curator or just want to be a part of the works I'll be working on. Oh and will throw up a look at MKX."
,Not Recommended,271590,32483665,Posted: 16 June,all,astrognome,"Take 2 doesn't care about you, they care about your money and they'll nerf your experience to get it."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,271590,32490434,Posted: 16 June,all,stuguy909,"1)  Rockstar has betrayed its fans and declared that modding their software is in violations of its terms and conditions.  The popular modding suite from OpenIV that tens of thousands of GTA players use to run fun mods like LSPDFR, has received a cease and desist letter from Take Two Interactive's legal team.  Take Two is the parent company of Rockstar.2)  Rockstar has made it mandatory to connect to Rockstar's social club in order to play any aspect of GTA, including single player.  Thus, any use of ""illegal"" mods or cheats can result in a ban from using Rockstar's online service, thus, you will no longer be able to play GTAV, even though you paid for it.  Rockstar has taken the stance that you no longer own a copy of the software, rather, license the privilege to use its software on the condition that you adhere to every single one of Rockstar's ever changing terms.3)  It isn't lost on my that Rockstar has been fighting a seemingly losing battle to stop cheaters in the online game, many of whom are using mods that use OpenIV's plugin.  However, TakeTwo Interactive has also gone after another modding community that was creating a private server mod for GTAV that would enable people to play GTAV on private servers with mods and not ruin the GTA Online experience for other players.  Instead of meeting the consumer half way and either securing GTA Online better, or supporting private LAN or private servers like most games do, TakeTwo and Rockstar once again show that they are only concerned with corporate profits, and do not wish the players to play GTAV in any other mode or setting unless Take Two can have complete control and profit from it.I will no longer be supporting a mindless corporate machine that wishes to seek legal action against its consumer base for modifying the product to suit one's own needs.  I am effectively boycotting Take Two Interactive and Rockstar."
76561197960283782,Not Recommended,271590,16323133,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,fatyr,"Rockstar, this is what you get for raising the price just before the Summer Sale......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32491526,Posted: 16 June,all,Cobraman202,"♥♥♥♥ed over mods, owners view consumers as money printers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32527007,Posted: 17 June,all,SlyMikael,"I would ordinarily reccomend this game, however I can't justify reccomending a game being sold by a company that treats customers and the single player modding community this badly."
,Not Recommended,271590,32482891,Posted: 16 June,all,wicked,Take Two ruined mods. DO NOT BUY
76561198174430570,Not Recommended,271590,24031623,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,haboshe,Play Fair = Got Banned
76561198264202006,Not Recommended,271590,32478351,Posted: 16 June,all,ZombieHitman64,Just because of Take Two's stupidity
,Not Recommended,271590,32475282,Posted: 16 June,all,YurBoiRene,Nice one Take-Two
,Not Recommended,271590,32502553,Posted: 17 June,all,Scrappa,Rockstar's games have become about farming players for money with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions.
76561198080081049,Not Recommended,271590,32522947,Posted: 17 June,all,Sir Eric Jack Pickles,"Thanks for ruining modding Take Two, really smart smooth......."
,Not Recommended,271590,32557499,Posted: 18 June,all,MrBeanz,No mod support?  I'm done.
,Not Recommended,271590,16330591,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Andyboy,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\... Rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,24853341,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,BallZac,"support sucks, online bugs and banned for no reason"
,Not Recommended,271590,16327463,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Greger,"Game is great, company can suck my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.http://gyazo.com/40691afd0c3f8c7b791b5a7eea55c53d(Blue bar indicates a major price bump the day before the sale that effectively negates the effect of the 25% discount)I mean, HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ did you think this was okay in any way?It's times like these when I wished there were hitmen that didn't kill people, they just walk up and punch people in the throat and just yell ""NO! POOPFACE!""Why you should not buy this game right now* Within the ""discounted"" game, they bundled a micro transaction, which means you CANNOT get a refund, no matter how much you regret the purchase.* Rockstar is being a bunch of asshats and need to realize their mistake (although they are probably so far up their asses, so they won't)* The micro transaction itself (in game money in online play) is pretty much useless, the only thing you'll get is probably a somewhat fancy car and a pinch of regret."
,Not Recommended,271590,32479946,Posted: 16 June,all,Sanyeri,"Now when the mods are out of the game, I can't name a one reason to buy this game. You may think it's fun to just drive around the map and kill people, but after few months, it gets REALLLLLLLLLY boring. Missions are completed quickly, and they're not that fun. So do yourself a favor, and don't buy this game."
76561198131316470,Not Recommended,271590,15658073,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dark_Chuck,"Waste of money, you have to be a Fecking computer wiz just to turn the damned thing on. I played it on the Xbox 360 first, and let me say even then it only gets a 7.5, 8.5 tops. It's a good game, just completely overated. The storyline is jumbled a crappy. Some parts are fun, the heists are no challenge. I hate the stupid Red Dead redemption weapon wheel.So many of the missions are lame, filler where it's just ""Pick up a car, drive somebody around blah blah blah blah blah."""
,Not Recommended,271590,32498461,Posted: 17 June,all,Betty Blue,Wont play another minute until modding is supported
76561198071585967,Not Recommended,271590,32528904,Posted: 18 June,all,Destroyer of Naps,Bring back the mods.
76561198005706769,Not Recommended,271590,32572316,Posted: 19 June,all,Propaganda Panda (jake),way to kill a community take two
76561198336797232,Not Recommended,271590,32456330,Posted: 15 June,all,CJ,Thanks for ruining the game a-holes! >:(
76561198085401433,Not Recommended,271590,32446990,Posted: 15 June,all,Sokomo,pice of shiite
,Not Recommended,271590,32492506,Posted: 16 June,all,Silvers1999,take two ruined it
,Not Recommended,271590,32504072,Posted: 17 June,all,Lollerich,Good job on killing the mod support for this game!
,Not Recommended,271590,32502494,Posted: 17 June,all,lavinytuttini,"We are on PC, we don't accept policies as this one, forbidden mods in single player? You're a closed chapter in my life... and I'm starting a new one ""without you"", feel the pc gamers real life.So Take-two, take-two like this:....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32600130,Posted: 20 June,all,SHAZAMDAMAN123,"In the name of open IV and GTA Machinima, go suck a big one, Take Two!"
76561198296371341,Not Recommended,271590,32521828,Posted: 17 June,all,princess Tyrone,BRING MODDING BACK ♥♥♥♥♥E$
,Not Recommended,271590,32527928,Posted: 17 June,all,Gunnzi,"Game was good, not anymore.Would not recommend."
76561198051756972,Not Recommended,271590,32511343,Posted: 17 June,all,GreyGoose987,No OpenIV for me means no money for you! I won't be buying GTA 6.
,Not Recommended,271590,15661423,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,"Rockstar, has once again made a classic but the classic is getting muddled with company policy.Right now, they are banning people with mods, some reports of them done from single player. Constant patching to stop any sort of modding. Couldn't they just make a separate version of Single Player and Online, so the online version doesn't load anything? Nope.Then the constant issues and bad optimization. Crashes, can't load, stuck on loading screens, bad support, exceptionally constricting FOV (and attempts to make the mod invalid) that makes you puke, memory leaks, memory leaks, memory leaks, memory leaks, did I mention memory leaks? Well, memory leaks, lots of it!Since GTAIV, Rockstar has been a disaster on the PC scene, not releasing Red Dead Redemption, to shoddy ports like this. I would have assumed that they might have learned how bad GTAIV was when released due to performance issues, and being a crappy port. Nope, they didn't learn a thing! Delays after delays and they released another shoddy port.What sort imbecile creates an FOV with such restrictive options?! I loved the idea of the First Person perspective, but after throwing up TWICE, I gave up using it. The last time I had an issue with FOV was with Half-Life 2 when they changed FOV between FPS and vehicle use to simulate speed.I also assumed, due to the extreme time it took to get this out to PC that they would at least figure out that some peripherals, like a Rudder or a Joystick can't be used for typing. But if you do own any of them, especially a rudder pedal, when you type your login details in the horrid idea of a social club, it won't allow you to. It will pop-up a virtual keyboard, requiring you to use the rudder so it allows you to type on the keyboard.Not only that, some textures look washed out, or blurry. Where are the High Definition textures you get in games like Shadows of Mordor?For a classic to be sullied by bad policies like this, is truly saddening. This is, quite likely, the last time I buy any Rockstar game, until they figure their♥♥♥♥♥♥out."
76561198032400538,Not Recommended,271590,32475284,Posted: 16 June,all,BlaydeZ28,:(
76561198062651466,Not Recommended,271590,32482102,Posted: 16 June,all,I wish I was better at this game,"They're screwing over modding which is what most PC players buy for. The mods they are killing only affect singleplayer. They're trying to force people into GTA Online and force them to buy Shark Card so they can keep milking money from their game that's already the 4th best selling game of all time. Don't give them more money, if we don't stand up to this then other companies will do the same thing and modding for everything will die."
,Not Recommended,271590,32528893,Posted: 18 June,all,Nuclear Psychology,"They took out mods, so there is no real point in playing the online grindfest."
,Not Recommended,271590,32519285,Posted: 17 June,all,ZSNO,How to turn a community against you really fast.Try to take more money because people are having fun without constantly paying.
,Not Recommended,271590,32529811,Posted: 18 June,all,Akulav,"Take Two banned OpenIV, which means huge modding and game customatization possibilities. Dont buy any game from them. They will propably learn from mistakes. Sign the petition herehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32520654,Posted: 17 June,all,JozayyRozayIn4K,Took all of my money away and everything is expensive as ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,271590,32497290,Posted: 17 June,all,SellusWallace,Removing modding support simultaneously removed any urges I had to play this game again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32558275,Posted: 18 June,all,FROZEZONE22,"Not only did we have to wait years to play this game on pc, but now years later you take away the best thing about playing this game. Take Two and Rockstar get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and stop ♥♥♥♥ing with our mods. We will not be silent about this and you can expect pc gamers to fight tooth and nail over this ludicrous decision."
,Not Recommended,271590,32498485,Posted: 17 June,all,Pigeon,"Thank you,Take-Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32422815,Posted: 14 June,all,CartmanKusanagi,"♥♥♥♥ you Take Two and Rockstar!RIP OpenIV, you will be deeply missed."
76561197990026343,Not Recommended,271590,32552208,Posted: 18 June,all,Dboss,"Take Two has destroyed the modding community in this game in one fell swoop. Instead of allowing Rockstar to release new and engaging single player content, instead they have decided to milk their customers for every dime that they can.The base game itself has made over one billion dollars. How did Take Two decide to move forward with this massive success? They decided to add a micro-transaction system to support new content that is online only and derail the celebrated history of top tier single player DLC. Instead, now the player is left with more and more expensive content that either destroys the desire to play the game online accrewing it with in game options; or you are given the option to purchase a ""sharkcard"" that will give  you in game money for real money.What does this have to do with mods? With mods, players could create their own content, or enjoy the pay-gated content in single player. This cuts into Take Two's profits by not forcing players to play online and hop on the endless, hopeless, and tedious treadmill of grinding for money to enjoy the content that should have been issued with a $60 game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32569023,Posted: 19 June,all,4Chan_Is_My_God_Now,"Do you enjoy microtransations in a full pried AAA game?Do you enjoy not being able to mod the games you own?Do you enjoy not getting any single player DLC for 2 years, even though multipayer gets new content every week?Do you enjoy not being able to use any of the online content in singleplayer because Take-Two are a bunch of money ♥♥♥♥♥s?If so, then GTA ""How not to run a buisness simulator"" 5 is for you."
76561198068837153,Not Recommended,271590,32543464,Posted: 18 June,all,vegardthedystryr,"Game is fun at times, but with the knowledge that a hefty amount of gameplay was cut from the final release in order to accomodate the online play of which they do not support individuals or innovation, but rather Rockstar and Take 2's own pocketbooks, I cannot reccommend that anyone buy this game in good faith. I am now VERY concerned about the release of Red Dead Redemption 2."
,Not Recommended,271590,22641046,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,[THF] Synkro,Are you looking for a game filled to the brim with hackers and scripters are you tired of traditional games where the devs care about the community and listen to their complaints do you ever feel like you need a real good hard kick in the nuts or♥♥♥♥♥♥then this is the game for you
,Not Recommended,271590,16319429,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Noxiosus,"I love this game, I really do, I have over 300 hours on this game including the Xbox One version.But for about 2 weeks now the amount of hackers have just been rising and rising in number throwing millions of dollars everywhere and killing the entire lobby with a push of a button. If Rockstar does not fix this problem soon this game will die very fast sadly."
76561198130865930,Not Recommended,271590,32511341,Posted: 17 June,all,CWH11,bring back Openiv!WE NEED IT!
76561198042030022,Not Recommended,271590,16316984,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,xthisisapersonx,"Nonstop issues since launch with this game. Constant crashes, constant server outtages, sincerely regret buying this game. What a letdown."
,Not Recommended,271590,32456323,Posted: 15 June,all,RenegadeFerret,"After years of mods being praised by Rockstar, Take Two Interactive decided mods should be disabled.  Grand Theft Auto is no longer the leader in sandbox."
,Not Recommended,271590,16334663,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,CrytekGod,great game and all but ♥♥♥♥ing stupid sales tactic.
,Recommended,271590,24633949,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SнagzyDODOOL,"Had this since launch on PS3, have since owned it on PS4 and now PC. Only game I've ever owned on three platforms.Managed to transfer all my progress (houses, cash etc) from PS3 character. Game looks fantastic on PC, no wonder it took so long. This isn't your average PC port. Performance is generally around 60fps on high/ultra mix with a GTX980Ti and i7 config.To the game. Personally I'd say the campaign is worth the price alone. You control three characters, with varying degrees of likeability. Story is lengthy and fun. Lots of side missions. Great humour throughout. Solid script. Bank heists are great. Everything you expect from a classic GTA game.To the multiplayer, where a total gem can be found. A true open-world title. You can do as much or as little as you want in the multiplayer. Feel free to just explore, or undertake in the endless number of missions available. You can even play user created games, or create your own!Online heists were added, and although only 5 of them, they are a huge amount of fun playing. (Especially with friends) each heist requires several setup missions - all varied in nature. Heists are one of the best ways to build up currency for GTAOnline.Why would you need currency online? Because there is literally a mountain of things to buy. 100's of cars, planes, helicopters, yachts, weapons properties. You need a lot of cash if you want to live the Los Santos high-life. Participating in jobs online also pays (though not much) this could be races, team deathmatches, stunt rides or contact missions.PvP is also pretty well done, with mayhem potential considering some people have purchased tanks, jets and all sorts of advanced weaponry. Tip, if you're low ranked, think twice about starting trouble with any higher ranked players. If you're fed up of players C4'ing you new hypercar there is a passive mode, which means you can no longer be shot (or shoot)There doesn't appear to be any online level cap, so you can keep advancing. Though the final unlocks for weapons happen around 120 (minigun)My only two negatives would be -- Modders. Modding splits a community in two. Some people love it, some hate it. GTAOnline is ravaged by modders. My opinion is that modding is fine, if on the single player, or doing random jokey things online. It can lead to hilarious moments (shoutout to the guy who spawned a coffin around my waist and seagull on my head) but equally ruins the game. Here's why - some may have no intention of harming other players, and instead throw endless money on people (probably as two-fingered salute to R*'s extortionate cash-cards you can purchase with real £'s (£60 for $8m credits)) Great! You say. Not really. It's fine for those of you that just want to buy things with zero effort, but it leaves mission lobbies as ghost zones, noone does missions, because it's easier to beg a modder for cash. (You see this in EVERY lobby) Taking cash from modders can also get you banned from GTAOnline. So, even the good modding is bad online. Why grind a 30 minute mission for <$50k, when a modder drops $2m in 5 minutes... Sadly, this is now the mindset of most players.Now to the bad modders. Modders who use mods for PvP purposes. This could be all your usual expected PC game hacks. Aimbots, boosted health, invincibility, teleportation etc. But it can also be so much more. Modders can literally wipe every single player with a push of a button. They can set it so players spawn, and instantly explode - leaving it impossible to quit the server unless manually shut down GTA in task manager.They can change the rain to jumbo jets, crashing PC's as they cannot cope with the strain 100's of jumbos falling causes. Griefers can place giant blades outside apartments that destroy your vehicles the moment you leave your garage. They can drop UFO's on you when you're trying to fight, fire endless rockets out of their rocketproof cars. It's literally an endless headache playing vs modders who want to agitate the server - best option is to change servers, but most the same currently.- Second negative is just a general lack of cool details in Los Santos. In San Andreas, if you saw a pinball machine, or a pool table, chances are you could use it. In GTAV this isn't the case. Not a massive issue, just an observation.There is so much more I could say about the game. Overall the amount of free DLC added since launch, plus endless XP events and sales held weekly for in-game items, new game-modes. This is by far the best value for money game I've ever bought. £35 is almost incredible, given the trend of charging for DLC etc. Rockstar have given it all for free."
,Not Recommended,271590,32498459,Posted: 17 June,all,WonnyGee,lEtS fOrBiD pEoPlE fRoM uSiNg mOdS
76561198134895777,Not Recommended,271590,32540192,Posted: 18 June,all,Loratan,No more modding lads!Back to Skyrim it is then.
,Not Recommended,271590,32461728,Posted: 15 June,all,XmentalX,I bought this copy of the game to experiment with modding I have purchased 4 copies of GTA V and serving a takedown notice to a modder is just plain greedyhttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,32484266,Posted: 16 June,all,AG3C,Single-player mods should not be a bannable offense
,Not Recommended,271590,32451824,Posted: 15 June,all,goat godz,Take2 old wrinkly greedy money loving corporate idiots that ♥♥♥♥ over their own paying customers WHO BOUGHT THE SAME GAME 3 TIMES. Take Two is playing that corporate stereotype.
,Not Recommended,271590,32527923,Posted: 17 June,all,ey b0ss,greedy c*nts
76561198009002533,Not Recommended,271590,16329477,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ephras,"Increasing the price before a sale, fair business.Not."
,Not Recommended,271590,16324058,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,King Kieron,DO NOT BUY IN THE SUMMER SALERockstar has raised the price of this game during the summer sale so you think you are getting a better deal when in fact it hasn't changed at all...
,Not Recommended,271590,32545008,Posted: 18 June,all,ms5ooo,"Follow the damn train, CJ!Get GTA San Andreas instead... (mobile or desktop), more fun, more posibilities, better world - and mods!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32468566,Posted: 16 June,all,Ｊｅｓｓｅ ペ イ ン,RIP GTA
76561198031390439,Not Recommended,271590,32549802,Posted: 18 June,all,The Woodsman,"Seems kinda redundant to do this after 90% of all PC gamers have bought it, myself included, but what the hell."
76561197968566900,Not Recommended,271590,32504052,Posted: 17 June,all,Mulletman262,"Bought this game for literally no other reason than single player mods. If you're going to remove the one thing I play for, especially for a reason you know is false, at least give me my money back."
76561198033338908,Not Recommended,271590,32528873,Posted: 18 June,all,DeadlySprout,"Corporate greed at its finest! Please, I encourage people not to let this set a precedent and give the greenlight to other, terrible publishers, to carry on these terrible trends in the industry.I for one will now be boycotting R* products and other Take Two affililated games. I won't tell anyone else what they should be doing, but do take a look at other bad examples of these trends (DLC, locked content, P2W,...) and how they came to be, and make your own decisions."
76561198124352031,Not Recommended,271590,32466134,Posted: 16 June,all,connorw347,due to constant moneygrabbing tactics they have ruined the game
,Not Recommended,271590,32552211,Posted: 18 June,all,Geric,"This game has only so much playability. First runthrough in story is always fun. Seeing new mechanics, new gameplay, new everything. Mods add many more hours of gameplay to that. However, Take Two is taking away this ability. Unless this game goes on sale for 20 dollars, it's not worth it."
76561197998137933,Not Recommended,271590,16368117,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hookrar,"You don't make PC gamers wait a year, then jack the price up for the summer sale.gtaV is fine, but RockStar sucks. Also, their overpriced in game cash in an insult.I preordered this game, but this 25% summer sale markup earns my negative vote."
76561198079493851,Not Recommended,271590,32553124,Posted: 18 June,all,Kilgrave,"What an insult to the modding community...especially since OpenIV is specifically designed for singleplayer. Good job, Take Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32478300,Posted: 16 June,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,OpenIV is dead just for greedy actions.It does not violate the Rockstar modding rules.
76561198067278609,Not Recommended,271590,32493461,Posted: 16 June,all,Pope Penis II ur m8ing partner,"I don't normaly write reviews so im gonna keep this short and sweet. I absolutly love this game and i have played it since release across three platforms, however i am unable to recomend it. What was once a game of freedom has turned into a giant cash grab, with prices in online becoming increasingly outrageous almost forcing the user to choose between weeks of grinding, modding or buying shark cards. The latest Gunrunning update is a clear example of this, to buy the cheapest Bunker it costs around 1.3 million, however after all the pretty much NECASSARY improvements are purchased, it ends up costing northwards of 2 million. Rockstar is a massive company with 3.3 Billion, yes  Billion, dollars to its name. Unless Rockstar stops being greedy little ****, i can sadly see my long and enjoyable saga with this game coming to a close soon."
,Not Recommended,271590,32490432,Posted: 16 June,all,Rhoboat,Man ♥♥♥♥ you guys
76561198002928763,Not Recommended,271590,31141955,Posted: 14 April,all,Black Phoenix,"The single player is pure fun. It is great. Unfortunately that fun turns into pure disgust and frustration when i made the mistake of launching the GTA online. The online mode combines everything that can be wrong in an online title... constant disconnects, laggy peer to peer hosting, cheaters, modders, pointless open world pvp which is enabled by default, horribly unbalanced deathmach modes (with no reconnect or a real team balancing). Every single remotely interesting online mode/race is empty and everything aside the featured adversary mode is just unplaylable. Also - no server/game browser.tldr : The single player is great but the multiplayer part is PURE CANCER."
,Not Recommended,271590,29975023,Posted: 16 February,all,sub357 @ temp hideout,"I really tried to see the best sides of the game, but i cant do it anymore.Roxtar doesnt give a♥♥♥♥♥about the cheater problem which turns the multiplayer into a nightmare.The community discussions are filled with ban complaints but  public lobbies are still full of haxors. Roxar didnt change their policy since gta4, where you could meet a trainer-user at every corner."
,Not Recommended,271590,32492496,Posted: 16 June,all,HairyDanimals,This is what happens when you lie about making single player DLC and then get butthurt when the community makes their own single player content.
,Not Recommended,271590,32462853,Posted: 15 June,all,Nav,♥♥♥♥ take2
,Recommended,271590,15414321,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,GizkaFreechman,I can taste the console peasants' tears
,Not Recommended,271590,32541839,Posted: 18 June,all,Dimitri,TakeTwo
76561198159858175,Not Recommended,271590,32531100,Posted: 18 June,all,NippleNuggets,Wish I hadn't given Rockstar my money. ♥♥♥♥ them. And especially ♥♥♥♥ take two.RIP openIV...
76561198038612515,Not Recommended,271590,32531092,Posted: 18 June,all,I Too Love Anime,With no single player dlc in sight and bannings of modding I cannot support this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32496315,Posted: 17 June,all,NZHMinipug,RIP GTA.
,Not Recommended,271590,32511350,Posted: 17 June,all,DannyBWell,Give us back open iv take 2
,Not Recommended,271590,28387848,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Wozzbot,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htH8bp7WfpU&t=13s
76561198010674701,Not Recommended,271590,16334653,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,fernandoazahel,The game keeps getting more unstable with the new patches that are being released and there are a lot of modders online ruinning online sessions.
,Not Recommended,271590,32511359,Posted: 17 June,all,Hack Farmskins.com,10/10 Take Two - Mindset
76561198085811108,Not Recommended,271590,32572326,Posted: 19 June,all,Two,"ruined mod support, ruined single player fun, after the storymode singleplayer isnt really fun without use of mods to add more to it, it's rather bland as a base, not much to do after finishing missions, multiplayer you either buy shark cards or f*** off because your not getting anything, you'll just get a bunch of poor match-finding missions or doing interactive missions in the online when you just get stopped by hackers, getting rid of openIV doesnt stop hackers, you need to take better action and precaution rather than ruining everyone's singleplayer experience"
,Not Recommended,271590,32558258,Posted: 18 June,all,Mechanical Proxy,"Over 50 new vehicles along with tons of other content have been added in updates since the game released on PC, but none of it is available in singleplayer.  The only way to access this content is via online multiplayer, where you have to slowly grind for ingame money or pay real money for pricey ""shark cards"".  Many of the cars cost over a million ingame dollars before you even customise them, and $100 of real money only gets you 8 million ingame dollars.  This is on top of the game still costing $60 years after release and rarely ever going on sale.Previously it was possible to enjoy update content in singleplayer through the use of mods, however the game's publisher has recently begun cracking down on singleplayer mods and threatening legal action against the creators of said mods.The best part of GTA to me has always been the extensive freedom to experiment with lots of cars and weapons and other neat toys in an expansive sandbox world, and all these restrictions are unprecedented for the series.  All development focus now seems to be on monetizing the online multiplayer, and I am fearful for the future of this series.  At this point I cannot recommend the game to anyone who doesn't have limitless disposeable income to get around the MMO-style grind, since massive amounts of the game's content is unavailable in singleplayer for seemingly no other reason than incetivizing multiplayer microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,271590,32519310,Posted: 17 June,all,Vector,I just want mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32569036,Posted: 19 June,all,Adminichigan,This game after taking down mods feels like a barren microtransaction-filled hackerbox
,Not Recommended,271590,16322855,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Neonerer,"What can I say to Rockstar marketing department. Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥and die for raising price just before sale. This is the first and last game I'm buying from you......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,16322998,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,-=Crazy=- ThE_LaDy!,"Just bought it yesterday since I thought ""wohoo, it's off!"" just to realize today that my husband bought it for almost the same price a while ago... I dunno who is responsible for that brilliant marketing move but I would highly recommend sending that person/department on some seminars on how not to obviously screw customers over. Gonna get a refund on it now and hope that we'll see the game with its orgiginal price and a good deal on it on this sale again, cause I really don't like to dislike Rockstar Games...Update:Aaand I just realized that you can't refund the game thanks to the nice In-Game money boost Rockstar is giving out which is credited as soon as you start the game (which I obviously did to be able write a review)I don't think there is much Rockstar can do at this point to make this okay again..."
,Not Recommended,271590,16347940,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Halo,"""♥♥♥♥ you we want money"" - Rockstar"
76561198063726650,Not Recommended,271590,16073326,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dysis,"While Grand Theft Auto V has proved to be a fun game for me in the past, when I bought it on PC I was plagued with troubles. It's at the point where the game just isn't playable to me. I've had a rockstar support ticket open for about a month and a couple weeks, and all Rockstar support has done is give me the same troubleshooting tips over and over again. Their support system has been the worst I've ever experienced and if you decide to buy the game I hope you do not have any troubles with it, because Rockstar support won't help you at all.Because of that alone, I'm not going to recommend this game to people. When you have an issue that makes the game unplayable, and the company's support team just gives you the same message over and over, it becomes pretty pointless. Either way, I wish you the best of luck if you decide to play this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,23400343,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MadMax,Top notch when it comes to offline modeVery very very bad when it comes to online experience.Hacker everywhere
76561198091603301,Not Recommended,271590,15676278,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,123,"crazy amount of stuttering and fps drops, im not using near my max vram... also they will auto-ban you for using mods"
,Recommended,271590,30658555,Posted: 21 March,all,Nihil Reich,I didn't get banned yet.
,Not Recommended,271590,32653901,Posted: 22 June,all,PleasureMeSanta,"Modding is What kept this game alive,  If it wasn't for the sandbox gameplay then  this game wouldn't be successful"
,Not Recommended,271590,32462840,Posted: 15 June,all,Spartan322,"I'm only reviewing for the modding bull that Take Two is pulling, though admitedly the game is full of content and absolutely no depth, it doesn't even have the strength of Just Cause without modding, I don't have much reason to own it thinking about it. Especially now cause of Take Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32549826,Posted: 18 June,all,-=SQUID=-,"Was a great game, had the potential to live on for a long time with the modding community.hopefully this will change but at the current time I would recommend any other game instead of this one."
,Not Recommended,271590,32494338,Posted: 16 June,all,MaxonRelaxon,Take Two removed modding on single player.
,Not Recommended,271590,32538602,Posted: 18 June,all,MortalJohn,"GTA V is a fantastic singleplayer game, with a multiplayer game on top that rockstar keeps trying to shove down their player bases throats. Rockstar and Take Two need to get a life an learn that no one cares about their dumb online mico transactiojn riddled corpse of a game any more, and it's all their fault."
76561198042708727,Not Recommended,271590,32449707,Posted: 15 June,all,deadworld101,"On behalf of the OPENIV team, ♥♥♥♥ YOU"
,Not Recommended,271590,32481030,Posted: 16 June,all,Punkamania,"NOTICE: DONT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT TO PLAY MODSAs of 6/16/2017, Open Iv, the application you use to install 80% of all GTA V Mods, has been taken down becuse because of a cease and desistRockstar Games is not the problem here. Its their parent company Take 2 Interactive. The only reason why I got this game on Pc is to play Mods. Now that Take 2 hasforcefullytaken that from us I'll be glad to tell you that I will no longer play this game since there is no need to play it on this platform."
76561197994203424,Not Recommended,271590,32541826,Posted: 18 June,all,jsmith,Anti-consumer publisher that will happily toss the work of a vibrant and established modding community so they can scrape more money out of our wallets.
,Not Recommended,271590,32505537,Posted: 17 June,all,Appelflap64,"Take two and Rockstar really digged their own grave with this action.I never modded GTA 5 (Cuz I feared my online progress would all be for nothing)Though I did use Open IV often to mod GTA IV which was ofcourse a lot of fun.To make it clear, I don't dislike the game that much.But this drastic and completely useless actionfrom Take Two and Rockstar proves that they flipped us all off.And I don't even wanna start on about how many machinima creatorsnow have to cancel their work because of this crap.PS. I suggest they rename this game to ""Unmoddable Loading Simulator 2017 The Screw You Edition"""
,Not Recommended,271590,32505555,Posted: 17 June,all,Synechi,Smart move to take legal action against modding platform that everyone uses :thinking:
,Not Recommended,271590,32497277,Posted: 17 June,all,UDegani,it’s a good game that builds on a great history of GTA games but the immense greed of Take Two Interactive ran this game’s potential to the ground by canceling potential great DLCs to the single player portion of the game in favor of poorly implemented content to the online portion of the game witch is riddled with microtransaction that force you to spend large sums of money to be able to try any new content or play countless hours grinding the same poorly implemented content in order to get any reasonable amount of in game credits to buy in game content
76561198012457105,Not Recommended,271590,15656461,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dot,"I can't wait for GTA VI where they recycle Vice City and claim its a new game.Game got delayed for months upon months for literally nothing, they added 1st person but its absolutely shizen... like 50 FoV in first person and you're gonna get banned if you want to use a mod to make it to an acceptable FoV."
,Not Recommended,271590,26255166,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jake_Ace,"If you like to waste money, this is the game for you.I've got over 500 hours in this game. I loved it. Enough to spend an extra $100+ on in-game money recently. Shortly afterwards I was banned due to a hacker in the lobby, during my (uncomfortably common) wrongful-ban Rockstar had reset my in-game currency. Literally robbing me of the money I had just purchased directly FROM them.Worst company I have ever dealt with and will not be putting any more of my money in their pockets.EDIT: Well I finally got my GTA$ back after calling customer support. Spent a couple hours in-game spending my money on MC businesses and running a SINGLE free-roam mission, which was disrupted and taken over by modders/hackers with teleport, godmode, and explosive ammo. I tried swapping lobbies and was met with a Permanent Ban notice.AND with Rockstar's new Ban Policy I cannot appeal, and nobody can appeal a ban whether it was false positive or not.https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/articles/229514247This game is over.Can't believe they ceased developement of GTAVI to keep this sinking ship polished."
76561198131039242,Not Recommended,271590,32529837,Posted: 18 June,all,Es seids wixxer,"GTA Online was fun at the beginning, now Take2 takes down 2 things Modding and putting out updates which are behind a huge paywall.Everyone who thinks now ""you dont need to pay for it just play the game"" -  i dont have the time to grind for something like this.If i can sit in front of the pc i want to play a game which is fun and grinding to GET to the fun is not really fun anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,32483646,Posted: 16 June,all,Lv100 Magikarp,Make Modding Great Again.
76561198126052020,Not Recommended,271590,32572295,Posted: 19 June,all,Min,Mods were the reason I bought and played GTA V on PC...what a big F You to modders
,Not Recommended,271590,32491523,Posted: 16 June,all,LuciditySam,"First, I'd like to say I bought this game three times. Once for PS3 on release, then PS4, and again here on Steam when I finally decided to build a gaming PC. This should be a testament to the overall quality of this game's single player alone as I have no real interest in the multiplayer component due to Rockstar's and Take Two's business model and their priorities. However, that said, I have had this game's Social Club render itself defunct for no reason multiple times every week. No matter how many times I reinstall the game and the Social Club, it eventually re-breaks for no reason within the week. While this doesn't impact the quality of the game itself when it works, it very clearly shows how inept Rockstar is at making sure this sort of issue doesn't happen (150 AAA games installed on my PC and one has this issue: GTA5).The music is on-point and fits the game and the story very well and each of the three main characters are all well-written. The story, while good, feels a bit all over the place at first but I genuinely feel it is due to how much the story seems to just rush. What I mean by that is that it seems like things just keep escalating and escalating for the main characters, rushing from one crazy event to another to another. While it was enjoyable the entire way through, that pacing of the story made it feel a little disjointed for me at times despite making perfect sense. The ending was also a bit lackluster and felt rushed in a bad way to me. An arbitrary A, B, and C choice with one being a very obvious ""right choice"". Two choices lead to less satisfying endings and the other leads to an ending that is very clearly a ""tie up loose ends"" mission both literally and narratively. You kill all of the antagonists you run into in the game in a mission that simply screams ""we had to wrap it up somehow"". That said, it should be noted I've beaten the main story four times. While it has some very glaring flaws narratively, it's still a fun time.Now on to the multiplayer... The reason I'm not into it is actually not due to me being primarily a single-player-focused gamer but also because of how the entire thing is set up. I played Red Dead Redemptions Free Roam multiplayer for hours upon hours and enjoyed it despite it being fairly empty. GTA Online? It's even emptier than Red Dead Redemption. In order to have any fun whatsoever, you need to make in-game money. You do this by playing deathmatches, heists, races, and various other game modes. The problem is that the payouts are so incredibly low that you will need to grind for countless hundreds of hours to get enough money to keep up with the updates (and this game, while fun, is nowhere near good enough to warrant that type of dedication). The reason for this is so they can get you to spend literally hundreds of dollars on microtransactions. In fact, when GTAO launched, the payouts were actually reasonable and balanced only to be nerfed to insane degrees just to make their Shark Card sales not only more enticing but make it damn near the only way to legitimately have fun in this game.This turns people to script mods that give them hundreds of millions of in-game money to circumvent this unethical business model. Many modders, however, go further by making themselves invincible, invisible, can insta-kill anyone, and do anything you can think of to ruin your fun. In response, Take Two put an end to OpenIV, which is literally only used for single-player mods (like graphics mods that don't even work on multiplayer). Eventually, Take Two reversed that decision and began allowing OpenIV to be used again for Single Player modding.However, just a couple short months later has Take 2 and R* stripping a very large number of players of their in-game currency. They started up an event where warehouse missions, which are the best way to make money in the game (despite still being abysmally lower than they should be) yielded twice as much money. People grinded those things from the event's start to finish. When the Smugglers Run DLC hits? A large number of them see ALL of their money whiped. Everyone who contacts R* about this then just gets sent automated, cookie-cutter responses from their automated system and then ignored. Seriously, and then people wonder why this game has such a severe problem with modders online. Maybe it's because R* actively goes out of its way to screw EVERYONE and, as a result, gives everyone a valid reason to say ""♥♥♥♥ your microtransactions, I'm going to pay a modder $15 for $100M rather than pay R* $1,250 for $100M"". Then there's the fact that the only bug fixes R* does are GTAO money glitches (there are still many bugs left over from the PS3/360 release) and how R* never began work on the three expansions they claimed GTA5's single player was going to get because GTAO padding their wallets was more important.It's very easy for me to say that I can recommend GTA5's single player, but I cannot in good concience recommend GTAO. If I rated the two parts seperately, the single player is a solid 8/10 with the multiplayer being a 4/10 (6/10 when with friends) at the very most even when you ignore the ethics behind R* and Take Two's decisions."
,Not Recommended,271590,32528818,Posted: 18 June,all,BLACER,*Jumping on the hate train*Bad business practices should not be supported.
,Not Recommended,271590,32466123,Posted: 16 June,all,Venator™,Mods removed from the game in order to sell microtransactions. Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,271590,32552210,Posted: 18 June,all,Danielson,"Mods are a big reason for why I bothered to rebuy this game, and now Take Two are trying to take those away."
,Not Recommended,271590,32509597,Posted: 17 June,all,Punpun,"I got this game with my friends and we played it quite a bit, but after a while it gets really boring and you start to realize that it's just a massive grindfest that isn't really fun. Open play was not enjoyable not only because of the scriptkiddies running around wrecking everything but also because just about everyone else in the servers were hostile. With every new update that adds content you start to realize that the prices of the new content get higher and higher so you would either need to grind/mod/buy Shark Cards in order to enjoy the new content. But we all know they just want you to buy the shark cards. That's why they've done away with the modding. Because as long as people are cheating in money they can't make a quick buck. Honestly, I loved this game. But it just gets really stale. I wanted to like it, I really did. But it's apparent that Take Two just want your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32482867,Posted: 16 June,all,Cody48er,"Grand Theft Auto V:  The greatest example of how to release an absolutely stunning, FANTASTIC game on launch day...And then completely muck it up with miserable post-launch decisions and greedy marketing.  When your parent company flat out wants to squeeze every last dime out of it's daily player base as possible.GTA V is one of my favorite open world games of all time. It's a beautiful, well crafted world with interesting SP missions and a functional (hic) online.  That said, I bought this game knowing it would be modded like every GTA game has been for like 15 years.  I also bought it on the basis of GTA Online being something I could play regularly and have decent progression and have a vain hope of unlocking content in without devoting my 24/7 life to grinding for money.With the shoe horning of Shark Cards and an ENDLESS STREAM of supremely overpriced content online with little actual FUN content added to it, that makes me actually want to play it for fun rather than feel like I""m grinding for cash every waking minute...It completely ruined the experience of GTA Online.   Who really wants to farm cash to blow $10M on an in-game car or plane? For reference, that's more than $100 USD--REAL WORLD MONEY-- worth of premium 'Micro'-Transaction shark cards if you wanted to just skip the time and buy a plane.Pair that with the fact that there has not once been an update to GTA V's Single Player mode---More importantly, you can NEVER get the premium Online vehicles in Single player to mess around with and enjoy.  The VTOL Hydra? Nope.  All those amazing super cars? Nope.  Low-riders and super bikes with boost? Nope.  Rolling tank military SUVs delivered to your doorstep? Nope. None of it.That was, until the glorious modding community came around and added all the best features and content of GTA Online, BACK into Single player for all of us to use.  That was great! I could play the game the way I wanted, access all the content I've paid for, and I don't have to deal with online players destroying my vehicles if I don't want to....That is, however until the Corporate Overlords at Take Two Interactive decided to file a cease-and-desist claim against OpenIV, the primary crew that made modding GTA IV and GTA V possible.  The best tool available to make all other mods compatible, and the very backbone of SINGLE PLAYER mods in GTA V.Yes. Single Player.  Despite their claims that OpenIV is 'allowing exploits into the GTA Online world', it is not. OpenIV has nothing to do with online; It it a closed-source software (So no one can exploit the reverse engineered software to hack the game illegitimately), and it even DISABLES itself if you go online. So none of your mods will carry over.   They purposely built the utility to tick all the boxes and keep the software for single player use only.   But that doesn't stop TTI from shutting them down on the basis of it being ""Harmful to their online community"".Well, sorry to tell you, but the Online in GTA V is already a vile hell with a plethora of third-party hacks that have nothing to do with OpenIV--THOSE are the people that need to be getting cease-and-desist orders.  Not the one team that did everything in their power to keep their tool on the up-and-up and appeal to Take Two/Rockstar's wishes for online to be *their* property with no outside mods.***UPDATE June 23, 2017***As of writing, it appears that Take Two have stepped down, at least to a degree, and that OpenIV is back in action and being updated.  So, potential for modding may have returned.That said, this review will remain negative due to the fact they not only TRIED to pull a massively anti-consumer practice and only turned around after massive backlash. But also the fact that the last two years since the game's release on PC have been nothing but endless efforts to add more and more costly updates to GTA Online, but they also have done nothing to support the Single Player.  And as this recent debacle shows, they are actively trying to get people away from the Single Player and into GTA-O, because the SP doesn't net them a constant stream of microtransaction money.Frankly, GTA Online is one of the worst grinds for content I've come across in recent years. Modding things into SP is the only way for many like myself, who have actual day jobs and responsibilities, to even access half of GTA 5's content in a reasonable time frame."
,Not Recommended,271590,32439633,Posted: 15 June,all,dukedw,lol bandwagon review
,Not Recommended,271590,32492498,Posted: 16 June,all,ShadowAley,"Got rid of the best part of the game, modding."
,Not Recommended,271590,32521824,Posted: 17 June,all,McGriddle,mods pls
76561198151019314,Not Recommended,271590,32478319,Posted: 16 June,all,SparkySmile1173,Between the shark cards and trying to get rid of mods take two have taken what once was an awesome game and ripped it to shreds and I for one will not be playing GTA 5 or any other game published by take two from here on I don't care if it's a masterpiece they will not be getting any more of my money.
,Not Recommended,271590,32511344,Posted: 17 June,all,Simon,Rockstar and take two interactive's constant disregard for the community have pushed this game and its modding scene to a fraction of the potential they had.
76561198046211560,Not Recommended,271590,32490421,Posted: 16 June,all,Cheesus Christ,Way to go Take-Two. Way to ♥♥♥♥ing go......
,Not Recommended,271590,32523986,Posted: 17 June,all,ForEveR_OnIoN,RIP OPENIV
76561198064646788,Not Recommended,271590,32511354,Posted: 17 June,all,Stewie3k,♥♥♥♥ing rockstar rip open iv rip lspdfr rip everything
76561197988548102,Not Recommended,271590,15655355,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,☕ⒺⒹⒾⓈⓄⓃ☕,Bad game really bad game! there are better gta titles out there. this game is broken and the loading screens will drive you up the wall i might go to the blood bank to get my money back on the mistake
76561198070546111,Not Recommended,271590,32456325,Posted: 15 June,all,Dandruff,Take Two issued cease and desist letters to the creators of Open-IV mod. Shame on them. Modding is an important part of our gaming hobby.
76561198059217454,Not Recommended,271590,32553109,Posted: 18 June,all,Uncle Tom's Cabin,"Decent game for the singleplayer, but the online and modding policies are what makes this game now revolting to play. Shame on you, Take Two, for killing off one of the only redeeming factors of this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32524965,Posted: 17 June,all,Heathen,Shark Cash? Just another reason I never got into GTA online.
,Not Recommended,271590,32535318,Posted: 18 June,all,Selmer ツ,Take Two and Rockstar can ♥♥♥♥ off
,Not Recommended,271590,32538593,Posted: 18 June,all,Skorrn,"Mods are one of the best parts of PC gaming.Take 2 and Rockstar apparently seem to hate mods because they aren't monetizing them yet. It isn't even recent news that they really don't care about the community. GTA Online is microtransaction filled with ""Shark Cards"" aka let us buy money in a virtual world for the Whales (read: People who spend way too much money on an app in order to ""get ahead""). The servers for online are STILL garbage with no clear indication on when they will improve it. Unfortunately, I had purchased this game twice. The first time I bought it on the playstation and then on PC to see if online would be improved from the console version, but it was definitely not worth it.I enjoyed the singleplayer a little bit, but the story feels more shallow in comparison to what they had in previous iterations like San Andreas and GTA IV.All in all, don't waste your time or your money on a sub-par game from a Triple A publisher."
,Not Recommended,271590,32466126,Posted: 16 June,all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,"In an abrupt reversal of course, Rockstar sent a huge cease and desist letter to completely ♥♥♥♥ over GTAV modders. I loved this game, a 10/10 but I can no longer recommend it while the creators are using lawyers to harass the community for no discernable reason. This is the PC version. PC versions are supposed to be about mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,32490415,Posted: 16 June,all,[9X53] Scott,It was nice while you could mod it.
76561198079360015,Not Recommended,271590,16331740,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ASexyPedophile,"I already own this game. And while it is a great game, what the heck, Rockstar? Dont you realize you ALREADY have support of PC gamers? Make us wait years for the game to release on our platform, while pushing the date back again and again, then claim its on sale?? Outrageous. Just give us a real sale or don't... Don't pretend it's on sale when it's not.. Stupid move. It's uppsetting to see how game devs WHO ALREADY MAKE A METRIC ♥♥♥♥ TON OF MONEY still try to squeeze more out of us. Just let me buy the game and enjoy it. Stop hurting gaming."
76561198065238093,Not Recommended,271590,16331804,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Big Deborah,"I would recommend this game; however, I advise not to get it because of the recent greedy move made when they added a bundle of DLC (of which there is NO way to remove of before buying) Because of this, it negates the sale and comes out as a greedy move by Rockstar."
76561197995259472,Not Recommended,271590,32571533,Posted: 19 June,all,Lost_Luna,"I bought this game three weeks ago specifically because of it's large and active modding community, it was for me, it's main selling point.  Yet hardly had I delved into adding any mods when the producers of this game went out of there way to destroy the modding community.   I had just finished the single player campaign and was preparing to jump into the online community when all this occured.  Now I have no interest in giving a single coin to this company, playing it's online money farm, or continue to play it's oft neglected single player game (still waiting on ANY single player DLC) and I will avoid purchasing from this company in the future."
,Not Recommended,271590,32527889,Posted: 17 June,all,GROVE4LIFE,This game is a prime example of how destructive greed can be.
76561197978028261,Not Recommended,271590,32538586,Posted: 18 June,all,ge,"Rockstar does not support its community.  They took all of the money I had on my account, which included earned money and money dropped on me by modders.  They are not interested in making things right.. Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,16315836,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,JoeyWah,"The single player is fun, especially with mods. That is if you can access it thanks to its online drm.The multiplayer is full of hackers, which can honestly be a godsend since the in game economy mirrors that of a f2p Korean MMO thanks to the introduction of Shart Cards.They are bundling this ""item"" (which you won't even need thanks to the abundant hackers) so they can sell the game for $60, but still claim it's ""discounted"" for the summer sale.Rockstar is sadly heading the way of other shady, exploitative video game companies."
76561198126274126,Not Recommended,271590,32551068,Posted: 18 June,all,-EG- NeGaTiV3 V -2.0,"T2 shutting down OpenIV, seriously. Just rediculous. I play with LSPDFR to roleplay not to cheat. Get over it. Ban those who deserve it but don't ruin it for other people.Don't buy this ATM, wait for them to come to their senses"
76561197971211067,Not Recommended,271590,32498458,Posted: 17 June,all,Doriath,No mods = no praise.Support OpenIV!!Take 2 burn in hell!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32549799,Posted: 18 June,all,Volus Dragonwing,"First there were mods, then there weren't, cause Take Two need to sort their information out"
,Not Recommended,271590,32527006,Posted: 17 June,all,Gotenks,And then Take-Two bit the hand the feeds
,Not Recommended,271590,32422810,Posted: 14 June,all,Stay at home bad,No mods no buy
76561198117199266,Not Recommended,271590,32500749,Posted: 17 June,all,Aram,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Take-Two▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,271590,32520634,Posted: 17 June,all,PapaRoyal,"Bye OpenIV, RIP GTAV."
76561198329417117,Not Recommended,271590,32485545,Posted: 16 June,all,Crazyarmadill0,MODS
,Not Recommended,271590,16347595,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,WOLF,"DAMMIT ROCKSTAR YOU ROCK AT SUCKING♥♥♥♥♥♥Still maxing out my Ram at 8Gb, No patch for that yet? Seems like a common issue that should be fixed. Still they manage to suck full retail during the sale and don't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for patches, like wtf? i just want to play this game for once where after 20mins of gameplay, it wont get choppy (GTX 970).Also, Hate this trending buy in game money bull♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32517796,Posted: 17 June,all,Porki,Rockstar done goofed up
,Not Recommended,271590,32573348,Posted: 19 June,all,nrgmalik,Edit : Bad move by Take Two!!
,Not Recommended,271590,15676187,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Siciliano,I not recommending it until they fix the performance issues.
76561198054871523,Not Recommended,271590,32535324,Posted: 18 June,all,GillyInTheMist,Bring back open IV
,Not Recommended,271590,32461712,Posted: 15 June,all,alex is a monster,no mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32482100,Posted: 16 June,all,efrentheroker,Walked into a bar only to be told that alcohol is illegal.
,Not Recommended,271590,32457752,Posted: 15 June,all,GreatWhite,When they ruin one of the only reasons to play the game.
76561198070691665,Not Recommended,271590,32601513,Posted: 20 June,all,Tralla,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive have basically destroyed the fun of singleplayer by taking down openIV"
,Not Recommended,271590,32478345,Posted: 16 June,all,SkyyPhantom,https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
76561198177767378,Not Recommended,271590,32532360,Posted: 18 June,all,Sir Nottingham,Take Two is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥RIP OpenIV
76561198064572157,Not Recommended,271590,32540234,Posted: 18 June,all,Knitler Of The 3th Knitch,Instat ban best bans
,Not Recommended,271590,32527909,Posted: 17 June,all,Wee Woo Fish,Bring back modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32527918,Posted: 17 June,all,cravin4games,"Rockstar acting like it isn't there fault is complete BS. They blame it on OpenIV for GTA Online hacks. No, many still work without it... Completely Horrible now."
,Not Recommended,271590,32485567,Posted: 16 June,all,OneNote,Take 2 is gay ha ha losers
,Not Recommended,271590,16314394,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Lance Stroll,"Rockstar proving that they only care about money, and give absolutely no ♥♥♥♥s about the consumer.Damn I wish I could get a refund."
76561198040369591,Not Recommended,271590,16320879,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DiscoBiscuit,Wow Rockstar and Steam really going for the rip that customer off as much as possible because there all suckers.  The Steam sale is a farce and should be investigated for Price fixing and unfair trade practices.  I am writing department of trade and industry here in the UK asking for them to do a investigation into thier practices as i beleave they are possibley breaking a UK Law here.
,Not Recommended,271590,16314711,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Pedge,Price gouging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Not Recommended,271590,32532306,Posted: 18 June,all,Rofl Karti,"Do not buy this game.Take Two / Rockstar Killed Modding and declared it Illegal.1 - At May 19th, 2017, OpenIV received an email from the legal counsel for Take Two Interactive in the USA. In this email they have requested to stop immediately any further work and/or distribution of OpenIV and ""Liberty City in GTAV"" projects.2 – In belief, that they did not violate any laws, they asked them to provide more detailed information about their request. They agreed to provide details by email.3 – On June 5th, 2017, after two weeks of silence, OpenIV got C&D letter from lawyers company (legal representative of Take Two in Russia), both in electronic and paper form, to OpenIV's employer address. This C&D accuses them in Russian laws violations.Rockstar says the following: ""Take-Two's actions were not specifically targeting single player mods. Unfortunately OpenIV enables recent malicious mods that allow harassment of players and interfere with the GTA Online experience for everybody. We are working to figure out how we can continue to support the creative community without negatively impacting our players.""OpenIV's response: OpenIV, “Liberty City in GTA V” and all other mods/projects from my team and me are only specific for Single player. Rockstar must be well aware about the fact that you cannot access GTA Online while you have installed any OpenIV mod.The statement ""Unfortunately OpenIV enables recent malicious mods that allow harassment of players and interfere with the GTA Online experience for everybody"", is just wrong and they know it. OpenIV does not allows or supports any kind of GTA Online mods. We always supported Rockstar in their right to protect GTA Online from hacks and cheats. But, Take-Two's C&D was specific for out Singleplayer mods and have no mentions about GTA Online."
,Not Recommended,271590,32535321,Posted: 18 June,all,CW5. BH ♥,"What can I say? Is GTAV a good game? No. Sadly it really isnt. I got it on XBox on release and after playing though the story and thinking back, all the characters are not believable, the physics are a step back from just a game before, and they take a beloved character from an older game and kill him off in the first 5 seconds with no explination. I mean off to a really bad start already..So there I was playing through the story and I hear about them making a version for the PC. Not a crappy port like GTA4 was but a real honest GTAV for PC. Since I never had enough interests in playing for Live I got my chance to experience online.. boy was that a mistake. Online (at least in its current and forseeable form) is just a lazy cobbled together excuse for micropayments. It is a grindfest of gringing to grind.. and for what? A car with the same stats as one you already have, just looks slightly different, and only 2 Million more than the one you already have. For what end you ask? Shark Cards. Buy in game money with real money.They even recently took the level gap and destroyed any chance for a new player to be able to do anything to older players. They were smart enough to keep the railgun out of multiplayer but now you can buy exploding 9mm bullets that 1 hit kill even cars. Way to take a step in the wrong direction there..So aside from that there are some things I like about it. Most people hate, and wish you could sell, the yachts, but I really like mine.. the down side is the lack of any decent customization.. I can't select the better helicopter on my more expensive yacht because it isn't a costimizable option.. well there is 20 mil down the drain..I think what really hits the hardest with online is the lack of keeping any promises. Before GTAV hit the PC (or just as or whatever) they released the heists update. This was chained missions that needed set ups and big heists with big booms and lots of action! Promises of updates months after to add new amazing heists and even a way to submit a player created one to be featured and added. That was over 2 years ago and still not even a touch up on the update.. Really, what does R* do with the money they make? It is obvious they don't put it into making their players happy..So asking me if I would recommend this game or not is a simple answer, ♥♥♥♥ no. When I got this on PC it was knowing that SAMP would be reborn somehow. It took a couple of years to even get started with all the flack and lawsuits coming from Take Two.. and now they are saying we can't mod our own game? We buy the rights to the code to do with what we please. We are not renting the code from you, and we are not standing around while you bully us. You want to EULA people out of your official online game mode, fine, it is garbage anyways, but you can't keep people from playing a game they way they want.~~~~TL:DR~~~~Fix almost everything, but is a really good game for a really bad one.Lets hope someone takes Take Two to the Supreme Court so we can be done with this ""buying a game isn't renting it from the devs"" BS. We will all thank Take Two for ending this stupid debate once and for all."
76561198042800886,Not Recommended,271590,32467288,Posted: 16 June,all,Snowii,Take two has taken away a huge part of GTA V on the PC. ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32522921,Posted: 17 June,all,Josecopter,Terrible modding policies by take two
76561198097771570,Not Recommended,271590,32497259,Posted: 17 June,all,The Punisher,Modding support has ended this game is trash now ♥♥♥♥ YOU TAKE TWO INTERACTIVE
,Not Recommended,271590,32501027,Posted: 17 June,all,カケ,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198039222410,Not Recommended,271590,32461720,Posted: 15 June,all,AgentFeret,Take 2 has destroyed modding
76561198049189585,Not Recommended,271590,32461705,Posted: 15 June,all,Saurus,I'm sorry Take two but your anti-modding policy is terrible.Don't buy this game. Don't support Take two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32555097,Posted: 18 June,all,Xenu,Don't buy until they fix this whole modding fiasco. The online is a boring grind-fest and the singleplayer is stripped of all longevity due to the recent modding ban. It's just not worth it currently.
76561198182736479,Not Recommended,271590,32482876,Posted: 16 June,all,Astrex,THis game is owned in run by soime of the most greedy money grabing♥♥♥♥♥♥for-brains people. Please this is a strike DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY BRING OPENIV BACK AND APOLOGIZE.
,Not Recommended,271590,32520629,Posted: 17 June,all,monkeycow,Only bought this game for singleplayer mods and they just ruined it for eveyone...
76561197985151107,Not Recommended,271590,32490416,Posted: 16 June,all,gtd6288,"Nope. Bad decision guys. No modding, no dice."
,Not Recommended,271590,23943938,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mad to the bone,co­ckstar
,Not Recommended,271590,19611074,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,KoWeN,"[EN] I love this game, but GTA online is just... unplayable. Too many cheaters. Rockstar should do something about that. I'll change this review if they fix it.[ES] Me encanta el juego pero el modo online es simplemente... injugable. Demasiados chetos. Rockstar debería hacer algo al respecto. Lo recomendaré cuando lo solucionen."
,Not Recommended,271590,16314214,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Fallen,Great Summer Sale 10/10 would buy on sale again.
76561198104716180,Not Recommended,271590,32482109,Posted: 16 June,all,Ayham,oPEniV aLLoWs tHiRd parTiEs tO dEFeAt SEcUritY fEatUrES oF iTs SoFTwARe in ViOLatiON tAkE-TWo'S RiGgHtS
76561198048474989,Not Recommended,271590,32569032,Posted: 19 June,all,Teeko,Dont get this game until the developers show that they care about their community.
,Not Recommended,271590,16332048,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ciri,Too Marketing Now
,Not Recommended,271590,32523974,Posted: 17 June,all,jelleybones,♥♥♥♥ take two interactive
,Not Recommended,271590,32485544,Posted: 16 June,all,Lance,Take Two decided to try to ban mods. Let's say no as a community.Take TakeTwo down!
76561198000319579,Not Recommended,271590,32544996,Posted: 18 June,all,Hero,Shark cards ruined this awesome game. No more content for SP
76561198015083749,Not Recommended,271590,32494330,Posted: 16 June,all,StayLifted,♥♥♥♥ed over the modding community
,Not Recommended,271590,32468551,Posted: 16 June,all,Morty,What a♥♥♥♥♥♥move to send a cease and desist letter to open IV
,Not Recommended,271590,32468554,Posted: 16 June,all,Zemana,"♥♥♥♥♥move take two,♥♥♥♥♥♥move..."
76561198108023023,Not Recommended,271590,32538579,Posted: 18 June,all,freadiegeorge,"Loved the game, purchased it three times, bought it for PC for the mods and then #TakeTwo killed the best modding platform. Dissapointed, money wont be going again to them."
,Recommended,271590,15470191,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ALLROY,"While the PC version of this outstanding game is new, it's been out long enough on consoles that I don't need to go into every single thing about the game so I'll just sum up what I personally like, (ALOT) and don't like (Not too much).Likes:-The EnvironmentAn insane amount of detail has been paid to recreating parts of L.A. (L.S.) to near perfection. Having been to the actual city several times, I could easily recognize landmarks and accurate streets while in game. The Viper Roorm, Ripley's Believe It or Not museum, The Scientology Center are all here plus lots more albeit renamed but the structures remain the same.When the sun sets and rises, all of the lighting is accurate and at times, absolutley beautiful especially when the light rays are breaking around Mt. Chiliad and when storms roll through the desert or in the cities, it's some of the best weather FX I've seen in a game because it feels real. Roads gradually get wetter the more it rains and lightning illuminates everything when it crashes.It truly feels like a living world.-The SatireWhat I feel is one of the strongest points of the game is how it shows no mercy towards the vapid lifestyle that's so prevalent in L.A. across all social classes. The rich are just as shallow as the poor in their life goals and in a very cathartic and some would say sadistic way, it's never been more fun to mow down socialite trash in the hills or go on a rampage down in the ghetto.The signage and radio commercials are also perfect, knocking everything from politics to the video game industry itself. This can keep a person driving around just looking at billboards and movie posters and listening to the varied radio stations.-The CharactersThere are many who dislike the characters, especially Trevor and I can see why but I liked them because of how they played off of one another. Michael, the would be retiree who's juggling family problems. Franklin, a young man growing up in the hood, doing what needs to be done but also having some kind of conscience and a want to get out of his current lifestyle. Trevor, the manic fiend throws all caution to the wind and is the vulgar but free spirit, taking pride in his insanity but also has some insightful moments along the journey.None of the characters generate any real kind of sympathy but they're all believable and kept me wanting to play to see how things end up for each of them.  The voice actors do an A+ job in bringing them and the secondary characters to life.-The First Person ModeNot only is this one of the best 3rd person games ever made, it's also one of the best FPS's in years. Being able to take in the entirety of the world and action through the eyes of each character really brings the world to life and the shooting is super smooth in both 3rd and 1st person modes.-The Radio StationsThere's nothing like blasting through neighboorhoods or driving off cliffs while rocking ""We Built This City"" by Starship or ""Heartbeat"" by Don Johnson.  If you like pop, rock, country, rap, trance or even talk radio, there's something here for anyone to like.Dislikes:-The PoliceThey seem overly aggresive and I don't know if that's a play on the LAPD or not but there have been time that I've simply pointed a gun at someone and got swarmed by 4 cop cars in less than 5 seconds. Also while in a car, I've been clear of their field of view with no chopper in the air and parked in the most secluded hiding spot I could find only to have them pinpoint my location and jump the walls to get me.-The StorefrontsI just wish there were more of them that could be entered and explored but I also know how much of a challenge this would be in an already huge world. I'd be happy if they would have an arcade somewhere with a few playable classic games.-The Sub and the HelicopterFor me, the sub missions are the biggest weakness in story mode. The model looks cool but is just dull and not much fun to drive and thankfully main missions with it are few. The helicopter, while fun, could have the controls refined a bit more to make it more fluid especially when trying to pinpoint certain targets. Thankfully Rockstar is fairly lenient when it comes to this.-Real Time DestructionAgain, like the storefronts, I know how much it would take to have this throughout the world and we'd probably be lucky to get 10-30 frames per second with Phys-X cranked up but it would be a sight to behold bringing down one of the contruction sites or collapsing an overpass at will. Something about shooting a rocket at a building and only leaving scuff marks really removes me from the game in those moments.-Extra ActivitiesGiven the sun and sand vibe of L.S.(L.A.), I wish that you could surf and skateboard. Seeing a skateshop as well as a skatepark and half pipes and only being able to ride them with a bmx bike left me slightly gnashing my teeth.That's not to say they couldn't add these things in a dlc pack, (fingers crossed) but I just find theior absence strange and overlooked.Those nitpicks aside, this is still one of the best games I've played in a very long time and, with so much to do, I'll be playing it for the rest of the year and beyond and smiling the whole time.Overall Score: 9 out of 10"
76561198194088565,Not Recommended,271590,32585586,Posted: 20 June,all,UGH,"…………………./´¯/)………………..,/¯../………………./…./…………./´¯/’…’/´¯¯`·¸………./’/…/…./……./¨¯\……..(‘(…´…´…. ¯~/’…’)………\……………..’…../……….”…\………. _.·´…………\…………..(…………..\………….\…"
12409853287932492,Not Recommended,271590,32507523,Posted: 17 June,all,G I D E O N,rip OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32517773,Posted: 17 June,all,Daft_Punkin,removed offline mods
76561198104776386,Not Recommended,271590,32526044,Posted: 17 June,all,DerkhaDerkha14,♥♥♥♥ Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,16358864,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Guy,"putting price up right before summer sale, nice one rockstar0/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,16367926,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CripticCorp,"Adding your own in game currency to a real world product, marking it up, and taking -25% does not make a sale. Its 2 years old people"
,Not Recommended,271590,32594051,Posted: 20 June,all,Greek,Money grab.....
76561198093515493,Not Recommended,271590,32507521,Posted: 17 June,all,ilwilc01,"GTA mods is one of best ways to continue to enjoy a game after you have already gotten tired of it. I had stopped playing GTA5 for a year, than I saw an awesome mod and it got me back into the game. It even got me back into the multiplayer, and I spent money on it. Bad move take2"
,Not Recommended,271590,32499667,Posted: 17 June,all,shikoist,Unlock Open IV!
,Not Recommended,271590,32513039,Posted: 17 June,all,-|TDB|-Sna.ke,Voting with the modding community.
76561197989851140,Not Recommended,271590,32513043,Posted: 17 June,all,Daddy,Only reason to even play this game anymore is to enjoy the mods. Dont support the modding community then I wont support you.
,Not Recommended,271590,32462831,Posted: 15 June,all,Simon Petrikov,Not worth it. Microtransaction hell.
,Not Recommended,271590,32623709,Posted: 21 June,all,DJagamoe,"OPEN IV, YOU KILLED OPEN IV, YOU MONSTERS, YOU'S BLEW IT UP, YOU ACTUALLY BLEW IT UP, DAMN YOU!!! DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32483627,Posted: 16 June,all,Atukanuva,"You done went and messed with mods, never mess with mods."
76561198073887369,Not Recommended,271590,32491506,Posted: 16 June,all,HerbaMachina,Basically adding my discust for Take Two's recent actions against the modding comunity for GTA.
76561198149986158,Not Recommended,271590,32544979,Posted: 18 June,all,나 아빠 BENLENZ,You all already know
,Not Recommended,271590,32543445,Posted: 18 June,all,Panda🎮βean,"Taking away from last gen to next gen character transfers back in March, two years before I bought the game was bad enough, but taking away mods from a 4 year old game is as bad as putting paid mods on Skryim, bad move, Muchacho"
,Not Recommended,271590,32463841,Posted: 15 June,all,No Aim Be Still,Never Again
,Not Recommended,271590,32516335,Posted: 17 June,all,Hispanic at the Disco,♥♥♥♥ Take Two
76561197998654882,Not Recommended,271590,34569755,Posted: 28 August,all,funkyunderpants,If your considering buying the game for online then avoid the PC version at all costs. Not only will you encounter lobby's full of hackers messing with your♥♥♥♥♥♥ the company that you bought the game from will rob you blind.They will take your hard earned ingame money with the occasional money sweep wether you earned it legitimately or not. And for the love of god please don't purchase a Shark Card as they will also take that money off you as well.My respect for Rockstar Games has slowly diminished since the release of GTA V in 2013 to the point that I shall never buy one of their games ever again.
76561198038709345,Not Recommended,271590,32492483,Posted: 16 June,all,Foof,"In an effort to milk this cashcow dry, R* has resorted to creating micro transactions for everything in GTA Online. The game itself has become repetitive and boring. R* keeps trying to spur interest by adding DLC. The DLC usually consists of a few supercars or other odd-ball vehicles and some new scheme where players can basically ""earn"" money through organized crime. The vehicles are outrageously expensive, like more than the cost of the actual game in in-game dollars for a single vehicle. The schemes require huge upfront investments and lots and lots of repetitive gameplay if you ever want a chance at breaking even. Your options to obtain DLC are basically 1) spend thousands of dollars in real money on their shark cards, 2) quit school or work to grind away with repetitive in-game tasks 40+ hours/week, 3) have a modder give you cash and then face the possibility of getting banned, even if the modder drops cash on everyone in-lobby unsolicited. This is all purposeful on Rockstar's part to drive up sales of their shark cards.A lot of people have resorted to playing single player instead. R* has yet to release any single player DLC, but you have other options if you want to have some fun. There is a huge community that is centered around creating content for the game in single player through mods. The most comprehensice single player modding tool is called OpenIV. The tool, which was initally created for GTA IV almost ten years ago, has grown from a few users into vibrant community. Unfortunately, that is now a thing of the past. At the direction of Take-Two CEO Gordon Gekko, the Take-Two legal dept has issued a Cease and Desist letter to the OpenIV devs, forcing them to shut down. You see, people who are enjoying their own content in single player mode aren't playing the broken GTA Online, which means they aren't robbing liquor stores at gun point to feed their shark card addiction. Take-Two had to put a stop to that of course.Rockstar and Take-Two Interactive have ruined this game. I will not be buying future games from any Take-Two subsidiary. What was for many years my favorite video game series is now dead to me. RIP in peace Grand Theft Auto."
76561198227558712,Not Recommended,271590,32419785,Posted: 14 June,all,Sierra Oscar 1,YOU KILLED MODDING TAKE TWOWHY NOWWHY THIS DLCWHY STOP THINGS PEOPLE (me included) love to doJUST WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198079808531,Not Recommended,271590,32422762,Posted: 14 June,all,OH BOB SAGET!,"Dear Kids,If you wanted a lesson on how to destroy a good product. OH BOY THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU. IS Billions of dollars not enough for you and you STILL need more money just start to ban people who are keeping your game alive. Just because they aren't playing your pay to win scam, that still doesn't work the way it's suppose to work 5 years later.Oh Rockstar thanks for the April Fools jokes in June."
,Not Recommended,271590,32501003,Posted: 17 June,all,TechPhoenix,"It says a lot about Take Two when having already earned $2.3 billion since launch they are still willing to go after the modding community, which at best puts a insignificant dent in their revenue, if not actually earning them more sales from people who are enthusiastic to try out the variety of mods available.Let's not forget that this isn't a first. Not long ago people were getting bans left and right for using mods in singleplayer which was later corrected, but still left a bad taste for those who were affected.Although the developers of OpenIV aren't willing to proceed to court, which is completely understandable considering the costs and time it would take to do so, I'm happy to see that more than 23k people have already expressed their opinions here, and more through petitions.Will this help? Probably. Probably not. It's possible that Take Two will backpedal, but that doesn't seem to be something they would be interested in, seeing as how directly threatening the developers of OpenIV was their first go-to option.Coming from a background of more than 4 years invested in SA:MP and MTA, which are the reasons GTA San Andreas still has an active player base, it's a sad state of affairs that the GTA franchise has come to. It's probable that with GTA Online being as profitable as it is, R* may not even consider future additions to the franchise. Why would they?Negative steam reviews and bad publicity aside, I encourage people to boycott Take Two. Don't give them a reason to continue as they are. Avoid buying Take Two published games during the Summer Sale, and avoid buying any GTA Online consumable, specifically Shark cards (which are a joke to begin with, why spend hours working your♥♥♥♥♥off for a car when you can get it in less than a minute?)."
,Not Recommended,271590,32535310,Posted: 18 June,all,Fantastichi,"Take Two are an awful company that are attempting to kill off modding for this game. They sent a cease-and-desist to the developers of an important third-party tool for creating and running mods (that also refuses to run mods when in multiplayer). I will not be supporting them in the future. Don't buy this game, and don't buy any of their future titles or DLC until this decision is reversed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32494325,Posted: 16 June,all,Kage,Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32557460,Posted: 18 June,all,xXLostSpiritXx,They took away mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32482877,Posted: 16 June,all,Nutelaa,♥♥♥♥ you take two.
76561198138865245,Not Recommended,271590,32490414,Posted: 16 June,all,patwheeler92,The ♥♥♥♥ T2? I used to love you
76561198051959474,Not Recommended,271590,32555884,Posted: 18 June,all,Paul_VB,Cannot belive that take two shutdown open IV. ♥♥♥♥ you t2
45621452582125264,Not Recommended,271590,19004984,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Sentence,RIPGTA-mp.netand FiveM.
,Not Recommended,271590,15678235,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Django2Chainz,Bans for installing mods
,Not Recommended,271590,16312812,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Vognite,Two Words: Summer Sale.Good game though.
,Not Recommended,271590,32643050,Posted: 22 June,all,Aphrox-,Actively shutting down 100% legal singleplayer modding tools after refusing to develop pretty much anything for singleplayer post-launch should not be encouraged.
76561197995769961,Not Recommended,271590,19005972,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Stump Chunkman,Mods for this game have recieved cease and desist orders.The devs are attempting to stop people having fun with MP after the botched attempt at heists.I regret my purchase.
76561198313064848,Not Recommended,271590,32499670,Posted: 17 June,all,Planto,♥♥♥♥ Take two
,Not Recommended,271590,32521817,Posted: 17 June,all,Chef Boyardee Beef Ravioli,"RIP GTA V. ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar, bring back OpenIV. I'll never buy another one of your games."
76561198205178015,Not Recommended,271590,32583135,Posted: 19 June,all,Voxels,I ONLY play Single player with mods. Mods have kept single player intrestingm without them I still wouldn't be playing this game as much as I do.
,Not Recommended,271590,32461718,Posted: 15 June,all,Xayias,"Take-Two, I really hope you do what is right and stop the madness. Your plans for GTAO have spoiled the gaming community on PC way more than OpenIV ever did and your greedy money hungry ways will not be tolerated by a mass of people who you expect to bend down to your will. By your lack of Single Player support you gave people the only option to go into modding and now we have been stripped away from the right just to buy Shark Cards because your precious online mode is ""infested with modders"" and people have to slave away if they choose not to cough up $100 more on your microtransactions. I went on GTAO earlier and even though the content was fairly priced for someone who had decent money by cheating the game, you leave people to work hard for barely any reward just to make a quick buck. I don't even know if I want Red Dead on PS4 now because you already comfirmed microtransactions for the online mode and I doubt any Single Player DLC will be made because the sheep you cater too will buy the game sadly. If you all reading my review want some advice, I would look into Wild West Online as a good replacement game for RDR. There is no singleplayer or modding but to be honest it seems like the developers for that game have a much more bigger appreciation for the players that buy the game and support them. Hell you can even pre-order their game for like $30 bucks and if you don't like it, you can get your money back before the Alpha ends. I really wish I hadn't bought this game months and even years ago. Thanks Take Two, now ♥♥♥♥ off."
76561198027897026,Not Recommended,271590,32520620,Posted: 17 June,all,DirtyPlastic,I dont need to explain my negative review. everyone else pointed it out.
76561198117038272,Not Recommended,271590,32498447,Posted: 17 June,all,right in front of my salad,♥♥♥♥ Take2.https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
76561198042110377,Not Recommended,271590,32528900,Posted: 18 June,all,ＷＡＶＹ　ＤＲＡＫＥ,mods aren't bad
,Not Recommended,271590,32462834,Posted: 15 June,all,proob,♥♥♥♥ Take Two.
76561198202817552,Not Recommended,271590,32601505,Posted: 20 June,all,Boobie,Corporate overreach is not a good way to earn customers trust.
,Not Recommended,271590,32423203,Posted: 14 June,all,Kosta,"Take Two and Rockstar have been screwing us over for years, but their anti-modding stance was the last straw.Public sessions in GTA Online aren't fun because of the hackers, and private sessions with your friends get boring really quick when you've done everything and can't afford a single f*cking thing because of the ridiculous prices of cars and other items in this game.They never bothered to make anymore heists (which was one of the few fun gamemodes that they actually had in Online).They decided to focus on making more boring, tedious gamemodes that virtually no one ever wanted to play.They never even bothered to try and make the unbearable load times faster.One of the only good things left in this game was the modding community, and the modded singleplayer experience, and now even that is gone.Don't bother supporting this trash company, it's clear now that they think of us as just dollar signs."
76561197963292633,Not Recommended,271590,32538564,Posted: 18 June,all,FredFraiche,Pollution is nothing but the resources we are not harvesting. We allow them to be dispersed because we’ve been ignorant of their value.– R. Buckminster Fuller
,Not Recommended,271590,32526981,Posted: 17 June,all,Pdog1111,"Just shut down modding, the only reason I bought the game in the first place"
,Not Recommended,271590,32484911,Posted: 16 June,all,Fr0sti,"Would have been an amazing game, but is literally just microtransaction simulator 20whenever. Also Take-Two destroyed mods like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they are"
76561198017252915,Not Recommended,271590,18991305,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,arol ahorn,"The game itself is good.The online can be fun with friends and when there are no hackers in the lobby ( sadly there is a hacker in every 2nd lobby...)The real reason I bought the game was because of the online. I love SA:MP and I was hoping it would be like it, well it is not.And it forbids modders from making GTA:MP, the equivalent to SA:MP.Take2 and Rockstar.... WHY??Look at Skyrim, one of the best games itself and even so much better and still played solely because of the mods..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32602743,Posted: 20 June,all,BRoKe_Ass_Retro,Why would you skrew your biggest fans? Great game but not worth supporting these dev's with a purchase.
76561198159353869,Not Recommended,271590,15672786,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Gru from Frozen,I still can't play the game after all of the latest patches. If your never going to fix it please contact me for a refund.
76561198075609470,Not Recommended,271590,15678684,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,✌☮ SWAGGINIMSURFIN ☮✌,"Its okay.. mod support from rockstar would make it better, a lot better!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32522932,Posted: 17 June,all,TheAngelOfRoses,"Im not going to grace this game with a long review like I usually do.HERE IS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME!Heres a great list of games you could be playing instead, some of which are much cheaper than this POS microtransaction leg hump of a game:AntichamberIkarugaDOOMKilling Floor 2TerrariaGarys ModPortal 2SkyrimTy the Tasmanian TigerStrike Suit ZeroShadow WarriorTableTop Simulator (with friends!)SkullGirlsQuiplashRevolver360 RE:ACTOROne Finger Death PunchBit Blaster XLEpic Battle Fantasy 3Civ 5 or 6Literally anything thats not this gameThank me later for saving you from this dumpster fire of buisness practices."
,Not Recommended,271590,32551062,Posted: 18 June,all,IceIceLucKy #schmongdangled,Modding is one thing that makes the PC platform great. But you screwed it up.
,Not Recommended,271590,32520650,Posted: 17 June,all,minum,"I left this game long time ago reasons:1.single gameplay is horrible. You can't change cars, even if you buy one, then it can be lost in first mission. Shops have same products as it was in 2012. Mods can solve this problem...but since they banned, then single right now is useless.2.Longest loading screen. You can make some coffee and watch youtube and you still will be on loading screen.3.Prices on cars high as hell. You need to play one week just to buy one good car and all your live to buy everything.4.Game really hate players who likes to play alone or have not much time for playing. So if you like to play alone then you can forget about GTA5Online and specially about CEO or MC.5.Community looks like all trolls or kids, so they will kill your game in heists and any team-based missions. And after they will kill you.6.Horrible hackers. But maybe all will be good right now, since Rockstar banned mod programs if not, then I dont know for what they banned mods.7.CEO or MC is boring, same and useless, since community do not care about money, they like blow up everything. That means what you need to find session where 4 or 6 players, and this is really hard to do.8.Why only 2 characters?9.I do not know how others, but I do not feel difference between cars of same type after upgrade.Also I can't understand why GTAO do not have peacefull missions, like truck simulator delivery or taxi. Or even real business simulator with shops, corporations and etc.Also I cant understand why I can't play for police with their own special weapons, cars, investigations, missions and etc. Plus in game will be some kind of two big clans, who will be fight for peace or anarchy.I cant understand why game have 3(!) big gangs and NEVER use it. Yes, you can do Lamar's missions, but why not to make gang war for low leveled players for territory? Why not add ""shop protection""? So all shops on this territory will be pay to a gang money for it and gang can have special weapons while it.Where is sick serial killers mode? You have so many NPC and police, but only what you can do it's kill someone then run from police. Why not to make hunt on some NPC or even players with stealth?CEO and MC mostly boring, because only what you can do is take something to your base and then sell. It's boring and not cool and mostly waste of time, because of other players. Plus calls of managers really annoying. So why not take real crime? Why CEO can't support other CEO or make a war? Why they can't buy police to make a problem for others or support? Why they cant make corruption in game, so laws can be changing. For example, to make alcohol underlaw, so CEO, which sells it can have problems with cops, but prices on alcohol will be high. And etc.It was really cool game, but right now GTA looks like a common boring MMO. And this is sad."
,Not Recommended,271590,32484915,Posted: 16 June,all,HeroicVillain,"How I enjoyed this game upon launch on the xbox360. I got it as soon as it came out on PC, re-played through the whole story. Online was fun for awhile. Finally modders revitalized my interest in the game, the enhanced graphics, being able to play as a super hero, tethering vehicles together. I've experienced online modding too and most the time it wasn't even that horrible, getting tased non-stop, people flying in cars, the bannable(yet free) money they'd often give away. None of it made my experience terrible. But experiencing these fantastical mods only to have them taken away, that is terrible."
,Not Recommended,271590,32493437,Posted: 16 June,all,Heapz Good Mate,Modding is pretty mcuh the only reason I brought this game. Take-Two have ruined that and therefore ruined this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,19010643,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Jordan,"TLDR; Great game, but hackers ruin majority of online experience.The game itself is fantastic, but I didn't think the amount of hackers everyone mentioned in their reviews were that accurate. I thought ""Probably an overexaggeration"". Yeah... It wasn't. I would say 70 to 80% of online lobbies will contain one hacker that is spam killing everyone on the map at the same time. I would recommend the game since I still have a lot of fun hanging out doing missions and driving my car around, but the hackers really need to be sorted out before the review can be changed to positive."
,Not Recommended,271590,26250385,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mercy,"The online mode of GTABAN You for no reason.Not only me,some of my friend I met online was BANED too.I swear that I didn't do any thing that would either destory other player's playing exprience or do something wrong due to their eula.Acutually , they don't even care about players on steam. They don't even give me an full responed for my banning,just a few minutes ago.Once you get BANED , you can't do anything about it. You guys are really doing a great job in 2016,Rockstar.I guess their don't care about their follwers anymore.I'm from hongkong so I might have some english's mistake.But oh well , at least I got a chance to say something for me."
,Not Recommended,271590,15678754,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Omen of war,"No mod support, I haven't yet modded it but god damn it rockstar, mods made you big just like Steam games."
,Not Recommended,271590,15634135,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,MADDMAX_KZ,love the game but online man rockstar u guys patch♥♥♥♥♥♥way to much ur selling a game who the ♥♥♥♥ cares if people get unlimited cash its there char quit been such a patch ♥♥♥♥♥ over small stuff if ppl want to mod there cash let em u greedy♥♥♥♥♥holes already made billions of dollars on the game if u try n kill mods 4 others ur not gonna make u money back leave the game with mods ALONE!!!! u make me hate this game cause these patches r pushing ppl tht mod maps n stuff n ur game worth 5x times the fun i hope u guys lose over a billion dollars cause youre stupidity ♥♥♥♥ U ROCKSTAR and i demand a refund for ur poor n ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reboot of san andres
,Not Recommended,271590,24645711,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,lil booster seat,High quality support
,Not Recommended,271590,16315360,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Stiggy,Scummy anti-consumer practices with regards to the steam summer sale.
,Not Recommended,271590,32655911,Posted: 22 June,all,Doctor Who,"Very upset about the Rockstars choice for banning modding, I am canceling my preorder for Red Dead Redemption."
76561198007614819,Not Recommended,271590,32526053,Posted: 17 June,all,Ash,no mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32596574,Posted: 20 June,all,NPC,This game don't derserve a take two anymore...
,Not Recommended,271590,32533697,Posted: 18 June,all,Chip,"With Take Two sueing the OpenIV team and essentially ending modding for this game, they can go eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32533684,Posted: 18 June,all,T H E  B A T H,I'm doing my part!
,Not Recommended,271590,32493439,Posted: 16 June,all,papaya scroo !!,no
,Not Recommended,271590,32557501,Posted: 18 June,all,ScottRastyles,Why would they even?
,Not Recommended,271590,32516336,Posted: 17 June,all,☼ Potato Fox,♥♥♥♥ take two and ♥♥♥♥ your game
,Not Recommended,271590,32523972,Posted: 17 June,all,SinfulDarkRaven,"Sorry, there are somethings you just should not do"
,Not Recommended,271590,32523947,Posted: 17 June,all,[TAM]Bullhorn7,RIP OpenIV. and RIP GTA5. You just eliminated 80% of your gamer base and successfully killed your game. Congratulations
76561198073611524,Not Recommended,271590,32524928,Posted: 17 June,all,Brother Man Bill,they really found a way to screw the whole pc community and they are the only ones to blame
,Not Recommended,271590,32556683,Posted: 18 June,all,Phantomina Spooketta,This game is against God
,Not Recommended,271590,32609169,Posted: 20 June,all,Lethal,"Initially i loved this game but the fact that they totally bailed on single player ongoing support+DLC to focus on more GTAO profits they kinda lost me, and now with the anti mod path they're taking they lost me completely. Nothing but bad reviews for you now Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420536,Posted: 14 June,all,Growing Stronger,"Pretty decent base for modding, stopped being worth its price the moment Take Two asked us to stop modding it.Don't bother buying this, the base game is not worth it. No mods means no longevity, no replayability, no community-made content, no fun. Just online grinding, shark cards and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥freemode.Support the modding community, don't buy games that actively prevent you from playing with them on your terms.This is Take Two 's fault, remember who screwed you over."
,Not Recommended,271590,32423190,Posted: 14 June,all,Sam,Screw you Rockstar. Screw you for taking away our fun with mods and screw you for destroying our online experience by overpricing everything and underpaying us from heists. Then taking away any money that hackers teleported in above our heads. Getting too big for your boots. Remember when this was the greatest videogame of all time back in '14/'15?
,Not Recommended,271590,32494319,Posted: 16 June,all,Nimman,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198048111295,Not Recommended,271590,32485528,Posted: 16 June,all,XGingerLegendX™,"Having fun in this game is like driving a coal train that runs on dollar bills, you gotta keep shovelling money into it to make it work﻿.RIP OpenIV & Mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32572285,Posted: 19 June,all,chin,♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,271590,32509586,Posted: 17 June,all,Gashuno,"I really enjoyed the single player with its story line and overall atmosphere, which was a great refresh after GTA IV.However, the online aspect of the game is terrible in my opinion.-Incredibly long waiting times, which means no fast games to kill some little time;-Requires a long time of grinding to get a bit decent, or you'll have to spend plenty of real money-Development is apparently only focused on online, with single player not receiving some of the stuff.Furthermore, the publisher has shown a hostile stance against the modding and overall gaming community which in my opinion does not deserve the 60 euro's this game costs. Rather spend your money on something that doesn't disappoint you, like booze."
,Not Recommended,271590,22354935,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hank,"Really wish there was a ""Recommend, but...""To keep it simple:If you're buying it for Single Player:Go for it.It's fun. It's a good, visually stunning, well optimised GTA game with a decent story and plenty to do.I still find GTA VC is better for setting, soundtrack, story and GTA SA the most fun gameplay wise but that could just be nostalgia.Looks like the Singleplayer Expansion/DLC is never coming. Large areas like the casino, race track, prison etc are all well modeled but they remain unused and inaccessable.Buying for Multiplayer?Give it a miss.As many have already said it's a total♥♥♥♥♥♥show online.Load times are absurdly long and frequent, UI is crap, theres no server browser and no modded server support.The key element of the game (it's the title for christ sake) is stealing cars, but guess what: You cant keep them in online, they must be purchased. Items worth having online require ridiculous amounts of grinding due to low rewards for missions and any new cars, boats, planes are added at extremely high prices to sell Shark Cards. There isnt enough to do, or enough fun to be had to justify the time required to buy said items without microtransactions.The games anti-cheat system is pretty much non-existant. Cheaters/Hackers run rampant killing players and/or spewing cash.  Seems kind of baron of things to do online with friends once you've completed the Heists.I really don't care about MP in a GTA game, a token mode allowing friends to jump in and do co-op in single player would have been much better (You already have 3 protagonists doing missions together!).I sincerely hope MP's influence is minimal on the development of future titles (Bully 2, GTA VI, RDR 3) but unfortunately that's highly unlikely."
76561197990734716,Not Recommended,271590,15678800,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jebediah Kerman,"Rockstar will ban you for having fun and not buying shark cards. Also, the word rockstar is censored online among many other words like♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥even though this is an M rated game and worse things are said by pedestrians every 30 seconds.edit: august 27, 2017:Ten million dollars removed for no reason, that was all legitimate money. i'm now left with 40k right before a giant expensive update. Support keeps giving me copy pasted responses that are of no help. Not pleased."
76561197981373966,Not Recommended,271590,32551071,Posted: 18 June,all,Ve,Disrespect to the modding community
,Not Recommended,271590,32524977,Posted: 17 June,all,Ragnaroky,"Honestly, GTA IV is better in every way. Plus it doesn't have the obnoxious amount of greed from the publisher and developer, nor does it go out of its way to make online as anti-fun as possible."
76561198025972794,Not Recommended,271590,32737649,Posted: 24 June,all,classicjarhead,"I only bought this game AFTER the modding community won.I am however leaving a negative review for future people:Do not mess with the consumers and moderators.If it were not the swarm-thinking of a select few to monopolize the modding community, this would have never happened. This will be a milestone in history. Thank you Reddit."
,Not Recommended,271590,16330554,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dandy,"Guy, I love this game. The online mode is addicting and it's a great open-world multiplayer sandbox.However, Rockstar's move to up the price of the game during the Steam Summer Sale to $80 shows just how much they card about profits over customer satisfaction. It's slowly trickling into the main game too with the pushing of Shark Cards (Microtransactions) to be able to purchase the coolest and newest vehicles.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,15678580,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,"The Joker, Baby.","Completely unenjoyable, but mods fix this problem.Unfurtunately you get banned ONLINE for using mods IN SINGLEPLAYER.Not that I care, their multiplayer is possibly the worst thing about this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32507512,Posted: 17 June,all,FTM,banning all single player modding and sending private investigators to modders houses to get them to stop making them.
76561197983327190,Not Recommended,271590,32504053,Posted: 17 June,all,Nchi,Why cant I use DLC in single player?
,Not Recommended,271590,30026606,Posted: 18 February,all,Kodus,"My friend and I have both been banned several times from online by the automated ban system despite not having been cheating or playing unfairly. Now with the revised auto-ban system, my friend was banned once again during a casual game, only this time it was a perma ban. With appeals no longer possible thanks to the amazing Rockstar, he is unable to play online at all. This was the second time he'd purchased the game for this reason. Basically, the online automatic banning system is completely messed up and has repeatedly caused enormous headache. Though the game can be fun, it tends to be more infuriating than anything."
76561198163548637,Not Recommended,271590,32532345,Posted: 18 June,all,Stunts Mahoy,"Moddable for a couple years, loved by many. But then take 2 made a dumb decision to remove the primary modding platform, now not loved by as many one of those being me."
,Not Recommended,271590,32596560,Posted: 20 June,all,Razi,Shouldn't punish your entire fanbase because of some hackers / cheaters
,Not Recommended,271590,32531090,Posted: 18 June,all,{SA}1swiftfox1,"Banned single player modding, don't do dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥take two, on behalf of OpenIV."
,Not Recommended,271590,32521812,Posted: 17 June,all,Kirby,Removing modding support to make more money from Shark Cards is disgusting. Shark Cards are rediculously expensive. The game can provide hours of fun but by threatening legal action to the creators of a modding tool is a disgusting practise.
,Not Recommended,271590,32500978,Posted: 17 June,all,Carstii,"terrible customer service/support (random hacker puts money on your account. guess what you are getting banned, because you have the money)singleplayer completly outdated and doesnt get GTA online cars updatesdlcs in gta online overpriced (want to test this new dlc ? well you better have 100 mio. $ to buy anything)also Take Two thinks its a good idea to basically ban modding (for singleplayer!) two years after release.It was a good game until it was made into acashgrabbing cowfor the company"
76561197966305806,Not Recommended,271590,32573321,Posted: 19 June,all,nOs,Free the mods
76561198188360843,Not Recommended,271590,32484231,Posted: 16 June,all,Aldi,For the mods!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32555872,Posted: 18 June,all,NULL,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone at this point. I don't foresee simple reviews having an impact on the Take-Two decisions with how they impact players' experience with their games. I do hope that these reviews will serve as a warning to those who are thinking of giving the support of their wallet to a company who cares little for what their player base thinks.The single player game is pretty decent, And most people buying this would be satisfied by just purchasing the game for that mode. However, modding adds to that experience and allows the community to turn an amazing game into something even better.The online mode for this game is not anything to write home about. I tried to play it off and on and could never get into it. However, The modding community that was impacted was not one that was even touching the online play. All I can see by Take-Two shutting down the modding community on the single player mode is they are trying to shine the s*** on their multiplayer experience and suck as much money out of it as they can.Think twice before buying games coming from Take-Two and supporting their choices in hurting player's experience for the sake stearing their players to pay them for a crummy version of what the community can do better."
76561198151073863,Not Recommended,271590,17661053,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Gaberini,"The game itself is a masterpiece.Every server seems to have someone modding though to make the experience cancerous though tbh.They tend to kill everyone, and make it look like other people are doing the modding so that they get banned.Sometimes they'll give you money which is good or bad depending on if you want to play legit or not.The company itself...y'know it's cool that the dlc is free and everything however the game was much better optimized at release. When Gotten Gains started it started causing many, if not everyone performance issues.Also, Rockstar was originally banning people for using singleplayer mods which was a♥♥♥♥♥♥move by Rockstar.In fact I believe most negative reviews on this game is because people have been banned for using singleplayer mods such as the FOV mod.Grand Theft Auto V itself is easily a 8, 9, or even 10/10 game in most reviews.The AI is amazing, esspecially the cops in this game.The visuals of this game are incredible.It has a good story and unlike past Grand Theft Autos, three main characters, each with there own unique personality.The voice acting is great, it has a good story and it's so fun to  playthrough it.However that's the game itself, multiplayer lobbies as I said are trash, with hackers and poor optimization.Most of the games community is very aggresive and modders/hackers everywhere.The fun in missions, heists, races, etc can easily be spoiled in some way.Such as doing a heist, and somebody decides to leave. It's over, the heist will end and you'll have to find someone else.This game is very difficult for me to review because this is one of my favorite games.It's just due to Rockstar and some of the community to make the experience annoying.I feel that because after everyone beats Grand Theft Auto V and goes to GTA Online though i'd have to give it a negative review. Considering that is what everyone is going to be doing aside from singleplayer modding or whatever they'll be doing. So, negative review from me."
,Not Recommended,271590,32653871,Posted: 22 June,all,Skellyhell,"No mods allowed in single player as it reduced R* profits from microtransactions.Buy on sale if you just want the story mode, Online is just a grindfest designed to frustrate you into buying fake money."
,Recommended,271590,34760590,Posted: 5 September,all,The Brown Weiner,"This is my 600 hour review.I'll break this down between single player and online.Because I have different opinions on both.First is Single Player because its easy.Single Player is a near perfect masterpiece. Probabaly the absolute best single player game of all time. If you are looking into this game for SP, then its a no brainer.However, next we have ""GTA Online""Its a mixed review.I have a lot of hours into online and I will continue to put a lot of additional hours into online.PROS:It gets constant content added several times a year the release ""free"" DLC'sThere really is a lot to do, if you wish you can really role play the most corrupt criminal to the fullest extent.CONS:I'll just start out with the biggest con.The game has clearly taken a big turn in the last couple years and its intesifying toward micro-transactions.Its pretty obvious, the keep raising the prices of items you purchase in game, compared to the amount of money you earn. Unless you are dedicating your life to this game, its pretty hard to obtain the in game items. And if you are starting out as a new player, the amount of money you need to catch up is really a huge obstacle.I am not one of those people who are defiantly against micro transactions, but these aren't even fair micro transactions.Rockstar keeps raisning the price of the in game items, but the amount of money given out on a ""shark card"" has never been adjusted.Here is an example, a 8 Million dollar shark card (unless on sale) costs $99 always has.It use to be that most items were under 1 million with the extremely high dollar things around $2 million.So for $99 you could typically buy say 5-15 items for $99.Fast forward to today.Most items are over 1 million closer to 2 million on average) and the most expensive items are 4 million with a yet to be released item that is going to be 6.5 million.  Rockstar is really going for a money grab here and they aren't even attempting to hide it. Not to mention that the latest DLC the amount of money you can earn per hour has actually gone down from the previuous ones. So higher prices to buy stuff, lower income from doing work. So you are forced to not really play the new DLC but the old ones for cash.  Which is a shame because the new missions are actually very fun, they just dont pay well.So if you are new and want to ever come close to catching up to current players you have 3 choices. 1.) Buy Shark Cards and ALOT of them. Several hundred dollars worth. 2.) Play an insane amount of hours, quit life and play this game every day, all day long  3.) Cheat - Find mods or a modder and get ""modded money"". Warning you can actually get banned for this. I cant even beleive I am giving this advice out, I use to depise money modders, but given the greed coming out of Rockstar now days, I really understand why new players would do it, and I dont frankly care anymore.So you might ask, Why do I have this game as recommmened still.When it comes down to the game itself, single player and even online.It's fun, there is a lot of varitey, I can do missions, I can race cars, I can pvp, I can play mini games (and there are dozens of varietys of games) I've played 600 hours and honeslty still to this day havent even played 1/2 the things you can do. There is a massive amount of content. The game is fun.The politics behind the scenes is horrible, the comminity is toxic, and the micro tranactions are getting out of control.  But at the core its still fun and I still enjoy it after all this time.But on the other hand we probabbaly wouldnt get all these updates without the microtransactions, so there is that factor too.I rate GTA 5Single Player gameplay:10/10Online Gameplay:8/10 (-2 for community)Variety of things to do:10/10Game Updates:8/10Microtranactions:1/10"
76561197990151211,Not Recommended,271590,16379094,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sergeant Slaughter,"I have purchased this game on the ps3, ps4 and pc. I have purchased this game for friends and for family. I have purchased shark cards to show support for rockstar, but this is where it stops. You won't be getting anymore of my money, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198044617987,Not Recommended,271590,32551058,Posted: 18 June,all,sir digby chicken caeser,no
,Not Recommended,271590,32526039,Posted: 17 June,all,Sexy Powerful Princess Deca,"Modding is a huge thing to help a game survive, don't shut it down, keep it up, work with modders to fix the exploits the FEW were using."
,Not Recommended,271590,32545000,Posted: 18 June,all,A_Peanut,They ♥♥♥♥ed with the game to much removing most of the good things and pretty much saying ♥♥♥♥ you to any who like the singleplayer. And online is such a scam you have to grind way to much for something semi decent.
76561198133804303,Not Recommended,271590,32577418,Posted: 19 June,all,Th3_DUDE,Rockstars money grabbing
76561198115271445,Not Recommended,271590,32505534,Posted: 17 June,all,zpshannon,one of the worst publishers for a video game
,Not Recommended,271590,32470985,Posted: 16 June,all,down the rabbit hole,Yeah don't support this.https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
76561198202217024,Not Recommended,271590,32514767,Posted: 17 June,all,1graphton,You all get rich off of a game about crime... then you send a cease and desist because modding apparently illegal now.  Pathetic
,Not Recommended,271590,32516326,Posted: 17 June,all,Stahlhelm Steve,Don't buy it unless Take Two removes the stick from its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32514762,Posted: 17 June,all,RandomUser,"Well, time to see whether Steam accepts refunds for games past 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,271590,32588302,Posted: 20 June,all,FakeOut!,Take-Two is banning modding. We will not stand for this.
,Not Recommended,271590,32541811,Posted: 18 June,all,ironore,RIP mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32528891,Posted: 18 June,all,Degrees,RIP modding
76561197995453515,Not Recommended,271590,32580389,Posted: 19 June,all,Light,Can not recommend a company that tries to ban single player modding...
76561198061535734,Not Recommended,271590,32483616,Posted: 16 June,all,Ewan | trade.tf,"We shall not be silenced, bring back OPEN IV"
,Not Recommended,271590,32609174,Posted: 20 June,all,Malacare,"Gross amount of payed dlc and in-game purchases. Way to be real corporate scumbags, Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32522929,Posted: 17 June,all,FrawLawk,Honestly cannot understand why is it they can't handle the cheating problem that ruined Online? Why Cannot we have a good time with mods? Such a potentially good game wasted by their own negligence. I am done with this company and will never buy a game from them again!
,Not Recommended,271590,32522922,Posted: 17 June,all,RejectedXman,"Yeah, I'm onboard with this negative review thing, didn't they make enough money already like wtf, ffs?"
76561198254233712,Not Recommended,271590,32491501,Posted: 16 June,all,levimaggie360,"your going to lose alot of active players and members of this community. modding was the best thing about this game it was hackers who ruined online and it was modders who brang the single player community to life, on behalf of theOpenIV team ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198087017601,Not Recommended,271590,32423096,Posted: 14 June,all,Buckets,"No more Rockstar or Take Two for me ever.I paid top dollar for a complete game and as well as being made to wait an extra year to play it on PC, I'll never be able to see or experience the half of it due to it being locked away behind a grindfest, AKA a thinly veiled shove towards increasing their bottom line through ""shark cards"".If you actually have a job or full time school etc and don't purchase their ""micro-transactions"", then just forget about ever seeing the content you've already paid for.Just no...not ever again...Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me"
,Not Recommended,271590,32557452,Posted: 18 June,all,RRRY4N,I tried to find a positive comment but
,Not Recommended,271590,15680608,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,uҌᴛᴚi,"As a huge fan of all the amazing GTA IV single-player mods, my hopes were high for that tradition to continue on it's sequel, GTA V.  Unfortunately, GTA Online is all wrapped up into the same files.  Only a few weeks post-release and evidence abounds of thousands of players getting banned for using the new generation of mod content for single-player.  People getting banned for using a simple Field of View MOD is totally uncalled for.  Not supporting the honest efforts of the mod community disgusting.  I really want to recommend this game but honestly it will not be fun without mod support.  Stick to GTA IV if you enjoy the PC advantage of mod fun.PROS:Beautiful game.  Truly stunning.Highly enjoyable missions, characters and story.Audio is amazing.GTAO is extremely fun even with randoms.CONS:Punishes MOD community."
,Recommended,271590,16619881,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Raz',UN DOS TRES QUATRO BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEPIt's good
,Not Recommended,271590,15678284,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Scarsz lol,"You will be banned from GTA:Online for using a community-made fix for the serated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ first-person FOV if you don't uninstall the mod before going into online. Also, if you run into any cheater online and they happen to start shooting money bags (that give you thousands for each bag) at you, find a new session immediately and hope that you didn't just get flagged for cheating.Besides that, the game itself is great, optimization is pretty good though many people have occasional frame dips but they're nothing game breaking. Many cheaters in online though."
,Not Recommended,271590,16343900,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Conrad812,"GTA5 has an okay story, but i bought this to play GTA:O.-GTA:O has huge price gouging problems, so that you either grind for hours to get basically anything, or buy a shark card to get ingame cash.-GTA:O has a huge modder problem, and R* doesn't seem to be able to make a respectable anticheat.-there are a limited amount of heists and missions, so if you enjoy those, expect it to get extremely repetitive after a while.-anyone can buy a kuruma, which is an armored vehicle that costs money to destroy. you have to destroy it to get rid of someone in one of these, because the windows are basically nonexistant and everything else is bulletproof.-horrible p2p multiplayer system with no location lock, which means you might get a session with people across the world with horrible internet, making the entire session lag.+quite a variety of cars, so if you like cars you might like this game.+fun to play with a few friendsi'm sure there are other pros, but i haven't found many. i wouldn't recommend it in its current state."
76561197963877513,Not Recommended,271590,18917344,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Brodor,"Your typical Grand Theft template - new storyline, new characters, same fun.  Im leaving this review to address its ONLINE gameplay.When not being subject to a modder's or ""hacker's"" myriad of exploits, Online gameplay can start off as fun.  You'll learn quickly, however, that the many necessary team-oriented missions that are part of the online story can become a ridiculously repetitive nuisance.  This is mostly because the missions can be challenging and the people you play with can be mentally challenged and unfortunately, if any member of the team fails any part of the mission, you'll be restarting the mission; or if any member leaves, you'll be restarting the team building altogether and then of course the mission in its entirety.  Doesn't sound bad?  Factor in the load times between every fail, restart or regroup and you'll think twice.To avoid having a bad gaming experience because of other people, you may try to vet the heist members in your lobby which has proven to take a minimum of 30 minutes per heist.  Another option is to setup an all-star team of just your friends, but you may very likely run into a plethora of technical obstacles that will completely prevent you from playing altogether: be it Session Time outs when you try to start a session, member disconnection for whatever ridiculous bug that rockstar can't iron out or the painfully long load times between freeworld and heist sessions we all must endure when beginning, concluding or, all too commonly, repeating any mission or heist.  Simply put, the online facet of GTA seems to be forced and needs a LOT more work from its seemingly non-existent support to make the end user happy. As it stands, GTA online is a huge waste of my entertainment time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32551066,Posted: 18 June,all,Macerator_MMG,The taking down of a mod site for singleplayer to combat the influx of modders (which is rockstar's fault for making everything so damn expensive) is the most pitiful atempt of running a game i've seen.
,Recommended,271590,15452301,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,cool guy,ran over a biker and his friend followed me for 3 miles just to flip me off10/10
,Not Recommended,271590,16350216,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Armlad,"While I do admit this game is really enjoyable and worth the price, I cannot stand behind the decisions Rockstar have made when it comes to the current steam summer sale. I mean, raising the price right before the sale even started was kind of sketchy, but now they decide to squeeze their way onto the sales page by putting a bundle of the gta5 and ingame cash on sale to make it ""seem"" like its cheaper.Also the recent takedown of OpenIV because they want more people to stop playing singleplayer and move them to multiplayer so more people to buy their sharkcards is real jewish of them. Also the new gunrunning DLC ruined the fun of multiplayer with a broken flying bike with ♥♥♥♥ing rockets. Thanks a ton, lets hope we don't see flying horses with gatling guns for the low low price of 1,000,000$ USD in RDR2."
,Not Recommended,271590,34398377,Posted: 21 August,all,ominousgamer,"One of the best gaming experiences I have ever had. Absolutely loved the characters, the story, the humor, the car radio, the graphics and the gameplay. However, I'm gonna have to give this a negative rating because of the fact that the multiplayer was dumbed down for the sake of microtransations, which I despise. There is nothing more I hate than ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and unethical business practices like this is the gaming scene.I wanna thank the developers for making such an amazing game, but ♥♥♥♥ you to the rest of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who did all this crap.Imo, buy this game if you wanna enjoy a solo story. But if you are planning to buy this game for the online multiplayer, you are probably going to be a little disappointed. It has become a pure grind and filled with annoying noob donors. Not to mention the incredible loading times and all the hackers."
,Not Recommended,271590,26223444,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hovis McJovis,"""There is no financial incentive to ban hacker/modders in online so we won't do it. But hey, at least the new cars look sick af, nice job Barry"".gg Rocky, you somehow done goofed"
,Not Recommended,271590,16331559,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rick| Jaxsolton,Great game...but why the ♥♥♥♥ do you change the price RIGHT before the summer sale!
,Not Recommended,271590,32536816,Posted: 18 June,all,ice Niggles,"Rockstar and take 2 have gotten way to greedy, dont let these kind of people push us around becuase we whont let there hands deeper in our wallets and dictate what we can do with the products we buy"
,Not Recommended,271590,32502550,Posted: 17 June,all,Dj Da Subz,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
,Not Recommended,271590,34604146,Posted: 30 August,all,Hawk,"Rockstar is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I never cheated. And after the recent update, lost all my money. I earned them by completing missions and by being associates to CEO.I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE."
76561198037647626,Not Recommended,271590,32495320,Posted: 16 June,all,Darth Deaka,"**** Rockstar and this game, Open IV!!!!"
76561198272312627,Not Recommended,271590,34907837,Posted: 12 September,all,TheBlueZeus,Your account details have been adjusted:-3502200$Removing money from people who don't cheat at Online. I still love GTA but it's really made me mad...
,Not Recommended,271590,32687222,Posted: 23 June,all,Asriel Dreemurr,"Annoying af DRMOnline is s h i t on pcAnd now they took mods away because hurr durr hackers and copyright (not really, since they never cared about hackers on pc)Overall, I would get a refund if I still could, so don't even consider buying it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32577428,Posted: 19 June,all,Dash,Rockstar... Take Two...Are you crazy? Are you out of your mind?
,Not Recommended,271590,32421206,Posted: 14 June,all,BlackHawkTP,"Well, the time has come...Modding died since these money greedy hungry Take-Two sent a message to OpenIV that modding is now considered to be illegal. ILLEGAL. I can't believe this. All these efforts. OpenIV has put 9 years to progress RAGE modding and Take-Two just killed it. For s****y online. Even Rockstar claimed they don't support it but allowed to use in SP ,not in MP. I doubt that's Rockstar's decision and they will do something with it. Not going to buy next games by T2. And you do. So...#RIPGTAV #RIPGTA5#f*ckonline#RIPOPENIV#DONTBUYYou'll be missedR.I.P 2008-2017"
76561198089706509,Not Recommended,271590,32553103,Posted: 18 June,all,jurt,bought this game for mods. no more mods not worth it anymore
,Recommended,271590,18730621,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ZoZubin,Online is amazing!! if you have friends... :(
76561198036613059,Not Recommended,271590,15679312,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jason.............,"Take Two is threatening legal action against modding tools like OpenIV, ruining the expected longevity for this game. I'm so tired of companies treating their customers so badly. We paid you our $59.99, please just let us do what we want with the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,15679470,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,morgan.p,"i was banned from pc gta online i have not cheated or used ""hacks"" of any kind, support wont repond to me (been almost a week and i have been hung up on several times), i want my momey back"
,Recommended,271590,15724276,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Noose McGoose [4FCG],Mods are not banned
76561198041756601,Not Recommended,271590,32507537,Posted: 17 June,all,JiiPee,"edit. This review is based on experience over year ago. Haven't played it for a while, and I've heard that the modders (hackers) are no more, but didn't confirm it.Pros:+ World+ Online experience with friends  (love doing Heists in Online mode with friends)+ Lots of stuff to do, though there's no purpose to do themCons:- Hackers ruins the Online experience and Rockstar allows them to do that- Not enough co-op content (Heists) in Online mode- Loading screens takes forever sometimes- Poor connection issues sometimes- Rockstar Club- Poor character creation in Online mode- Didn't quite like the Single Player campaign  (never even finished it tbh)Do I recommend:If you don't have it already, buy it only if you have friends to play with in the Online mode. Even though there's not much stuff to do there, those few Heists are fun experience with friends (if you ever happen to find server that doesn't have hackers in it). But be warned, the Online mode is filled with Hackers who ruins the game, and Rockstar just sits idle doing nothing to stop them (or at least it feels like that).Verdict: 5 / 10 - Painfully average game"
,Not Recommended,271590,32533678,Posted: 18 June,all,JJava,The developer's/publisher's focus on milking the franchise for money is sadly killing the game.
,Not Recommended,271590,15991039,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,DeadlyPaws,"Great looking game, awesome to play with friends online. HOWEVER, the desync is unbearable. This game should NOT require the insane amount of internet connection. In this day in age I am at a loss as to why we aren't provided with dedicated servers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32587280,Posted: 20 June,all,GameZard,I can't recommend a game that is anti-consumer.
76561198070935898,Not Recommended,271590,16347777,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kylepownu {MHW Hunter},R* jacked up teh price for the gaben summer sale -11/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32495304,Posted: 16 June,all,davinchavin,Bring back mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32499644,Posted: 17 June,all,chroen,no mods on pc? Herecy!
76561198094195835,Not Recommended,271590,32605754,Posted: 20 June,all,GoldxWolf,Was a good game until they killed free mods.
76561198082974803,Not Recommended,271590,32517776,Posted: 17 June,all,GOOGLE---KSA,I logged in after the update Rockstar took all my hard work money and same to my Cousin who is still lvl 33. Doing this mean they want us charg shark cards to fill there pockets as result i dont recommend this game at all they will steal ur hard work There better games than this one to be honest after what they did i lost my will to play it.
,Not Recommended,271590,16333369,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Caboj <KIKKOMANUSA.COM>,"If you're wondering, it's an awesome game, but it's far from worth $90. save your money, the price is absolutely ridiculous."
76561198221208472,Not Recommended,271590,32601512,Posted: 20 June,all,ImNotGayBut5DollarsIs5Dollars,Sign this plzhttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openivAlso ♥♥♥♥ you take two
,Not Recommended,271590,32590631,Posted: 20 June,all,Soad,"Here's your feedback Rockstar, hope you achieved what you expected from all this."
,Not Recommended,271590,19150826,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,-TiR- FullFrontalSalt,GTA Online has become absolutely unplayable due to people using hacks. It's incredibly frustrating and there's nothing you can do about it. I hope Rockstar fixes this soon but I fear they won't...
,Not Recommended,271590,32423172,Posted: 14 June,all,DarkMatterM4,Enjoyed this game a whole ton until the publisher decided to send a cease and desist letter to GTA mod tool developers.  This kind of behavior should not be encouraged and whoever made this decision should be ashamed of themselves.
76561198181123134,Not Recommended,271590,23850402,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Manko For Dinner,there is one thing i will say rockstar banning for no reason ♥♥♥♥ you and your game
,Not Recommended,271590,18997303,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,[UEE] Chanka,"http://imgur.com/nyh38NmThe reasons are obvious... Our community praises games with pro-PC aspects, but Take-Two/Ubistar don't fit on any PRO-PC aspect.They're abusive against the PC gaming in general, they have delayed the true version of the game for almost 2 years, they are fighting against the modding community since the release of the game, they sabotaged the game code on IGG, making the game unplayable for almost 4 months.... Well, and what they did now? They sent private investigators after NTA and the GTA:MP guys to ""legally threaten"" them to force both modders to stop the development of their projects.How far can they go to avoid competition against their boring grindfest called GTA Online?All of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t has the unique objective of making the SP version of the game look dull (yes, FiveM is a SP modification, it has nothing to do with GTA Online), so SP mods won't get in the way of their shark card sales in GTA Online.Dear brothers, this is how much damage microtransactions can do to every gaming community! I'm 100% sure GTA V doesn't deserves the PCMasterrace recommendation right now and it should be removed.UPDATE: Take Twos recent actions of removing openiv, which allows for all singleplayer mods to work, has recieved a cease and desist orderhttps://youtu.be/9u_Nw1l4YjQif you wanted more detail."
76561197978966226,Not Recommended,271590,15679917,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,gilrad,Three weeks and two patches later and my game still crashes every 30mins to the ERR_GFX_D3D_INIT error message.
,Not Recommended,271590,32482872,Posted: 16 June,all,Peter S. 2O-91,"I give this a negative review, due to the fact that they have taken away the modding capabilities from many users who do noy wish to go online. Thus being said, thousands of people who have worked on mods for singleplayer use only, have not only lost their work, and can not enjoy expressing their creativity through modding, have lost all of their progress. In short words, Rockstar and Take-Two Interactive, have made a huge mistake, and upset a vast majority of their fan-base."
,Not Recommended,271590,25580494,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,8faiNt,"---24.5.2017-- its midnighti found a place that gives you money so ♥♥♥♥ this game. i have 150mil don'T care what people doDon't buy this gameEvery seasion full of hackers.Rockstar must fix it.-Edit 21-09-2016-Game is 10/10 Its trueHack Protection %0You can understand me when you flying with your hydra and kick out your hydra on clouds.  WTF?!?Or a hacker when you stopped your abilities or take your guns. (can't walk, can't shoot, can't drive/fly)Im still playing this game. but if there is no hack protection its mean no understandablemaking money. Its mean lot of waste of time you know?Im still saying game is good this is %100 im sure.No hack protection = No Good Time In Game ->> waste of time-Edit 27-10-2016-Rockstar bringed a protection not a real protection but 'meh' they taking back the cheating accounts money but people still have cars yatch cars stuffs other cool stuffs..so its a progress for me but my number for this game 2/5 The degree only for hack protection stuff the all of the game is worthing better degree like 4/5 (3/5 only for online)if they keep do it and fix the game maybe i can change my mind about this game and i start to play it again because im not playing this game long timeI'am sorry about my bad english im trying to make it better."
,Not Recommended,271590,32577431,Posted: 19 June,all,TrainerDarkrai,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.EDIT: Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
76561198051810341,Not Recommended,271590,32609184,Posted: 20 June,all,deuce1305,"No mods, no play. You can count on me to skip RDR 2 if TAKE TWO is going to continue buisness practices like this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32523971,Posted: 17 June,all,Burntpotato,Why shut down the mods?
,Not Recommended,271590,32521825,Posted: 17 June,all,FrostyWalrus,v
,Not Recommended,271590,32582263,Posted: 19 June,all,StarsMine,Somehow became illegal to mod the game. How about no.
,Not Recommended,271590,32564908,Posted: 19 June,all,Laberbär IV.,Would be great with modding support.
,Not Recommended,271590,16363948,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Skippy1300,"*Sees GTA V on summer sale*Me: ""Hey friend, now you can get GTA V its 25% off on the summer sa-.... Nevermined. Rockstar pulled a fast one on us.""Friend: :("
,Not Recommended,271590,32594026,Posted: 20 June,all,Eyecon,Take 2 F USo sad what you have done to the community. Don't expect another dollar out of me.
,Not Recommended,271590,33202797,Posted: 3 July,all,PCP(More like socially awkward),Next time a hacker offers you a millions dollar Take2
,Not Recommended,271590,32578347,Posted: 19 June,all,Butterygames,Trying to ban single player modding is a pretty crappy thing to do
76561198107215097,Not Recommended,271590,32554078,Posted: 18 June,all,ion,"I don't usually write reviews but, man this entire scandal has me really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.If you don't know what happened, Take-Two recently banned the use of the mod ""Open IV,"" which is a mod that is basically REQUIRED for all other GTA V mods. They effectively killed singleplayer modding, one of the primary selling points for GTA V on PC.Now I personally don't mod singleplayer in this game, but there are two primary reasons why I care about whats happening. The first being the fact that Take-Two made it impossible to use a majority of the awesome vehicles from GTA:Online (Hydra, etc.), therefore making the only way to use them being through modding. This is an incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practice and a balatant attempt to move players into the micro-transaction-ridden GTA:Online.The second reason why i care (this might get a bit off topic so I'll keep it short), is that Take-Two recently bought Kerbal Space Program, a game I adore, and also a game that heavily relies on the modding community. It genuienly concrens me that Take-Two might turn that game into a micro-transaction, unmoddable hole of a game that GTA V is now.Continue to spread the word, do NOT let Take-Two continue through with this. For the sake of GTA V, KSP, and all other future rockstar games, don't let this happen."
,Not Recommended,271590,32623701,Posted: 21 June,all,AlexFDR ☬⁔☬,"M̶o̶d̶i̶n̶g̶'̶s̶ ̶d̶e̶a̶d̶EDIT: This changes nothing, we will not forget what you did here T2 and R*."
76561198017873911,Not Recommended,271590,32552168,Posted: 18 June,all,Punchy766,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys."
,Not Recommended,271590,32596498,Posted: 20 June,all,Vision,"Sending a cease and desist for people developing content for a game following the rules laid out is just moronic, glad to see the rating plummeting"
76561198025285046,Not Recommended,271590,32492471,Posted: 16 June,all,ゲイ・リターダ,Bring Back Open IV
,Not Recommended,271590,32493427,Posted: 16 June,all,Sebass,"The publisher of GTA, Take-Two, recently filed a cease-and-desist letter to OpenIV, a single player modding tool which had no affect on their online gameplay. These anti-modding practices should not be tolerated by any gamer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32553101,Posted: 18 June,all,♥ ItsJiNXYY,"Unless you have never played this game on any other platform its not worth the 60$ Sorry R* I loved you, Then you let Take Two do this stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thats just not right RIP GTA V"
,Not Recommended,271590,32557442,Posted: 18 June,all,B🎃SS,B O N E L E S S
76561198026894235,Not Recommended,271590,20188344,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Slovak DenvelopE,"Game full of cheaters, cheeky marketing tactics, modding forbidden."
76561198313650296,Not Recommended,271590,25047089,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Gregor,Don't bother you will be banned for no reason.
,Not Recommended,271590,16350167,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sugar Ray,diz sale not sale =[
,Not Recommended,271590,16325930,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,sovasin,"What a joke, jacking up the prices just before the sale. lmao. And you can't even get a refund on this because the card is considered 'DLC' and is consumed when you buy the game (can't get refunds if you activate DLC)."
,Not Recommended,271590,16334557,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Harpuajim,♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices.  Good game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ publisher.
,Not Recommended,271590,24779556,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Phonophobie,"The game itself is a lot of fun, especially when playing together with friends in an online session. Time flies by and there's a ton of stuff to do and to explore. If I would really recommend this game.BUT the support of Rockstar Games sucks, big time. I got banned without any comprehensible reason. Okay, this might happen, so I'm fine with this. But I tried to get some further information how this could have happened. And this is were the fail of the support starts. Any mail or support ticket I wrote was blocked of by some automated message just telling me to leave them alone. All other attempts to get in contact were just ignored. I tried it for several days, but always the same outcome.So if you want to get judged by random cheat finding algorythims and kicked in the gutter by their support team, please buy this game."
76561198041779283,Not Recommended,271590,16325553,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,PPESI,"""Summer Sale"""
76561198111835390,Not Recommended,271590,16043380,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ghetto Potato,"I have to admit I'm really disappointed, but happy at the same time. The game itself is great, I love the new features, graphics, characters, etc. However, there are so many bugs and problems it makes playing impossible. The first most annoying problem is the crashing. At startup, the game crashes after looping the intro sound for about 5 minutes. Only after that can you play by pressing the retry button. Second, the game is very, very, very laggy. After playing about 10 minutes of smooth as silk gameplay, the game fluctuates from high fps to 0, in many stutters. It is not my pc or anything because the game is very smooth with inconsistent, frequent stutters, not a rough constant fps. This makes playing unbearable, even low fps would be preferred. Lastly, a few minor bugs are that in the voice settings menu, if you go down to it, the game automatically freezes and crashes.UPDATE:For some reason, I played today and got dream results. No crashing for the first time ever when opening, and it did not stutter once, even after leaving the game for some time. Amazing getting to play the game the way it was meant to be played, I only hope it stays this way."
,Not Recommended,271590,32544990,Posted: 18 June,all,GTRDrifter,"modding is a big thing in gta, and for take two interactive to just take it out is ridicolous. i bought this game for mods. now i will never play it again until mods are back"
,Not Recommended,271590,16333582,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cook66,Increasing the price of a game before a sale is illegal!Do not buy this game. Do not support this developer.
76561197983266782,Not Recommended,271590,16364428,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Thorns,Do not buy this game through steam. Anyone who has seen Error: 1000.50 would agree.
,Not Recommended,271590,32623784,Posted: 21 June,all,P3ER,Poor OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32524927,Posted: 17 June,all,Offensive_Words,RIP OPENIV
76561197967130737,Recommended,271590,15455994,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Riptide [Bastard!],"absolutely love it, haven't played a good tennis game for the pc in a while!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32610100,Posted: 20 June,all,Rolf Harris,Thanks for trying to force the community into gta online. Its obvious that rockstar cant be bothered making content for singleplayer.
76561198041405506,Not Recommended,271590,16063017,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,rockittt,"Where do I start, this review is more for the GTA online side of things.- HACKERS IN FREE MODE- HACKERS IN DEATHMATCHES- HACKERS IN ♥♥♥♥ING RACES (they blow me up randomly just cause im beating their sorry asses legit)- PASSIVE MODE- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LOADING TIMES (I have 16 GB ram a solid state drive and an intel core i7 overclocked to 4.5 GHz)- UNDERPOWERED AIRCRAFT THAT ARE SHOT DOWN BY ANYONE WHO HAS AN RPG WHICH ARE CHEAP- LITTLE BOYS PLAYING WITH SQUEAKY VOICESok so bullets over this game is actually really good in singleplayer, im actually really annoyed that they are banning people for using mods in the singleplayer aspect of the game, I have not done any modding and as such I am not banned.What I really hate about online is the fact that passive mode is like benefits in britain, its abused like hell, lets say theres this guy who kills you... fair enough you drive over to him to get revenge, he spots you and runs away, your in the middle of gunning him down then POP hes in passive mode, then he honks the sad trombone horn just to really rub it in!Hackers are now a big problem and for now ive completely stopped playing online I knew I hit rock bottom when I was in a pre race lobby with someone who was using a playermodel of a cat (not a cat face mask) an actual cat! The moment we started racing, I took the lead then BAM he does his hacker magic on me and blows me up Im like WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!!!I respawn only for him to blow me up again, and again, and again!!!!Where is the punk buster in this game there is no anti cheat in this game, rockstar mustve been like ""mergh the hackers wont be able to do♥♥♥♥♥♥in our game cus we incrypted all de files herpy derp!"" but no that wasnt enough you idiots at rockstar!Most expensive game ever produced in the history of earth mankind, and it doesnt have any defence against hackers, apart from encrypted game files.What a load of ♥♥♥♥ this game is...BUT HEY! OFFLINE IS STILL GOOD!Offline 9 out of 10Online 1 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32496297,Posted: 17 June,all,DOTRESSUS,GTA V online  ia auch a waste of potential.
76561198312762948,Not Recommended,271590,32687106,Posted: 23 June,all,Phillydip,Woohoo for capitalism...
,Not Recommended,271590,18554605,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CurlyHeadedCam,"Game is great, Rockstar's Archaic social club ruined it for me by taking away the ease and simplicity of Steam. What do you mean i can't play a game I BOUGHT because your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers won't work?"
,Not Recommended,271590,19646117,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zukaro Travon,"Story mode is what you'd expect.Online is riddled with hackers.Get it for singleplayer, don't bother with GTA Online.  Not only is GTA Online a massive grind, but people are constantly hacking ruining the fun and preventing you from actually progressing in your grind.Another problem with GTA Online is the whole bad sport thing.  You can't go blowing up peoples cars otherwise you're a bad sport and aren't allowed to play with friends (you can however, continuously mow everyone down without any penalties, just as long as you don't destroy their car).  Frankly, a lot of the fun of GTA comes from causing mayhem.  If you suddenly get banned for it what's the point?  Hell, what's the point of even having the ability to blow up other players cars if the ONLY outcome is getting in trouble?I also dislike the insurance system.  I'd like to be able to drive my car off a cliff into the ocean without spending all my money to replace it."
,Not Recommended,271590,16333332,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Communist Jesus,"♥♥♥♥ this game.I bought it this morning and when I went eagerly to play, I was presented by a myriad of hackers, but that's just the tip.Ontop of the blatantly atrocious amount of hackers even on an online platform which requires processing to allow in-game money purchases, I was ripped off.R* shadily keeps the 60$ price but get's that nice ''SALE'' tag by bundling it with DLC, but that's not the worse part, i'll get to that in a bit, but first: DO NOT BUY THE BUNDLE, R* HAVE CREATED IT TO EXPLOIT A LOOPHOLE.Not only are they doing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing by keeping the price high for a 2 year old game, but they exploited a loophole that when you buy the bundle, it is the microtransaction that costs 60$ (and over), NOT THE GAME, the game is priced free. So when you try to get a refund, you cannot get a refund for the base game, only the microtransaction. The result ? It is impossible to get a refund.But, that's not what pisses me off, no. Do you know what pisses me off ? THE SHARK CARD DIDN'T EVEN WORK. I CANNOT GET A REFUND FOR A MICROTRANSACTION ITEM THAT TECHNICALLY DOES NOT EXIST TO MY ACCOUNT.DO NOT BUY THE BUNDLE, YOU WILL REGRET IT."
,Not Recommended,271590,19063318,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,spooky john,multiplayer is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ and its full of hackers that only want to ruin your gameplay
,Not Recommended,271590,16323599,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JAmoreno97,So...you're just going to keep digging Rockstar?
,Recommended,271590,23667414,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kappa Gnome,This game could be the following:Police Brutality Simulator 2016Armored Kuruma Simulator 2016Call Center Simulator 2016Kill Your Friends Simulator 2016 Gold EditionSilent Protagonist Simulator 2016Fashion Simulator 2016Guys playing Girls Simulator 2016Heist Hosting Simulator 2016Loading Screen Simulator 201659.99 Simulator 2016Shark Card Simulator 2016Grind Simulator 2016 Special EditionLester Crest Simulator 2016Self Radio Simulator 2016Rob The Same Store 50 Times Simulator 2016Traffic Light Obeying Simulator 2016Gang Attack in an Airport SImulator 2016Console Exclusive Simulator 2013False Report Simulator 2016RAM Waste Simulator 2016Spawn Kill Simulator Tryhard Starter Pack DLCTop Speed Simulator – 120 MPH EditionBan For Suffering From Cheaters Simulator 2016Jump Jet Ownage Simulator 2016Bilinear Filtering Simulator – Definitive EditionNPC Respawn Out Of Fu⁤​с​k​​i​​ng Nowhere Simulator 2016Rob The Same Bank And Equipment Required For It 50 Times Simulator 2016Please Return To Grand Theft Auto V And Try Again Later Simulator 2016Speed Limit Obeying Simulator 2016Sensible Vehice Color Choice Simulator 2016Effective Anti-Cheat Simulator 2016Horn Customization Simulator 2016Continuously Murdered By A Nihilistic 12 Year Old Simulator 2016$5290 Flashlight Simulator 2016Killed By A Snowball Simulator 2016GTA Online will be available once you have completed the Prologue Simulator 2016Player no longer in session Simulator 201760 car garage so you can blow more modded money on cars Simulator 2017Can't open Steam overlay without opening shark card marketplace while in a shop Simulator 2017Level 8000 Simulator 201710/10Definitely would sing for RP again
,Not Recommended,271590,15678587,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Romanuke,I got banned but my fov is so low now I can't see it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32806219,Posted: 26 June,all,TitaniumTitan,Friend was banned out of nowhere. A person who wouldnt know how to mod who just joined the pc ranks and still can't aim with a mouse. Only plays private lobbies with me and a few real life friends. Support only responds with copy pastas and phone support is unhelpful. His character will be reset which will absolutely make him stop playing with me. ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar!
,Not Recommended,271590,32549789,Posted: 18 June,all,Guy #RealMemes,OpenIV must live
76561197980231454,Not Recommended,271590,32514756,Posted: 17 June,all,Peel,The same BS for 4 years straight.
,Not Recommended,271590,32491505,Posted: 16 June,all,gopherchucks,"well thanks a lot for lumping good people into you BS greed for shark cards . lets get real here thats the reason you did it. mods are not the issue, hackers are .  they are very diff in practice. mods are fun hacks are not. you only did this to force shark card purchase. and removing people money under the guise of "" it was in your account under no fault of your own"" is more BS! you have done this for 3 days now and my acc is empty.  dont buy this if you want shelf life , cost serv, and for god sake dont buy shark cards as they are the reason for this tripe."
76561198161605492,Not Recommended,271590,32601484,Posted: 20 June,all,darthmichael18,"Take-Two making over 8 billion dollars in just Shark Card DLC's is not enough money for greedy corporate ♥♥♥♥s like them and to put salt in the wound, Rockstar are supporting their decision just because they are the publishers for their games. Even DICE has stood up to EA's poor employee treatement and greedy tactics used in the gaming community. If mods are ""illegal"" as Two♥♥♥♥♥♥claims, why have the thousands of other developers not taken down MODB, gamefront, jkhub, steam workshop, or any other sources for mod, as well? Grand Theft Auto 5 has been out for almost 5 years now and since Rockstar has put their main focus on the further ""development"" (just crappy DLC's) and (hopefully) Red Dead Redemption 2, Take-Two has feels so useless so they take to ♥♥♥♥ing the community which has already resulted in people not buying Rockstar's games anymore. BRAVO. I cannot believe the timing of this cease and decist on Open 4. I just recently, despite it being available for a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of years, decided to try it out and to my surprise it was unavailable. That is god awful timing on my part, but also ♥♥♥♥♥♥ or corporates side. On behalf of myself and Angry Joe. When the game first game out you done did it good! Now, YOU DONE ♥♥♥♥ED IT UP."
76561198111193309,Not Recommended,271590,32548276,Posted: 18 June,all,Kenji,Nice job turning your fans against you.
76561198131720914,Not Recommended,271590,32524950,Posted: 17 June,all,FarCreed3,Rockstar has reversed the cease and desist on OpenIV but do not forget or forgive them for trying to do this.
76561198010065210,Not Recommended,271590,32565022,Posted: 19 June,all,Windows7,"Take 2, I will not be buying any of your future games. Thank you. Maybe you and your CEO and go per user monetize that? I hope so. Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,271590,32533673,Posted: 18 June,all,Hayden,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys."
76561198088116430,Not Recommended,271590,32586417,Posted: 20 June,all,Chr1s_H1ntgen,Do I even need to say why??
,Not Recommended,271590,32610101,Posted: 20 June,all,Daddy AsFcc,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you."
12345678912987654,Not Recommended,271590,23442782,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Royaltitties,I received a 10 day ban for no GODDAMN reason.
,Not Recommended,271590,16314564,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,thecreepermann,"Summer sale fraud. Long load times, does not load while minimized, pay to win online."
,Not Recommended,271590,16280659,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Sexy Beast ae Bowmore,"LOADING SCREENS THE GAMEEvery action in GTA online seems to lead to a loading screen, i am convinced i have spent more time staring at a loading screen than playing the damn game"
,Not Recommended,271590,24190603,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,azazazaza,"Great game, but terrible support.At any moment you can be banned by Rockstar (without any reason) and you can do nothing about it.All your support tickets will be closed by robots, so you can just wait (until another ban)."
,Not Recommended,271590,16348660,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lobo,"♥♥♥♥♥move, Rockstar.They jacked the price up by $30 before the summer sale so when it DOES go on sale it's still REGULAR price.♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.This game is now $97.99 CDN before the ""Sale"". ♥♥♥♥ off Rockstar."
76561198024095227,Not Recommended,271590,32577374,Posted: 19 June,all,PaToNe,"Take two you lose a customer, free the mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32577376,Posted: 19 June,all,Rik,we need our mods back!
,Not Recommended,271590,32563784,Posted: 19 June,all,Burgerkrieg,"If it hasn't already reached the finish line, Take 2 is fast progressing on the road to becoming a games publisher that is worse than EA. Their frankly disgusting practice of trying to control what people do with a game they purchased by employing nefarious means under false pretence would be akin to Electrolux coming to your home and stealing the door of your freezer so you can only use the half of the appliance that is the refrigerator, if Electrolux ever did such a thing. Only Electrolux doesn't do that because they are not a bunch of odorous ♥♥♥♥♥e. I encourage anyone alive, dead, and yet unborn to never even consider the purchase of any product Take 2 might possibly make any profit from, as this will be my policy going forward until the heat death of the universe."
76561198074205933,Not Recommended,271590,32492482,Posted: 16 June,all,Little Bunny FooFoo,"If a company tries to sue modders or supporters of modding-tools, the company and their games can NOT be recommended at all."
,Not Recommended,271590,32540180,Posted: 18 June,all,JulesNine,Game was fun before they basically took away mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32502530,Posted: 17 June,all,Mr Trapson,♥♥♥♥ taketwo
,Not Recommended,271590,32522920,Posted: 17 June,all,New btw,no
76561198106652281,Not Recommended,271590,29528001,Posted: 27 January,all,Night Shift-SRB,"35 year old gamer, on steam for 12 years, never hacked in any game, never have and never will.ROCKSTAR has banned me once out of the blue and refused to respond, i gave up and allowed ban to expire and loaded in yesterday to find it finally had expired, so today i decide to go and enjoy a small game.. only to find out that now i have been PERMANANTLY banned for breaching T&C ... no actual reason for the ban, just a message saying your banned and you will never be unbanned, i got this game on PRE ORDER - be warned that if your buying the game for the online experiance you dont get to keep your account, when rockstar gets bored they will just ban you.I do not, and have never run ""scripts"" or ""mods"" or ""recording software"" or ANYTHING that could possibly be considered other then default, yet here i am permanantly banned. BUYERS BEWARE."
,Not Recommended,271590,32555866,Posted: 18 June,all,Tankbait,You guys ♥♥♥♥ed up.  Fix this.
76561198144454131,Not Recommended,271590,24880604,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Absolute,"Banned for no reason. 3 Times in a row. Look at my gameplay time : (1.2 hrs last two weeks). I dont use hacks, cheats or mods. There are MANY trollers in the game, MANY trollers in the forums ( Just read the forums to see how many there are). Hackers in the game ( and they arent getting banned where else Innocent people like me are getting banned). By the way, tried emailing their support many times, and all are AUTOMATIC REPLIES. Wasted my money, my time. If you like getting banned for no reason, buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,271590,16323660,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TableSpoob,"Changed price? dude, don't you have enough?"
76561198002585649,Not Recommended,271590,15613920,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,WallMart,"Online is broken beyond repair. Unable to join friends with the retail version and if i can join i'm kicked out 30 seconds later. Story is boring and it's clear that this installment of GTA is made for multiplayer, which as i said, does not work."
,Not Recommended,271590,15681512,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Top Secret Weapon,"Nope. Rockstar bans mods & is anti-modding? When will game developers learn that banning mods will -not- work? It's a good game, but the only reason I bought GTA 5 was for the mods. A waste of $60 if Rockstar continues on their path.Edit: Rockstar's announced that Singleplayer modding is fine, as long as you don't enter Multiplayer with it. Let's see if they restore peoples accounts now."
,Not Recommended,271590,32516349,Posted: 17 June,all,ุุุุุ,"Its a good game but the developers are Jewish. They will not allow many forms of modding in singleplayer ways, whereas it only affects singleplayer gameplay, and not multiplayer. These jews think that all form of modding is illegal whether its affecting a solo gameplay or a multiplayer fashion. -rep"
,Not Recommended,271590,24458293,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,💀K1llm1s7eR💀,"Bans simulator online...why ? I have no idea why I get banned for the second time (and the first time too)...""thanks"" Rockstar. Useless support, biodegradable wastehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCrikSuHFAg"
,Recommended,271590,15414274,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,• ES3TH,"I couldn't enjoy this game on a console, but maybe it's even better because I was familiarized for the first time with GTA V on PC. The game is well optimized and polished, didn't notice many bugs yet, the graphics are stunning, even at medium settings. The gameplay is way more developed in comparison to GTA IV and the story is promising to be very interesting. I don't regret any cent I spent for this game. Totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32568997,Posted: 19 June,all,what can go wrong will go wrong,Spent over 200 hours on this game in singleplayer enjoying all the great mods that the community created now its all gone forever Rest In Peace GTA 5.
76561198090570127,Not Recommended,271590,32591702,Posted: 20 June,all,rredundant,"Great game, but with the greedy nature of Rockstar Games; the players suffer. The game play is outstanding, and the first person experience is a great addition. Yet, the extremely high costs of in-game items and businesses only encourage the user to buy shark cards which are an over priced scam. The modding community are some of the nicest people and with the new ban wave, and negative attitude towards all those who try and make the individual user experience better through modding. I can only recommend that you wait to purchase this game until Rockstar is more open to modding once again, and they decide to reduce player dependency on shark cards."
76561198079719470,Not Recommended,271590,32481013,Posted: 16 June,all,DoctorNarwhal11,Take-Two screwing over their community.
,Not Recommended,271590,32558256,Posted: 18 June,all,"Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson",no modding=no fun
76561198260586481,Not Recommended,271590,32555087,Posted: 18 June,all,slash358th,"Just banned modding, still charging full price for the game. At this point in GTA V's life, the only reason people would buy it is to mod it. You literally just shot yourself take-two. Everyone who has Open IV, make back ups and keep modding!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32567552,Posted: 19 June,all,Neoco,"We brought the game. We should be allowed to use whatever we want to enjoy the game more. Very poor, game companies need to take a step back and realise that they cannot control everything after game is sold to us, customers. All they done is hurt their brand and the GTA's brand, in this case. Suppot to all the modders not just OpenVI who are getting screwed by idiots with small brains."
,Not Recommended,271590,32631476,Posted: 21 June,all,Neet,"No Mods, No point in buying.Edit: Open IV is back!  The overwhelming iron fist of toxic steam users reigns again!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32513034,Posted: 17 June,all,markyMALFUNCTION,"I've been a huge fan and supporter of Rockstar over the years and have bought multiple copies of many games over many systems over the years. I was even concidering buying a console specificaly for RDR2. That is now in serious doubt, I can't in good conscience give any more money to or recomend products by a company that is actively working against the mod community, a community that has improved the GTA experience for many many people for free."
,Not Recommended,271590,15687896,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Airbus A420-269,"142 hours on recordFOV MOD + SINGLEPLAYER Trainer + ReShade = BANNice move Rockstar.I even preordered your 2013 game at a ridicule price to show you how much the PC relase was important but no, let's screw the key selling point of our game to sell in-game transactions to support the awful peer-to-peer laggy multiplayer that this game has.Let's wait until the 16th when my ban will expire to evaluate better the game"
,Not Recommended,271590,28358854,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ThotC,If you buy this game for online then prepare to get banned for no reason.
,Not Recommended,271590,32529819,Posted: 18 June,all,FoPzl,>:l
,Not Recommended,271590,32580334,Posted: 19 June,all,Mikeferdy (FD),Play Skyrim instead.
,Not Recommended,271590,32605764,Posted: 20 June,all,Emoji del monito,no mods :(
,Not Recommended,271590,32577409,Posted: 19 June,all,Spooky Boy Rideout,Adding to the neg score since they're taking a rough stance on mods. Actually ♥♥♥♥ off♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198286132681,Not Recommended,271590,32659092,Posted: 22 June,all,TheHaterNaderCrusader,"GTA 5 has got to be one of my favorite games of the past few years.  I could care less about the stupid shark cards however what really has me writing a negative review is the recent action Take-Two Interactive (Rockstar's parent company) has taken against mods.  OPEN IV was something I came across fairly recently and I must say it is an excellent fix to getting around the hard-to-get files from GTA's core game.  One thing to note is that many single player mods (from which I have used) specifically don't let the user boot into their online persona thus returning the player back to story mode.I have to admit that I've had trouble with R* in the past, but they should definitly take a second thought about take two and where it'll land their personal reputation.  Thanks for taking the time to read this m9, and like a shark, I think this whole thing is a bad idea-and for that reason, I'm out!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32531078,Posted: 18 June,all,RabbitFood,Game is a big grind. Attack on modding. Creators you can go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves.
,Not Recommended,271590,32571531,Posted: 19 June,all,Mistahjan,this game sucks. all they want is for you to spend all your money on shark cards online.. and now they have decided to remove mods to get more people online. but im not spending a dime on this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32565005,Posted: 19 June,all,xavvypls,LOL Take Two Interactive you guys are complete morons. Have fun with the negative reviews for removing modding XD
76561197966234738,Not Recommended,271590,32609188,Posted: 20 June,all,i just found 12 bricks,no mods? no use. will remain uninstalled until fixed.
76561198149990414,Not Recommended,271590,16366571,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hurgen,"Nice turn, ♥♥♥♥♥tar..."
76561198121001814,Not Recommended,271590,32631311,Posted: 21 June,all,RICH PIANA,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198067162900,Not Recommended,271590,32527894,Posted: 17 June,all,DapperBear,Why the hell would you guys at take two remove modding....so stupid
,Not Recommended,271590,32536794,Posted: 18 June,all,✪ TokiMcNoodle,Well ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want my mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32664039,Posted: 22 June,all,❬GMCHosting❭ ertug2,♥♥♥♥ed up the modding scene in the game. Completely screwed up. They had one job and failed it.
,Not Recommended,271590,16334486,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sergio,"This game is spectacular. It feels like a technological marvel, but beyond that, the gameplay is great and the writing is absolutely top notch. I really can not say enough good things about it.But I can't recommend it. Rockstar just makes so many sketchy business decisions. The game verifies with their social club every time it's launched, and i've had situations were I was unable to play in offline mode because of it. The game also tries to make money off of microtransactions. But worst of all, was what they did during the steam sale. They bundled GTA V with other things (older GTA games, in-game items, etc), raised the price to 80, advertised 25-33% off, and sold it for 60. Basically, the raised the price just to slash it down to the regular price and promote a ""sale"".This game truly is wonderful and spectacular in every category. It's a shame that Rockstar treats their customers so badly. Don't buy it until they clean up their act."
,Not Recommended,271590,32600080,Posted: 20 June,all,Lohnyx,"Pros: Enjoyable story, ""free"" DLCs (using the word 'free' very loosely)Cons: Modding was recently banned and all content from the DLCs basically requires you to have no life beyond that of playing this game in multiplayer to afford the content - the grind is almost physically painful-, or you pay microtransactions through 'Shark Cards' (ranging from £1.99 for $100,000 to £59.99 for $8,000,000) to be able to afford small fractions of the DLCs.I bought this game on my PC almost solely to enjoy the thousands of mods available, but because of the cease and desist order sent by TakeTwo to OpenIV (the developers/tool used to mod the game) this is almost impossible, so I heavily encourage you *not* to buy this game in protest against Rockstar and TakeTwo."
,Not Recommended,271590,32563753,Posted: 19 June,all,sup homie 🍌,"Hackers everywhere, mods banned. Rockstar can't handle anything."
,Not Recommended,271590,32419669,Posted: 14 June,all,X!ŁΛNÐRØ,Thank you Take-Two for making SINGLEPLAYER modding for GTA4 and GTAV illegal. Thank you for Cease&Desist the OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32492475,Posted: 16 June,all,AresSab3r,"I regret the money and most of the time spent on this game. The singleplayer is uninspiring and multiplayer is a grindfest dependant on playing with friends to find any fun. Basic UI is unfunctional and frustrating. The first GTA I put decent time into and it will take drastic change before I buy another.Also Take Two is a dishonest, greedy, anti-consumer group I have no intention of ever giving money again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32623764,Posted: 21 June,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),just joining the hate train lol
,Not Recommended,271590,32645768,Posted: 22 June,all,Elinity,Imagine playing Skyrim without mods.......
76561198000505439,Not Recommended,271590,32552164,Posted: 18 June,all,Apothete,"The single player campaign is fine, but even before the Open IV scandal, Take Two and Rockstar's attitude towards mods was weird. If I had it to do over, I'd go back and not buy the game just to protest their stance of modding of single player content.You don't have to make it easy to do or give us tools but don't try to tell people what they can and can't do with their purchases."
76561198320477664,Not Recommended,271590,32625055,Posted: 21 June,all,Bodieply,♥♥♥♥ this game rockstar make this game worst.Never deal with those modders now you even blame on openIV?you kidding me right?Also you just ban me cuz I'm playing this game too well?All my 770 hours play hours just gone in no reason.DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HATE CHEATER OR YOU WANT TO INSTALL MOD ON STORY MODE THIS GAME IS TOTALLY WASTING YOUR MONEY AND TIME.
,Not Recommended,271590,26285966,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MRKhalis.,"Bought this game on November 30th 2015. Played the single player and finished the campaign. Okay.The not okay part is the Online. Honestly, the community is crap *in general*. I'm writing this based on my experience playing Online. There are times where I had to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to avoid myself from being a troll or rage victim of an angry trolling homicidally insane maniac or even worse, a bunch of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in one group, preying on almost everyone they see in the same session. I know, I know, there's passive mode and I can turn it on but I can't even punch AIs let alone pull out my guns and shoot and kill them if I were to do that.Another not okay part is, the anti-cheat system. Once some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hacker spawned a tank, A TANK IN CHROME, in my apartment. Another ridiculous part is, a hacker spawned ♥♥♥♥♥ons of cash on my char's head when I was killing cops. The next day I opened Online, I got banned for 2 weeks. Nice. I filed an appeal for unban, nope, no reply, nothing, not even a peep.2 weeks have passed. Opened Online and played with a friend of mine. He brought along his other friends as well. Finished 2 heists. Cool. My friend and his one friend left the game. I was alone with his another friend. Killing cops after the heist was fun, not until that little friend of friend of mine joined and start killing cops by flying around and landing from this certain place to that certain place. Guy was also spawning illegal cash on another friend of my friend before they leave. This continued for a few minutes then I got banned, for a month. Nice. I filed another appeal despite I expected there'll be no response from the customer service. Nice. Nothing, no reply.1 month has passed. Opened Online, joined a heist group and finished 3 heist missions. Nice. Started roaming around in the session I was thrown into after the last heist mission. I got bored, so I closed the game. The next day, I had sudden feeling that I should open my e-mail. I usually trust my inner instinct so I gave it a go. Opened my e-mail andddd bam. A very sweet and charming e-mail from Rockstar saying that I'm banned for the third time FOR NO APPARENT REASON. Nice. Great. Didn't want to file an unban appeal because I know the customer service is♥♥♥♥♥♥Oh my gosh, GTA 5 is on sale. Guess what?! Let's buy it!Oh you wanna buy it? Oh sure, okay, cool, I'm not stopping you because that's an individual's choice in economics and I'm no commie. But once you got that game, you better be really really really really really really really really really careful with people in the game especially when you're playing Online, and freeroaming in a random session. You'll never know what's coming to you. If there's a hacker in the session and you love your money and you don't wanna get banned because of that certain degenerated retard, read my words and digest them properly:LEAVE. THE. SESSION. IMMEDIATELY.The game is great, I'll give that for Rockstar. The online community, anti cheat system, customer service however are next level terrible crap."
76561198030477891,Not Recommended,271590,32536812,Posted: 18 June,all,Buying trading cards,"♥♥♥♥ing GREEDY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s I remember when they put game on sale but they bundled ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥shark cards with the game and then after discount price was the same..... LOL that was great move. Like who wouldn't like some overpriced ingame money right?also they sued guys which were making RPG mod for multiplayer like one in SA:MP which actually help keeping that game alive after so many years. DO you know why they sued them? bcz if they would make that mod and every admin could manage how much money player could earn on the server noone would buy that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥sharkcraap so they just closed that project.And now this? they want to ban moding in SP too, just ♥♥♥♥ You!I hope gamers will support community and not buy this game from GREEDY SHARKS so maybe they will learn somethingThank You very much!"
,Not Recommended,271590,16351503,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MasterPasha,"""sale"""
,Not Recommended,271590,15678040,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tom A. Virus,"Overhyped and Incredibly Tedious.Submarines were good though.Also play online before the russki script kiddies take over (They probarly have already, gg).If you really want to enjoy this game, get it on a console as rockstar haven't ♥♥♥♥ed that up... yetThat is all.Ok with the addition of the smugglers update I can say this, this game now basicly Planetside so you can either:Buy this game and shark cards to get the new stuff (And stilll get ♥♥♥♥ed over by script kiddies).Just play Planetside thats free and at least has some balanced updates(Cause FREE!!!).That is all.Again.P.S. Also ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar (They'll never read this but meh venting)"
76561198040341887,Not Recommended,271590,15625248,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Update Queued,"50 out of 100 hours watching the LA from a satellite.game crashesthe core sys of the online part is a common farming( much like the p*yd*y 2)pvp you say? srs? with this lag and packetloss?it seems to be a nice game, till you get your hands on it(but i think it worths 30$ for the very least"
,Not Recommended,271590,24981494,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Olanov,"Meanwhile Rockstar's crusade against modding stands still at limiting the amount of added cars to three.Go find some better use for your money, or just stick to FiveReborn if you're stuck with the product.*Cue R* Defense Force"
,Not Recommended,271590,32578391,Posted: 19 June,all,Nitrotitan,A game that once had equally balanced updates for the rich and the poor is now a sharkcard driven cluster♥♥♥♥ with nothing but modders and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,271590,32561627,Posted: 19 June,all,Ham the Terrible,"I rarely play  multiplayer in any game anymore.  I buy games like this specifically for their history of modding.  That has been the entire sales point on games like the later Elder Scrolls games and past GTA games.  The fact that they are going to the point of sending PIs to peoples' homes and threatening them is just plain ludicrous.  I wish I could still refund this game. If I could, I would.  I think I'm done with all Take Two Interactive games."
,Not Recommended,271590,16214325,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Hmmmm Nice Bike ツ,👌👌MESS WITH THE BEAN AND YOU GET THE WRATH OF THE FULL BURRITO 2K!!👌👌 BRING BACK MODS!!!👌👌
,Not Recommended,271590,18992203,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Xlyene,GTA Online = Cheat Simulator 2015
76561198072299145,Not Recommended,271590,32655722,Posted: 22 June,all,Odyssey,Take two needs to do a double take on its descision.
76561198058815049,Not Recommended,271590,32601455,Posted: 20 June,all,Emperor Clark,"♥♥♥♥ you for ♥♥♥♥ing over gamers. ♥♥♥♥ Bethesda, ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar and ♥♥♥♥ these money grubbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for destroying modding community. ♥♥♥♥ you all."
,Not Recommended,271590,32500979,Posted: 17 June,all,Brendan,Make single player gameplay moddable again
,Not Recommended,271590,32533676,Posted: 18 June,all,一只正常的猫,Why
76561198012832884,Not Recommended,271590,32538563,Posted: 18 June,all,Xenphenik,Terrible game. Awful developers
,Not Recommended,271590,32556673,Posted: 18 June,all,Satans Psychiatrist,On behalf of modders <3
,Not Recommended,271590,32496308,Posted: 17 June,all,Omae wa mou Shindeiru,nel mods Xd
,Recommended,271590,15386411,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,~ Molly ~,"Amazing Game ♥Take a dog out for a walk, play tennis, be a taxi driver and shareholder. I enjoy it so much. The story was great and funny in most of it, make me keep following it.The world look nice and beautiful, a lot of activities to do and a lot of thing that waiting us to find out ;)Not a single problem I found. Everything went fine for me. I loved and enjoy this game so much."
,Recommended,271590,27526077,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sharik,"Basic informationTitle:Grand Theft Auto VDeveloper(s):Rockstar NorthPublisher(s):Rockstar GamesGenre(s):Modern, Action Adventure, Open-WorldSingleplayer:YesMultiplayer:YesNumerical ImpressionOverall*/10AI8Atmosphere9Gameplay10Graphics10Characters10Optimization10Originality9Sound10Soundtrack9Story10Ratings95/100General ImpressionThis is one of THE best single player games I've ever played. The over-world has an astounding amount of detail and nuance, the content is ample, the characters and story are interesting, and a lot of the mechanics are fun to use. The story is surprisingly deep and is on par with a gang/mafia style movie. One of the things that Rockstar has understood about GTA is that making the driving/traversing around the world fun makes everything else fall into place, and this game is the best in the series at it. Sometimes you just want to drive around and go sight-seeing, which is extremely fun.As a PC port, it exceeds expectations. This game is proof that it is always worth it to wait for a PC port, as long as the developer makes sure to do it well. Uncapped framerate, resolutions, lots of options for optimization, etc. The rendering distance is great, and it's very easy to see most of the distinct features of a landscape at a long distance."
76561198067156626,Not Recommended,271590,15679836,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Japanese Businessman,Banned for using a mod wtf. this is the worst. 0/10♥♥♥♥ rockstar
,Recommended,271590,25322882,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ἀχιλλεύς,"Great game, awesome concept. There are so many people you can play in this game and multiplayer games. This is amazing. The great storyline is very interesting because you have three main characters that you can switch at any time. The task is smooth and I have not encountered a lot of mistakes. It is very smooth. It's a great game.I absolutely recommend this game.10/10"
76561198086238958,Not Recommended,271590,32422592,Posted: 14 June,all,IoeShepard,"The way this Community gets treated is just sad. Shark carded to death.There is a moral here.Don´t give them Money.Uninstalled of course, no longer willing to play along."
76561198032650977,Not Recommended,271590,32601462,Posted: 20 June,all,Tyler,No mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32601483,Posted: 20 June,all,Beornwahl,"Gamers: Hey, can we have some more single player content?Take Two  and Rockstar: No, feck you!""Great people make it themselves to share freely with us and add to the game""Take Two  and Rockstar: And now modding is banned..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32423134,Posted: 14 June,all,Wowmod,Not worth it without mods.
76561198064147369,Not Recommended,271590,32423142,Posted: 14 June,all,Willard_T,Single player story mode is one of the best gaming experiences I've had.Online mode is a non-stop cluster-♥♥♥♥ nightmare cash-grab garbage heap dumpster fire trainwreck piece of absolute donkey ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,271590,32526947,Posted: 17 June,all,tommy9512,Well done
,Not Recommended,271590,32482875,Posted: 16 June,all,Shy the Beef,Who the hell bans mods like wth guys
76561198018874330,Not Recommended,271590,32521819,Posted: 17 June,all,Adamk570,I really love rockstar and their work but take two is just a horrible company. Money is their only drive.
76561198116067990,Not Recommended,271590,32660710,Posted: 22 June,all,Dr. Big Cock,banned for hackers dropping items on you and having mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,19439108,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Erpan,There are a lot of hackers on online.
76561197963802404,Not Recommended,271590,32536803,Posted: 18 June,all,michael scofield,Bring back mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32632263,Posted: 21 June,all,James10death,no mods? go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves
,Not Recommended,271590,16705553,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CaptainDerp,"Really fun game but Rockstar has done nothing to hackers and stuttering isses that everyone is getting from last patch. Feel like they screwed us over. Dont get me wrong doe, this game is really fun and I like it but you know the hackers and stuff. When they fix the issues and hackers Ill fo show' change my review to positive."
,Not Recommended,271590,32553072,Posted: 18 June,all,My bones hurt,Take 2 is now possibly one of the worst development companies on par with Ubisoft and Activision
76561198007849451,Not Recommended,271590,32507508,Posted: 17 June,all,McLeish,RIP OpenIVhttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,32577381,Posted: 19 June,all,not Harold,They ♥♥♥♥ed up the modding community.
76561198090852521,Not Recommended,271590,32578346,Posted: 19 June,all,Mattman12310,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
,Not Recommended,271590,32569019,Posted: 19 June,all,Monolith,THEY TOOK OUR MODS!!
76561198011052214,Not Recommended,271590,32605758,Posted: 20 June,all,Baby Got Flav,"Suck it, Take Two."
76561198064109853,Not Recommended,271590,15680043,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MinchMeister,Rockstar banning people with mods. Didnt we just go through this with Valve trying to sell mods? Hasnt the gaming industry learned not to ♥♥♥♥ with mods yet?
76561198180429378,Not Recommended,271590,22852162,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nicholas,"BAN!!!BAN!!!BAN!!! you did nothing but just just normally play the game and then you just got banned for online mode and you don't know why even they don't tellyou.what?how about the cheat player who f**king use the cheating scripts, they were playing well in the game!!! in the game!!! and those f**king legal player could only sleep or maybe blow himself for ten days or half month or even totally be banned for good.What a terrafic wonderful popular game!!! waho"
76561198022018852,Not Recommended,271590,20620774,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,LeoLiuos,"Gta V is a solid single player experience. And I have had lots of fun in both single player and multiplayer. But today? I cannot recommend it to anyone if they are planning to play multiplayer.When it comes to multiplayer Rockstars ability to create working multiplayer systems is very amateurish. I tolerated the bad net code and awful connect logics, just because the content of the game was awesome. With the free dlc updates, it could be even better, could be.Recently the amount of cheaters online makes it downright unplayable. Be warned, they do not cheat to get money or items, they use whatever they can to ruin YOUR online session. Rockstar has clearly shown what the companys view is on the subject of this trolling. They dont care. As long as they still make money, its all fine.Next time Rockstar publishes a game, its your turn to show how much you care.If you do buy this game. Make sure you have friends who play it, and never ever stay in open sessions longer than you have to. Use private sessions and play coop with your friends."
,Not Recommended,271590,32433968,Posted: 15 June,all,The Stranger,"Screwing over OpenIV after you areokaywith modding?♥♥♥♥ you, Take Two.Not gonna support your catshit anymore."
76561198068910616,Not Recommended,271590,32533677,Posted: 18 June,all,Zetienno,"Much disappointment, from now on i'll stop buying your games TakeTwo."
76561198054721798,Not Recommended,271590,32621181,Posted: 21 June,all,The Judgment,"- shark cards- they haven't updated singleplayer so you can't get the new vehicles or any content from multiplayer in singleplayer (because sharkcards are more profitable)- THEY BASICALLY BANNED SINGLEPLAYER MODS- no single player dlc like the ""episodes from liberty city"" we got with gta 4Honestly I don't know who should catch the majority of the blame for this, rockstar or take two (the publisher). Let me know if I have any of this information wrong"
76561198088650680,Not Recommended,271590,32495294,Posted: 16 June,all,[1D-81] ♛Lt. Greg♛,Once again the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at Rockstar decided that if they can't monetize every single aspect of the game then they will just burn everything else to the ground. Funny thing is modding has actually made people stick to GTA otherwise most people would have forgotten about it now. Good to see how Rockstar only cares about money not the creative endeavours of it's community to better and expand the game and add greater depth to the game as well.
76561198202640780,Not Recommended,271590,17380333,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,killer-miller98,"Game is great except hackers run rampant, servers implode, and you pulled a really sly move on the summer sale. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,23627539,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,abab,"The online mode is absolute garbage and now they are banning people at random, dont waste your money if you expect good online play."
,Not Recommended,271590,16343481,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Trentsta - australianliferp.com,"I Had got GTA V as a gift from a friend. I had then played for about 2-3 days, after that GTA V was randomly removed from my possesion on steam saying i had to buy it!! i had fun in the 2-3 days i had but if my game is going to be removed from me i have to not recommend this game. I have also submitted a steam ticket over a week ago and i still have not got a reply from steam support!~trenr"
76561198095888912,Not Recommended,271590,32467277,Posted: 16 June,all,Rongdisk,"Good work take two, I bet killing mods will sky rocket your profits!"
76561198028277815,Not Recommended,271590,32492457,Posted: 16 June,all,=AC3=Lhotse5,Take-Two are greedy b@st@rds ! Rockstar will see what a mistake banning OpenIV is when I DON'T buy GTA VI !
76561198017743569,Not Recommended,271590,32608351,Posted: 20 June,all,GhostriderRyan,"Take two, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32523956,Posted: 17 June,all,z1ng of infinite sadness,Mods :*(
,Not Recommended,271590,32655858,Posted: 22 June,all,OuttaMyRicefield,No modding in single player? Good to ♥♥♥♥ around in gta online with friends
,Not Recommended,271590,32514765,Posted: 17 June,all,ok,Why. Why did you do this Take Two? ye♥♥♥♥♥♥bags
,Not Recommended,271590,32496287,Posted: 17 June,all,RoyHobbs,Please allow mods
76561198022730169,Not Recommended,271590,32625050,Posted: 21 June,all,DMG | Alexc,"I'm leaving a negative review because TakeTwo sent a Cease and Desist to the OpenIV team. OpenIV is a modding software that helps enables a MASSIVE ammount of mods for Gta V and Gta IV. Basically modding is ""illegal"" so I am leaving this negative review. The game is okay, but this ""No Modding Policy"" is ridiculous and I will not stand for it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32632233,Posted: 21 June,all,Zodius,"Can't believe you shut down the mods... It just made the gameTHATmuch better.But no, you just want us to spend money on multiplayer because being a no. 4 top seller is not enough"
,Not Recommended,271590,32513032,Posted: 17 June,all,mcrae02,"Not recommended, no more mods :(Take 2 and their greedy tactics."
76561198176678331,Not Recommended,271590,32667377,Posted: 22 June,all,ImperialMirror,"Modding wasn't an issue with the other GTA games. Maybe if Rockstar had a better team they could have pervented the cheaters/hackers with GTA Online.With them putting an end to modding for GTA5, I have no reason to play it. Modding kept the game alive for me. GTA 5 was ""WAS"" a great game... but now its not worth anyones time. This is all about money and Take 2 wasnt making any off the mods. They have declared that modding is illegal and with that I have uninstalled OpenIV and GTA5. For those who are still playing or new players to GTA5, I hope you can find some entertainment still left in GTA5."
,Not Recommended,271590,32532332,Posted: 18 June,all,ShinDig Central,Don't mind me. I'm just hopping onto the bandwagon. I hope RDR2 comes to PC but comes at launch as opposed to re-releasing the same ♥♥♥♥ing game a year later.
,Not Recommended,271590,32553105,Posted: 18 June,all,scoops,I gotta♥♥♥♥♥♥like a hockey puck.ALL GIRTH
,Not Recommended,271590,16361110,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,St0neMason,Great game and I would recommend it but the shady trick they pulled for the summer sales is definetely a thumbs down!
,Not Recommended,271590,16365396,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Papa Gnomu,"Way to change the price right before a summer sale, R*. Way to♥♥♥♥♥♥on your customers!"
76561198080051673,Not Recommended,271590,32664122,Posted: 22 June,all,ajm-,♥♥♥♥ take two
,Not Recommended,271590,32641836,Posted: 22 June,all,Chicks High Mode 🐤,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.EDIT: Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
,Not Recommended,271590,32619922,Posted: 21 June,all,SmashingEmeraldz,The fact that they banned mods on this game is unacceptable. I would understand not wanting mods online but they targed single player only mods as well because they want you to go online and pay money for the cool stuff.SpecsProcessor: Intel i7 6700HQ Quad core @2.6GhzGraphics Card: Notebook GTX1060 with 6GB VRAMRAM: 16GB DDR4
76561198039443533,Not Recommended,271590,20604127,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Shimas - [ITG],"Single player very fun and ejoyable but Online just got really bad with 80% of all players cheating, money gliching, teleporting and blowing the whole server in 1 second. Only for that reason theres a ""No"". Rock Star is such a good company, but they really let theyr hands down on theyr antihack system. They would better sign up for Vac Ban system and game would be 100 times more enoyable while playing online. I used to love online but now you just log in and get killed by some script kidie that downloaded cheats and is triger happy. Full internet of GTA V cheats and developers need to address this isue ASAP."
,Not Recommended,271590,32543431,Posted: 18 June,all,Lewis Kazovsky,"1.Disbalanced online with Pay2Win politics2.Laggy servers.3.No chances of any promotion in online without buying Shark Cards.4.Offensive community.5.Random bans for no reason6.Boring singleplayer7.Very simplified mechanics compared to GTAIV8.Always Broken anti-cheat system (hackers appearing in about 3 days after major update)And the main reason of course:9.Destroyed possibility of modding for single player even for simple graphic enhancements (R.I.P OpenIV and ""thank you"" Take Two)Conclusion: Do not buy this game, if you don't have an endless wallet, which could feed developer's money appetite."
76561198085735787,Not Recommended,271590,32694308,Posted: 23 June,all,nheptane,"This game was actually abandoned by the developer and turned into a CASH FARMING scam. They threaten harmless SP modding so they can bleed more money out of their customers with tiny ONLINE ONLY updates designed only to generate more microtransactions. They don't care about their customers, the publisher only sees us as ""wood to be chopped""."
76561198128490192,Recommended,271590,15809663,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Andy_YT,Very Nice!
76561198096000584,Not Recommended,271590,32622545,Posted: 21 June,all,Storm,lmao take away mods ♥♥♥♥ off
,Not Recommended,271590,32595647,Posted: 20 June,all,Pleb Commander,"Unfortunately, once again, we're seeing a game company shoot themselves in the foot. Modding kept this game alive, kept people coming to this game."
76561198169516422,Not Recommended,271590,32483580,Posted: 16 June,all,Ultimate Niggastroyer 3000 MK.IV,"We can't even mod in single-player, thanks for taking away my fun"
76561198079788145,Not Recommended,271590,32421174,Posted: 14 June,all,MILK,Take two ♥♥♥♥ed up with making mods illegal on GTA dont buy
76561198041765642,Not Recommended,271590,32422700,Posted: 14 June,all,Len Kagamine,"Take2 Just issued a Cease and Desist to the devs of OpenIV. Effectively killing a good portion of modding for singleplayer.The game itself is good, but with the lack of support (Rockstar's online support is less useful than a screen door on a submarine, as their support is automated and will delete topics with certain keywords, and you will not get anywhere with it), always online DRM, and terrible online make this a game to pass on unless you can get it for less than five bucks or so. Actually saying that the online is terrible would be an understatement. The so called ""anti-cheat"" is by far the worst I have ever seen, and you will almost never enter a lobby without a cheater. The online forces you to buy the ""shark"" cards unless you are willing to play non-stop for weeks on end to buy a single vehicle. The online missions are nigh identical to each other with a few minor variations. The heists... are... existant. They are awfully designed and aren't fun. They punish you massively for failure and give you a pittance for success. They seem like something that a single dev did overnight in a rush rather than something to hype up players for years with.TL;DR: Take2 and Rockstar are horrid companies. No support is offered for the game, and the online sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Singleplayer modding for this game is dead and Take2 killed it. The core game is good, but everything else is awful. It's like an apple someone♥♥♥♥♥♥on, the apple itself is fine, but do you really want it now?"
76561198101875311,Not Recommended,271590,32420549,Posted: 14 June,all,TheMaster,Modding isn't even allowed in story mode!!Now its like this on every Take Two gamesdisinstalling right now
76561198066097812,Not Recommended,271590,32555072,Posted: 18 June,all,Mizz-Swagnificent,"Gta V is not as enjoyable as previous ones. Modding made it fun after completing the story. I'm not a fan of GTAO, so no OpenIV, no more single-player fun for me.Can't recommend at the moment unless you enjoy engaging jerks/hacks online."
,Not Recommended,271590,32558251,Posted: 18 June,all,WalrusCentral²,Removed mod support.
,Not Recommended,271590,32526959,Posted: 17 June,all,LunickDrago,"Unfortunatly, I can't recommend this game.Not for the Subtraction of mod support. I never used those anyway.Not for the microtransactions, everything can be unlocked eventually so you don't ""have"" to use them, they just make it a lot easier.But the clear lack of any form of support that take two has shown this game in general, whether through customer support, or through rockstar's social club.You can wait for days afters submitting a ticket for a response of, ""Oh we can't do anything.""You can get banned for being in the same lobby as a cheater.Single player was abandoned almost instantly.I just can't support this game. I've stopped playing it so much in recent months. But this has forced me to quit flat out.Sorry GTAV, you had promise. But your dad took you out in the field and shot you before you could reach your full potential."
76561197965357843,Not Recommended,271590,22667536,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[BSM]Sgt_Skunkmiester,"Dogshit loading times have ruined this game, it is very dificult to get online now. The developers ruined the early release by allowing hackers on their servers and now they don't support the online game.More money wasted on overratted games."
,Not Recommended,271590,15678374,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,๖ŽΣŖǾ,Loading/Mod Banning Simulator 2015. 10/10 would not play again.
,Recommended,271590,15346774,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Shadow,Grove Street. Home. Least it was until GTA 5 got released on PC.
76561198046177174,Not Recommended,271590,15590375,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Loki,"Paid 40 pounds for a broken social club launcher with an infinite loading screen. Tried submitting a ticket but was only replied with literally ""have you fixed the problem on your own yet""8 days later and i have to say, i don't think 40 pounds is worth it, i mean the broken social club launcher is great and all, but 40 pounds is a bit steep."
76561198062078138,Not Recommended,271590,32546623,Posted: 18 June,all,metalheadgaz,Mods rule!! Am done with Take two interactive games!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32573987,Posted: 19 June,all,Sweet Potatoes,"Im joining the♥♥♥♥♥♥on WaggonReason #1 : Took 8 million away from me :{Reason #2: How can I feed my family on 20,000 Dollars, thats barley minimum wageReason #3: How can I afford an enducation on 20,000 Dollars? Im already lmmited on my spelling"
,Not Recommended,271590,32551051,Posted: 18 June,all,Azure!,T2I are money ♥♥♥♥♥s who will do anything it takes to make some extra money. Even if that means removing certain communities. AKA the modding community.
76561198117828013,Not Recommended,271590,32567570,Posted: 19 June,all,Fierce,I would rather have hackers than no mods!
,Not Recommended,271590,16341226,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Truth [Sniper],"Game's great, but Rockstar jewed out during the Steam Summer Sale. So enjoy this mark on your game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32563811,Posted: 19 June,all,Pure Fox,"Thanks Take two, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself"
76561198051422212,Not Recommended,271590,32668880,Posted: 23 June,all,The Wambat,"GTA V is fun and playing with other people online was fun but now, now it seems like nothing but tedious work... So much of the game content is locked away at the cost of in-game money. The game is not fun when the only thing to do is grind endless jobs for money. Of course you can skip the boring grind fest by buying ""Shark Cards"" with real world money but who wants to spend $100+ on top of the $60 price tag just to get the good content? In the past this could be solved with the aid of friendly modders who could rain money from the sky, a litteral blessing from above, but now at the hand of Rockstar and their publisher Take Two, modders are no more, the game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥grind fest, and all this for the sake of filthy greed. Screw these guys!"
76561198061159031,Not Recommended,271590,32578366,Posted: 19 June,all,iiBetrayforAR,"Super dissapointing game, had so much potential. Nothing to do, like how have I wasted 250 hours on this game ♥♥♥♥ing around?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32421256,Posted: 14 June,all,raschel2010,take two sent a cease and desist letter to stop modding
76561197979279861,Not Recommended,271590,34582842,Posted: 29 August,all,Spartaaaa!!!!!!!,"Well GTA, this review is actually more about GTA-Online and not about the whole game, because I havent really played the SP. I've owned this game for quite a while now and enjoyed it frequently but the recent events made me change my mind somehow and so I decided to turn one of my forum posts into this review. That post was refering to the fact/topic that Rockstar seems to be unable to control their automated systems which are responsible for clearing ilegitimately aquired money out of the games economy.Well same happened to me, but with a ridiculous amount of money compared to what others players have. I wanted to purchase a bunker since the moment that DLC went live. Because i don't have any real means of making bigger amounts of money besides an MC,  I grinded for hours over the past few weeks and I wasn't even at the 1,4 Million that i needed for the bunker. I logged in last Saturday and wanted to grind the rest of it just to be confronted with the message in the loading screen that my account was ""Adjusted"" with -602000$.I never cheated, anywhere and didn't even think of it. Why should I even, playing a game and cheating seems like an utterly useless waste of time. I also always avoided most public lobbies because i knew of the danger of getting modded against your will. And simply getting exploded in your favorite car all the time by bored twelve year olds doesn't really fit my definition of relaxation over a game after a hard day at work anyway. So I spent the biggest amount of time in private lobbies or with friends in very empty public lobbies. Because i enjoy the classic way of GTA: Running around, blowing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up and having fun with your friends instead of screwing other people over to enlarge my e-peen/statboard.All of the stuff i own was scraped together from the few sources of income i have. My stats checkout in every regard (around 13k of shared money due to the fact that i robbed a few stores with friendes and we split the amount afterwards more than 2 years ago). The amount of money i got and the amount of money i spent are also nearly identical.But still, all of that didn't help to be treatet in a fair way, they just took more than half of what I had away from me. I opened a ticket, and got the standard response and it seems like that will be the last thing i heard from the so called ""support"", they also didn't specify what I did wrong. Well dear support, do you even realize what that word means? Because it doesn't seem so, basically you don't deserve to earn any money for your work, because you are technically not working. Yes i realize that in the modern world screwing people over is also considered work, so maybe I am just wrong or too old fashioned.Or maybe I am just wrong because i thought that i was supposed to play the game to earn money. But it seems instead that cheating and griefing is the way to success.But i won't do that, instead i will just refrain from supporting an apparently broken system and will spend my free time in games which are actually thanking me for spending my time with them instead of punishing me for it.But hey, i played well over 250 hours and i had fun in that time, i spent 59 Euro on the game so that amounts to around 0,2 Euro per hour, thats much cheaper than other ways of entertainment. So thank you Rockstar for creating a great game that made me smile many times.But now you can shove it up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it seems that you don't care to treat your customers with respect and that i cant stand, neither in real life nor anywhere else. But hey, 60 gigabyte cost also around 10 Euro these days and that sorta amounts to what you took from me according to the prices of the Shark Cards so it seems to be fair for both of us.So i certainly can't recommend the game in its current state: It was a great experience in the first place and maybe the SP still is, but the MP and therefore the part i have seen just isn't anymore what it used to be. Because reviews are about a games current state and not the historic state there is only one way of putting it: Don't buy this game if you expect a real product with support and customer satisfaction unless useless grind and being treated like a mindless source of cash-grab is what makes you satisfied.Have a nice life everyone and thanks for reading."
76561198213337501,Not Recommended,271590,32596513,Posted: 20 June,all,OverClock-Club,The recent multiplayer content is very expensive plus you always need help from othe players to even participate and most other players will ruin your day in Gta online as far as the singleplayer Gta V Take 2 has forced modders to stop releasing their content for Gta V which is no longer recieving any more official content.
76561198314481504,Not Recommended,271590,32631368,Posted: 21 June,all,TallMidget,R.I.P. OpenIV. Uninstalled GTA from my PC. I won't buy any Take-Two edited game again if they don't fix this BS. GTA 5 SP is worthless without mods and GTA:O is only a cash vaccum.
76561198158103043,Not Recommended,271590,32631383,Posted: 21 June,all,RFJM08,R.I.P. Mods you will be missed
,Recommended,271590,22120625,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mighty Action SAGA,在这里只有敢去做危险的事情才能存活！   哪怕只有自己一个人也要存活下去！从GTA的开始 其实有些是真实的！麦可：家庭的不幸福，作为父亲的可悲，希望家庭能够快乐 而努力！（表示：只有家即是温暖有是幸福的地方）富兰克林：懂得感谢帮助自己的人，另一个结局中让麦克摔了 小富看到的麦叔摔了下去说的兴奋的话，反而是一句shit，足以证明小 富不想杀死麦哥，如果能倒转时间 小富肯定不会杀死他的恩人（表示：生活中不可以辜负对你有恩的人，或者对他们怀着一颗坏心）崔佛：说道老崔在游戏看到了都是些不文明的行为！  但是我们可以在游戏中看出 老崔一直对兄弟们的关心 （帮助麦克出狱），以及怀念当时的死去的兄弟！（这里表示名字我给忘记了 反正就是第一章里面的） 最后虽然被他踩死了，老婆也哪个了！（表示：老崔的兄弟情 我很佩服！）线上模式：我：我是一名抢劫犯 贩毒犯 劫狱犯 .................（那些可怕的事业）我是一个穿着西服，穿着大衣带着靶场眼睛的一个审判者（审判着那些肮脏的交易，审判那些贪官！）我也是一名旅行家，我喜欢开着喜欢的越野！穿越城市与山间！（风景不错！）我也是一名佣兵，经常收到邀请做事情！我都会去认真完成！（如果一次失败 那么就来两次！）我也是一名好人！ 你需要我的帮助  我随时就到！ 因为我们是一个团队，兄弟 在这里没有别人 只有我和朋友我们一起快乐  一起干事 一起审判  一起GTA5!!及时服务器在差  我也喜欢这款游戏！如果你需要 你就可以叫我的好友 一起玩耍！ steam：【左边头像】   GTA5ID：Jean-A游戏是游戏，也是一个合作的好机会！ 我也喜欢  你也喜欢  我们的快乐时光是无限的！这是我第一个写的最多的评测！愿大家有一个好的游戏时光！期待GTA6！
76561197973388273,Not Recommended,271590,32554092,Posted: 18 June,all,Segregatethelazyeyed,Console exclusive for a year. Garbage.  I hope this is the end of their gravy train.
,Not Recommended,271590,32560661,Posted: 19 June,all,Depressed Cow,"Okay, it's about time to make a review..With the recent OpenIV shut down, I don't see this game going anywhere good anytime soon.Overall, they've ♥♥♥♥ed their own game up when in the beginning it was literally perfect. How the ♥♥♥♥ can you do that???I loved OpenIV, being able to mess around with wacky vehicles and change peds into buzz lightyear, but now they seem to think that it ruined their ""perfect online experience""...Online has been ruined too... Too many modders running around dropping millions onto unsuspecting players, that then gets that player banned, but the modder roams unscathed... Please T2, fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game.. It's amazing to have fun with friends in online, but with all the new updates, like patching the ALT+ENTER solo pub glitch, and blocking online ports for solo pubs now having new ports assigned so we can't do it, shows how much you want to ♥♥♥♥ us over and how little respect you have. It was the only way to consistently do the missions and play the dlc YOU made for US.If you don't fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ expect less than 2% of the current playerbase to EVER consider buying another product from you again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32526946,Posted: 17 June,all,UltraROX,"DON`T F**K WITH THE F**KIN MODS. Why they made this i don`t know, but they managed to remove the fun from the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32028236,Posted: 28 May,all,Nicht Daniel,If you ban modding you don't deserve a positive review
,Not Recommended,271590,15677997,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tweet,"How has Rockstar not learned that installing mods is what let gta 4 live for so long.... This is completley unaccepatable, we should be allowed to mod..... Banned for a FOV adjuster? Good god, rockstar is a bad company."
,Not Recommended,271590,15679346,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pippins Pickles,"Bans for minor visual mods, or even mods in singleplayer."
,Recommended,271590,15425779,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TheRealSynysterGates,*About to go to sleep**Lets just do one more heist/ job and then got to sleep*....*Completes job/heists**how bout one more time**completes job/heists**maybe i can do one last one...**cycle continues*♥♥♥♥♥♥its 7am... 11/10
,Not Recommended,271590,15614061,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,waddawa,Online is♥♥♥♥♥♥and goes down easily. Singleplayer very boring.PC Optimizing is not well-made.3/10 Dont buy if you want to save 60€
,Not Recommended,271590,32562661,Posted: 19 June,all,Hammer Morty,Negative review for the same reason as everyone else... Take2 screwed over their customers by sending that cease and desist letter to openIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32655799,Posted: 22 June,all,HelloKitty,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys."
76561198140016087,Not Recommended,271590,32630610,Posted: 21 June,all,Ster9999,♥♥♥♥ Take Two
76561197985938422,Not Recommended,271590,32603913,Posted: 20 June,all,No name,I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,271590,32609198,Posted: 20 June,all,That Guy,BOOOO
,Not Recommended,271590,32502526,Posted: 17 June,all,Bob Lee Swagger,bruhbruhbruhbruhbruhbruhbruhbruhbruh
,Not Recommended,271590,32623770,Posted: 21 June,all,DmR<3 UPTEMPO,The game is good......♥♥♥♥ take2 tho
,Not Recommended,271590,32535316,Posted: 18 June,all,Porridge,Can't even use a widescreen fixer for 21:9 without being bannedy tho
76561198088557374,Not Recommended,271590,29583626,Posted: 30 January,all,Goatalypse,"Do not buy game. Atleast DO NOT BUY SHARK CARDS!!! they will just ban you for no reason, and reset youre character.Customer servise is not going even tell any reason for youre ban."
,Not Recommended,271590,32632241,Posted: 21 June,all,Adonis88,"I'm with you, modding community."
,Not Recommended,271590,32520641,Posted: 17 June,all,94jaked,"I'd rather play TF2, this game blows."
,Not Recommended,271590,22781601,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Phean,Way to many moddersIf you register as a VIP you are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tree of every modder in that session you are playing .
,Not Recommended,271590,15656005,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fruit Valley,Game is absolutely fantastic.Would be my favourite game... If it supported mods. Users that have mods installed are being banned from Grand Theft Auto: Online and no public statement regarding the future of mods has been given.Review will change once mod support is added.
,Not Recommended,271590,21710575,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TheSickone,"Long story short, singleplayer and the franchise has it's reputation for a reason, BUT thanks to Take Two Studios for starting a lawsuit on community modder NTAuthority if he doesn't end the development of alternative multiplayer...   Now we are stuck with your absolute garbage hacker-filled online mode. Not to mention lack of dedicated servers and current p2p system makes this said online mode a timeout simulator and afk loading screen clicker game.... GJ! a company with such revenue shouldn't be able to release such a broken garbage. I honestly spent at least 200 hours on loading screen out of my 800+... Milk the cow! oh wait u couldnt who buys ur shark cash cards? Indeed, if we set aside the technical brain♥♥♥♥, and idiotic policies, even online could be helluva fun."
76561198306379532,Not Recommended,271590,32584685,Posted: 19 June,all,NoseyBonk,supposedly saving the online players by removing single player mods...... good job take two
76561198084798101,Not Recommended,271590,32664088,Posted: 22 June,all,☆ツⓅatTheⓅinguinツ☆,no mods?  *refunds*
,Not Recommended,271590,16355144,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,alebarbar,Rockstar turned to greed.
,Not Recommended,271590,32536798,Posted: 18 June,all,Camac93,Absolutely ridiculous decision by Take Two. NOT RECOMMENDED.
,Not Recommended,271590,32660673,Posted: 22 June,all,the ting go skraaaaaaa,Taking away the fun from the game? Great WORK Take Two! Never going to play this anymore unless the situation reverted!
76561198307980711,Not Recommended,271590,32596554,Posted: 20 June,all,C_Z@R 720,"The game is fine, but the fact that they take of the only way we have to make the solo mod more fun , by modding it, is just so wrong.If at least they 'd  put even half the stuff and vehicule they are droppin on the online, the game could be nice , but no, ""♥♥♥♥ the solo mode, we can't sell Shark card there , so why would we ....""If you dont want people to mod it, just remember they are still people who want some solo stuff !You are crooks, just as the characters of this game."
76561198034529310,Not Recommended,271590,17756202,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Krowbar200801,A great game which is let down by an up and down port. Ever since the IGG update many users have reported unplayable stuttering which seems to have fallen on deaf ears from the developer as no patch ever came. Its obviously a great game but i cant recommend in its current form.
76561197977411753,Not Recommended,271590,32657619,Posted: 22 June,all,Vintageiron,"GTA V was once one of my favorite games for singleplayer.  Why?  Because of the ability to add some really awesome real world cars that other games neglected with openIV.  Rat Rods, Hot Rods, Unique cars.  Honestly I want to point out to take 2 how all the sudden GTA V's reviews are rock bottom.  My feelings go out to openIV team, the modders who made some incredible vehicles, and the scripters who added immersion to the game.*update* I have heard rockstar has spoken to the lead of openIV and that they may release an update.  So if they do in fact support the singleplayer modding community and prove to the community that they are on the side of the ""good"" modders this review will be changed and all will be forgotten.  As of now I still want to see what happens."
,Not Recommended,271590,32563745,Posted: 19 June,all,sp00ky chun,Take Two (The company that owns Rockstar Games) is banning Open IV which inturn will destroy the entire modding scene for this game. They are doing this for profit. I used to recomend this game but its honestly not worth the money anymore!
,Not Recommended,271590,32674264,Posted: 23 June,all,C0MpLeX,This game was perfect.................then mods where banned
76561198064855447,Not Recommended,271590,35293733,Posted: 29 September,all,地獄の剣,"GTA Online was fun, farming and buying cool new items released quite frequently.... Until 1 day Rockstar decided that u have too much money and tempo banned and ""corrected"" all your hard work in 1 day. Have never hacked or glitched nor received any money from modders and this is how i was rewarded. Great job Rockstar!Single player is great but online is♥♥♥♥♥♥so only play online if u are prepared to lose ur progress anytime."
,Not Recommended,271590,32419698,Posted: 14 June,all,Tails8521,"Take Two is taking legal action against the modding community, please don't support these practices, also don't play multiplayer, it's full of pay2win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and cheaters.AND MOST IMPORTANTLY DON'T BUY SHARK CARDS, buying them means supporting their cancerous pay2win vision of what they want this series to become. Seriously, people buying them are the reason we haven't got any official new content for the single player version of the game, ♥♥♥♥ them."
,Not Recommended,271590,32528850,Posted: 18 June,all,Patrón,https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3
,Not Recommended,271590,32423884,Posted: 14 June,all,lakes,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198007906521,Not Recommended,271590,32595709,Posted: 20 June,all,attituchuck,I like gta...was great with all the mods. in otherwords ♥♥♥♥ you TAKE-TWO!http://www.pcgamer.com/20000-sign-openiv-petition-as-gta-5-is-hammered-with-negative-steam-reviews/
76561198321134615,Not Recommended,271590,32482083,Posted: 16 June,all,SardonicSteve123,"Rockstar doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the single player mode anymore, and now Take-Two has essentially made it so that nobody else will (or can). No mods, no fun. Vote with your wallet."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420537,Posted: 14 June,all,Cinex,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the anti modding policys"
,Not Recommended,271590,32513023,Posted: 17 June,all,Guten tag,gets permaband after 30 day susepison Rockstar logic plus open IV
,Not Recommended,271590,32560728,Posted: 19 June,all,reject217,"Honestly? Pay to get the best stuff is not for me. Neither is grinding for cash during my busy life. My interest in the game is waning. Not to mention, I already bought the game twice. If you got the cash to spend, go for it. If not, waste your time somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,271590,15616451,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,lastie,GTAV has stopped working....
76561198379710464,Not Recommended,271590,32546628,Posted: 18 June,all,ctscarbrow,"Take Two, the owners have restricted community interests. Great game if you have never played it before but buy it on PS4 or xbox."
,Not Recommended,271590,16340380,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nerevar,"Rockstar continues its anti-consumer practices with unethical (and illegal!) price change to create a false sale. They also included in-game cash DLC that's activated upon purchase to prevent people from using Steam's new refund system.♥♥♥♥ Rockstar and ♥♥♥♥ this game.Edit: Game is also PLAGUED TO HELL with modders online, who can blow you up, crash your game, and spawn whatever they want in. I also have the dreaded 'infinite loading screen' bug, which there appears to be no fix for. Rockstar Support just ignores me. Ridiculous."
76561198288334057,Not Recommended,271590,32532320,Posted: 18 June,all,rami1995,"i will no longer be supporting rockstar games and take-two interactive because of what they're doing with the online and the modding community, i will support openiv's team and i don't recommend buying this game"
76561198216151960,Not Recommended,271590,24473134,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,FoxTrot,"Well had the game now for about 12-16 hours. Ive been playing it alot on story mode. Then i told my brother I am a better gta driver than him. So i open up my game and start online. Unfortunatly I got banned withing about 30 minutes of playing. Reason:Issue TypeCheat/Exploit Report or Banning IssueAre you able to play the game?—Activation Code—Please Enter your Mobile Device Model:—Cheat/Ban Issue TypeAppealing a BanI read this then go to the reply and say:Dear Gta 5,I would like a well done explanation of why I was banned. From what i can recall I started as normal on the streets, stole a car and then drove recklessly down the highway for a long while. Switched between cars a little. Then decided to rob 2 convenience stores. I then proceeded to swim to remove stars. I then went on a hiking trail mugging civilians as I went. On normal Gta 5 I have one mod properly installed. as far as I know that mod doesn't work online. I do know for a fact that I was NOT using said mod online even if I could.I have no idea why I would have gotten banned. Perhaps there has been a mix up or something. please revoke my ban.Thank you, Mr.Brightside42And the response I get is:Hello Mr.Brightside42,Thank you for contacting Rockstar Support. GTA Online bans are triggered by a number of factors, including modding in GTA Online, exploiting or abusing game mechanics, manipulating protected game data and code, or otherwise interfering with other players’ gameplay experience. If you are banned from GTA Online, your ban expiration date is show in the lower-left corner after being returned to Story Mode following an attempt to play online.We generally do not overturn temporary bans nor can we guarantee individual responses to any temporary or permanent ban appeals; however, we will review any evidence you submitted and take it into consideration. No further information is required from you at this time, and this ticket will close on its own.Best regards,Rockstar SupportAnd all i have to say to this is that, well, this system is corrupt if I can get banned for doing litterally nothing. I am extremly mad at the help desk for this abomination of a response. I love the game for story mode, and was really looking forward to the online mode with my brother but the game thought otherwise. I believe that the reasoning behind my ban was that someone else going by the name Mr. Brightside was in fact modding and due to a mix-up I got banned. As unfortunate as this was for me, my ban is only temporary and ends september, 2 2016.I would say that you should totally get this game for its story but dont waste your time with online till all of these, pardon but, 'bull crap', glitches are fixed. I am exited to see what the online is like without modders ruining the game.""Best regards""~Mr. Brightside42"
,Not Recommended,271590,32424685,Posted: 14 June,all,TheBigMac,"Disgraceful that they have issued a cease and desist to the absolutely vital openiv mod which essentially everyone requires to mod GTA V. As the publisher in question wasn't making enough money from the 4th best selling game of all time and forcefully pushing people into GTA online content by blocking off access to vehicles for single player etc. (I have purchased this game 3 times on 3 separate platforms), they have decided to further alienate its huge PC modding playerbase just to squeeze out a few extra dollars from the ridiculous fee to play cash card system. Absolute disgrace to your modding community and PC player base take two, you ought to be ashamed. Especially take two CEO, Strauss Zelnick, who only two weeks ago at an investors conference was talking about how he could take more money from our pockets without us realising. Disgusting."
,Not Recommended,271590,32660553,Posted: 22 June,all,KrayzieStiles,"Killed modding, killed the game. RIP"
76561198005726016,Not Recommended,271590,32526021,Posted: 17 June,all,Ice,"""You can't give stuff away for free in perpetuity; there's no business model in that,"" Strauss Zelnick on Open-IV"
,Not Recommended,271590,32623777,Posted: 21 June,all,Hidude,♥♥♥♥ take-tow
76561197996877067,Not Recommended,271590,17967059,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Terexzes,"Recommend the single player but would not recommend playing online. If you're looking for a good online game then you are not in the right place.This online experience has alot to offer and a great potential, but after that many years rockstar still didnt make it to work  normally.If you're playing with your friends then you're good to go, you will be able to do the heists like a normal person.If you don't have friends that own the game this is what you're going to experince playing online :Heists - you will barely be able to do them, why ?! because 95% of the players will disconnect while you play because they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you.Out of the so many hours I was playing gta online, I promise you guys that 75% of the time I was waiting in lobbies for players to connect, for leaders to press ""START"" or just waiting for the messiah to give me normal people to play with.YEAH FREAKING 75% OF MY TIME PLAYING THIS GAME WAS IN LOBBIES WAITING FOR SOMETHING TO HAPPEN !!!!!NO WAY YOU CAN DO THE HEISTS CHALLANGE WITHOUT GOOD BUDDIES AND NORMAL PEOPLE WITH BRAINS."
76561198040715812,Not Recommended,271590,32423150,Posted: 14 June,all,Cowbot93,Rip modding
76561198089330859,Not Recommended,271590,32573976,Posted: 19 June,all,Seanbhoy192,"Killing single-player mods? Alienating your most loyal fans who have been keeping your games alive for years? Really, Take-Two? Man, you must be getting sick of raking in billions. I mean, I'm not a big modding guy, I prefer to play games as is if I can, and even I see how dumb this is. So, on principle, you get an extended middle finger from me, Take-Two. GTA Online ain't gonna last forever, lads; single-player modding would have kept this game going long after the online playerbase started dwindling and the Shark Card money slowed to a steady drip."
,Not Recommended,271590,32553069,Posted: 18 June,all,Big Don #SaveJournalism,Taketwo screwed over OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32577372,Posted: 19 June,all,Azure,Why.Take-Two has proven that they care a ♥♥♥♥ of a lot more about money than the experiences that their playerbase can have.
,Not Recommended,271590,32630584,Posted: 21 June,all,Door,Removing mods? Thats the only reason people played singleplayer. Very few if any multiplayer mods are affected by the takedown of OpenIV. OpenIV is solely singleplayer based and by taking it down TT has done nothing but ruin singleplayer. TT is just a bunch of idiots wanting money but not realizing how that money comes in and works.
76561198080594717,Not Recommended,271590,32610054,Posted: 20 June,all,Not JoHo,"I played 300 hours of this game, like 4 of those are online.  The mods are the only thing actually worth using in this game. ♥♥♥♥ take-two.Edit:So now that the OpenIV fiasco has subsided, still ♥♥♥♥ this game. I played singleplayer for 300 ♥♥♥♥ing hours and playing online is a goddamn mess. Beware new players, just don't play this online.Unless you're willing to shell out another hundred bucks for a goddamn virtual car."
,Not Recommended,271590,32603904,Posted: 20 June,all,Darketh Dylanger,"I think a big issue is people hear the term ""mod"" or ""modding"" or ""modders"" and instanstly relate it to hackers they see online, I wish hackers online would stop using the term modding because it's confusing the hell out of people that don't know much about it to the point where they just want nothing to do with it. Meanwhile people enjoying a single player game are being labeled as cheaters. There is a huge difference here but I don't expect anyone to care enough to try and understand.Kind of mind blowing how so many people seem to think banning single player mods is going to change the online portion of the game. Hackers are still very much alive in the online part of this game. Just no more single player mods..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32686901,Posted: 23 June,all,RedBoyke,boycot take two in effect.the reason because they add nothing for the singleplayerand push people to play multiplayer and buying their so fun shark cards that are a BARGAIN! <sarcasm>because singleplayer does not generate shark cards they have now decided to ban modsmods is what made GTA a success.take two is going the EA route thinking about the cash and not about the players.
76561198054588269,Not Recommended,271590,32668853,Posted: 23 June,all,AllEyezOnMe29,Taking away modding from GTA on the PC hurts the PC GTA community.Sign the petition to bring it back:https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,18980660,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,OOSA,While this game was good... The choices/actions of the developer with regard to modding and the community in general have lead me to decide that Rockstar will no longer be a company I purchase games from.
76561198014587331,Not Recommended,271590,32566230,Posted: 19 June,all,Tohoufu,Dont support these muppets.
,Not Recommended,271590,32564954,Posted: 19 June,all,Chakmania,Once again a huge step down. This is unacceptable in my opinion. Banning mods which are for hacking only is ok but trying to destroy the great modding community in gta is just a very bad move.
,Not Recommended,271590,32696252,Posted: 23 June,all,The Bogcat,"no modding, no gta"
,Recommended,271590,15414367,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Diehl,It has been out for 4 days...I have already wasted my life10/10 -IGN
76561198074362895,Recommended,271590,15396130,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Good old Legbone,"This very well could be the best game ever made. I'm surprised to see a ""mostly positive"" rating, as I can't imagine anyone giving this game a negitive rating. Unless they are one of the poor sod's that have the windows install issue.To me the game plays like a movie that I am part of. It's funny and exciting, and at the same time very challenging....It's the total package!I must note that I have the game for ps4 and the pc version is vastly superior in every way."
,Not Recommended,271590,16367408,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ДДº Joe Camel,"so rockstar/steam way to go! the sale, if you can call it that sucked bad enough, but then you go and dont deliver everything paid for, well thats just low. wheres my great white shark cash card you ♥♥♥♥ers"
,Not Recommended,271590,32467279,Posted: 16 June,all,jhonbidon,Great game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ distributor (take-two)
,Not Recommended,271590,32626197,Posted: 21 June,all,Dominar Rygel XVI,"I'll add my voice to the thousands of others who are seriously dismayed at Take-Two's decision to go after modders. As a longtime fan of GTA it's disappointing to see part of a fantastic gaming community be torn apart because of the greed of a publishing company who just wants an extra buck from their multiplayer endeavors. I was willing to forgive Rockstar/Take-Two for abandoning single player DLC (which they pretty much promised in the early days of the game) in favor of developing multiplayer, but this is one step too far. If you aren't going to give us single player DLC, we should at least be able to mod the game to improve the base game. I did not purchase this game for a grindy multiplayer mode ridden with technical issues and an awful community of players, I purchased it for the incredibly well-written single player campaign that was completely neglected after release."
76561197970360252,Not Recommended,271590,32546619,Posted: 18 June,all,PINGAS,Got to agree with the negative modding reviews. Bad R* and Take2
76561198170626331,Not Recommended,271590,32589435,Posted: 20 June,all,R3LENTLESS,Mods are gone for single player
76561198093428182,Not Recommended,271590,32657620,Posted: 22 June,all,Chemic,NO OPENIV NO PARTY (and no mods)
,Not Recommended,271590,32623768,Posted: 21 June,all,ラーメン ↜(╰ •ω•),"Was literally about to download mods for the first time yesterday for this game and heard that they were banned cause of Take two, the publishing company for GTA. Good job guys, enjoy your money. Go f*** yourselves."
,Recommended,271590,21932351,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Generic Username,"Great game, you know what else is a great game rockstar? Bully. make Bully 2."
,Not Recommended,271590,32583130,Posted: 19 June,all,The Manwich,"I love you Rockstar, I'm sorry you have to deal with the abusive girlfriend that is Take Two."
76561198045252882,Not Recommended,271590,34415042,Posted: 22 August,all,DΞVON,If you bought the game to play online with your old account.. DON'T! I spent tons of money on shark cards on ps4 but I cant afford membership for psplus so I bought it on PC to try and transfer but they shut down ♥♥♥♥ing transfers on march 6th
76561198127602049,Not Recommended,271590,32554099,Posted: 18 June,all,EvilKarma,weak
76561198027176109,Not Recommended,271590,32554101,Posted: 18 June,all,thedreameater,Adding to the chorus of enraged. Mods are free DLC and encourage the next generation of game designers. I've enjoyed mods since Odie's Theme Parks years and years ago.
,Not Recommended,271590,32556655,Posted: 18 June,all,Interceptor,"Great game, ruined by greed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32694359,Posted: 23 June,all,cWe | Santaliz,BRING BACK OPENIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32520630,Posted: 17 June,all,JayAre,take 2 sux
,Not Recommended,271590,32618572,Posted: 21 June,all,Some1yuno,"PAY FOR EVERYTHING!! want a new car pay for a $50 shark card just for ONE car. Take Two killed the game in one swoop, singleplayer is now dead, just like it's mulitplayer. Don't buy, wish i could get my money back."
76561198068982328,Not Recommended,271590,32658975,Posted: 22 June,all,Dovah Avali,Mods make games bettter...
,Not Recommended,271590,32449706,Posted: 15 June,all,Brandon,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Not Recommended,271590,32532316,Posted: 18 June,all,Medieval Alien Potato,Take two made a full priced PC/Consoles game and used mobile monetizing schemes. To continue profiting from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ scheme they ban single player mods. Nice!
,Not Recommended,271590,16431983,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,fukin kil me,"You'd think Rockstar would have dedicated servers or even a simple anti-cheat on their multi-million dollar release. If you want it for single player, be my guest, but online is the realm of hackers."
,Not Recommended,271590,16354934,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Cillitbang,"nice ""sale"""
,Not Recommended,271590,32499640,Posted: 17 June,all,🅱izza 🅱ime,"It was enjoyable at the start, but all the newer content they release requires massive grinding times for even the smallest things, subtly getting you to bend your knee and purchase their microtransactions.  I assume the prices for the new Gunrunning stuff (not even the militarized vehicles, simply the bases and regular vehicles) are just as outrageous."
,Not Recommended,271590,32692031,Posted: 23 June,all,Breezy LFT,BRING BACK OPENIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32607467,Posted: 20 June,all,Sausage fingers,Modding has been banned.Not buying any more of there games
,Not Recommended,271590,15822701,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Desert Fox,"Week 3totally unable to play, the social club screen begins to load then immediately crashes.Believe me, I've tried EVERYTHING (even uninstall-reinstall 2 times).Now I'm waiting for a 2nd patch, and hope my issue will be fixed...UPDATE:I am now able to play online and offline. But if you want to play online with a friend, be ready to wait like 10 min while the game is trying to connect to your friend's server."
76561198258058040,Not Recommended,271590,32467275,Posted: 16 June,all,insane_robot,It's all about money...
,Not Recommended,271590,15679248,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,JDavis,"Waited a year and a half for the PC version, but couldn't play it because the launcher would crash _every_ time. Thankfully was able to get a refund because of an unrelated problem many people were having getting the game to run (special characters in Windows username)Now I hear Rockstar is banning people from online for using mods in single player?Burn this mother down."
76561198035712382,Not Recommended,271590,15678993,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Havoc,"They will ban you if you use mods, including single player fov mods, or graphics mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,26871381,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oguloruc8,"I'm done with Rockstar. 1 month ago, some mod hacker used air strike as my name. I even nothing have mod or something actually i'm 46 level in Online. I saw 1 week ago a vile write from Rockstar. According to Rockstar, they think i'm cheating in game but i was never cheat before. They delete my 1 million dollar on my character. But my fault at part, i stay in that season. But still, Rockstar bans people unfairly and unfairly resets people characters. Mod hackers doing anything they want in game. At this time, new mod hacks have a lot of thing they can do. ''Drop player weapons'', ''Explode players'', and theANNOYINGthing mod hackers can use your name to kill people! Rockstar needs to develop himself against a trick, including games. As people say ''Didn't cheat, got banned.'' Rockstar..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32645828,Posted: 22 June,all,Crawford Biggums (Slave owner),"If it ain't broke, don't fix it. You dun ♥♥♥♥ed up now RS."
,Not Recommended,271590,32432959,Posted: 15 June,all,Davidn64,No point of playing after Take Two made modding illegal. My SSD says thank you!
76561198002484443,Not Recommended,271590,32580328,Posted: 19 June,all,porkchop sandwiches,"Cares more about banning modders than dealing with hackers in GTA Online. Good one. You've lost a customer. Don't worry, though, I've heard living off of food stamps is a laugh."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420464,Posted: 14 June,all,MeatSafeMurderer,GTA Online is a mess and now Take Two files a CnD against OpenIV? Up yours!
76561198025902738,Not Recommended,271590,32422573,Posted: 14 June,all,danstrzy,"Don't bother getting this game if you're looking for mods, unless you want to be threatened with a lawsuit."
76561198073069044,Not Recommended,271590,32421783,Posted: 14 June,all,Patton,"Only reason I own this game on PC is to mod it... USING OPENIVshove your cease and desist letter up your♥♥♥♥♥Take-Two,I hope this decision will REALLY bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥if I want to play this game without mods, I have the console version where most ofmy friends play on anyway."
,Not Recommended,271590,32571968,Posted: 19 June,all,SplizZ,Recent actions regarding mods were the worst they could have made. Thats THE difference the PC playerbase has in comparison to the console players. Definitely caused a big loss in players and supporters. Well done.
,Not Recommended,271590,34643643,Posted: 31 August,all,lynx,not cool taking away hard farmed money
,Not Recommended,271590,32423087,Posted: 14 June,all,Noodles,"Today Rockstar Games, and their publisher TakeTwo Interactive sent a cease and desist to the developers of OpenIV, a tool made for modding GTA and allowing the games to thrive years after release. So much time and effort put into the tool so that people could make the game their own and it's all gone due to the greed of Rockstar and TakeTwo."
76561198046983217,Not Recommended,271590,34631255,Posted: 31 August,all,Mihai 90,"So first of all since the new update it's really hard to make money the fair way, Before you could get up to 160k for selling a top range car, now you can roughly get 50k. It takes a long time for the mc businesses and bunker to fil up to sell, and servers are full of hackers and rockstar do nothing about it. However a friend of mine which is a legit player had 30 million taken out of his acoount because apparently it was ""hacked money"" . They keep making it harder and harder to make money to force players to buy their shark cards. Do not buy it, and for God's sake don't fill these greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s' s pockets. It's a huge waste of time"
76561198026854273,Recommended,271590,15487942,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,wabbitinspace,I dont beleive in 10/10 games but this game literally can not be any lower than that.Very engaging single player and multiplayer is always fun no matter what way you play it. You can easily play for hours without even noticing10/10 would theft auto again
,Not Recommended,271590,15666176,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mr. Meow,To many Problems on Pc and Rockstar is not fixing them
,Not Recommended,271590,32579396,Posted: 19 June,all,iTrondsen,Bought this game for single player modding but now thats taken away from this game. Last time I buy a Rockstar game
,Not Recommended,271590,16425917,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Someones Left Ear,Raised price before steam sale ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar. Ya limey♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,16341381,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Schmoo,Changed price to $79 right before summer sale.
,Not Recommended,271590,32543444,Posted: 18 June,all,pr40,♥♥♥♥ take two
,Recommended,271590,16245061,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Avi..,Bestest game ever made ''LOVE YOU ROCKSTAR''█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198294962014,Not Recommended,271590,32645857,Posted: 22 June,all,Mountain Dew Moist Nugget,"Openiv never deserved this, mabye take two need to fix♥♥♥♥♥♥and make people intrested in buying their crap before they start deleteing others work"
,Not Recommended,271590,32694193,Posted: 23 June,all,DannyB02,Removed singleplayer mods! Why? oh yeah! Greed! you money obsessed ♥♥♥♥♥s!
,Not Recommended,271590,32464299,Posted: 15 June,all,Muaath,"Take two just banned modding for this game, never support them again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32580339,Posted: 19 June,all,Shammers95,"You ban our mods, we ban your income. OpenIV <3"
76561198012762119,Not Recommended,271590,32610076,Posted: 20 June,all,j.elkuch,"The Graphics are nice and all, but the possibilities are♥♥♥♥♥♥now without mods... Its like having a jewel game but its boring as ♥♥♥♥ to play it"
,Not Recommended,271590,32535299,Posted: 18 June,all,Raw Fish,♥♥♥♥ take2 for the thing they did to modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32561624,Posted: 19 June,all,MrEpicPotato,OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,34622131,Posted: 30 August,all,DD Form 214,"Not fun, they took my HARD EARNED MONEY because they thought I was a modder. ♥♥♥♥♥, the only Mod I use is my vape."
,Not Recommended,271590,32531051,Posted: 18 June,all,Señor Steven Spielbergo,I have a feeling if you allow openIV then maybe people will have some respect
,Not Recommended,271590,32632203,Posted: 21 June,all,Mo0se,Rip modding.
76561198251683152,Not Recommended,271590,32583876,Posted: 19 June,all,SlingBlade300,"Offline singleplayer modding does not affect online cheaters, i dont even play online and now my mods that made GTA V great are broken and gone.""I used to be a modder like you, Till Take 2 F***ed me up the @$$."""
,Not Recommended,271590,32628505,Posted: 21 June,all,The Legend 27,Anti-consumer decisions must be protested. This was a terrible mistake on their part.
76561198053801046,Not Recommended,271590,32628496,Posted: 21 June,all,TheKillerNacho,Didn't even like GTA V in the first place but removing modding is literally cancerous for the PC gaming community. BOYCOTT.
,Recommended,271590,26960038,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Z 3 R Ø ™,ᴏɴᴇ ᴏғ ᴛʜᴇ ʙᴇsᴛ ɢᴀᴍᴇs ɪ'ᴠᴇ ᴇᴠᴇʀ ᴘʟᴀʏᴇᴅ
,Not Recommended,271590,28352501,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Cynder Vyrarine,"got banned recently... why? no one knows... i asked Rockstar support but they just copy and paste the same message""Your account has been permanently banned from GTA Online. All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed.For more information about our policies, please see:http://www.rockstargames.com/eulahttp://www.rockstargames.com/legalhttps://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/articles/229514247""their support is bad, the game is hacked to all hell, online is the only WORTH IT part of this game, singleplayer not that fun. What am i suppose to do? not my fault some duche spawns money on me randomly(left the session fast as i could) or that the ""report"" button is a ♥♥♥♥ing death trap. oh sorry im trying to report hackers rockstar. hope you have the worst ♥♥♥♥ing christmas! ive never even seen christmas in this game. ♥♥♥♥ YOU!https://i.imgsafe.org/098f981038.pngtheir support team"
,Not Recommended,271590,32584681,Posted: 19 June,all,Dingo,no more mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32667340,Posted: 22 June,all,Roasty McToasty,"On behalf of the modding community, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561197995274615,Not Recommended,271590,32543440,Posted: 18 June,all,Catfish Clooney,"Never witnessed a game that takes so long to load. Even when the whole game is on a SSD, it still takes forever."
,Not Recommended,271590,32668904,Posted: 23 June,all,AlphaDingus,"Like the game, bring back the mods though. There's no reason not to have them."
76561198117757320,Not Recommended,271590,32663970,Posted: 22 June,all,SpaceX,♥♥♥♥ you take two
,Not Recommended,271590,32567550,Posted: 19 June,all,[101] Jeff S.,"You have messed up, Take Two. Those who want to mod the game make up a large majority of your sales. Now you will suffer, good luck trying to pay your mortgages with the sales of your ""shark cards"" you greedy ♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,271590,32655732,Posted: 22 June,all,Angry Rainbow Big Boss,T2 needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥togethor.
,Not Recommended,271590,23407389,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gwiggle,Multiplayer very restricted to the point of no fun while being riddled with hackers.
,Not Recommended,271590,32546618,Posted: 18 June,all,Nexant,Dissappointed in the publisher's lack of clear decision making in the war on online hackers.  By sending legal threats to the makers of a single player modding application that blocks use of online mode even shows they are not even trying to comprehend what they are doing.  Heck it can even be some of the complete idiots they answering online support tickets.
76561197997504425,Not Recommended,271590,32558252,Posted: 18 June,all,lume,Not worth buying if you can't install mods.
76561198168975544,Not Recommended,271590,32555856,Posted: 18 June,all,Senor Jam Pig,"I've got more hours into this game than i care to say... and with every update, the cash grab becomes more apparent.A few years ago, a car that cost 1 million monies was ridiculous, frivolous, and only the silly would have it. With the newest update... there is a motorcycle that costs 3.5 million... and to fully unlock that vehicle's weapons etc... costs even more.I get that all of these games have a grind factor. But at a certain point, when you have to grind for hours on end, doing and redoing the same shiz, just because it pays the most (also: doing these things in a private or friends only server, not because of hackers, but because the online community has become the absolute most toxic pile of K-unts you can imagine)It just stops being fun.now, i'll also address the recent and tremendous backlash against them because of OpenIV. Yes, there were hackers. Yes, some of them were jerks, that ruined servers. But let's all be honest, they shut them down because the hackers (modders) could give you the money that meant you either a.) didn't have to grind for days on end or... the real reason, spend $50 real monies to get that motorcycle i mentioned. Yes, they want 50 dollars real money for a motorcycle."
,Not Recommended,271590,23439970,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Pinguen,If you like supporting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs who are extremely money hungry and force you to buy microtransactions if you want to own anything in the game then sure go ahead.Single Player is really good except they dont even add the new stuff from online into it which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,271590,15550817,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"My history with the Grand Theft Auto games goes all the way back to GTA2 on the PS1. That game blew me away when I first played it. I honestly thought the freedom it offered you was an illusion and that the game would spontaniously end. But it never did, and I kept playing it over and over again.Nowadays sandbox games are a dime a dozen, but Rockstar has remained top dog in the fight since the PS2. Why? Unlike Volition who make excuses as to why they couldn't provide features everyone liked, Rockstar takes risks and gives you things you never thought you wanted.GTA5 takes place in Los Santos, which was previously featured in GTA San Andreas. Los Santos by far is the most detailed single location in the entire series. The game features things like industrial ghettos, vast mountains with wilderness, and expansive oceans you can swim through and uncover secrets while dodging sharks. It lets you seamlessly switch between three protagonists who are not only just as detailed as any of the previous ones, but are also completely distinguishable from each one with individual sidequests and unique gameplay modes.GTA5 looks great, plays great, feels distinctive and most importantly took risks that paid off immensly. In a world of botched launches, underwhelming overhyped titles and a desire for a game the developers actually cared about making. GTA5 goes above and beyond the call of duty. It is hard to describe any one flaw with this game without comparing the 2000 things it does well. What other modern game can you say the same?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=432237450"
,Not Recommended,271590,32591747,Posted: 20 June,all,Jake From State Farm,they took done open iv ♥♥♥♥ you it had noting to do with online
76561198075529412,Not Recommended,271590,32741824,Posted: 24 June,all,HLBninja,Full of microtransactions and overpriced items. Some shady business practices here.
76561198258126522,Not Recommended,271590,23636580,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,3282278,Bad guy (hacker) ------ release!!Good guy (normal player)------Ban!!!  Ban!!! Ban!!!F**k U  Rstar!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32521815,Posted: 17 June,all,mav,i wanna be like the cool kids and leave a negative review
,Not Recommended,271590,32422530,Posted: 14 June,all,Lunchxbles,"gta modding has been happening since the beginning of the series, now take-two decides to shut it down? Don't buy this game, don't buy shark cards, don't feed into their wallet so they can take more things away"
,Not Recommended,271590,32559115,Posted: 19 June,all,Terri,♥♥♥♥ take two
76561198091859642,Not Recommended,271590,32624951,Posted: 21 June,all,Michael thewolf,"Really rockstar? while Bethesda and Valve give tools to make mods to their games and expand the content it can have, you do the exact opposite with grand theft auto 5.You think the online is whats going to keep people playing this game 10 years after it's launch like grand theft auto san andreas? You're wrong."
,Not Recommended,271590,32571703,Posted: 19 June,all,Tangle,"It's about time I left a review here, having quit the game as of probably over a year ago.Rockstar and Take Two don't give a single♥♥♥♥♥♥about you as a customer. I know from firsthand experience. This latest thing about them not wanting people to mod the game with OpenIV is just icing on the cake. Their game and practices have been invalidating users' purchases since it was released on PC, and they aren't doing a thing to fix that.My original issue was with their built-in anti-cheat. Instead of using a tried and true anti-cheat mechanism like VAC or PunkBuster or EAC, they decided they'd do better, and added something of their own to the game. Somehow, they screwed it up way, way worse than any of the other solutions out there. Surprising, huh?Their anti-cheat not only doesn't ban uses who are quite obviously using cheats, but it also bans users who aren't doing anything wrong at all! That's what I paid $60 for! They took a brute-force console-style approach to anti-cheat. Anything that's running on your system that might even LOOK at the game's memory while running will get you flagged, and that includes: streaming software, chat overlays, FPS counters, virus scanners, hell even steam's own FPS counter was doing it at one point. The real kicker is they won't admit that their system makes any mistakes, let alone tell you what on your system is setting the anti-cheat off.That point is hammered home when you try to contact support about the issue. Any and all tickets even mentioning the word ""ban"" in them are automatically closed with an automated response, and calling their support line and saying the same thing results in an aggressive script-reading and disconnected call. If you think I'm joking, just try it for yourself. This review will still be here for you to read, I'll wait.Back already? Good, because there's just a bit more left. See, a large portion of the community is so blindly entranced by the game series that they assume Rockstar can do no wrong, and swear that anyone that has a problem is either a liar, an idiot, or both. I've been falsely banned TWICE from the game, and just about every response I've gotten when mentioning it has been ""you cheated, you got what you deserved."" Productive bunch, eh?So let me just say that this latest anti-consumer move from the GTA giant comes as not even the slightest inkling of a surprise for me, someone who LOVED this game, someone who was waiting for its release, someone who doesn't have a ton of money and saved up for it, who feels completely cheated and betrayed. I won't be buying another Rockstar product again. I hope the company hits such dire times that they get dismantled and the property is sold off to someone who can do the customers justice. Lastly, I hope the people who are making these actively harmful decisions step on a lego, have it fly into their mouth and then choke on it.By the way, you should all go into the tags for this product and report the one that says ""Moddable"". It doesn't apply anymore. Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,271590,32623210,Posted: 21 June,all,eld00d,anti-mods = anti-fun
76561197973314185,Not Recommended,271590,28349044,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Mr_LightWell,"A marvelously crafted open world with tons to do and plenty of mayhem to be had - IF you've got the time, friends, and funds.GTA Online is basically a digital sandbox for those wishing to live out their elementary school day fantasies. No one coordinates missions, hackers are in nearly every session, people usually shoot at you for no reason, people will waste their time griefing your CEO/ Biker/ etc missions even though it isn't profitable to them.I truly had a blast playing the game for the time I have but the latest free update (if you can call it free) adds High Value import/export vehicle missions for the CEO branch and a range of exciting new vehicles - all of which are severely overpriced in hopes of luring thousands of elementary-minded players into buying the stupid Shark Cards.I've already had to grind just to become the CEO, then I had to grind to buy warehouses that I can't re-sell....now  I'm expected to grind more money to afford a warehouse for cars (which costs as much as ceo + small warehouse combined) only to have the NEW DLC content FINALLY available to me....which is then just asking me to unlock the unique vehicles that all cost 2+ Million each.....BEFORE i can use them in VIP missions.....*Edit I didn't mention the other reason I'm so salty about the new costs being that the Bikers DLC has only been out for a short time and I've spent millions in-game on that before ever getting a drug business...scrap ever getting one nowDon't buy into the scam folks."
76561198194229470,Not Recommended,271590,32555067,Posted: 18 June,all,Block head,"Originally I enjoyed GTA V, but now with the new policy it feels like complete bullsh** how we can't mod singleplayer, sure I understand for online but this just kills the franchise."
,Not Recommended,271590,32633108,Posted: 21 June,all,CONNORJ177,They are getting rid of mod support. The backbone of the singleplayer is based around mods. Totally crazy that they are pushing this. Don't buy or spend any more money.
76561198059349286,Not Recommended,271590,32616215,Posted: 21 June,all,zippa713,"I should be allowed to Mod my games as I am allowed to mod my truck... I get online game play and keeping it vanilla, but single player gaming should be controled by no-man!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32476700,Posted: 16 June,all,JCLOOL,Baning for modding single player?!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32570417,Posted: 19 June,all,sspelak,"Take-Two has ruined a great game with a fantastic modding scene. What's so wrong about being able to add the cars you want into your single player game? I never played online anyways because I have a crap internet connection, and modding singleplayer was the only thing that kept the game fun after I beat it.Here's to you guys at OpenIV... You'll be missed..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32633068,Posted: 21 June,all,Mediterranean Sea,TakeTwo destroyed the game
,Not Recommended,271590,32526954,Posted: 17 June,all,Kim Possible,"I've put a lot of hours into this game as you can tell. A lot of fun was had offline because I was banned form online from the get-go because I had Native TRianer running. That being said, I wasted a lot of time offline trying out all of the mods seeing as I hjave beaten this game twice on console.Needless to say because everyone else here,  I cannot give this game a good rating. Sure. It works. But there's no fun to be had in single player if you can't play with the mods out there. Mods are GTA V's life support. Hacking online has been an issue across all platforms; not just PC. Blaming OpenIV for that is abscent-minded and stupid. There's obviously some sort of bottom line here that Take-Two wants to meet. It just doesn't make any sense to blame OpenIV, an OFFLINE tool, for the hacking online. Not just that, but over two years inot the game's life on PC.At the end of the day, Take-Two is the same Take-Two they always have been, only now people are finally aware of it. I can't support a company that makes up false excuses in a pathetic attemntp to draw more audience to their online mode amd subsequently attmept to generate more revenue via Shark cards.Take-Two, you're just as bad as Ubisoft, Activision, and Konami. At least EA is making strides to improve. All you publishers care about is money which is what makes me hate this industry more and more every day the more and more I read about it and the non-sense that goes on, and also how you people essentially treat your studios and employees like work horses.It's a shame we have people who identify as gamers who mindlessly buy everything that's thrown at them no matter how miserable these publishers treat their clientel. Like an abusive relationship. You can forget about Borderlands 3. You guys aren't getting another ccent from me until you fix this."
76561198309059547,Not Recommended,271590,32616300,Posted: 21 June,all,ilhamarya184,Bring back OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32526953,Posted: 17 June,all,Hawthorn,"I bought this game based on Twitch Streams I saw of moded RP Servers .. I decided to to buy this game for the PC so I could play on some modded servers.  I thought GTA and Rockstar and Take Two cared about the community. Then they pull this♥♥♥♥♥♥and shut down a OpenIV.  The community that spent countless hours creating content and keeping GTAV alive, that has undoubtable driven massive extra sales as people like me bought 1 copy for console and then fell in love again and bought another copy for PC.Well lucky for me I delayed long enough and the stupid decision happened when I could still get a refund.Transaction ID: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxPayment Method: PayPalRefunded: Jun 15, 2017 @ 2:16amGrand Theft Auto V - $65.03Subtotal	$59.99Tax	$5.04Total	$65.03"
,Not Recommended,271590,32484871,Posted: 16 June,all,Yamato-class,"Take two interactive has screwed over the Modding for this game and till it is fixed deserves all the negatives they are getting... to be honest all they need to really do is work with the modder instead of ban them out right, but they have their heads so far up their asses they can't even see the harm this has caused."
,Not Recommended,271590,32553082,Posted: 18 June,all,[Mz] Mulic,"""They ruined battlefield!""- Neebs"
,Not Recommended,271590,32627463,Posted: 21 June,all,Emerald,"Rockstar Has truely Ruined a great modding and online platform. GTA V HAD two selling points a fun online experience, and a highly modifiable singleplayer mode. With recent events unfolding singleplayer modding has been deemed illegal so all your custom experiences have gone down the drain. Secondly their online platform has turned into a♥♥♥♥♥♥show and requires you to grind endlessly for a single vehicle or property in which prices seem to go up alot higher after every update, normally that wouldnt be a problem (who expects to get things without work) but Rockstar has made it into a repetivite procces that gets boring after the first hour. I would not reccomend spending your money on this game or anything made by rockstar due to their attitude to their community and their way of leeching their customers for money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32602715,Posted: 20 June,all,KillerRabbit,"Yeah, don't touch the modding community!"
76561198025164525,Not Recommended,271590,32564972,Posted: 19 June,all,Bane of Makedon,Nope.
76561197974053078,Not Recommended,271590,32535309,Posted: 18 June,all,Kyckling,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.EDIT: Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32594731,Posted: 20 June,all,Omuraitsu,"No mod = No freedom. Where's the sprit of ""Sand box open world game"" huh?"
76561198013111774,Not Recommended,271590,24193475,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Korbyn,heres a novel idea: PERMABAN HACKERS ROCKSTAR YOU BUNCH OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PIECES OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32764701,Posted: 25 June,all,CASPER,I have bought GTA V on Steam and played it over 40 hours and I never used cheats in online mode. Rockstar send me an e-mail that I have somehow violated  their terms of service and / or their user license. Thet decided to delite all my progress on my account and ban me for 30 days. What are you doing Rockstar ?
76561198117723761,Not Recommended,271590,32770980,Posted: 25 June,all,Neo Cortex,"After seeing Rockstar recently take a step back from their cease & desist to Open IV I thought I might purchase the game to play.So as GTA V went on sale during the Steam Summer Sale I picked up myself a copy of the game. Downloaded the 70GB of game files and then started it up to check that it all runs smoothly. Played single player for about an hour, played online for about an hour then turned it all off.Pick it up again 2 days later, playing through the story mode (note at this point the game appeared to be running no issues) until my friend comes home to play online. I log out for 10 mins. When I log back in I have a 30 day Ban from playing online. I'm sure you can understand my frustration.So what do I do? I jump online to see that FalseBans are serious problem with Rockstar in the past. Now I'm really feeling like crap. I call up Rockstar support, the first guy just hangs up after I give him my name, guess he couldn't really be bothered working today. I ring again, explain I just brought the game, installed, logged in and got banned, this second guy Ryan just start blurting out about banned account, nothing he can do, etc. So I ask to speak to his supervisor... he just hangs up on me. Ring again, Katrina this time, I just explain I can't even log in to play game, she starts the same spiel about banned accounts. So I say ""You're telling me you just sold me a Banned copy of the game? Because as soon as I started it up it's been banned"". Hang's up. Some customer service that is.I've seen a few posts on FalseBans but they are all from last year sometime. It appears they are still doing it. Are there others out there experiencing the same issues? Or is there anything new we can do to fix this?To be honest this is right ♥♥♥♥ed up and essentially theft, I've paid for a service and Rockstar have not delivered. I have in no way broken any of their policies or terms of use etc.TLDR: purchased game, installed, run game, banned. Something dodgy is going on here. DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,271590,32600056,Posted: 20 June,all,|aX| Rekoza [❀],Disappointing multiplayer/banning mods/too much grinding. I think GTA IV was better
,Not Recommended,271590,32568986,Posted: 19 June,all,Scape95,This is one of the best games i have played. But the developer who shall not be named abuses players by taking away the fun of modding and resetting online money.  great game. bad developer. I will leave a good rewiew when the game is fixed.
76561198092545035,Not Recommended,271590,32788764,Posted: 25 June,all,Chocobokken,"I made it through several waves of bans as Rockstar struggled in futility to curb the rampant abuse of their poorly secured servers by hackers and modders. Which made sense since I was not one of these hackers or modders. That ended today, 6/25/17, as I was banned without explanation or appeal. The ban will last a month but the ultimate penalty is having an account with years of progress reset to zero, literally. Level, assets, achievements, in-game funds, anything and everything other than a characters name was reset and with no appeals process or justification. They auto-close any tickets filed regarding the ban. In public lobbies hackers and modders can reign death in the form of jumbo jets falling on you while you sit in your apartment or bags of cash that fall like hail directly over your head. It is out of the average players control. Lost players have been exposed to both sides of a modders whim but this was the first time accounts, to my knowledge, were reset to 0 because of it. As an on-and-off player who doesnt dedicate loads of time daily the property and accomplishments I had achieved meant something to me. Silly though it may be.In summary: GTA Online is a wonderful game. The fact that you can enjoy the content for years only to have it snatched away without warning for being a victim to the very persons rockstar is suppose to protect you from is not wonderful. Play at your own risk and know it can be gone tomorrow. The modders who are guilty of the actual violations will be back on tomorrow, banned or not, with a new account...free to reign unwanted content on innocent users because rockstar is to cheap to buy real MMO servers."
,Not Recommended,271590,29595992,Posted: 30 January,all,Johns Pizzeria,"""no one has been banned for using single player modifications, and you should not worry about being banned or being relegated to the cheater pool just for using single player PC mods."" - Rockstar GamesIs RDR2 going to be like this? Am I going to have to buy three copies including the collectors edition on the 360 with continued support for over three years just to be perma'd in RDR2 as well?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32606567,Posted: 20 June,all,yy0pro,"Dislike, go to hell Take 2"
,Not Recommended,271590,32606605,Posted: 20 June,all,Batman's Dog ™,♥♥♥♥ you :)
76561198122681456,Not Recommended,271590,32668740,Posted: 23 June,all,TonySfan14,If you can't mod gta v then there's no reason to purchase this for pc
,Not Recommended,271590,32588293,Posted: 20 June,all,Gawar,Greedy ♥♥♥♥♥s!
,Not Recommended,271590,18977073,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Günther,"The singleplayer is definitely pretty amazing from a techical point of view, but I still absolutely do not recommend the game.GTA:Online is garbage, because:- the synchronization is absolutely laggy- it takes even with both a powerful PC and internet connection several minutes to connect to any MP lobby- the anticheat is garbage or not even existing at all --> a cheater spawns next to you and you have millions of dollars a few seconds later (still happening)- R*/Take-Two's policy on Mods is just stupid: R*/T2 is not able to create a proper multiplayer, but is sending lawyers to people making unofficial multiplayer modifications to stop them from creating a possibly _better_ MP. That would be okay if GTA:Online were fine, but it just isn't and hasn't changed since the PC release.It's like Gabe said: ""Let's assume for a second that we are stupidly greedy. So far the paid mods have generated $10K total. That's like 1% of the cost of the incremental email the program has generated for Valve employees (yes, I mean♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the Internet costs you a million bucks in just a couple of days). That's not stupidly greedy, that's stupidly stupid."""
,Not Recommended,271590,32567536,Posted: 19 June,all,BiscutTriscut☭,cmon take 2
,Not Recommended,271590,32596488,Posted: 20 June,all,R. N. Gesus,"The publisher has horrible community relations skills, and has shown gross incompetence over supporting the future of their games.Edit: The devs are however relatively competent, and occasionally manage to talk some sense into the drooling morons at the publisher."
,Not Recommended,271590,29532875,Posted: 27 January,all,Mr. Guy,"I REALLY want to recomend GTA V, but online's unrelenting false suspending and banning is dumb. Story mode is pretty good, but after you finish it gets bland quickly. I then moved to GTA Online. I was on the last forced job before getting impatient of noone joining so I could finish. So I left. Now, I am stuck sitting with a 1 month suspension for LITERALLY NO REASON! It's only my fifth day of owning the game, and now I have no reason to play untill the suspension is up because we all know how ♥♥♥♥♥tar Support is about being a customer support center."
,Not Recommended,271590,32686999,Posted: 23 June,all,Turbo,Games very boring. Better with mods!
,Not Recommended,271590,15682846,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,El Ferreté,So I'm voting down because of the rampant microtransactions that I outlined in my original review but I wanted to re do my review and bring this back to the top.Sending a cease and desist is a little bit of a poor move on TakeTwo's part but they are kind of in their right to do it (still doesn't mean people shouldn't voice their opinions). I'm upset too but mainly because of the horrible MP microtransactions and NO singleplayer content...
76561198015283584,Not Recommended,271590,32807040,Posted: 26 June,all,[A]thanØs(ง'̀-'́)ง,"RIP OpenIV, good luck next time RockStar.The comunnity here is dead, Thanks for you......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198057343545,Recommended,271590,15342534,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,sexyhambeast,The result of console peasants beta testing.11/10 would wait two years again.
,Not Recommended,271590,23456692,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,neko,Chose the wrong account for Social Club.Gets ♥♥♥♥ed cause you cant change accountsBye 60$♥♥♥♥ Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,16318684,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[SpatC] Ta̅p̅e̅,"The online could have been so great. But between the load times, and the over-priced everything, you have to spend too much of your time grinding the same 4 heists to get worthless amounts of money to get anything you would want in a meaningful amount of time.First off, if there was a party system that let you group up with people to do different missions and whatnot, where your party wouldn't get broken up and sent to different lobbies every game screen, that would be great.The heist system is garbage. If they let you get in a limited size party but not require that there be exactly 4 people, and then let you pick a bank/store/anything to steal from, instanced you, and then just let you do it on your terms, it would be a million lightyears better than having 5 set heists with crappy intro missions and lackluster final heists, then getting paid almost nothing when taking into account some of the cars they put out every month.Speaking of garbage they add every month, nearly every new gamemode they add is PVP re-skinned deathmatches. If I wanted to play PVP shooting I would go play CSGO.R* is moneygrubbing super hard and it hurts the game. Every new item they add now, they think that they have to make it cost a lot for who knows what reason. I assume they think there is inflation, but new people buy the game every day, meaning that everyone and their son doesn't have a lot of money. I've been playing since it came out and I don't have a lot of money. I don't know anyone that has more than maybe a few million dollars. (If you think that is a lot you would be quite surprised)I do not recommend you get this game for the GTA Online component."
,Not Recommended,271590,16415102,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lazarus ツ,"This is very dodgy dealings from rockstar. Consumers thinking they are getting the game at a sale price. Its not a sale price, its the same price as its always been..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32621224,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr.Pink,"great concept, great game.but horrible. please raise your hand if youve been in the middle of killing someone and LJT calls. Maybe ending up in a server with a person using a hack client? (not to be mistaken with modders who make the game more pleasant by adding features). My personal favorite is how you have to steal a car to call your very own car/boat/plane. Otherwise youll be standing on a street corner with a phone that keeps ringing, or until you punk someones car then your mechanic picks up instantly. :Dside note its funny how now they are cracking down on hack clients/mods now that its hurting their wallets, but not when it hurts their players. By cracking down on modders essentialy your killing your game, do you think skyrim would be a game people go back to if they didnt have mods/addons. By cracking down on hack clients well... thx but your late to the party by a few years."
76561198060602321,Not Recommended,271590,32626209,Posted: 21 June,all,Terotac,They banned modding woooooooooooooooooooooow - this was a huge selling point in my book. On behalf of the community and OpenIV team: ♥♥♥♥ YOU!Plus microtransactions kill any incentive to create new games as they are fed with enough revenue from these retared shark cards.
,Not Recommended,271590,32591753,Posted: 20 June,all,HiroshimaCC,Welp OpenIV!
76561198072239729,Not Recommended,271590,32628563,Posted: 21 June,all,DragonMaster,Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32608354,Posted: 20 June,all,guwop,"this game used to be good, unitl the money hungry pigs at take two decided to ruin about 10 yrs of fun. take 2 decided just a week ago to make modding ""illegal"" which is messed up. it makes no sence. dont buy the game, they just want ur money and dont care what u say. take two does not care about consumers they only care for profits and money in their pockets"
,Not Recommended,271590,32608352,Posted: 20 June,all,Tanya Degurechaff,eat butt
,Not Recommended,271590,32582226,Posted: 19 June,all,Ryant,Random Bans for no reasonTake down of OpenIVBUY SHARK CARDSYeah no
76561198009805937,Not Recommended,271590,32593064,Posted: 20 June,all,The exploding burrito,"Take two banned mods for no reason. They supported no multiplayer mods despite claims from rockstar and take two saying that it ""interefered customers gaming experience"". The game was cool with mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,32589336,Posted: 20 June,all,Carl The Llama™,"You ban our mods, we ban your income."
76561198026952929,Not Recommended,271590,32502510,Posted: 17 June,all,Kayukekiiii,very sad story bro
,Not Recommended,271590,15678425,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Drewski,Banned for using mods in single player.
,Not Recommended,271590,32619884,Posted: 21 June,all,Gatadata,"For the same reason as everyone else is downvoting it.Oh, and it's STILL full price!I was waiting for modding to be more safe and not ban me, but **** that, i'm going back to skyrim."
,Recommended,271590,18858852,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Robbin309,its a good game played more than 450 hours there are some things what they can make better but its a nice game
76561198045141591,Recommended,271590,30407186,Posted: 9 March,all,Wolfhowl,"Just to get one point out of the way, I am reviewing this game as a single player experience. I haven’t really experienced the online part, more than playing through the introduction, but there are a lot of other steam reviews mentioning online play, and according to some of them and some youtubers, Rockstar has been banning a lot of innocent players. So yeah, if you want info on the online experience check out other comments and reviews.As for GTA 5’s story mode and single player experience, I feel it is a great GTA game and certainly worth a buy for those that are a fan of the feel and gameplay of the series. Though there are some things I wish would have been a bit different.That scene…The torture scene… Now I am not against extreme and uncomfortable scenes in games if they serve a proper purpose. However, this didn’t really serve any purpose for me. I already knew at this point in the game that the character was deranged and a despicable human being, controlling him as he tortured someone for information couldn’t possibly lower my opinion of him any further.I feel like this scene was simply put in to generate controversy about the game and get people talking, so more people would buy the game because of the controversy… Which in truth it did get a lot of people talking when the game first came out. So, yay? Didn’t really do anything for the story. You already knew the agencies in GTA were corrupt, you knew Trevor was the evilest character in the game… Nothing was really achieved other than making the player torture someone.The charactersThen there are the three main characters themselves… Which I feel was a mistake. I much prefer just playing as one character, especially with Michael being the most interesting GTA protagonist I have played so far. The most interesting supporting cast is also closely related to Michael, mainly his dysfunctional family. I would have preferred the game focusing more on him, possibly just making Franklin a heist member, and turning Trevor into the main antagonist of the game.Franklin suffers from the same problem that CJ had in GTA San Andreas. He is just really boring… Unlike CJ though, most of the characters around Franklin are boring too. Mostly just coming into the story to remind him that he isn’t black enough and giving up on the hood, because he is trying to get out of there and move up in the world. CJ at least had the best antagonists I have seen in the series, and an insane - but also hilariously over the top girlfriend/ex-girlfriend - Franklin… He has a special ability that makes racing easier? Other than that, he can be easily replaced by every other character. Plus switching between other characters, Franklin will often switch to ugly baggy clothes like some teenager trying to be cool… So I constantly have to run back home to change his outfit to something that makes him look half decent.As for Trevor… It is really weird playing as the most messed up and psychotic character in a GTA game. Usually you play a guy like Franklin or Michael, clearly both guys doing bad things. But they are the kind of bad guys you send in to deal with the even worse guys. Trevor is as close as you get to a bad guy, and I can best describe him as the Joker of the GTA universe.For ♥♥♥♥ sake… We are introduced to him killing a guy, because the guy is upset that Trevor is ♥♥♥♥ing his girlfriend. Note the guy DOES NOT! Take the first hostile action. Trevor does when the guy doesn’t instantly ♥♥♥♥ off...Trevor has no real redeeming qualities, and by all accounts he should be the main bad guy at the end of the game, because he is often the main cause of conflict.Then there are the villains… With three main characters, all switching between the spotlight, there aren’t much time left to let any villain shine, which results in a series of smaller forgettable bad guys. Especially since Trevor is often just on the verge of being a full-on villain to Michael. Which is a shame, seeing as San Andreas had amazing villains and a great climax, the GTA 5 climax is more meh...A great thing is that you can give all of the protagonists glorious beards, which really helps improve their ugly faces.Stay positiveOkay so that was the negatives out of the way. Now for the more positive. The gameplay feels much more smooth to me than it has in previous titles. Everything is nice and easy to control once you get the hang of it, well possibly except for helicopters, but I will never learn to properly fly and land those things in GTA. :P I also like the skills of the various characters such as driving and shooting, and that certain ones of them are relatively fast to level up, especially flying at the flying school. It is nice that they haven’t brought back annoying stats like fat.So the core of the gameplay is very enjoyable, and the other drivers have improved a lot too. In previous games, if I tried to drive normal. (Waiting on traffic lights, driving in the correct lanes, matching the speed of the other cars) Which I often do in missions where the characters are having conversations, I would often get slammed into by cars deciding to make a sudden turn. In about 60 hours of GTA 5 I didn’t experience that happening even once to myself, though I did see a few others driving into other cars, but not into me by accident. :)There are also several random encounters, which spice up the city and make it feel alive. Some are just people wanting to get driven places and give a few bucks. But some are more interesting or funny. For example, I suddenly saw hostiles on the map, and decided to check it out because I hadn’t really done anything to warrant hostiles at that time.After shooting them it turned out I saved a girl from being murdered over her dad’s criminal past, and after driving her home I was later contacted getting 60.000 put into the character’s account. Which I felt was a lot for a random encounter.There are also some great songs mixed into the different radio stations. Since I have been watching Archer a lot lately, I was really excited when I suddenly heard they were playing Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins.A lot of the minigames are also fun side distractions. Personally I found playing tennis as Michael to be very relaxing.End remarksSo yeah, two out of three protagonists suck, the antagonists aren’t very fleshed out or memorable, the core of the game is great, the city feels more alive, and the radio has good songs mixed in."
,Not Recommended,271590,15646061,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jesus,"Rockstar is one of the worst companies in the industry right now. The game is full of bugs and they have banned easily half it's player-base for doing nothing in some scatter-shot attempt to target hackers.EDIT: Several months on and I still believe this game is awful. The matchmaking is absolutely broken; there are still game breaking bugs, and Rockstar are still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Also, other players can ban you."
,Not Recommended,271590,16322423,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,☢ 🅰BOM🅱️ ☢,"This game is really great - BUT raising prices just before the summer sale, that is a really douchey thing to do!"
76561198006937271,Not Recommended,271590,32792196,Posted: 25 June,all,dowman239,No mods=no gameRockstar cant possibly think the mp is what has kept this game alive on the pc.
,Not Recommended,271590,32602697,Posted: 20 June,all,QuickSniper,I do not recommend this game becuase it is banning people for no good reason and it also bans custom content
,Not Recommended,271590,32585548,Posted: 20 June,all,Cyphre,"A once bright legacy, brought down by the heavy hand of corporatism.Good riddance to fond memories."
76561198120566051,Not Recommended,271590,32800679,Posted: 25 June,all,Papabunny,"thank you take two for being the dumbest ♥♥♥♥s in gaming......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198181140506,Not Recommended,271590,32660694,Posted: 22 June,all,justin.malin,no more mods you suck take two
,Not Recommended,271590,28353218,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Scuba Bill23,"R* doesn't care about the player. The ""free"" DLC costs millions, and becasue of all of the hackers there is no incentive to grind for money. Lots of people have billions of cheated money and they never get banned or anything, totally ruins multi-player. Do not waste your money, not fun at all. R* is awful with making this game fun or even playable."
,Not Recommended,271590,30598275,Posted: 18 March,all,PorkChop™,Do you know what my only concern is in this game the money is so hard to get and you invest alot of time in too it to get it u know what happens boom f*cking banned for no reason at all i got like what by collecting for hours 1 mil next day i get banned! i do not recommend it and if rockstar reads this get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together
,Not Recommended,271590,32527888,Posted: 17 June,all,PIGEON McCoy,i can't believe it. Why?
76561198210468055,Not Recommended,271590,32665760,Posted: 22 June,all,takoofapoc,Love this Game but.... ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar and Take Two.
76561198050521344,Recommended,271590,15446995,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[Fr]Yaritaina,"Tuesday i was like : ""Yeah,  GTA V out ! I'm gonna play 4 hours before eat/sleep and go working""4 hours later i was like : ""Damn, this game is so good i really need a new computer to play it, let's see what i need ... but... it's Sunday ...WTF ?!""Don't play this game if you have a good social life / friends / kids (if you have a wife, play with her and don't forget to sold you childrens to buy a better PC)"
,Recommended,271590,16981511,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,PapaJenkinz,"I have over 200 hours on this game and I have yet to be bored of it. Whether it is driving around with your friends, doing missions, or literally anything, there always seems to be more to do. Rockstar has done a great job with this game, releasing free DLC, having bonus RP and money weekends, and more. I would recommend this game to ANYONE."
,Not Recommended,271590,20936470,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Zeb89,"While single player is masterfully tailored for an immersive and entertaining experience, albeit somewhat brief, I find myself unable to give the game a thumbs up. Unfortunately cons outweigh pros, generally speaking.Loading times in GTA Online are outrageous. I find myself spending far more time staring at loading screens than actually playing the game. Sadly, this isn't an overstatement.You will actually spend more time twiddling your thumbs in lobbies and in front of loading screens waiting for sessions to find players and maps to load (?).You'll also be frequently confronted by cheaters. I have witnessed players:- using godmode- spawning all weapons- giving me all weapons- shooting money at me- spawning mountain lions on top of me- spawning tanks everywhere- spawning police with rocket launchers- monkeys and pigs driving cars- UFO's rammed into the road- A mannequin prop positioned on top of my head- etc, etc, (simply allow your imagination to go rampant)Don't even get me started on heists...You'll find trolls. People bailing mid game, commiting suicide, blowing up objectives, etc. This simply leads to frustration and, needless to say, a never ending chain of lobby - load screens which will inevitably lead you to give this game the finger, at least as far as online goes.If you don't hate yourself, just stick to story mode and try to appreciate the steps tecnology has taken within the gaming world.You might think a downvote isn't warranted in this case. Well, frankly I don't care what you think. With the money the have they COULD and HAD to have done better."
,Not Recommended,271590,15687301,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[DANGERZONE]ICEMAN,Don't kill mods
,Not Recommended,271590,16344547,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,brunub,"Don't give in to this deceptive pricing. Really disappointed, the product stands up on its own but then they pull this price hike/fake sale nonsense."
,Not Recommended,271590,16344640,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Spottiermean3,"wow rockstar just wow, I see what you did there for more money but wow"
,Not Recommended,271590,32591681,Posted: 20 June,all,Christoph,GIVE US BACK THE MODS OR RIOT
,Not Recommended,271590,32585577,Posted: 20 June,all,Lowfatlogan csgogem.com,"Playing with nearly 600 hours on this game, a month ago I would have recommended it to anyone that would like a sandbox freedom style game, now Take Two Interactive has announced (after around three years of the game being out) that modding is illegal. They made OpenIV (A single player modding software) shutdown because of it. I play the game so I can mod and play in single player. I don't play it often because of the multiplayer and the insanely toxic amounts of rage and rudeness in Online. After all of these games that they've let people mod in single player on then now making it illegal, they will be lucky to have me ever play a single one of their games again. Not cool Take Two... I do not recommend this game. Thanks a lot."
,Not Recommended,271590,32423877,Posted: 14 June,all,Illusive Ghost,♥♥♥♥ TT for getting rid of single player mods and open IV
76561198006779468,Not Recommended,271590,32605734,Posted: 20 June,all,Kittenpants,"Since the publisher Take-Two has banned the essential tool for modding this game, the value simply isn't there anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,28917926,Posted: 1 January,all,Артём Иосиф,Positives:+ Story-Mode (Great Connection With Characters From Past)+ Easter Eggs & Secrets+ Old GTA Collection Secrets & Street NamesNegatives:- Hackers Everywhere (Online)- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Support- False Bans (Online)- Instant-Ban (No Reason) (Online)- Increase Prices of Everything to Force Players to Buy Shark Cards (Online)- No DLC Vechiles for Single-Player- Unaccurate Ban Waves (Online)- Server Connectivity (Online)
,Not Recommended,271590,32832606,Posted: 26 June,all,FeaReaperz,"The game's fun, I'll give it that.  Unfortunately, it's locked behind abysmal loading times, toxic players, and a cash system scientifically designed to make you buy shark cards if you want anything worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,271590,32580351,Posted: 19 June,all,thebonesaw12,"Could play 50 billion hours of this game and take-two still would not care. All content they add is in multiplayer, that way they can make more money from micro transactions. On top of that they want to kill mods.... NA B"
,Not Recommended,271590,32595561,Posted: 20 June,all,Cats ate my face!,"Still full of hackers, Take 2 are asshats."
,Not Recommended,271590,32419558,Posted: 14 June,all,Zulfurix,"I have always been a fan of the GTA franchise since I bought GTA 3 eons ago.But how could  Take-Two interactive treat the community in such a bad fashion by stripping us of something Rockstar supported? OpenIV was the liberty of Grand Theft Auto's 4 and 5.Also, new DLC for the game has been lacklustre lately, and requires you to sell off your liver, an arm and an appendix just to purchase a hat. It's hard to enjoy the ""free"" content when it's out of your reach. Unless of course, you purchase a shark card.Just.. Why..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32622470,Posted: 21 June,all,zb,"Not sure if it is Take Two or Rockstar behind the scenes, I'd like to think its Take Two.Rockstar is smart enough to preserve the integrity of the game when necessary, even while allowing modding.  Step in the wrong direction.  Time to let the voice be heard.  I hope the game publishers wake the ♥♥♥♥ up."
,Not Recommended,271590,34702750,Posted: 2 September,all,♥ Natsumi ♥,"If you're not willing to buy fake currency,you lose.If you are willing to buy fake currency, you have no game left to play, soyou lose.Buy Payday 2 if you want a good heist.EDIT: Rockstar is also too busy counting your shekels to actually do something about the hackers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32570420,Posted: 19 June,all,xTwisteDx,Stopping mods? F*** you!https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,32633039,Posted: 21 June,all,tazaryoot,RIP OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,34639289,Posted: 31 August,all,Henri,"Avoid this game.I've repeatedly had my account balance zeroed out for unexplained reasons.  Zero response from Rockstar support.  Support tickets sit unanswered.  Each wipe is suspiciously days before a new DLC is released, and immediately pushing me to buy their shark cards with real dollars.While the game has many issues with fraudulent money via hacking, my repeated punishment is unwarranted.  I do everything in my power to keep my money earned clean, and 100% of it can be verified clean by their own in-game transaction log.Your time is more valuable than what Rockstar thinks its worth - play a different game."
76561198055552367,Not Recommended,271590,32621172,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr_Toob,Well you can practically play the single player forever! There are new mods all the time to liven up the game in new and exciting ways.OH WAIT
,Not Recommended,271590,32471684,Posted: 16 June,all,panc,"GTA without mods is like a tree that's not made out of wood.Thinking banning single player mods will make more player spend money on online is just dumb, becuase GTA online sucks dîck."
76561198066259366,Not Recommended,271590,32472324,Posted: 16 June,all,Desarko,"Banning mods because you've ""undermonetised"" the most pay-to-win triple A game i've seen in a long time.LOL"
76561198112175485,Not Recommended,271590,32636822,Posted: 22 June,all,Natony,Rockstar constantly srewing over their customer base
,Not Recommended,271590,15681535,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Saul,What an unpolished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS is what I waited 2 years for a crashy buggy pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥wow fix this abomination so I can get some enjoyment out of this waste of money
76561198053574030,Not Recommended,271590,34785122,Posted: 6 September,all,MisterTea68,"It's a shame because the game is really fun to play with friends but the online is becoming flooded with modders. What is even worse is that those that are getting punished aren't really the modders but the innocent players who got money from them or even random players. I lost $2.6M even though I never received illegitimate money. I tried their support but like many players told, they don't even bother to read your ticket and only copy and paste a response that merely fits your problem."
76561197995491515,Not Recommended,271590,34622070,Posted: 30 August,all,2gud,"Didn't cheat, got my money drained. NO REASON."
,Not Recommended,271590,23846310,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mctav,"Sitting in the shower IRL come back and i was banned for two weeks...Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together rockstaredit: rockstar completely ignores ban appeal ticket, using a bot to basically say to screw off, so rip summer sale. Also I have never installed anything close to hacks for grand theft auto.But, the story mode for grand theft auto 5 is good, it's fun and the story is pretty good.I've loved grand theft auto v since i got it for Xbox 360, but I've just had a terrible experience on pc, I just hope once I get unbanned I don't lose all my money since I've recently bought a megaladon shark card"
76561198078257645,Not Recommended,271590,35356307,Posted: 30 September,all,alexseyewN7,"Don't buy it, you will grind your @$$ off and RockStar will just remove your ""illegitimate"" funds."
,Not Recommended,271590,32600068,Posted: 20 June,all,Zeanix,RIP OpenIVTake-Two is trying so hard to kill this series.
,Not Recommended,271590,32605744,Posted: 20 June,all,Sir Jolly,Just boring after a while. Not even enough things to do at all.
,Not Recommended,271590,32668961,Posted: 23 June,all,matty patty pookie bear,Take Two is a piece of crap
,Not Recommended,271590,32694248,Posted: 23 June,all,athletes123,Got rid of mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32640604,Posted: 22 June,all,Big ol Doinks,I tried to use mods in the game and now the police are at my door0/10 commits violence against fun
,Not Recommended,271590,32739370,Posted: 24 June,all,"""Fun"" Blocker ϟϟ",dont buy this
,Not Recommended,271590,32580349,Posted: 19 June,all,Ranvier,greedy company wants to control something i bought
,Not Recommended,271590,32606578,Posted: 20 June,all,Spooky Bebe,I cannot support this game any longer. No shark cards. I hate microtransactionsBut mostly I'm mad about How Take 2 decided to kill OpenIV and modding.They done goofed.
,Not Recommended,271590,19799560,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,The,"The game runs beautifully and looks gorgeous, even on lowest settings- but it's hard to enjoy the scenery when you're being exploded every other second.The online portion of this game has some very awful business practices implemented and very little action taken against malicious cheaters. Every session I've played in online (this is no exaggeration) has had at least one malicious hacker who would spawn too much or explode everyone- something of the sort. And while you would think that Rockstar would have a greater grip on such large-scale server affecting hacks- basically nothing is done to counter malicious hackers and it's up to players to enter Passive Mode to temporarily escape the death effects or leave the server and find a new one.The grind in the game is also very real. Earning money and RP is ludicrously slow, and nothing you buy scales properly. You can tell they've really made it a grind so as to encourage buying Shark Cards. Prime example: A yacht in the game costs approximately $8 million, and that's not even fully customized. A Shark Card that gives you $8 million in game costs $100 CDN. A not-fully customized yacht in the online portion of this game costs more than the game itself. In a heist you'll probably get $250,000 on average (i dont know, i havent played too many because finish both the setups and the finale itself requires a very coordinated crew), but that's after doing the heist setups and finale. It takes at least an hour to do all of that, so it will maybe take you at least one hour and probably a half to make $250,000. And this is with a supposedly coordinated crew- have fun trying to play Heist Setups and finales with random players- it will take many, many tries that will often make you feel like you're greatly wasting your time.To build onto that, players who have spent much time are rewarded well as their level is higher and thus unlock more content- that's nice and all, but what this means is low-level players are locked from using many items. I've got 80+ hours clocked in GTA V Online and I'm only around Level 50. You stop unlocking items at Level 120- and you only really get the higher end stuff towards Level 90+. It's outrageous, and what it really does is put higher-levelled players on a higher-level ground than lower-levelled players- it's not a difference in skill when it comes to a one-on-one snipe session with an enemy- it's a difference in level, as the newbie will have the weak sniper and the veteran will have the one-hit-kill sniper. Maybe you can't shoot down someone's helicopter efficiently because of your weak rifle- but your enemy can definitely shoot yours down with his Level 120 Minigun. The RP Level System puts older players on a higher-level ground not because of experience and skill gained, but simply because they straight up have better, upgraded items than those of lower-level players. A great imbalance of items and unlocks tilts the game towards people who are higher levelled, and those who are lower-level will have an even harder time catching up.And to further build upon the grind point, the only real viable solution to obtain money is to hope a hacker comes into the server and instead of exploding everyone decides to spawn money. It's funny, these kinds of people who spawn money for everyone because of the horrid payouts is the one who gets banned. From what I've seen, Rockstar's Anti-Cheat system is only efficient in catching people who spawn money- who cares about game-ruining hackers? You must buy Rockstar's Shark Cards for outrageously expensive prices like $100 CDN for that yacht, OR you can grind for $250,000 an hour with a coordinated team to get 1/32th closer to buying that Yacht.Not to mention the shady business practices where Rockstar purposely tries to make the game seem like it's discounted for lots but it's really not- it's actually a bundle of GTA V and a Shark Card you don't care about that artificially raises the price of the game and thus inflates the sale percentage- and also disables you from refunding the game should you want to as it's packaged with a non refundable item.All in all, you'd have to grind to get anything worthwhile and Freeroam is rather boring if you're not roaming with someone else. Pray that maybe you won't get blown up today and that maybe someone will start dropping money- that's about all you can do.A horrible, long grind which encourages horrible business practices along with the extreme lack of hacker and malicious cheater countermeasures really turns me off from the Online portion of this game. It's fun when with friends- but everything else is just ridiculous and unprofessional.They've also killed modding for GTA V, double negative rating if I could."
,Not Recommended,271590,32559128,Posted: 19 June,all,Raptor231408,"No modding absolutely kills any playability after a point. theres only so long i can go around driving fast and killing hookers before being bored, But i will play longer if i can drive around a giant Thomas the Tank Engine, and kill Hitlers"
,Not Recommended,271590,32773389,Posted: 25 June,all,Bobson Dugnutt,Microtransactions ruined GTA Online
,Not Recommended,271590,32528851,Posted: 18 June,all,Rami,-1
76561198130191179,Not Recommended,271590,32633005,Posted: 21 June,all,Captain Dingle Doodle,"If you were someone like me who literally just bought this game for the single-player mods, then you wasted your money because they completly ♥♥♥♥ed it with the open IV situation. I think I played online on here once, and I soon went back to single-player because I could have alot more fun with mods, than some horrible online which basically forces you to buy shark cards to even get anywhere in the game. and if you dont do that, you have to grind and grind until your just doing this for one vehicle or house or something. If you are even thinking about buying this game right now (which I hope you arent) dont. You will waste your time playing online and play single-player and after awhile hate it because it gets boring without anything to change the game at all."
,Not Recommended,271590,32636720,Posted: 22 June,all,Meneer_Max,Its a pay to win game now.
76561198060987327,Not Recommended,271590,32636797,Posted: 22 June,all,dillonkatena2k11,You lost a future sale from me. No mod support = I don't buy the game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32559133,Posted: 19 June,all,sir nexus of the potato,"♥♥♥♥ you Take Two you ♥♥♥♥ing greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Taking away modding from this game is the most disgusting and ♥♥♥♥ing horrible thing to do.For people who dont like online, and just want to play single player, thats like taking away half of the game from them.Dont forget the people who have worked hard on the mods.And to the people at OpenIV and Script Hook, i am truly sorry for all that hard work you have gave to us to have an amazing experience...Has gone down the drain..This is truly disgusting and will be uninstalling this game until this is fix by the ♥♥♥♥ heads at Take Two"
,Not Recommended,271590,32680341,Posted: 23 June,all,♡ ミンティ ♡,"Rockstar have shut down modding. They have lied to their community outright and have used legal force to shut down any and all obstacles threatening their bottom line, including single player mods that expand the game's creative potential and allow new communities to form. It's all gone.Rockstar are clearly communicating that if you aren't intending to be nickel-and-dimed for every last cent at every opportunity, you can go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. They have no interest in you, and this game has nothing left to offer you.Do not buy.But more important than that: do not forget. They have pulled this here. They WILL pull it again, and the next game, and the next. Vote with your wallet next time, and do not fall for it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32560726,Posted: 19 June,all,Sir Coffey,"While GTA 5 is a great game, for Take 2 making the OpenIV team take down OpenIV, I leave this review. The same goes for the structure of the online game. The reason there are hackers in online is because of the ridiculous prices of all the online content, and the stupidly high priced shark cards. The online is just one big grind for nothing."
,Recommended,271590,15419311,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,redacted,without a doubt worth the long wait. just beautiful in every aspect. brilliant job R* many thanks.game of the decade / 10payday who now?
76561198172183839,Not Recommended,271590,32694275,Posted: 23 June,all,crackin_24_7,On behalf of the OpenIV team
76561198085045339,Not Recommended,271590,32739853,Posted: 24 June,all,✪ Skidracer13,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,16322692,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,StarlessTrooper,"Great going there, bumping up the price for the summer sale"
,Not Recommended,271590,32668957,Posted: 23 June,all,B I Z KAZOOYA,"Not worth the $2000 they want you to spend, play Just Cause 3 instead."
,Not Recommended,271590,19756770,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Schutz,"Banned till 2030 or some♥♥♥♥♥♥for picking up money, 10/10 ign, never buying another rockstar product again.♥♥♥♥ em."
76561198311947745,Not Recommended,271590,32591668,Posted: 20 June,all,Luis,"Why m8, why?"
76561198080094794,Not Recommended,271590,32626216,Posted: 21 June,all,Lt. Aldo Raine,loved the game not the companies.:( microtransactions and overpriced ingame items made me weary but now in light of the openiv ♥♥♥♥♥torm ♥♥♥♥ this game ill probably never play it again!ps sign this petition:https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,29664925,Posted: 3 February,all,Crown,"Rockstar facking idiots, bannig clear players"
,Not Recommended,271590,32573932,Posted: 19 June,all,Original,Disgusting what Take2 did to the modding community. Do not support these guys.
76561198143885270,Not Recommended,271590,32608319,Posted: 20 June,all,VultureKing,Its all about the money money
,Not Recommended,271590,32608325,Posted: 20 June,all,Seriaphell,"Used to strongly recommend GTA V but after the♥♥♥♥♥♥they pulled with banning modding, TakeTwo and Rockstar no longer have my support."
,Not Recommended,271590,32495286,Posted: 16 June,all,Madheal,I would rather buy a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than give these idiots money ever again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32558228,Posted: 18 June,all,True,"just doing my duty as a gamer. allow mods, it keeps your game alive. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198099513997,Not Recommended,271590,32609205,Posted: 20 June,all,VO,.
76561198115702924,Not Recommended,271590,32552189,Posted: 18 June,all,Tumblingsloth,T2 choices = kljhsdgbljkhdsfbgvkhljdfzbvlkjhsafdbfgjkhlsfdbglkhrwbgkjhlfsabghbsgfjkbsrahkfgbsafdkjhfgbsadfkhljfgvbjhklsafdbfvkjlhsfdhfglkhsfabhglkjhsfdbgjklhsfdabgfjfhkrfsdehkhsdfagkhjsdabfgjhsadnbgfljkhhsfdakljgbdflkghndfklhghklfsdajgbkljdsfgbhdskfgkljdsfhgljsdfbgkjdfsbgkljfdbghkfdgkljdfshglkjdfshgWeAre♥♥♥♥♥♥skhsdbgjkhrdsgjhkrsdbghbrdjhgkbrdjhgbjdrhkbgjhdfrsbghjkfdsbghjkbfdkhjgfdkhlgblkdfshbgkhjdfbghkdfbglkjbdfkhljgbfdiusgbnhirejbgijherbagikjnbreakjhgbrakdjhgbkjreahbgkljarebngbraekjlghbkajgbkhdabgklhjdrabgklhdrbasgkbdsfkgbadkljfngbkjlafdsbgkhafdbgkbadfklgbsdklgbdlfnbgkjldsfngkjlsbfngkljsdbnfknfsdgkjbnfdg
76561198024981337,Not Recommended,271590,16365135,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Barone,"At this moment i can only play in private rooms, due to the cheaters, the online lost part of his fun...Thank you rockstar for givin a♥♥♥♥♥♥to the cheatersI change my review when Rockstar take care of the problemhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw6PkZK1rPY"
76561198060881884,Not Recommended,271590,32663981,Posted: 22 June,all,MEEP,have fun with the♥♥♥♥♥♥show
76561198289433253,Not Recommended,271590,32584667,Posted: 19 June,all,RyanNeedDamnnMilk,"Banning GTA Singleplayer mods that is 100% not affecting online gameplay or whatsoever is so wrong on so many levels.One of the reason i buy this game is because of the awesome modding community in GTA series. But TAKE TWO banning singleplayer mods? that is stupid, its not even affect the online modding tools, But OPENIV is the one that affected.Well done TAKE TWO, RIP OpenIV."
,Not Recommended,271590,32639533,Posted: 22 June,all,Shazam,BOI you guys ♥♥♥♥ed up good
76561198020803681,Not Recommended,271590,18722597,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SQUIDY,"Not many games will get me to write a steam review. They need to be either really good or so disappointing and terrible that I feel that I should warn others not to play.GTA V comes into the latter...Firstly, before I tell you why, I am only disgusted by GTA online. The single player component of the game is great and I have played it through both on PS3 and PC  10/10 would  lose everything on the in-game stock markets and go on a hooker murdering rampage again.Graphics are excellent on PC btw.Online was the game disappointment of the year for me though. For a few reasons which are hard to explain unless you've played.The most annoying thing is the loading screens.... so many. Some have likened GTA V online to a loading screen simulator.It is ridiculously hard to play with friends (PC only apparently) You can become friends with your mates via the Rockstar social club  but it means very little. It does give you the option to Join your friend -which you will use a lot because every time you try to join a mission looking for players or when you complete one it will load (again) you into separate sessions (instance, server etc)Which brings me to my second most hated thing - the missions. They are very difficult to get your hands on.  You will be running around the city and an invite will pop up (automatic) so you hit join and bam loading screen. Then you may or may not get to the lobby. If you don't - bam - loading screen. If you do your chances of successfully joining that mission are low. Especially if you are low level because you will be a liability (death means restart). Most of the time you will be kicked to make room for better players or the host will leave and you guessed it bam  loading screen and you're dreaming if you think they'd let you continue from what you were doing when you accepted the fruitless invite.If your friends tried to join the mission with you  horrah  you get to use the join friend button again because you will have been loaded into different sessions. More loading.Lastly - most likely due to the game being super difficult to play the way it was meant to be - Griefers, griefers everywhere.  Depending on your definition of a griefer GTA V online is full of them. All player characters appear on your mini map so there is no hiding and the whole thing turns into a grief-fest. You get killed by players with far superior gear and then they wait for you to respawn maybe 100 meters away and they kill you again  :D such fun, The only way to escape is to find a new session bam loading screen.So to wrap up. Could of been great. Isn't, better chances of enjoying it if you aren't playing with friends, offline is worth, interface needs a rebuild.The end."
76561198027192201,Not Recommended,271590,34651901,Posted: 31 August,all,Falco,Worst customer service I have ever seen.
,Not Recommended,271590,32586343,Posted: 20 June,all,Justin,Rip LSPDFR
76561198131577091,Not Recommended,271590,32625035,Posted: 21 June,all,xViMToM,This game......... used to be my favorite game...... but now my opinion has changed :( What are you doing rockstar people buy this game on pc so we can have mods and have fun but guess what someone had to ruin it and it was you if you dont fix this good luck tempting me to buy any games from you again you have ruined gta :(((
,Not Recommended,271590,32694332,Posted: 23 June,all,2Kawaii2Daii,R I P the only great part about a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tier game
,Not Recommended,271590,34883974,Posted: 11 September,all,PuSHeR O_O | Pvpro.com,Your Account Details Have Been Adjusted-$175000000(Delete Grand Theft Auto V)
,Not Recommended,271590,34729871,Posted: 4 September,all,Iron_Lemur,The success of this game really made Rockstar show their true colors.  They have quite possibly toppled EA (Who have actually started turning things around in recent years)  as the greediest game developer in the industry through a single title.  Prepare for and expect the worst in Red Dead 2.
,Not Recommended,271590,32566252,Posted: 19 June,all,Fl0upack,no mods ->♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Will try to refund the game
76561197970350166,Not Recommended,271590,23445106,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,tyler.durden,"The single player version is excellent, only a few cons with it:Too short, they could add more content to it, instead of the Online Version.The cop-experience is getting old real fast.  You find your ""secret"" spots where you can escape no matter what.They could also add a lot more jobs, like the ones in the main story, but they have rather gone for expanding GTA Online.I see how they might think that they can make even more money from GTA Online, but the few people I found, either have a laggy connection, so teamwork is out of the question, or they are 50-100 lvls above you.  And these guys are your typical kids, that just tries to kill as many as possible.  And unless you've recently been to a mini-bank, you lose your hardearned cash.So the conclusion:GTA V Single Player mode = Fairly goodGTA V Online = CRAP!!!"
76561197992264433,Not Recommended,271590,32617420,Posted: 21 June,all,Solimar,What can I say? Stop. Dont buy! Stop microtransactions and Take 2 F U
,Not Recommended,271590,32581397,Posted: 19 June,all,Spent Casing,I've loved GTA games for a long time. After taking a break from this game I was planning on coming back and giving it another go. The fact that Take Two just♥♥♥♥♥♥all over modders is pathetic and will only hurt themselves in the long run. It's really sad to see a company that's responsible for such a great series of games go down this path when modding has done nothing but given this game a much extended life. You only need to look at a game like Skyrim that's coming up to 10 years old to see how modding can keep that game fresh.If this is there idea of smart buisness sense they need to get there corporate heads out of their asses and wake up. Unless they realise there mistake and fix it I will not play or purchase any of there games again. And I highly recommened anyone considering buying this game or coming back to play it to do the same.
,Not Recommended,271590,32698360,Posted: 23 June,all,TheRealLester,no more mods = no more supportand you can cancel out the no and more on boh sides of the equation to getno moremods =no moresupporttherefore mods = support
,Recommended,271590,23406571,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mister_Funtastic | Sumarijan,good!
76561198038079057,Not Recommended,271590,32543443,Posted: 18 June,all,Asirum,"Gready developer who doesn't support player made mods, singleplayer or multiplayer."
76561198257984699,Not Recommended,271590,32685130,Posted: 23 June,all,Zarus,♥♥♥♥ rockstar you cant mod anymore i get it modding/cheating is wrong in gta online but why cant you let us mod on singleplayer?
,Not Recommended,271590,32795031,Posted: 25 June,all,Gahma,"Take-Two, took too many. Now we are gone. For those saying that the day is won and OpenIV is saved, Take-Two is still treating it as a gray area and is ready to sue anyone who makes a mod which goes against their ""views""."
76561198054572463,Not Recommended,271590,32643789,Posted: 22 June,all,Fauldy,"Not worth the purchase anymore. Rockstar stripped the singleplayer of features in favor of the multiplayer, my personal least favourite part of the game. And now with the removal of modding services to the players the game feels like one big cash grab.I sincerely hope this isn't an indication of where Rockstar's morals are headed, especially with RDR2 on its way. Youre better than this Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32562622,Posted: 19 June,all,2CHEB,Pay to play ((UNDERSTANDABLE))Pay to play + pay to win ((UNUNDERSTANDABLE))No more modding tool  ( ( D E A D  A S S ) )
76561197971196625,Not Recommended,271590,16367294,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hexen,"The game is quickly becoming ruined. How? Modders/Hackers are literally killing the entire online aspect of GTA V. All public lobbies are nothing more than playgrounds for hackers to kill everyone, explode everyones cars, eject people out of vehicles and aircraft,etc etc etc. This issue has been going on for months and Rockstar isn't doing a ♥♥♥♥ing thing about it. Pathetic. If you are considering buying this for the online portion..... I strongly suggest you hold off until the day Rockstar finally stops counting their millions and wishes to support their own ♥♥♥♥ing game. Take it from me, a person with well over 200 hours into online."
76561197968401767,Not Recommended,271590,16323706,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jimmy Gibbs,"Rockstar, this is what you get for raising the price just before the Summer Sale......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32665762,Posted: 22 June,all,hahnlo,"Modding is a part of PC gaming, so please stop being a ****."
76561198097271829,Not Recommended,271590,32700372,Posted: 23 June,all,Fettsplace,no love for the customer
,Not Recommended,271590,32585576,Posted: 20 June,all,Xicc++,Discovered how mods can be great fun just before they want to ban it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32602704,Posted: 20 June,all,Super Kami Guru,"Good job you got almost everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at you because you wanted to make more money from shark cards, this is an example of a money hungry company."
76561198166464690,Not Recommended,271590,15825939,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Chavy,Played almost an hour and got a kick saying that I haven't purchased this game yet.... Waiting for response from paypal as steam ♥♥♥♥ed it up and doesnt care  0/10
76561198113090957,Not Recommended,271590,32662601,Posted: 22 June,all,SquidwardTennisballs,"I played GTA V since shortly after its release, I bought it on PS3, PS4, And i bought it on PC just recently just because of the modabillity. I already beat the story mode on Ps3 and 4. So whats the point of me playing it on PC any more? They Pretty much ****** Modding, The Single Player hasn't had ANY new additions in 4 YEARS and the multiplayer has just turned into a Grinding Charlie Foxtrot for people with a lot of time to do mission after mission and the people who spend hundreds on fake cash just to get the newest Bike Club, Enterprise, or Military arms buisness and each getting exceedingly more expensive. Also if you look at the vehicles in the game, with each update the vehicles when from in vanilla being like 200,00 for a nice sporty super car to spending probably millions just trying to get the car like in the Gunrunning DLC having to spend up to 2.5 million just to have a CHANCE to buy the new cars."
76561198140039520,Not Recommended,271590,16495965,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ventricide,"I don't think anyone here can agree with the way Rockstars pushes it's limits with the way they handle a sale.They bring out their game after years and raise the price of the game right before the well known Steam Summer Sale so it remains the same with 25% off.They ""justify"" this by giving you some free in game money which runs out within an hour of normal gameplay, as it's really not all that much.Ontop of all of this the extra in game money makes it so you can NOT refund the game, how is this acceptable by anyone's standards no matter how much of a fan of Rockstar you are.Valve is being too lenient with this kind of behavior and should've frankly given Rockstar a slap on the wrist, if not a knife."
,Not Recommended,271590,32612478,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr. Lonely,"You don't own this game... You only borrow it. You cannot play this game how you want it. You will use this product the way the Parent Company of Rockstar wants you to use it. Why are you keeping us from using YOUR product that WE buy the way WE want to? A bucket is meant to hold things, but if I want to go buy a damn bucket to use as a hat the makers of the bucket won't threaten to ban me from using buckets."
,Not Recommended,271590,16323220,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mackintosh,"Disgusting, underhanded practices during the Summer Steam Sale to avoid actually having to discount the game. A deplorable, scandalous move by Rockstar. It deserves scorn and should be censured and stigmatized. While I cannot return the game having bought it a while ago, I most certainly would not buy it now."
,Not Recommended,271590,32589315,Posted: 20 June,all,Sanic,DONT BUY THIS!!BETTER U DOWNLOAD PIRATE VERSIONREAD THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!PLEASE GIVE US REFUND!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,15602625,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Philip_peras,"not worth 60 bucks. More buggier than arma 3, half the time you spend waiting on a ♥♥♥♥in level to load. I tried to do 1 heist, spent about an hour waiting on loading screens because it would either randomly kick someone or some other crap would go wrong. ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Recommended,271590,15427445,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ZemunBRE,"April 14, day when I quit my job,April 14, day when GTA 5 was released for real xDApril 14, day when I stop having xXx <3 with my wife, couse game have so much thrill !Ok now about review :Grand Theft Auto V is a spectacular third person free roaming game which does well in portraying everyone's guilty pleasures, whether that is slaughtering innocents, exploding cop cars with RPGs, murdering hookers or taking a trip to the local strip club. Grand Theft Auto has always been amongst the greatest free-roam shooters of all time, and it continues that legacy here with GTA V. The online experience and racing have been greatly improved and the story features three playable protagonists rather than the traditional one.In the story of Grand Theft Auto V, you play as three very different characters, with three different, distinctive personalities. First is Michael, a retiree from the illegitimate business of bank robbing and a family man with tons of family problems. Next is the young blood, Franklin. Straight outta the hood and looking to make a living without having to look over his shoulder every step of the way. Lastly is Trevor, the truly psychotic man with no regards for human life. Everyone that plays GTA V instinctively chooses a favorite character, whether it is Michael, because you want to see him get his family back on track, Franklin, because you want to see him create a future for himself, or Trevor, because you too enjoy killing drunken rednecks. Regardless you must play as all three, and the greatest feature that separates the campaign of Grand Theft Auto V from all others is the bank heists. Plan and execute heists, whether you choose stealthy or an all out blood bath, choose your crew which ultimately decides the payout you receive from each heist and enjoy every detail and heist you can. The story is well worth the price of buying the game, but it comes with an added bonus. GTA Online.Although GTA Online had a rocky start with several issues, it is for the most part fixed today, and a very fun experience to play with friends. In the beginning their were terrible servers, problems involving created characters being deleted and now the mission payouts being much lower than early release, and replaying them pays out even less. Along with most others, I am still awaiting for heists in multiplayer, which very well may never come, but regardless GTA Online is still fun. You still have the ability to run around and kill others, as well as civilians, but instead of that simplicity, you can now customize your character, his vehicles, and even where he lives. You earn money through online missions and other methods that helps you pay for newer vehicles, apartments, weapons and clothes. You create your own character and literally choose his skills, which you can later improve.Grand Theft Auto always has great replay value, gamers still play San Andreas and GTA IV, and of course, several thousand still play GTA V. After the story is over, you can always free roam, and when you get tired of wandering aimlessly, the multiplayer is great to play for long periods of time. Gain satisfaction improving your vehicles and purchasing a high end apartment. I only have one little note about this game, NOT FOR KIDS. Seriously, if you are even the least bit immature, or offended by violence, language or sexual content, please do not buy this game, and don't buy it for kids either. A great game but it's worth waiting for, especially if it will traumatize you, or turn you from innocent, into a kid that spews foul language.Overall a masterpiece. Rating 9.6/10Visual Rating: 10/10 Audio Rating: 10/10 Story Rating: 10/10Playability Rating: 10/10 Replay Value: 9.5/10 Multiplayer: 8/10Written by Golden members ; Epic Gunner and ZemunBREPlease do  subscribe if you liked this review there will be more to come ;)"
,Not Recommended,271590,15611682,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Meahoy Memoyay,"Game crash simulator,My pc specI7 4770K Overclocked 4.6 GHZGtx 770 4GB16 gb ram 1866Raid 0 SSd 120 x2Raid 0 HDD 1tb x2Windows 8.1Every time i load the game it crashes 10 min through playing gta 5 :/i tried many things such as updating my graphics card and also roll back my graphics driversi even declocked my cpu to 3.5 GHZi disabled and re enabled my graphics card and many more things , i cant get this game too work......"
,Recommended,271590,15384781,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dr. Darkly,"if this game ♥♥♥♥ed my wife, i wouldn't even be mad10/10"
,Recommended,271590,22484866,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,toBrethO,>Wants to play some GTA V Online>Logs In>Loading>Loading>Still Loading>Finally gets into session>Walks outside of apartment>Immediatly gets killed by flying car sent my way by modder>Finds new session>Gets spawn killed 5 times by insurgent>New session>Loading>Lost connection to Rockstar Servers>Gives up and plays story modeWould play loading screen again 10/10The story is stellar and earns my 100% reccomendation. But if you want to play online do it with friends who have the game. Otherwise you will have a terrible time with modders and toxic people in general.
76561198124189735,Not Recommended,271590,32419720,Posted: 14 June,all,Moreflight,"I spend time effot and money on gta 5 modding and then it gets banned, good job"
,Not Recommended,271590,32423875,Posted: 14 June,all,Ceezy,"Most people buy the PC version so they can use mods. Take-Two recently sent a cease and decist letter to OpenIV, effectively blocking most GTA V mods. This is an obvius attempt to make more money from GTA Online."
,Not Recommended,271590,32423876,Posted: 14 June,all,Eukelade,"This WAS a great game but is now an exploitative money pit in multiplayer and Take Two have had the audiacity to MAKE SINGLE PLAYER MODDING ILLEGAL! Unaceptable, DO NOT SUPPORT!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32438819,Posted: 15 June,all,CynicalSupreme,Modding is banned. No thanks.
,Not Recommended,271590,32436445,Posted: 15 June,all,Mr. Tea | ChallengeMe.GG,♥♥♥♥ Take-Two. Support the OpenIV team.
,Not Recommended,271590,32615265,Posted: 21 June,all,honda,Last rockstar game i buy this was the final straw....they think since they have our money they can now change the rules.....
76561198132352058,Not Recommended,271590,34526408,Posted: 27 August,all,MightDino,"I cannot believe Rockstar care so little about their players that they would just remove the money that they hard worked hard for, for no reason. If you are okay with grinding seemingly forever or buying rediculously expensive Sharkcards for a little extra in game money to then have that taken away then fine this is the game for you, however nobody wants to play a game where the developers remove your money for no reason and claim it was ""illegitimately gained"". If you are ever to contact rockstar support about any of their faults, this is the response you will get... a copy and pasted message that shows that rockstar couldnt care less and dont actually read the problems that are brought up. I would like my $6,874,990 of in game currency back that you took on this occasion for no reason, yet I know it will never happen.""Thank you for contacting Rockstar Support.Your shared bank account in GTA Online was adjusted to remove illegitimately gained in-game money. For more information please seehttps://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/articles/115008697067.Best Regards,Rockstar Support"""
76561198036380006,Not Recommended,271590,34526107,Posted: 27 August,all,S.T.A.R.S T-Virus,"They are taking away GTA$ from players now who did not get any modded or cheated cash now, I've lost 8 million that I got from selling vehicle cargo and bunker sales.Buy it only if you are intrested in the singleplayer"
,Not Recommended,271590,32420494,Posted: 14 June,all,Succ,Take Two just took my only source of enjoyment out of this game. ♥♥♥♥ take two
76561198082798639,Not Recommended,271590,32422755,Posted: 14 June,all,the medic who never heals you,"there is no rage game in the history of rage games that has ever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off as badly as this game does, pushes more content rather than focusing on making the game enjoyablenow everyone dont get me wrongthe game is beautiful and frankly that is the only reason i play it so much because the rain and the trees look nicelets be realRockstar does not listen to the community at all  there is no mechanic put in place where if you are ONE PLAYER the game will make it so that you can handle whatever task it is you have been givenlet me give you an exampleim running my operation and the game gives me THREE PLANES with FIVE packages each and i have to deliver them but HEY im one player so i can only take one at a time and leave the other 2 behind well SUPRISE SUPRISE some jackass destroys the other two planes and i lose money THANKS ROCKSTAR great goddamn design you got there -_- also you cant run operations in passive mode like what the hell why not!? your always in competition with someone WHY you cant just run your buissness and just play your own way COOL great wonder why the recent 60 plus thousand reviews have been mostly negative(at the time this review has been written dont get me wrong that can change)i have neeeeeeeeever seen a game thats supposed to be triple A quality so inconveniently designed.....and its a grand theft auto game and i remember the previouse grand theft auto games being funny and an absolute joy to play not really for the violence alone but for the humor that previouse games had and the flare of it allit just isnt fun to play its down right irritating to play and i honestly prefer plugging in my good old playstation 2 and playing grand theft auto san andreas or vice city over this"
76561198068250291,Not Recommended,271590,32595688,Posted: 20 June,all,JazzyGaz,"With the way the updates have been going for this game, I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429934,Posted: 15 June,all,Commander of Pie,"Nothing says fun like people in fighter jets blowing up your car every 10 seconds, hackers stealing your guns so you have to buy them again, said hackers giving you money that ends up banning you out of no fault of your own, having to do heists over and over just to afford the most basic stuff, peer-to-peer servers where people can steal your IP and becomes unplayable as soon as some bloke in bum ♥♥♥♥ egypt joins and last but not leastmodding the game even in single player is now a criminal offence for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason!The only good thing about this game is the single player but you would be better off pirating it so that the money you save from not buying this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥can go to a charity and not to a bunch of greedy ♥♥♥♥s who give 0 ♥♥♥♥♥ about you, their customers or their game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32640537,Posted: 22 June,all,Primus,Screw you Take TwoWe want our modsSign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
76561198006065974,Not Recommended,271590,32588133,Posted: 20 June,all,Vegemus,Take Two have just become so greedy for money they couldn't care about the fan base or community that plays thier game.
76561198175480171,Not Recommended,271590,32633061,Posted: 21 June,all,CPthree0,"You know why I'm here, ♥♥♥♥ off with your anti modding and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse for why you did it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32616172,Posted: 21 June,all,Jul.i.an,"Paid hard cash for this game for the sake of a nostalgia trip. Yet here I am unable to purchase anything online as the prices are just ridiculous. At the start it was fun and competitive but now it's pay2win on top of a full price game. You will have a hard time getting anywhere or having a good time if you aren't willing to sink even more cash into this wishing well of empty promises.Banning mods was the straw that pushed me to writing this review. I haven't personally tried them but I was hoping to soon and know plenty of people who have put literal years of time and effort into them for nothing but the amusement of the community (and most probably many of the Rockstar and Take-Two staff themselves).Tl;dr this game has been hanging on for a good while, noobs have no hope of doing anything online without spending mad $$$, only thing keeping it alive were mods but now they're gone I don't think I will have a reason for booting up again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32460461,Posted: 15 June,all,WIZ GOD,"How is it that cheat tools dont get taken to court WHEN PEOPLE PAY MONEY FOR THEM but a free MOD TOOL that increase your games revenue and popularity get taken to court.... On behalf of you taking TakeTwo to court ♥♥♥♥ you and ♥♥♥♥ your game  :/#PRAYFOROPEN IV#Sincerly,A fellow Modder and ex Rockstar supporter...."
,Not Recommended,271590,34687944,Posted: 2 September,all,Wiggles,You have to purchase a Shark Card™ to gain access to this Review.
,Not Recommended,271590,34641294,Posted: 31 August,all,Recpal,Grinded for hundreds of hours to have rockstar take away my money and threaten to ban me if I sent in more support tickets ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561197990214636,Not Recommended,271590,32472293,Posted: 16 June,all,Keith,Why would you ban mods?
,Not Recommended,271590,32636164,Posted: 22 June,all,lil ruby vertigo,"Now it may seem like im hopping onto a bandwagon here, but I truly dont recommend this game to people who haven't played it in its earlier stages, or back on console. The game is deeply flawed in several ways that only complete overhaul would fix.Unless you plan on grinding for weeks, dont expect to get any of the higher tier commodities. But hey, if you're down for microtransactions you can buy $20 worth of virtual cash that wont even cover half of the price for some of the newer additions to the lineup of ridiculously overpriced luxuries. Missions quickly become stale and stressful, and while heists are a way to swoon you into thinking that you'll be able to fund so many ill minded activities, they usually end up being a carnival of salt for you and your friends the third time you fail the heist due to some aspect that requires ridiculous amounts of experience in the game.Rockstar truly ♥♥♥♥ed themselves with this whole anti-modding philosophy as well. It isn't negative in any way, shape, or form yet people get the worst sorts of backlash for things they had no control over. Hell, people who even got their gains ""legally"" ended up getting characters reset, with the usual no response after explaining that they weren't hacking. Even with this system in place, exploiters run rampid in nearly every online server, and the only way you are truly, 100% safe is through the single player. Which, by the way, has been absurdly watered down thanks to the folks down at Take-Two deciding that OpenIV didn't deserve to be a part of their game, even though it was a down right improvement.To recap, across three systems I have well over 2k hours in this game. I was expecting a different experience on PC but just found the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a fuller experience when it came to the modding community. The game was fun with friends while it lasted, but after a few months of play it becomes stale and obsolete. There really isn't much to do in Los Santos, and even with the addition of SecuroServ, and even the gunrunning update, the place still remains a barren wasteland. If you have enough friends, then maybe you can make something worthwhile of a memory.But then you have the community. The community is one of the worst in any online game I've ever seen. I have seen so many toxic players, people who take the game waaaay too seriously, and those who abuse the power they can receive through higher cost goods that most players dont have access to. Back in the beginning, the only thing you had to worry about was if someone had a tank, and that wasn't a common sight. Then the insurgent came out. Then the Hydra. Now three, nearly four years later we see ourselves with vehicles like the Oppressor and the APC, which were complete ♥♥♥♥ing mistakes to introduce to a community like the one that GTA Online harbors.So yeah. While I have fun with this game on the off occasion, I usually find myself cycling through the same motions to fulfill the braindead quests, killing people over and over again to send a message of some sort over a game where you can basically pay to win, and dealing with the same, all blacked out characters that will gat you down if you come within a mile radius of them with you and your friends.I really hope you can fix some of this in GTA VI, Rockstar. But I get the strong feeling that you won't."
,Not Recommended,271590,35186515,Posted: 24 September,all,✪ Ikaros{Gabe},"After 3+ years of playing GTA V on both Xbox and PC, and putting in hundreds of hours into the game, Rockstar unfairly banned my account for using mods on singleplayer and reset all of my character progress. I had to grind and grind to make money because Rockstar wants players to buy their vastly overpriced Shark Cards, and I, along with other people with high cash balances, was unjustly banned and lost it all.Support tickets I submitted were ignored and met with the same copy-and-paste responses repeating their ban policy. After this ordeal I am probably never going to buy another Rockstar-affiliated product. They don't care about their players or customers. They only want to make money."
,Not Recommended,271590,34613553,Posted: 30 August,all,Niw,"Spent most of my hours in GTA Online, and I used to love it. But Rockstar has basically turned this into a free to play game. The prices in GTA online are ridiculous, the payouts even worse. On top of that they dripfeed their content and keeping the most overpowered things for last so people are forced to buy shark cards. Rockstar is screwing over all of their customers and is only interested in shark card sales. Really disappointed, and a massive thumbs down for the complete free-to-play-grind trash that GTA Online has turned into."
,Not Recommended,271590,34619141,Posted: 30 August,all,Oberon The Sleeping King,"If you buy it for story - yes, If you want online expirience - you will grind all your life to get stuff, you'll be screwed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ anticheat and lose your gains. But best of these is Support - it is complete trash filled with bots, no one will care if it was mistake or not."
,Not Recommended,271590,20226322,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,aeka,"So, first :Yep it's a great game. And we're waiting him on PC, since a long time.Driving in this game was one of my favorite activity.Playing Online with friends can be really good.BUTDon't trust Rockstar Support. NEVER. They won't, and will NEVER help you.You get annoyed by some cheater? They don't give a ♥♥♥♥. All they want it's your wallet. Nothing else.So, my opinion : Yes this game is great, yes you can have fun with. But, for the love of yourself, play an another game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32548288,Posted: 18 June,all,TurretCorruption.exe,"Im torn on this, really I am. I love how open ended the game is, but the singleplayer protagonists are just horribly bland and unlikable. Online is a cluster♥♥♥♥ and now take two interactive, the parent company of Rockstar banned what is essentially the game's biggest redeeming factor. I should clarify that this is not Rockstar's fault, this is their parent company being a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing scumbags. rip gta v."
,Not Recommended,271590,22021964,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Biggoron,"As if Rockstar hasn't gotten enough money, it's not like your purchase will matter, but go ahead, buy the game, unless you want a reason not too - read below.I want to give this game a positive review, I really do, I just can't.  I got the game on release (Console) and I played it so much I'm pretty sure I lost a few braincells, and back then it was great, It still is great! It's just the online that's a problem, I recommend only getting this game for Single Player and modding.Do not, I repeat do not get this game in hopes of having a fun time online you will not have fun.Well, why is online a problem?- The game is riddled with ""hackers""- The community is mostly 8 year olds looking to harvest souls.- 8 year old ""hackers"" are the worst.- We call them hackers, but they are simply people who look up a tutorial on youtube: ""HOW TO HACK GTAV""- Hacks on GTA V are not hacks, you install them just like you would install a mod, it's too simple- Why don't I install them? BECAUSE IM NO CHEATER YOU GET THE GAME AND INSTALL THEM.You can hop onto a game, in hopes of driving around and having a good time, but the next thing you know you are being attacked. What do you do? You fight back of course! No matter how many times you try, you can't seem to fight back, you use rocket launchers, sticky bombs, grenades, miniguns, nothing works! You begin to have some skepticism,""huh this person could be hacking..."" - Person pulls up to you, ""Okay, let's find out.""- You are instantly set ablaze for no reason.- You get caged, yes like an animal...- You explain how you are not the right one to mess with, (you won't complain like most people.)- Hacker is 8 years old; they give the (-_-) face in reply.- Hackers attention spans are that of geese, and they leave you alone.- Except for the fact that they leave a trail of fire blazing behind you during the rest of your stay.- You get all hot and bothered and go play Sniper Elite 3, and then write a bad review."
,Not Recommended,271590,32961266,Posted: 28 June,all,AceofGames,Three words: BRING BACK MODS
,Not Recommended,271590,15622190,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Seaver33,"""Failed to load Zlib"".  Get used to this error, if you want to play more than 10 minutes at a time.  I've reinstalled THREE times and ""Verified integrity of game cache"" about 8 times and still this game crashes every time I try to play.  I've run MD5 and done checksum on each of the 20 something files and, still, nothing but my good ol' buddy Zlib.  I just want a refund, now.Apparently, the games industry believes it's fine to sell a broken product, blame the end user and then hide behind the refund-proof shield of ""no refunds because piracy"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  If your product doesn't work, it's not my fault and I shouldn't be the one to have to try and fix it.The game is good, for the few minutes I could play it, but it's not even REMOTELY worth the hassle and frustration that I've had to deal with trying to do that.   Steam has handled this terribly.  I absolutely love how the Steam ""support"" has no way to contact them about a game that is broken.  Classy, guys.  Keep it up.Update: the most recent patch has seemingly resolved this issue and I've been able to play without any crashing today.  I hate that this is the norm, however.  It took them two weeks to fix what should have been properly tested before launch.  I am happy it's fixed and the game is very good.  4 out of 5."
,Not Recommended,271590,32667208,Posted: 22 June,all,MVPDORITOS,"Heard that Take Two killed modding, how much more money do you want to ♥♥♥♥♥ out of this crappy game?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32532304,Posted: 18 June,all,ThePrequ,(n)
,Not Recommended,271590,32536372,Posted: 18 June,all,V U L P I N E,"I once respected Rockstar. Though I always had fears of TakeTwo.Now I'm sad to see that those fears have been fully realised. As a programmer and modder myself. ♥♥♥♥ you. You killed OpenIV but scripthook still runs rampant. OpenIV was mostly SP. Nothing to do with multiplatyer. Some jackass didn't do their research before firing off that cease and desist. You shot yourself in the foot serveral times over trying to destroy modding. A community which has existed within the GTA scene for decades. Yet what, You just suddenly decide to try to bully modders into non-existence? Rockstar claims this isn't their fault. In technicality it isn't Unfortunately they have to act under TakeTwo as T2 Owns RockStar. I'm absolutely disgusted in the decisions and actions of TakeTwo as a whole. All I'm saying is they better leave KSP alone."
,Not Recommended,271590,32605736,Posted: 20 June,all,Big Benji,"The sharkcards are tempting but it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t microtransaction that's trying to trick you to buy because jobs pay♥♥♥♥♥♥and its a complete grindfest, and all the items are overpriced. Also ♥♥♥♥ Take Two for ruining the game."
76561198307095085,Not Recommended,271590,32642917,Posted: 22 June,all,reshawn98,#BRINGBACKMODS
,Recommended,271590,29605945,Posted: 31 January,all,ngbthang,"Maybe no one gives a sh-t about this but R.I.P Jonny, my favorite GTA protagonist.""Brothers for life, Lost forever."""
,Not Recommended,271590,32630575,Posted: 21 June,all,Costel,Way to ruin the only thing that keeps this game going. RIP OpenIV
76561198149404775,Not Recommended,271590,32605062,Posted: 20 June,all,daz,no mode no play
,Not Recommended,271590,32605049,Posted: 20 June,all,geZin,"No mods, No game.♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32772867,Posted: 25 June,all,Mr. Bones,"BUYER BEWARE ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE TEMPTED BECAUSE OF THE SALE!Last night I was caught up in the ban tsunami that hit online. I had money injected directly into my bank account by a modder two months ago and instead of adjusting my account, I was banned and had my characters wiped. The support system is useless and the only thing they stand 100% firm on is BANS ARE FINALE, NO DISPUTING.If you're going to buy this game for single player, it's great. If you're going to play online, steer clear. The online environment is still flush with script kiddies that will make the game hell for you. I cannot state this enough... they say in their own KB article about unwanted modded money that they will not ban you, just adjust your account. From what I've seen, this seems to be about 50/50. Some get adjusted, some get banned.According to my stats, before the ban I got last night, I was: 42.4 hrs last two weeks / 4,108.9 hrs on record. And that is where it will stay as I am not going to come back in 30 days to start all the way over. My relationship with R* and T2 is officially over.Spend your cash elsewhere and with a company that actually takes cheating issues seriously and has some kind of decent support system."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434482,Posted: 15 June,all,Vincentor,"Extreme but inconsistent anti modding policies, the singleplayer used to be fine but now it's not, after modding GTA was deemed ILLEGAL. And if you acquired money by buying shark cards, you'll still have your money reset because they don't check whether your money is legitimate or not, essentially making it a scam.I'm sorry rockstar but you really need to shake take two interactive off your tail.Mods for singleplayer are back after openiv returned, however this doesn't mean that the boycotting should discontinue."
,Not Recommended,271590,32822920,Posted: 26 June,all,digitalbarrito®™,"Rockstar/Take Two, it would be fantastic if you weren't money hungry anti-consumerists. Stop ♥♥♥♥ing with mods, stop artificially limiting money in your online economy, stop selling shark cards as a way to bleed your customers dry. You have one of the best selling games of all time, I'm sure you've made enough money to allow your players to actually enjoy the game they paid for. Also thanks for taking all of my money in Online, and leaving me with just enough to go **** myself."
,Recommended,271590,24839054,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ypikaye,9.5/10
76561198342780371,Not Recommended,271590,32588282,Posted: 20 June,all,cas1.denteneer,Game was awesome until they banned modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32817959,Posted: 26 June,all,verse,"Only just bought the game, played for 9 hours banned for no reason for 30 days with no reason, Rockstar is a joke and so is the ticket system. ban mods ban player for no reason smh."
76561198199385434,Not Recommended,271590,32574422,Posted: 19 June,all,Shgrdy,"Take2 Officially Banned OpenIV !!This is ridiculous you pay 60$ for a game let us do what we want with it we buy the game it's our game we can do what we want with it﻿I was gonna buy gta 5 on pc just because of the modding , I guess I'm DONE with Rockstar because if I can't play GTA5 the way we've been able to do it then I'm not interested in ANYTHING they have to offer.#saveopeniv﻿"
76561198132391094,Not Recommended,271590,34877322,Posted: 10 September,all,Sexhaver69,stole 2 million from me...*uninstall*
,Not Recommended,271590,18874223,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,lafaman,"wow no more mods game is boringGTA Online is just♥♥♥♥♥♥and boring af♥♥♥♥ this game, its now just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥nothing to do"
,Not Recommended,271590,32484891,Posted: 16 June,all,Jakyrian,Modding support out the window? Yeah big negative for me
76561197972427345,Not Recommended,271590,32659101,Posted: 22 June,all,Chuxies420,RIP Open IV
,Not Recommended,271590,32642982,Posted: 22 June,all,Nifsti,"No modding, no point."
76561197973312664,Not Recommended,271590,32698380,Posted: 23 June,all,mpdt,Banned Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32566265,Posted: 19 June,all,Exphana,"I really like this game, but I'm not a big fan of TakeTwo."
,Not Recommended,271590,15678318,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SSEEEESSSSS,"accounts get hijacked because these greedy multi milionaires can't protect databases rightcontacts support""pls gib us your first name, last name, adress, age, bank code, the name of your first cat, your skin color, your hair color, a pic of your genitals, your phone number, your email adress and all the data your hard drive contains. once you've retrieved your account, all of your stats will be reset to 0.""but that's not it :gets banned from GTA online because using a FOV mod to get past the 30° limit is illegal, even in SPcontacts support""nope, chuck testa, you're violating our ToS here, you're faulty, you're the one that should go to prison""11/10 would preorder again[/rant]"
,Not Recommended,271590,29577085,Posted: 29 January,all,byteframe,"Bought it @ 30$. Had to reinstall Windows to get social club adware DRM to install (-rep). Game takes about 5 minutes from starting in steam to being able to play.Completely overwhelming, frustrating, and confusing.You will be bombarded with countless tutorial popups in the corner of the screen until they stop, at which point you'll be left on your own without any idea of what your supposed to do or how to do it, even if you can think of a task for yourself.Do you just putter around and collect cash?I wanted to look as poor and plain as possible, and selected the office worker suit, and a station wagon. Game then made me purchase new clothes, and I couldn't for the life of me get back to the default outfit. I keep losing my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ station wagon, and respawning in the boonies, etc etc.I mean, clearly it's a good game, and it entertained alot of people. It's its own world, and the production values are incredible, but like me, you missed the boat, and purchased it too late to justify the price. I quess get it on sale during the summer, and which point it will be another half year old. tr;dr I'll start this game up, end up driving around in circles, and quitting. That's 5 minutes to load, followed by 25 minutes of clueless wondering. This could be the case for alot of people. I wish I could transfer this title to someone who will enjoy it.Like, have I become too stupid to play computer games? Honestly, I think I have. I can't follow tutorials, I get unjustifiably infuriated by uninterruptible cut scenes. I can no longer deal with complex key mappings. I lose interest within minutes and games get uninstalled without much (or any) playtime. I play games in window mode without sound (too stimulating), so I can literally stare at stale browser window or have old television playing as as kind of white noise to drone me out. Stop giving me choices. Games like GTAV or Dota2 look like rocket science to me. I'm either suffering from some form of early onset brain decay, or I otherwise didn't know I had completely lost interest. Should have just bought 30$ worth of cards."
76561198255785930,Not Recommended,271590,32792456,Posted: 25 June,all,CHILD LOVER 51,support the mods
76561198037304942,Not Recommended,271590,32590575,Posted: 20 June,all,Turnip,"Take Two are showing they have zero regard for the people actually playing the game, time and again overpriced ingame DLC and pointless grinds to try and shift their shark cards. Combined with taking action against single player mods means a negative review is inevitable. The game is great, but Take Two should go to hell."
76561198081154494,Not Recommended,271590,16425525,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Buy A SpoochInTime,Bought the game for $60 to play online with friends. Now the game is $80 because Rockstar is run by scumbags. Don't buy it.EDIT:Even more reason not to get it now. Rockstar sent a massive ♥♥♥♥ you to fans and is now not allowing people to mod singleplayer. Never buying another Rockstar game in my life. And this is coming from someone who bought this game twice.
,Not Recommended,271590,32593928,Posted: 20 June,all,Glue,They got rid of modding ♥♥♥♥ ROCKSTAR!!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32591640,Posted: 20 June,all,POLYBIUS,Get ♥♥♥♥ed
,Not Recommended,271590,32563801,Posted: 19 June,all,CJ,No comment needed
,Not Recommended,271590,32587339,Posted: 20 June,all,✝ ƔIҞI几𐌾 ✝,no mods♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32632198,Posted: 21 June,all,Sid,Just following the boicot :D
,Not Recommended,271590,16361994,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,InCryosleep,"Shady buisness practice durring sale, charging a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount for digital money while making everything in game cost way too much and missions earn verry little money. always online drm ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
76561197972425994,Not Recommended,271590,16393471,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,darkjon64,"This ""sale"" is an illegal business practice in Canada. The game is tagged at $89.98 and ""on sale"" for 25% off at $67.48, when the full price before the sale was $69.99. Google ""False or Misleading Ordinary Selling Price Representations"" and look for the government of Canada overview. What Rockstar is pulling here carries a penalty of $10,000,000."
,Not Recommended,271590,16427711,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Memory_Foam,Grand Theft Auto V is an amazing game! But changing the game price to 79.99 before the steam summer sale and discounting it at 25% puts it back at 59.99. They also throw in a free shark card... ＷＨＩＣＨ ＭＥＡＮＳ ＹＯＵ ＣＡＮ'Ｔ ＲＥＦＵＮＤ ＴＨＥ ＧＡＭＥ.
,Not Recommended,271590,32621588,Posted: 21 June,all,Turbo Killer,Pointless to say why right?
76561198066090679,Not Recommended,271590,23445825,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,-=(DoD)=-Jurgen,"As of June 7th 2016 the release date of the finance and felony update i can't recommend this game. It's having server issues and lots of bugs. Rockstar has a serious problem of not buying enough servers which causes the game to overload and not everyone can play at the same time. Typically this happens when it releases Xbox 360, Xbox One and on PC I can only speak for those systems because those are the only ones I played on. Rockstar will release a big update every once in a while and everyone gets excited and wants to play which also causes this overload on the servers. I'm sick of it, the top selling game of all time can afford some more server come on Rockstar get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.I was trying out the new update in which you collect cargo and sell it so i was selling the cargo and I didn't get any money due to a Rockstar server error something about my transaction couldn't be processed. So i decided to help out my buddy and we tested a small delivery and it worked for him. We got the great idea to stockpile about $450,000 of cargo in his wearhouse which took many hours of tedious driving and all the while I was getting money for being his associate. He said lets just sell all this off and get it over with so we did and he got nothing I got only $10,000 for delivering it. So my buddy ended up getting the transaction error and got nothing and spent lots of money on these contracts, getting the cops to turn a blind eye and making us dissapear off the radar. He basically lost $550,000-$600,000. So this game as it is right now at this moment isn't even worth $10 let alone what they charge on steam. I will continue to play this game I have been playing it since it released on the xbox 360 and I love it but as it is right now don't bother buying it."
76561198043219952,Not Recommended,271590,32639536,Posted: 22 June,all,skidils,game is a money grabbing peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥filled with bugsmy game keeps crashing at startpayed 60 euros for this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32674217,Posted: 23 June,all,Ðeflector,"Yea, mods menu using assbags' number is growing and I don't see they are banned. Oh I know, istead of them, banned are innocent people who use recording or voice (Discord) programs. Rockstar seems don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and Take Two, who I guess never played GTA5:O because they have no idea waht's going on, banned OpenIV which is not related with online modding and you can't mod even singleplayer for now. Yea, yea, nice policys, you....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,16405013,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mr. Blue,You kep using the world sale. I don't think that means what you think it means Rockstar.Some shady crap you're trying to pull.
,Not Recommended,271590,16317978,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Smiler,Rockstar is a bunch of con artists.
,Not Recommended,271590,32660607,Posted: 22 June,all,Happy Bee,"This is the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals. Terrible, just terrible."
,Not Recommended,271590,32546600,Posted: 18 June,all,SiegeBro,This must be the work of an enemy stando!
76561198015637366,Not Recommended,271590,32659022,Posted: 22 June,all,S3raph,Take two is pulling a fast one. No mods = no support
76561198171200527,Not Recommended,271590,32581368,Posted: 19 June,all,YOUTUBE: MGT Troop,cant use mods on single player anymore because of stupid ♥♥♥♥ing take two
76561198080872748,Not Recommended,271590,32622548,Posted: 21 June,all,MR.MEGA,payed $60 for the game and it sucks would not buy again.
76561198155638648,Not Recommended,271590,32618567,Posted: 21 June,all,Instagator123,"If you were thinking about buying this game, forget about it. There were some very fun mods in this game, and T2 ust ruined it all. ScriptHookV is not going to be updated, and that was the only way that mods were able to be used. Until mods are not illegal, I do not recommend this game. Also, you do illegal stuff in this game all the time such as stealing a tank from the military. You gonna ban that too? If you already have the game, I *kind of* still recommend playing it, but it will not be nearly as much fun as it was with ScriptHookV."
,Not Recommended,271590,28233583,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,PapíDimmi,"Rockstar is such an awful company.They release their games on console first, so people buy them on console, and then they release it on PC about a year later so that people who prefer PC buy itagain, this time on PC.During the summer sale of 2015, Rockstar completely removed the regular version of GTA V from the Steam store and replaced it with an expensive bundle that contained GTA V and a GTA Online credit card. This meant that people who wanted to buy GTA V on sale didn’t actually get a discount, since the game was much more expensive than normal with the useless credit card. People who don’t want to waste money on GTA Online had to buy the bundle anyway. That was truly a d*ck move by Rockstar.They don’t like singleplayer modding. Take Two Interactive recently shut down OpenIV.Rockstar’s customer support is garbage.They release a bunch of crap for GTA Online instead of updating and releasing DLC for GTA V’s story mode. GTA Online credit cards are too expensive, and they barely do anything about cheaters.GTA V is a good game (aside from GTA Online, which is a terrible cash grab), but Rockstar is a terrible company."
,Not Recommended,271590,32792476,Posted: 25 June,all,Nimex,you ruined the game for the people who would have played it the mostgreat job/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32496281,Posted: 17 June,all,Kapo,CmonBruh
,Not Recommended,271590,32559876,Posted: 19 June,all,(ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ  ☠,Banning OpenIV in single player but not banning hackers during online play... k
76561198097470405,Not Recommended,271590,32678211,Posted: 23 June,all,Boulenaz,Keen not to buy Red Dead now because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t move you pulled on OpenIV. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,16432256,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SAD Zatch,"Rockstar's greedy fingers take hold, and no one will ever forgive them. 0/10."
,Not Recommended,271590,23432076,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cocainum,"Load the game for 2 centuries. Get into a game and get trapped and killed by modders. Decide to play online race, get stuck on a loading screen for another 12 centuries. Get kicked back to singleplayer. Load online and wait 493 centuries. Modders kill. Load Race. Stuck loading screen. Singleplayer. Online. Killed. Race. Stuck."
76561198081533388,Not Recommended,271590,32571527,Posted: 19 June,all,Johnny,DONT ♥♥♥♥ WITH MODDING YOU MONEY HUNGRY ♥♥♥♥ NUGGETS
76561198167368543,Not Recommended,271590,32258455,Posted: 7 June,all,Inteser,rockstar let hackers take over and ban non hackers
,Not Recommended,271590,32449198,Posted: 15 June,all,Krynex,"Cannot belive how money hungry, greedy and selfish TakeTwo are. They've banned modding from the game, a huge part of the game and community. They♥♥♥♥♥♥on us. Can't believe this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32662524,Posted: 22 June,all,FugurPrae,"1. Gets rid of modding2. Makes it so you have to re-install to play mp3. Still cant play multiplayer after re-install because of ""Altered Game Files"" Even though its a fresh install0/10 Never buy this game"
,Not Recommended,271590,16475098,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Birdy,"Saying theres a sale and instead they increase the price by adding virtual money and then saying 25% off. Poor sales tatic, almost as autistic as the cheater filled playerbase.This game roles out updates that are decent, but it seems rockstar are too stupid to be able to prioritise on bugs and issues instead of creating more content which in turn opens up more problems.The online servers are run rampant with cheaters, and nothing is being done to stop them, there is no major incentive to attempt to get these individuals banned;They dont get sufficent punishment, usually only a month or so in a cheater lobby,Support takes a long time to act on any type of reports made by the playerbase,Its a crying shame I cannot refund this game, it has gotten to the point where I have lost all faith in rockstar, their product would serve much better on EA's origin with the rest of the ignorant producers and ruined games."
,Not Recommended,271590,32600903,Posted: 20 June,all,AtticusRoss,"GTA V was alright when it first came out, but now since you can't play the campiagn with mods then what's the point of playing. Like Take Two must not actually play the game if they thought removing mods and banning players that use them was a smart move. I mean if you want to lose a fanbase and make dumb moves then pump out games like Ubisoft and the makers of COD do every year or if you just want to stop making games then become Bethesda. They could use some help with doing a remake of Skyrim, but maybe you are even lower than that. Maybe you are pulling a Valve right now, they do not make games nor do they care about their fanbase all they care about is how much money they can make with their broken and aging games. But to be honest all game makers have been dropping the ball when it comes to making ""Finished"" games and mods created by the community is the lifeblood for any game. Taking away the ability make mods for an unpolished game is a slap in the face for the community and causes a lot of anguish for those that took many hours to make a mod. But why would any gamer maker care, they aren't gamers so they couldn't possibly understand. And if you think I am wrong then why am I having to make this response. So here's my advice take time and make a game right the first time around instead of hiding the issues with patches or DLC."
76561198075461132,Not Recommended,271590,15687807,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[GER] tonib44,"Rockstar is banning people left and right for using stuff like fov mod, even in single player"
,Not Recommended,271590,32419356,Posted: 14 June,all,RedBeardedT,"Take-Two made GTAV modding ILLEGAL. The only reason I still played GTAV. SO f∪ck you, I'll never buy another game from them ever again.http://gtaforums.com/topic/889348-openiv/List of Take-Two games:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Take-Two_Interactive_video_games"
,Not Recommended,271590,32439268,Posted: 15 June,all,DarkLiberator,I'm giving this a negative because of how ridiculous Take Two is acting in regard with the modding scene.
,Not Recommended,271590,32418834,Posted: 14 June,all,FtDLulz,"Mods are illegal now? Come on, Take Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32605710,Posted: 20 June,all,Igor Poderoso,No mods no fun basically
,Not Recommended,271590,32431031,Posted: 15 June,all,Jazz Kampfer,"Sadly, the latest update, even if it added nice things to the game,It also made things way too expensive to get.You can try to grind for the money, but it wil take you a lifetime to get something like 3 million or so.Since every mission you play doesn't realy pay well, it made this game's economy unbalanced, forcing you to spend insane amounts of cash for just one item, by doing 200 job missions and get sometimes paying only 15.000 GTA$And honestly, would you play longer than 24/7 and do a million jobs to finaly get that 2 million dollars,only to use it on one car you thought was the best untill the next update comes, making you start the grinding All OVER?And you could try to roam around on public lobbies,but you wil be shot by every player that easily got a tank or a jet from modded money.Also, Remember!Take 2 Interactive Wants You To play Online...Even if they got no idea what's going on in the whole game community,and how to stop online modders without banning players,who happened to be in the same lobby with the modder by accident.That's what you get with an ""peer to Peer""gameAnd please don't bother with Shark Cards,You're Buying a product that's way too expensive than it's worth to you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32492815,Posted: 16 June,all,flowermouth,rip modding
76561198046686701,Not Recommended,271590,32437916,Posted: 15 June,all,A-tonimiser,You messed up...Bring back modding.Avoid the bad rep.
76561198355232018,Not Recommended,271590,32638563,Posted: 22 June,all,redwine3000,Take 2 Entertainment U can Eat SH*T You greedy Ungr8ful Lot
,Not Recommended,271590,32438821,Posted: 15 June,all,Sora,RIP Mods. Will be missed ;(
,Not Recommended,271590,32419263,Posted: 14 June,all,Brownie,♥♥♥♥ Take Two.
76561198014538305,Not Recommended,271590,32438752,Posted: 15 June,all,Gooz,"Take Two interactive and Rockstar need to be aware that the consumer doesn't support their decision to effectively eliminate free mods to the single player mode of GTA.Mods such as OpenIV were not used for malicious hacking or to cheat the online system set in place to keep a fair and balanced experience, They were solely single player based and added endless repeatability to a perfect sandbox game. Tired of playing Golf as middle aged Michael? Why not become the Dovahkiin  and shout the residents of Los Santos to death instead, whilst driving a mobility scooter? Well sadly you can""t anymoreRockstar has the audacity to sell this game 3 times to consumers who they know will pay (if you wanted to mod it was released on pc approx. 2 years after original release) and then assume they can just attempt to milk us for more money by pushing us to play multiplayer and buy microtransactions because we're bored of a boring vanilla single player where you csnt even RESTORE THE CARS YOU BUY IF YOU CRASH THEM.Don't bite the mouth that feeds you Rock star"
,Not Recommended,271590,32425240,Posted: 14 June,all,Khaos II,Take Two?Screw you.
,Not Recommended,271590,34682508,Posted: 2 September,all,Lorien,"Offline:good story, can recommend.Online:game of loading screens.heists are terrible as you need 4 people and if one person leaves, the whole game setup needs to be redone (loading screens all over again).requires lots of patience.community is mostly salty.hackers are a daily problem."
,Recommended,271590,25987452,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,LombaXShade,"So far as i've Tried that game out its worth the money,Great GTA Game of all time has a lot of options to do same as San Andreas has and even more so....Basically its the new Generation of San Andreas but with more future options and a lot of fun you can have with friends or solo.Play as 3 Protagonist and their own storyline and the Online World is really hugh and has a lot of enjoyment to give..Great Game to pass time with absolutley 100% worthy.Rate 10/10"
76561198289105508,Not Recommended,271590,32555063,Posted: 18 June,all,Vulpix_alt,This game was good untill about a couple of days ago now its basically♥♥♥♥♥♥because they dont update story mode and you cant mod the game because take-2 is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32475944,Posted: 16 June,all,vibe903,I am totally in shock at Take Two and this bullying of modders. I can no longer support them and will advise everyone I know to never support any game from this company. Take Two just took a dump on the entire modding community.
,Not Recommended,271590,32570398,Posted: 19 June,all,Frostbyte12321,Open IV people didn't deserve the stuff TakeTwo is putting them through.
,Not Recommended,271590,29772788,Posted: 7 February,all,Mayara,"No Real Online Multiplayer to really speak of unless you want to deal with the rampant cheating that you see. Heists are unplayable unless you want to do what most do and grind one for a exploit to get more money faster. And everything to do activity wise (ceo-heists-etc) require millions spent to unlock them that you really cant make off heists. Only ways to get what you would want in this game is to either hope you have a group of 4 that can play regularly and do heists or use their micropayment ""shark cards"". Overall the singleplayer is nice. But the online play is rubbish with rockstar not really giving a damn to fix it."
76561198102131681,Not Recommended,271590,32616236,Posted: 21 June,all,Laingy999,Take2 killed moding on GTA 51.BAN modding like WTF?2.Release super expensive DLC3.Expensive sharkcard only can buy few thing4.Rockstar is being greedy
76561198126828149,Not Recommended,271590,32616237,Posted: 21 June,all,ferrismick,"enjoyed this game thoroughly since buying it last year. Never played Online as I didn't want to. I enjoyed playing the game with Script Hook using the Flash mods.  My modding didn't hurt anyone, but provided me with hours of gaming enjoyment. #BOYCOTTTAKETWO and #BOYCOTTROCKSTARGAMES by extension.   Congratulations on alienating most of your fans... Funny how your reviews have gone to 'overwhelmingly negative' since Take Two's announcement.  Have fun in the dustbin of history."
,Not Recommended,271590,32686966,Posted: 23 June,all,ＥＴ,"boring game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs."
,Not Recommended,271590,32498294,Posted: 17 June,all,3xlneet #ScrapTF,"Coming soon: Paid modsSeriously though, disabling mods will only shorten it's lifespan and make less people interested on it."
,Not Recommended,271590,27340328,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,STRmods,"Many thanks to Take-Two for shutting down the creative community!Modding is what makes GTA on PC great, with the endless amount of creativity and possibilities from modding. Which for many is the sole reason to buy GTA on PC.RIP OpenIV and RIP GTA modding."
76561198024688998,Not Recommended,271590,32432936,Posted: 15 June,all,Drew,banning modding...
,Not Recommended,271590,32437806,Posted: 15 June,all,chinki-chan,More like Take 2 much money
,Not Recommended,271590,30101203,Posted: 22 February,all,Benunzee,"Great game, but terrible support with Bans. I got banned for 30 days and Character Reset because someone teleported to me and dropped money on me."
,Not Recommended,271590,32579403,Posted: 19 June,all,Caelum Black,T2 can go **** itself with all the sharkcard whoring and mod banning bull****
,Not Recommended,271590,28879818,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Vodka Sniper,"Positives:-Nice game to F off with your friends-Okay story-Awesome online minigames-Awesome and Funny momments-really cool driving mechanics (ex: wet roads = slippery)Negatives:-Hackers, hackers ******* everywhere-Horrific banning policy due to hackers (ex: hackers dropped hacked money on someone that doesnt want it, boom, victim gets banned for X months and has character reset)-Nothing being done to prevent hackers running rampent-Horrible graphics (virtually no anti-alising, v-sync = trash, CPU usage:graphical/frames result=trash)-Horrible company with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ / Money ******** practices (develops games for consoles and ramps up for pc's instead of developing on pc's and dumbling down for consoles)-Stupid lobbing system forces you to play w/ other players instead of playing w/ friends-Absoutely atrocious support team that has to be contacted fdrequently due to hackersIn all, this game is fun, i just wish it was developed by a different compay that actually cares about their games, as it is quite evident that Rockstar does not care about the maitnence of their games and their fans satisfaction ratings. Instead of catering to the fans needs, they dropped another DLC to fill their coffers at the expense of game matnience. Rockstar is like my ex girlfriend, only cares about money and doesnt care on who's toes they step on to get it, as long as its in their pockets. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME even if its on sale for 50% off as you will likely get banned due to ""accepting money from hackers"" I'm a jew and don't like to buy games unless their highly discounted, and will even buy ""bad games"" if their discounted enough, but nothing would make me buy this game again, even if I was being payed to play the game. I paid $80 for elder scrolls online and this game makes me have more buyers remorse. SAVE YOUR MONEY DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,271590,32552192,Posted: 18 June,all,Tuck,"IDK, just jumping on the bandwagon"
,Not Recommended,271590,32621922,Posted: 21 June,all,Twitch.TV/DazPlay1337,"Preordered the game, never played it until yesterday...  Banned?I was having fun with friends and randoms all night, until hackers come start blowing people up.Every everygame I go into there are hackers dropping money bags, please tell me how that is my fault.Thanks for the ban for a month, you're lucky I didn't play it sooner to get a refend for your broken game.7/10 Story1/10 Online"
76561198042540362,Not Recommended,271590,34742690,Posted: 4 September,all,JaegerBombastic,"I highly recommend you do some research into this game's update history, and its customer service. They enact sweeping account changes that are meant to target cheaters that end up hurting a lot of legitimate players, and their support staff only offers canned, automated responses to queries, with no hope of further appeal.If you're a die-hard GTA fan, buy the game when it's on sale.Donotwaste your money on shark cards; for what they get you, they are absolutely not worth the expense, not even when rockstar is running their ""shark card bonus cash"" event.Depite rockstar's statements to the contrary, potentially all but a tiny handful of that cash can be taken away from you if your account is inadvertently tagged as having received ""illegitimate funds,"" and the amount taken usually numbers in the millions.For reference, the $100 shark card, the most expensive offered for purchase, only nets you $8 million in the online multiplayer game. Many top-end in-game purchases (vehicle storage, money generators, etc.) run up a bill of several million WITHOUT added options. Fully customized, some vehicles and properties can eat up the lion's share of $8 million in-game cash by themselves.The alternative is hundreds of hours of grinding the game missions over and over, with all the interference and wasted time care of dirtbag/idiot players inbetween.And just to remind you: all of this expense, be it in cash or time, can vanish into the ether without warning, leaving you with nothing to show for your effort.But hey, you can always buy more shark cards, says rockstar.Seriously, though. Don't buy shark cards. And don't buy this game unless it's on sale.All the above having been said, the game looks and runs amazing with a decent rig, the single player story was spectacular, and when you find a decent bunch of people to play with, this game is quite fun and full of good times."
,Not Recommended,271590,26251251,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Crazyhero,"I have ♥♥♥♥ing 500 hr+ on the game, why would I cheat on the game, stupid system, i sent them a ticket all I get is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from them, they don't tell u why. They replied ""all decision is final""and I ask them i need to know why.They told me bunch of stuff that could cuz me banned. They don't ♥♥♥♥ing answer the question. Hey best game and support ever. If you want to waste money and waste 500 hours and then get banned. Buy this stupid game. I swear on anything that I did not cheat or mod. So ♥♥♥♥ this game. Banned player for no reason. Just FYI I got permanent banned.I got my second banned with no reason a few mouth ago too. I though it was a error. So I guess♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever ♥♥♥♥ing wasted all my time."
76561198011448392,Not Recommended,271590,32636715,Posted: 22 June,all,mafiahalo93,do not support rockstar or take two they are BS companies that sue anyone for any reason
,Not Recommended,271590,32636708,Posted: 22 June,all,Piloting Ace,"was a a great game, as the sales number generated can tell you. but the greed has ruined this game from the beginning and it only got worse. i managed to deal with it, find stuff to do without money and avoiding buying any shark cards. and therein lies the problem. everything taketwo and r* try to do is steer us towards buying sharkcards with the release of crazy expensive dlc (in game expensive). 1 $20 shark card gets you 1.25 million in game dollars. this is the perfect amount to get a low to mid level car and fully upgrade it. $20 for a virtual car when i have this entire game for $60 and all $20 gets me 1 fully upgraded virtual car in a video game? ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥ and when u consider each dlc is $10-25 million of new stuff, u need to get the $8 million shark card for $100 real dollars. my steam version of the game has been banned from online from people reporting me as a modder. sure the modders were to blame, but i rarely ran into any. there was one who teleported us to one spot and leveled up the whole lobby to crazy high levels and dropped money on us and i was banned the next day cuz i didnt leave in time. i get unbanned after a month but my high level is still there, and i start killing everyone as usual (its gta so wtf did u make the game for) and people started to report me as a modder. even after this i still support modding simply because single player is more enjoyable to me anyways. all the visual mods i could get as well as special camera angle mods to help with making youtube videos, running around playing as a stripper beating down cops, like come on whats more fun? i moved to pc gta from console cuz their greed is killing the game. entire crews disappear from the game never to play it again and the one thing that was keeping people playing was the modded money online. nobody(with a few exceptions) wants to work and grind just to be able to play a game. i dont have time for that as do most. More of us on pc are mature and have jobs, we arent little kids with nothing to do all day like on console. if i have an hour, i want to spend it playing not working, i already have a job."
,Not Recommended,271590,32621092,Posted: 21 June,all,Gubzs,"This is a great game when it's able to be modded.Without that it's just a linear campaign with a sandbox that is limited by constantly and accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off cops that do not leave you the ♥♥♥♥ alone. Now that mods are gone, I absolutely would NOT recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32607432,Posted: 20 June,all,Commodore,"when you remove the mods, you kill the game. 0/10. way to kill the community"
,Not Recommended,271590,34622003,Posted: 30 August,all,Johnny Molotov,"I have 141hrs on this game and $2M in game. That's after purchasing an $8M shark card. 141hrs!!!! That was enough time to max out a character in ESO. That was enough time to become invincible in Skyrim. I have a coke house, a weed house, a biker club, a car garage, and a cargo garage, and I have nothing to show for it. The grind is rediculous!!!!!! Don't waste your money."
76561198077765067,Not Recommended,271590,32555800,Posted: 18 June,all,BigBoss™,Rockstar never listens to the community.
76561198018574685,Not Recommended,271590,34632852,Posted: 31 August,all,TheMadMan,"First they ban mods, then they steal peoples legitimate money.I encourage people to keep their negative reviews for this game, even if they get their money back.We need to stand together and leave a lasting effect, that's the only way they will learn."
,Recommended,271590,15405527,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,TesseracT,"So I haven't played any GTA since GTA 2 (1997), and that has been one of my favorite games from my teenage years.I skipped GTA 3 and 4 mainly because I didn't care for the change from 2D top down to 3D third person. However seeing the Total Biscuit review for the game convinced me to give this game a try.Honestly, I'm blown away in regards to how good this game actually is. The attention to detail and the grand scale of the world is really amazing.I have only a few hours in so far, but I am completely sold by how good the game actually is, and look forward to playing it for many hours more."
,Not Recommended,271590,18083256,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Frank12,"This game is amazing! BUT since the new Update (1.29) Rockstar seem to have said a big screw you to privacy and will scan your files and flag any account using mods EVEN in single player. Good Game Rockstar, Good game. Been banned from online without Any mods running + tested today with a friend on a fresh copy of GTA V and only playing single player, Got flagged For ""modifying online"".Beware of this new legal spyware."
76561198124556496,Not Recommended,271590,32579413,Posted: 19 June,all,Speedz,"On behalf of the openiv team, ♥♥♥♥ tt"
76561198044309994,Not Recommended,271590,15681564,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,PsychoticHotdog,"Single player this game is just as good as the other GTA's. Loads of fun, once you start modding EVEN MORE FUN! Definatly worth a buy.Multiplayer on the other hand is a mess, people leaving half way through a heist completely ends the heist and any progress you have made, people leave once it gets that little bit to challenging. Hackers everywhere which just sucks the fun out of it. So many issues joining other sessions, when you eventually do get into a session with other friends it can be really fun but when no friends are online it's just not worth it.Not recommending this purely on the fact people are being banned for having single player mods like FOV or advanced graphics."
76561198093103970,Not Recommended,271590,26206468,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ace♠,"First off I'll start with a small list of things I found to be a postitive for this game.-Driving-Killing people-Playing with friendsNow for the reveiw.I started off liking this game coming off of the ps3. I thought ""Wow an open sandbox game with HD graphics and a large player base and community"" Then I found out they don't support mods. Random Bans to anyone with Open IV installed to make modding easy. Then I tried to add a helicarrier mod and some other things that were not GTA Online related. So the game is now forever broken un-able to be played. After completing the main game you are left some cash to spend. Buy businesses etc. but after that there is nothing else left to do.GTA Online, the actual cancer of the internet. This multiplayer add-on has spawned a community of money grabbing cucks. And not to mention that Rockstar takes every measure to inpead the player's progress whilling forcing shark cards on them at the same time. This game costs £39.99 and will force your hand to buy these at least £20 to £69 money bundles.TL;DR, Don't buy if you like modding and hate forced microtransactions."
,Recommended,271590,16831662,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Bubblegum,One word: Masterpiece !
76561198259814320,Not Recommended,271590,32483573,Posted: 16 June,all,Ready or Not,♥♥♥♥ you take two for taking away OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32606543,Posted: 20 June,all,five9073,Will not be buying GTA 6 at this point. Just tired of dev's doing things like this.
,Not Recommended,271590,32627387,Posted: 21 June,all,FourEyes,Restricting modding in GTA is like limiting your sandwich fillings down to just ham. Taking away a core part of what GTA has always had to offer just shows that Take Two have no clue.
76561198008461322,Not Recommended,271590,32640644,Posted: 22 June,all,Hanzo Hattori,greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,33171217,Posted: 3 July,all,Jwrazmo,"Rockstar have shown that they have no interest in updating the singleplayer component of the game. It has been leaked that they had DLC planned and made for this game just like Red Dead Redemption's story dlc and they decided to scrap that in favor of multiplayer DLC. The only way to get the dlc content in GTA Online is from either microtransactions or hundreds of hours of grinding.They haven't added any heists to the game since releasing GTA Online or made any attempt at making the srver backend and loading times better for GTAO, they just continue to release new cars that cost millions of in game dollars that end up being around a hundred US Dollars."
76561198172912586,Not Recommended,271590,32634568,Posted: 21 June,all,Thug1RL,"Used to like this game, the new stance on modding really is a red flag though."
,Not Recommended,271590,32432502,Posted: 15 June,all,Gorgeous Freeman,"Wouldn't recommend simply due to the fact Take-Two has sent a cease and desist to OpenIV, one of the most important mods for GTA V.One of the main reasons for buying GTA V on PC is now gone.""On June 5th, 2017, we had received an official Cease-and-Desist letter.It clearly says, that with OpenIV we “allow third parties to defeat security features of its software and modify that software in violation Take-Two’s rights“.Yes, this letter is illiterate both technically and grammatically (really, they don’t even bothered with proof-reading the text).Yes, we can go to court and yet again prove that modding is fair use and our actions are legal.Yes, we could. But we decided not to.Going to court will take at least few months of our time and huge amount of efforts, and, at best, we’ll get absolutely nothing.Spending time just to restore status quo is really unproductive, and all the money in the world can’t compensate the loss of time.So, we decided to agree with their claims and we’re stopping distribution of OpenIV.It was a hard decision, but when any modding activity has been declared illegal, we can’t see any possibilities to continue this process,unless top management of Take-Two company makes an official statement about modding, which can be used in court.""Probably due to the fact that singleplayer is better than online, and Take-Two want to push people to online to they can sell their microtransactions, so ♥♥♥♥ them."
,Not Recommended,271590,19887087,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Blazebeak🔥,"I downloaded the game only to find out I needed a dumb social club account. I should have seen that coming after max payne 3. I gave in and made an account and went online, first thing that happens is me exploding for no reason because of a hacker/modder. I call him a♥♥♥♥♥♥and he spawns a bunch of my player models on me until I crash.Story short turns out rockstar has no idea how to handle hackers/modders in their own game. Even though they took like 2 years before releasing this game on pc. Furthermore they ban people who don't even hack. If enough people snitch on you they will ban you without looking into it. Coming off of ESO where there are no hackers what-so-ever this is pathetic and incompetent on their part. I would just stick to the console version. Even if it doesn't have as good fps or graphics as the pc does."
,Not Recommended,271590,32573963,Posted: 19 June,all,T0NE_DAWG,"Although the online game has hours of gameplay and all DLC sofar has been Free, They recently took action against Mods which make the Single Player experience Worth playing after you've beaten the story. They say it's because of mods being used to greif and harrass players online, however in my expierence (played since Oct 2013) the Greifing was happening on Consoles moreso than i've dealt with it on PC, the main reason i purchased this game again for PC was to be able to try out Mods that make the graphics more realistic and crisp, and bring real physics, and real versions of the cars to the game. However i've not had the time to look for a mod to use and now with them taking action against so many of the Mod makers, I'll probably never be able to experience Story Mode with mods on. Therfore I wasted the $60 I spent on this game when i bought it for PC, I don't play a lot of games for PC as i'm usually using my Console because my friends can afford PS or XB but not a PC as PC's can become overwelming to people who've never built them before, and they can easily become quite expensive to build (correctly) for Gaming."
76561197969557158,Not Recommended,271590,26218970,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Spook75,"Should you get this game?  Let's think about it and than you make the decision that is best for you.Reasons TO purchase this game:1) You have never played the single player game on console or PC before and you have a beefy new gaming rig you want to try and you would like to stress test the blue bejezus out of that rig.2) You have NO DESIRE to ever step foot in the multiplayer arena.3) You have so many God damned friends that you can join a community and never, ever, ever, ever step foot in a public game nor ever have your private walled gardened opened to public players.4) What grind?  Mother f'er, I'M RICH!  I'll simply drop a few hundred dollars in shark cards and I will just buy what I need!  Hell, $500 in real money will buy you 40 million in game cash, enough to buy an office, a nice home, a car or two and Yacht, with maybe a little spending money to go around for things like bike and some fancy new duds.Reasons to NOT purchase this game:1) If you are looking for a compelling multiplayer experience... this ain't it sweetie.  If you want to play in an environment of a truely caustic community than go ahead.  It is filled with underaged griefers, hackers (aimbots, God Mode, one shot-instakill-rail guns in MP, moments where everyone on the server explodes at one) and every other hack imaginable.  It is truely an awful place.2) You love to be rewarded for your labors...sigh, move along, nothing to see here.  This game is a frigging grind, we are talking a Lee Dorsey kinda slog.  WORKIN' IN A COAL MINE, GOING DOWN, DOWN, DOWN, WORKIN' IN A COAL MINE, GOING DOWN, DOWN, DOWN OOPS ABOUT TO SLIP DOWN... Want to buy a new lower end bike so you too can join a MC?  Cool, buy in starts at $100,000.  Sweet, just completed a mission for  Lamar, nice!  Here is your $5k, go forth and prosper, buy remember to stock up on the armor and ammo you used, but that's going to run you about $3000 to $15k if you like to use big bang bangs that go all explodey.  WORKIN' IN A COAL MINE, GOING DOWN, DOWN, DOWN, WORKIN' IN A COAL MINE, GOING DOWN, DOWN, DOWN OOPS ABOUT TO SLIP DOWN... Buy a nice car, hope ya got a cool million.3) You have a PC that can not play Witcher 3 at 1080@60fps.  Seriously, if you have anything less than a super high end gaming computer save yourself the hassle and skip it.  If you love you some low resolution 30fps thunder than you just keep on keeping on you bad mofo, cuz this is the jam for you!All in all, its a pretty game with a fun single player component, but the MP is pure stage 4♥♥♥♥♥♥and balls cancer and the shark cards nonsense is nothing more than a ridiculous cash grab due to a completely purposefully screwed in game economy."
76561198034248314,Not Recommended,271590,32778052,Posted: 25 June,all,storm91101,"Can not reccomend this game anymore. I simply cannot support a company that would rather let hackers and modders run rampant on multiplayer, yet want to punish single player users? ESPECIALLY since your MATCHMAKING is still broken. I can hardly join any jobs or do any heists due to lack of players joining.You really need to rework some of your online mechanics before you ignorantly decided to ruin single player.You've milked this game to death for money, and now you are turning your back on the players. We players have the wallets. We decide to buy your stuff and fund your company. Not you."
,Not Recommended,271590,18856632,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Faggot,"Made the mistake of buying this game for the online mode since I played through the campaign on console. The online mode is a complete cluster ♥♥♥♥ which is poorly designed in every aspect- Loading, Loading, Loading- 4 minute missions- Terrible MatchmakingAll in all I cant say stress how bad the online experience is."
,Not Recommended,271590,32560667,Posted: 19 June,all,xReaLSpiNx,I'm seriously disappointed ..
,Not Recommended,271590,16390283,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pine Cones,Rockstar's business practice is deplorable
,Not Recommended,271590,32559882,Posted: 19 June,all,Bot Saulo,RIP MODS
,Not Recommended,271590,15357622,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dr.Unfähig,Take Two shutting down modsDON'T SUPPORT THIS CRAP!
76561198111094515,Not Recommended,271590,32589300,Posted: 20 June,all,KingClams,"What the ♥♥♥♥ guys?What did this do to help you?1. It hasn't stopped cheaters online(I've seen more recently even)2. There's no harm in having single player mods, they just make it more fun.3. This is the biggest ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to the most passionate fans of GTA, the modders.I hope you fix what you've done, or you'll be known as one of the worst game companies."
,Not Recommended,271590,23946339,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Saint IGNUcius,"It's a good game, but I was doing a parachute job in online, and got banned for no reason. That's unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,271590,32613218,Posted: 21 June,all,RoniN_OrioN,Not fun without mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32639460,Posted: 22 June,all,Swag Doge Grande Style,I would have recommended this game to everyone of my friends to play it because the amount of mods for the game made it worth buying but as of late for some god unknown reason they decided it would be the stupidest business approach to attack the biggest mod completely removing the modding community. The modding community is how you keep a game alive far past its time. Look at Skyrim and how long it's lasted. Look at why some people still play GTA 4. For the mods only. Not your stupid micro transaction bs. If I wanted money I would wait for a modded lobby and a modder to spawn in a couple billion. Absolute idiotic management.
,Not Recommended,271590,32629546,Posted: 21 June,all,Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf,there is a cheater in every session...
,Not Recommended,271590,32629603,Posted: 21 June,all,EKS,"Take two just essentially banned modding for this game, I'll never support them again."
76561198251459360,Not Recommended,271590,28351862,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,KIMOCHI:)suzuki,♥♥♥♥ing ban who no play hack
,Not Recommended,271590,28353412,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TRFlareio,they banned me permently kaden1112 social club
76561197970413659,Not Recommended,271590,32587314,Posted: 20 June,all,Earl of Doncaster,The publishers of this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Don't encourage them by buying this game.
76561198031352364,Not Recommended,271590,32587297,Posted: 20 June,all,Simon,without moding its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and loses a lot of freedom.
,Not Recommended,271590,32640645,Posted: 22 June,all,Chocolate Profet,Shame on you for banning mods! Don't buy this game.
76561198080402014,Not Recommended,271590,32593966,Posted: 20 June,all,Nabroleon,"Even before the modding situation, I was on the fence with this game. Then take two ran along, pushed me off the fence,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on me, then proceeded run down the street singing ave maria. It was a move that made no sense to anyone but themselves and made themselves look ridiculous.The game itself is actually a bit meh. In some areas it's very strong, such as Rockstar's top tier writing and dialogue. In other areas, it's very bland, with the size of the world and number of activities making it seem unfocused at best. For example, the gun play itself feels very shallow, yet they put a good amount of effort into a bloody tennis simulator.If you like the sound of that and want a toybox as opposed to a game, more power to you, this should keep you occupied for a while. If you want a game that's critically good and will leave a lasting impact on you, look at other Rockstar titles such as the Max Payne series.Final nail in the coffin is GTA online. I don't think I need to describe why.P.s. ♥♥♥♥ take two interactive. Not Rockstar, love those guys."
76561198000461595,Not Recommended,271590,32628445,Posted: 21 June,all,Elplaga,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Not Recommended,271590,32603892,Posted: 20 June,all,Tony Pascalletta,I bought Grand theft auto V for mods. Ive been banned from gta online for someone giving me modded money. Okay thats cool anyway single play mods and FiveReborn. They took down the biggest modding tool ever created even after 10 years now its all of sudden bad thing too have? On beahlf of the OpenIV team ♥♥♥♥ You.
,Not Recommended,271590,33744094,Posted: 23 July,all,joveice,"I do not care if OpenIV is back. What happened happened.I'm only gonna talk about multiplayer as singleplayer is not getting any of the DLC stuff at all, they even blocked you from getting the new vehicles without a mod to unlock that.So each DLC is free right? Well no it kinda isn't so if you need to use around 25-40 million in game for all the new stuff (like other people has also mentioned)So if you are going to get that money before gta 11 is released you need to spend all from $400 to $600.Do I recommend this game? If you would like to have most stuff you have 2 options: Buy or grind. If you are not that type and can enjoy only a few things this game is for you.If you played GTA 4 to Co-op Mod, you can get modiffed launchers to do that, else there is no way."
,Not Recommended,271590,32608297,Posted: 20 June,all,Joker,"The singleplayer itself is pretty good but i can't recommend the online portion of this game. Take-two has basically made any modification of the game impossible since they sent a cease and desist towards OpenIV, so gg no more mods. The shark cards and the updates do not help the game at all, and every update seems to be even more expensive than the last. Take-two and rockstar have made this game a total pay-to-win by this point. Only reason I have so many hours is because my friends and I used to play a ton until the updates started getting absolutely insanely pricey. Can't recommend this game to anyone, anymore. Save your cash and stay away."
,Not Recommended,271590,32667256,Posted: 22 June,all,[Meme Overdose],Take Two can kiss my♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32631304,Posted: 21 June,all,Weaponized Autism,"they remove mods so that that the only way to play new content is online. they make everything so damn expensive so that you are forced to buy shark cards to do anything, compleate money grab.   will not be buying any rockstar games again."
,Not Recommended,271590,16358698,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Meph,"Alternative names for this game:Stealy wheely auto mobileyGrand Theft Time 5Grand Theft Auto, 5 hours later.But seriously. Don't by this. Gets boring after 50 hours."
76561197986403488,Not Recommended,271590,16396459,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Supramax,"Of all the dirty greedy corporation tactics to use, they choose to use this underhanded money grubbing method of trying to sell their game at full price even during a sale. Marketing a game as ""on sale"" but only allowing people to buy it at full price reeks of greed at every single level. I bought the game and I regret supporting a game publisher who just did something that shows why the gaming industry has fallen so much."
76561198117404119,Not Recommended,271590,32628478,Posted: 21 June,all,Joelthegodlike,make this ♥♥♥♥er bring mods backsam.houser@rockstargames.com
76561198158243755,Not Recommended,271590,28919046,Posted: 1 January,all,‹ C2 ›,"友情提示: 尽量不要去公共战局玩,会封号.Tips: try not to play in public server, you will get ban."
,Not Recommended,271590,32619878,Posted: 21 June,all,remm,I only bought this game to use mods and have fun but TakeTwo had to ruin it all
,Not Recommended,271590,32619880,Posted: 21 June,all,pwrs,No mods
76561198098020894,Not Recommended,271590,26511057,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Death Star Trash Compactor,"0/10.Banned for no reason within first 5 hours of playing, I had just finished the tutorial and played a little bit of online.F*** Rockstar, any support ticket regarding bans is automatically closed.Will never purchase a Rockstar game again.Aside from that, the actual gameplay was pretty fun for what I could actually try."
76561198044000958,Not Recommended,271590,15680701,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bilbo Faggins,"Great game. Good optimization. However, rockstar is banning people for modding. Which is incredibly stupid."
,Not Recommended,271590,35045397,Posted: 18 September,all,BITCHoNICO,"This is my first ever review.♥♥♥♥ Rockstar, ♥♥♥♥ taketwoStole millions from me with no reasonYour anti-cheating system sucks.♥♥♥♥ Uand that's all I want to say."
,Recommended,271590,24819329,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Twik,"This cloud simulator is awesome. You can see different clouds throughout the city and there is this loading screen text on the bottom right that really enhances the experience, but there is this bug where you you control this dude who can walk around and do stuff. Rockstar plz fix becuase I love my clouds and this bug is seriously ruining my experience."
76561198043945863,Not Recommended,271590,16342815,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Magic,terrimad about the price heist for steam summer sale.
76561198038169817,Not Recommended,271590,16317325,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Redpancake,Great game but Shady sale tactics
,Not Recommended,271590,32792245,Posted: 25 June,all,Kane,are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me
,Not Recommended,271590,16344074,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Caxtonia,"Campaign didn't last very long, the online is buggy and full of hackers. This is absolutely not worth $60. World is very well built though, so it has that going for it, which is nice"
76561198042883662,Not Recommended,271590,16462137,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Halcyon,"Not recommended until they fix it and start banning hackers. This game can be alot of fun, but when you have hackers in every single sesson, it gets old. One hacker disarmed me and every one else in the game but him and then started blowing people up. I still play to do the hiests, but they need to start vac-banning people for this"
76561198189863561,Not Recommended,271590,32780388,Posted: 25 June,all,Krisa,no modding no fungit gud t2
,Not Recommended,271590,32628491,Posted: 21 June,all,Hentai Senpai,"cant play my mods anymore, do not recomend"
,Not Recommended,271590,29994086,Posted: 17 February,all,Blackout,"things i have done-i hacked the ♥♥♥♥ out of multiplayer,ive given over $3 billion to various players.i have kicked entire lobbys from online games.hacked myself up 150 levelsbought 5, $10 million dollar private planes then crashed them into the military basethings i havent done-been banned from GTA onlinehad fun playing GTA onlinepaid for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t shark cardscared about anything i did.♥♥♥♥ you rockstar and your weak♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t anti cheat software.EDIT: and now they have ♥♥♥♥ed over OpenIV. yea ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar."
76561198010827924,Not Recommended,271590,32586335,Posted: 20 June,all,Santino,not players online. game is dead
76561198009811103,Not Recommended,271590,16422673,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Schmois,"While Rockstar is to blame for the scummy behavior, Valve has done nothing to enforce the consumer laws. We should be angry at both Rockstar and Valve. Fun game,♥♥♥♥♥♥business tactics."
76561198120429569,Not Recommended,271590,15649717,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kobrameister3000,"So far not having a good experience with this game, as much as i do like GTA the PC version so far is awful as the damn game wont load up and just crashes instantly just on the social club menu! I've tried searching up solution's but nothing has seemed to help or work, this game is bugged and needs to be fixed, unless anyone who reads this can help but so far the PC version is a no go for now until Rockstar fix there game!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,16365333,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheHolyAsparagus,"I bought this game and was expecting everything to run smoothly. About 15 minutes into actually playing the game, I experience extreme lag. I've been waiting for an update to fix the issue and there hasn't been anything. It says I have 7 hours in play time but there is absolutely no way that I have that much, I can't even play it due to the lag. Long loading screens must count as game time and after TRYING to play it multiple times, I have 7 hours which prevents me from getting my refund. This is the worst experience I've ever had with Rockstar and Steam, they had plenty of time to fix bugs. I'm extremely upset I wasted $60 on a game that I can't even play and just sits in my library."
,Not Recommended,271590,32665664,Posted: 22 June,all,skadoosh,"I already have this game for the XBOX 360 and the XBOX ONE, but mods looked fun, so I bought the game for PC.  Mods are now banned.  Come on, Take Two; they were for single-player."
76561198119978955,Not Recommended,271590,23350046,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,EternalClimb,"Unless you have dozen of friends to play with at anytime, you will most likely get a poor expierence in online.Cheaters of all kinds, awful matchmaking (you can easily end up in team of 2vs5, not to mention no characters' levels balance for teams), optimization and network connection problems along with super messy interfaces. Really, to heal yourself or to restore armor you have to open additional menu and go through 2 submenues. Imagine how handy is that in the heat of gunfight.There are good things about game, but you have to avoid public lobbies, only chose lobbies with friends wich would be a problem for most people, considering the high game price.Story mode doesn't worth playing. Protagonists and their stories are so disgusting overal and in details.Before writing this review, I had a brake for 3-4 weeks, since it wasn't any seesion in online with at least 1 blatant cheater in it. I returned in hope R* have done something to clean game from cheaters before their big update (on 7th of June). But in fact it become even worse - there are times more cheaters now and R* doesn't even let you to report all of them - you are only allowed to send one report per few minutes."
,Not Recommended,271590,32765289,Posted: 25 June,all,STEF007,Hey Rockstar! you masochistic or something?
76561198125943019,Not Recommended,271590,32600102,Posted: 20 June,all,MUNK3YB0Y0,YEAH BANDWAGON!
76561198285117433,Not Recommended,271590,32749718,Posted: 24 June,all,Sta$h,"I bought this game when it first came out, only to mod it and play LSPDFR. I had the game on ps4 and loved until the greed of Rockstar started showing. Items being so expensive the only way to buy the best, you need to grind for years or buy there sharkcards(the reason they make everything so expensive) Now no openIV?  Listen to the fanbase or lose the fanbase. YOU (rockstar) need us more the we need you. Be ashamed!"
76561198195845354,Not Recommended,271590,32706377,Posted: 23 June,all,glitcheyminer128,"You know...I used to like this game. It was very different and creative and free unlike most open world games at the time. I was having fun on youtube when i found this video called, ""GTA V no longer has mods."" I was shocked. I only wanted the game because of mod support. Now i know rockstar wanted to do something about online for once, but why did they cancel singleplayer mods? I guess we'll never find out. I reccomended the game to many of my friends, but now they have ALL stopped playing it. And gudging by the super negative reviews you probably should put mods back in before it becomes as diserted as The Crew 2014. -Gamingxp78 2017"
,Not Recommended,271590,34400051,Posted: 21 August,all,Sawstudios,"This is so sad... it could be such a great game but cheating is so common, and you cant play on a private server. These limitations are a huge gamebreaker! Please rockstar... fix this! You have a loyal fan base that is stating to grow tired of seeing your energies only in getting more money through micro transactions... free the game so players can experience it how they want to. .. please"
,Not Recommended,271590,32786495,Posted: 25 June,all,Power-,Removal of mods. NEVER FORGET.
,Not Recommended,271590,24443024,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,GU GL,"This game is amazing, there is no way to deny that.However, even Rockstar made millions with this game, they can't hire a programer that make the game loads like a regular game instead of a huge pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Their servers are useless, slow, unresponsive piles of turd and they refuse to update their server to the point of acutally usable. And of course, cheaters. Go see some other reviews, and you will know how Bad Rockstar's handling them."
,Not Recommended,271590,17587544,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Awooku,"Now that Rocstar has fixed the hacker problem, they've created another problem: they're banning innocent players for absolutely no reason, and they're not getting unbanned. Also the game still disconnects you randomly from time to time.Now, the game itself is good, good gameplay, lots of things to do, and a great singleplayer experience, however Rockstars management of this game has been absolutely awful."
,Recommended,271590,35206384,Posted: 25 September,all,ntr-,"Was a great game. Story was pretty good, and the online was impressive. But this was released to the PC so late, that by the time it got here, the game was pretty much dead. Even with their new content, its not enough to revive the game itself. After seeing how big of a step the online multiplayer was to GTA 4, I cannot wait to see what comes in the inevitable GTA 6."
,Not Recommended,271590,32696253,Posted: 23 June,all,ShazMyBot,"Whenever a publisher tries to cash in/shut down user created content or mods, it always ends the same way:The community wins.Every time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32584700,Posted: 19 June,all,✠Hotz✠,twas great before you ♥♥♥♥ed urself over by taking away mods.... because BTW nobody on pc really wants to play ur♥♥♥♥♥♥gta online.
76561198040345682,Not Recommended,271590,32590621,Posted: 20 June,all,Facepalmzz,y'all done ♥♥♥♥ed up now
,Not Recommended,271590,32682728,Posted: 23 June,all,Swishy,Dont ban mods
,Not Recommended,271590,16343504,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nemeth782,"""We're going to have a sale but instead of making the game any cheaper we'll give you some ingame cash and sell it for the same price then pretend we've knocked 20% off!"".No."
,Recommended,271590,15446166,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Fherrera,its like skyrim with cars and guns
,Recommended,271590,35189278,Posted: 24 September,all,Lesya,Loading wait Simulation 2013
76561198084168981,Recommended,271590,15357007,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,RIP - Blocked :-(,10/10 ReviewThis is the third time buying this game bought it first on PS3 and 2nd time bought it on PS4 and know bought it on PC! This game is so fun! it was easy to install and has really good graphics!  Absolutely amazing  game and plays even better on PC! #♥♥♥♥console60 FPS all Ultra Settingi7 4790k2k GTX 980s SC16 gb ram
76561198052107872,Not Recommended,271590,32421795,Posted: 14 June,all,FaultyJudgement,"I write this review after having watched Rockstar slowly but surely slip down the path of greediness and,  in my opinion,  ruin one of my favorite franchises. What's present of the single player is fun and engaging, however it's the same exact thing that was launched with the game originally. No love or DLC has been put into the single player experience, and people had to resort to modding to try out new vehicles that were added to multiplayer for laughable prices. Don't worry though, with Shark Cards you can spend more real money to get enough fake money to get a vehicle you want, but only in GTA Online. Long story short, I can't recommend this for anyone that wants a GTA game. If you like online grind fests though, give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434430,Posted: 15 June,all,Mromson,Rockstar is removing modding. Stay clear until that changes.
76561198094388320,Not Recommended,271590,32431346,Posted: 15 June,all,-DI- Teutonicus,"RIP OpenIV. I'm now going to find the head of Take Two Interactive, strip the skin from his body and then send him/her off in the middle of the desert with nothing."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447784,Posted: 15 June,all,LW_X_M_Officer_01b,"Been modding for 12 years now, and Taint-Two thinks they can come along, slam a gavel and say ""it's over."" ♥♥♥♥ that."
,Not Recommended,271590,29810449,Posted: 9 February,all,..,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!I bought this game and literally the second day of playing it I got banned, Not because I was hacking, Not because a friend was hacking, But because there was a modder in a game that i joined, THAT KILLED EVERYONE UNDER MY NAME!!! So unless you want to throw $60 down the drain, DONT BUY THIS GAME! When you overcourse call rockstar/ support a ticket to rockstar, They will tell you that ""They cannot revoke a Gameplay or Exploit Vilation to their game, So buy this game if you want trash tech support, trash game play, and trash cheat detection system."
,Not Recommended,271590,32425236,Posted: 14 June,all,Andy,"2k is killing modders and Single Player experiences. Unfair. Wrong. Anti-Consumer. Grand Theft Auto WAS my favorite game.  Now, I'm left wanting nothing to do with 2k, Rockstar, and GTA. Thanks 2k Games"
,Not Recommended,271590,32425241,Posted: 14 June,all,Tracenji ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Cant mod anymore because of take 2
,Not Recommended,271590,29553643,Posted: 28 January,all,aaTyak-47,"Great game in general lovely graphics fun to sight see and do many things but uh Rockstar? How about you ban the people that are the actual problem in online and not ban people left and right with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anticheat system? At least give people the benefit of the doubt when they contact your support and tell you what happened and unban them instead of giving them this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ automated message that every ban is not able to be appealed and that they are final. Honestly, this would be a great game if the prices were not so high and you could actually enjoy the game without paying to win. Also, the fact that you reset characters and they go right to zero when a great deal have actually worked for what they got is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed. Come on Rockstar.. You really have disappointed a lot of people and you should be ashamed that you have gone down the road of not being interested in customer satisfaction but rather customer churn."
,Not Recommended,271590,32531003,Posted: 18 June,all,Rest In Peaches,"A game that bans people because hackers gave them money even if they didn't want it, with no chance to appeal, is a game that deserves no players."
76561198078628283,Not Recommended,271590,34555997,Posted: 28 August,all,Darkbutt,"GTA ONLINEAfter having bought this game to play with friends, and for the longest time finding it kind of fun to do so occationally, I have gone from being able to kind of recommend it to just saying this:Stay FAR away from itThe playerbase is murderous and full of hackers, and if you get caught in the hacker crossfire, Rockstar will punish you for it. Which is especially sour when you save up for a certain thing, and they just out of the blue remove 80% of everything you have, under the pretense that it is ""hacker money"".There just isn't a point, not even with friends.Go to hell, Rockstar, seriously"
,Not Recommended,271590,34548871,Posted: 28 August,all,Nano,"Can't recommend a game that robs honest players of legitimately earned cash. 8/26/17 I had a certain amount of money around 600,000 removed from my account that I legitimately earned doing an ingame sale event, made a ticket to rockstar support, and haven't gotten my money back. Only a pathetic automated answer claiming I had gotten the ingame money illegitimately.I'm not a modder, I haven't recieved money from modders, and I rarely play in a public room unless it's with my friends doing a sale. If I play in a public room, it's a solo public room with my friends who are also not modders. If I were going to mod money in the game, I wouldn't mod in such an insignificant amount like 600,000. To top it off, the money removed from my account was an extremely specific number such as 637,210. I had recently gotten this exact number from doing a sale online. Essentially, they made that sale useless. I rarely make 600,000 in this game much less 1 million.5 minutes of research proves I'm not the only one who had legitimate money removed, and the amount I had removed pales in comparison to the amount that was removed from others such as millions. Yes, I'm aware that some of these money adjustments were done because players had recieved illegitimate money from modders, but many like myself were done to people who earned cash legitimately. The fact that they won't correct this nonsense is unnaceptable and proves just how greedy they are, as if we needed any more proof.Even though the amount of money removed from my account wasn't massive, I shouldn't have had any money removed at all, and the way Rockstar has handled this whole situation will forever leave a bad taste in my mouth."
76561198067216261,Not Recommended,271590,34534806,Posted: 27 August,all,Super_buntakun,"Well this is the last straw, Rockstar has decided to take away money that i made legitimately through through CEO business MC businesses, car warehouse, bunker sales and working with my friends as associates and will not give it back because they are accusing me of gaining this money throw modding. They have taken about 8 million ingame dollars which translates to about 100 dollars US if i was to get a shark card. This has made me really angry, because I have been grinding really hard just to get robbed  by rockstar under the claim that this money was not earned legitimately. If they were to take the time and look at the game records they could see that this was all money earned through sales of ingame business. I suspect that they are going around and taking money from players that have over a certain amount without the procurement of a shark card and saying we are cheating. Additionally what is to stop them from doing this to me and other again in the future. This is it I’m out and will not be buying, supporting any future Rockstar games and endeavors. I will not support any company that will blindly robb players and not support their game to prevent real cheaters. I will be uninstalling this game. Good luck to all that stay.I wonder if there is any lawyers  out there that would be interested in a class action lawsuit. Granted we wouldn’t get any of our ingame money back but it would hit the publisher where it hurts (in their profit margins)."
76561198257108899,Not Recommended,271590,28808272,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mars,This game is good but they ban you for no reason someone hacked and gave me money and they banned me for it and when i told them that they said it cant be reversed for me to play online i need to purchase the game again.... so because i joined a public game and someone hacked to give everyone money i get banned 1/5 stars 1 star only because i like the campaign
,Not Recommended,271590,32629586,Posted: 21 June,all,Mole Molinski,♥♥♥♥ these people
,Not Recommended,271590,32465114,Posted: 15 June,all,TJ,"This game sucks.Grand Theft Auto 1 and 3 are great classic Rockstar games, but for Grand Theft Auto V, the game designers obviously were not thinking straight. At first it seems like a pretty decent game, a little different from the first in the series but, that's okay. San Andreas was different from the first, Vice City was different, but they were all good.The first thing that's strikingly different is the fact that you have to go through Los Santos, talk to people and buy stuff. I never really minded that, it makes it a little more like an adventure story and it's kinda like SA, so that's okay. But the first problem comes in when it changes from day to night.(Cops chase you.)Why does this need to happen so often? Like, every five minutes? Why does it take so long? Nobody feels like sitting through this every time. How would you like it if you were playin' a game and then every five minutes I came over, made cops chase you, then counted ten tedious seconds, and then let you continue to play the game?Now, I mean, why did they think that that would be a good idea and interrupt the game play, did they think it would be more realistic? I mean, in real life I don't have to stop in my tracks when the sun sets and a ♥♥♥♥in' helicopter doesn't pop up in the air. I mean, this is one of the most annoying features in any game ever. What's the point? Yeah, I mean, the cops are stronger at night and the stores are closed, but why's that necessary and why does the game have to stop? It's ♥♥♥♥in' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.And why do you have to die when you get arrested? That's the stupidest thing I've ever seen. This guy can go all over fightin' hordes of evil civilians, but he can't even have his rights read to him?Sometimes I don't feel like goin' down the highway just to get down to the Richman, I mean, there's no reason I should have to do that when I can just take a shortcut and pick Franklin. But, oops! I shouldn't do that, there might be cops down there.Another thing that's really annoying about this game is the fact that you have to buy weapons and haircuts. I mean, still, that's not uncommon, you know like I said: that's the same thing you have to do in many great games, like SA, but, lemme explain.Here you have to collect dollars, which count as money. I mean, that's kinda odd, because usually dollars count as life or energy, y'know, so that's kinda strange. But, y'know that's not the point. The point is that the haircuts you need to buy are too ♥♥♥♥in' expensive, and the dollars don't add up enough. It takes too long to get enough of them to buy something, and it gets boring wandering around killing the same civilians over and over again just so you can buy an afro or somethin'.Speaking of afro, that's pretty weird itself, isn't it? I mean, they were really being creative with that one, the afro.Anyway, about the dollars: It takes too long to buy stuff, and, to add onto the problem, when you die, you lose all your dollars and you have to start all over again. I mean, doing this doesn't add to any of the games' difficulty or challenge, it just makes us have to do more of the same monotonous stuff over again, and it's not fun, it's boring.Oh, look, I finally got enough dollars to go and buy a car that I need to cross the highway, now let me get to the store.(It changes to night in-game.)Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's ♥♥♥♥in' night time, now the stores are all closed and I have to wait for it to turn day again. Oh well, I might as well kill some civilians in the meantime and stock up on some more money.(The character in-game gets arrested and dies.)OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now I gotta start all over again.One of the worst things in the game are the sidewalks, which are areas where there's, like, pedestrians or people that look like you could walk past them, but instead you just get beat up. It's impossible to tell where these spots are the first time walkin' through, so you just have to keep throwin' fists all over to see where they are. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Why should I have to do that? Again, it doesn't add up to any of the fun, y'know, challenge of the game. It's just unfair and it's annoying.In the nightclubs, there's no bosses at the end, which is a big disappointment. Every Rockstar gamester knows that at the end of a level or a nightclub, whatever, there's always supposed to be a big guy who ya fight. But here, they just got lazy and only put a few bosses in the game and left some of the clubs just empty like this one. So, most of the buildings you go through (the Dungeon Crawler, to be exact), there's nothing at the end except for a phone call that you can't skip.In the rest of the GTA games the tradition goes like this: You fight a boss, you defeat 'im, then a phone call comes down and you listen to it, there you go, on to the next level. But in GTA V, how would you ever figure out that you're supposed to throw a grenade at that call? I mean, when you first get the grenade you assume it's a weapon, and you throw it, only to find that it does absolutely nothing, and that you waste it by throwing it, so you have to get it all over again.There are parts in the game that are definitely not self-explanatory, and are too hard to figure out. Take this dead end for example: Would you guess that you're supposed to pass through this airport? How? You have to kneel down by it for like ten seconds. Now, still, that's not enough to make it so cryptic and hidden that we can't figure it out, oh please, give us more for our buck and make it harder so we can wander around the whole game and exhaust every possibility before we find out. Okay. Guess what? You need to have a Sawed-Off Shotgun selected, and be kneeling down, and wait a little while before this magic phone call comes and takes you to the next part of the game.Most of the townspeople have things to say which aren't important at all, so why do you have to hear 'em? Here, in the stores, there's books that you may find which actually give you clues about things in the game that you may need to know about. But, when I find these books, half the time it's by accident, so I may hit the button and cancel it out which means I don't even get to read it and I don't have a second chance.Why can't I do that when it changes from day to night? That would actually be helpful. So, what the game designers figured is this: it isn't absolutely necessary for me to read about how to find strip clubs or what I'm supposed to do with a grenade, but what I do need to read, again and again constantly, is: ""You have been signed out of Rockstar Social Club"". How about ""Sign out of this horrible GAME""?What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean, I feel horrible that I had to play this game in order to make this video, but I did it to demonstrate its dreadfulness and I forced myself to play it just so that you don't have to. So, you should thank me for telling you to stay away from this horrible steaming pile of goat♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean, I know it's useless complaining about a game that was made back in mid 2013 or whatever, but it just blows my mind how ♥♥♥♥in' horrible it is. I mean, it's consistently annoying.Why? Why is it so bad? If all these problems were changed then we'd have a great quintilogy of GTA games, but, history is history, and we might as well try to count GTA 4 as, you know, the last in the series, and leave this awful piece of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥alone, as it stands today as one of the biggest ♥♥♥♥-ups of all time.Thank you for listening, good night.The ending sucks too."
,Not Recommended,271590,32453518,Posted: 15 June,all,The Wizard,Take-TwoMore like Take-Two steps backMore like Take-JewMore like Take-a-noose-and-wear-it-around-your-neck
,Not Recommended,271590,32436440,Posted: 15 June,all,Barlic Gread,4th most money earning game in history and they decide to kill modding to make even more in micro transactions.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437915,Posted: 15 June,all,Ghostie ʕ♥ᴥ♥ʔ,RIP Mods = RIP GTA
,Not Recommended,271590,32615243,Posted: 21 June,all,LaFuAzz,"Single player campaign is not as good and artistic as almost every other GTA game (especially IV was great).Car handling is worse than in Need For Speed.Guns are badly balanced, some are just extremely overpowered which makes it stupid to buy other weapons.Grand Theft Auto Online is just money fishing through Shark Cards with a stupid community. It isn't possible to do any CEO missions while you are alone in a session which makes them impossible to do them in your own way because there is always someone (let it be a psychopath or a modder, or just both) who ruins the experience. There's no mission worth the frustration because they are all dull.Take Two made it very hard to install mods (some are even illegal) by shutting down OpenIV. I understand modding in GTA Online is not cool when you are trying to sell overpriced Shark Cards but come on, now the extremely dull Singleplayer mode becomes even dumber."
,Not Recommended,271590,32422363,Posted: 14 June,all,kalska,the only grand theft here was the ability to mod the game
76561198203267668,Not Recommended,271590,32615196,Posted: 21 June,all,✠ SHAME,1.BAN modding like WTF?2.Release super expensive DLC3.Expensive sharkcard only can buy few thing4.Rockstar is being greedy
,Not Recommended,271590,32482099,Posted: 16 June,all,Uncle Mikoolo,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ people for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ people with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ opinions about good things that still has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ price.
,Not Recommended,271590,29530740,Posted: 27 January,all,dnwass,"I haven't been banned, but until those issues for other players are sorted out, I will not recommend the game. R*'s recent actions are anti-consumer and must be addressed."
76561198058456910,Not Recommended,271590,32603888,Posted: 20 June,all,TheWulf,"single player is alot of fun and a really good storymode. but online is fun for some time, but gets boring fast. you need alot of cash to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥and than alot more to upgrade. and ofcourse no mods any more D:<"
,Not Recommended,271590,32555057,Posted: 18 June,all,Agoron,Online was bad from the begining and then they made mods a no go for single player
,Not Recommended,271590,29836065,Posted: 10 February,all,DN | Leucon,"!!! HONEST REVIEW !!!First of all R* fix your anti-sh*t system, now my review...I pre-ordered this game as soon as it was avaiable on steam because I'm a huge GTA fan, when the game came out I played it a lot, I didn't like the online much because if I play alone it's not very funny but with friends it's amazing...Tips:- Don't buy sharkcards- Chance of getting an RB ( Random Ban )Pros:- The modding community as expected is amazing and huge, having a big variety of mods to choose from and improve your gameplay, from trainers, plugins, scripts, texture repacks and many others...- Sure to give you hours of fun!- Online mode is amazing if it doesn't have a stupid guy around...- Graphics are amazing!- Gameplay is entertaining.- Rockstar Editor is great.- Snapmatic is cool to take awesome shots online or singleplayerCons:- Sh*tty Anti-Cheat System- Randomly Banned Players Is A Thing Now... Thanks Rockstar ( No I Haven't Been banned )- Shark Cash Cards, are you thirsty R*? If someone plays hard and gets a crap ton of money and doesn't buy your cards you ban them? Are you having fun in there little w*nkers?- Online community can be very toxic ( but also can be very friendly, just find the right people or just play with friends )- By now the game should be worth 49,99€ and not 59,99€ because it's getting worse!- Customer support sucks! A LOT!- R* has a thing where they don't like to reply or read most if not all the tickets by the time you read this!- R* gives so many Copy-Paste answers that it is disgusting already! WE buy your games, respect us or you will go from rich to broke soon!- There are so many cons if you think about it well, that's why I say the game price should be reduced and the R* employees should work harder, or at least work to try to help their customers!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32616255,Posted: 21 June,all,Call Jewly - +447711067762,"If you're looking to buy this game to mod, forget it. Take-Two put a cease and dissist against OpenIV killing 60-70% mods. Good work Take-Two, sorry this has happened to Rockstar but they've killed any recommendation I had for this game."
76561198043287134,Not Recommended,271590,25773761,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Deleroko Lusida,"Simple. Dont. Buy.Rockstar accepts the fact they are horrible as a copany and as game develeports, they dont care of or for there costumers and will rob you blind with no way of being charged for it. GTA is full of cheating lossers that will troll,  abuse, and distory your life within this game, OR they wont have to if your computer chooses to have a memory hicup and there ""security system"" bans you permanently.The game has been fun, more love and joy to those that can find joy with friends in it. But being I have suffered at the hands of Rockstars ♥♥♥♥♥♥ greedy hands. I will not let people blindly feed them more and more. DONT. Bother."
,Not Recommended,271590,32579720,Posted: 19 June,all,Brendansports,Moddings gone thanks GTA5 Good think I uninstalled this earlier so I saved myself from the depression
,Not Recommended,271590,23469046,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Serapathic,"*Additional* - Since take two have now taken away mods for single player, even the wonderful single player of this game is now being attacked to push people into online. It is a stupid action, and makes this game worse, because mods do not harm the online at all, so on behalf of OpenIV, ♥♥♥♥ you guys, really.*Original follows*So GTA V single player can be a very enjoyable, fun game, filled with good content and generally fun missions. That part of the game is good, and I enjoyed it a lot.Now the online... that is a giant pile of steaming crap. The sheer amount of money needed for everything, the fact that a $40 game has freaking microtransactions, the horrible players and bad missions makes this a very bad online. I enjoy playing the online, it can be fun to just mess around with friends, but when it comes to trying to buy new things and progress it is extremely bad. The heists give a fraction of the money needed for a car, not to mention the time needed to actually get to the end of a heist. The missions can be fun, but dont give a substantial reward for what you're doing.If the online had the same prices as the single player, and less expensive advancement, this could be a very good game.Now.. the hackers. They can be really♥♥♥♥♥♥and mess up all your fun, but are in a way necessary as they give you a means to get money. So many people want money from the hackers, and that is the reason there are so so many in the online. If things cost less, there wouldnt be as many.Overall, good single player, bad online,♥♥♥♥♥♥advancement and stupidly high pricing of items that require microtransactions in a $40 game..."
76561198146764682,Not Recommended,271590,34821375,Posted: 8 September,all,Trainwreck,"Can no longer find any reason to play this game. Rockstar is more focused on adding half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC's, than doing anything about the modders that plague online and make it impossible to earn money legitimately. One lobby you're contstanly blowing up upon spawning, and the next they've removed all your weapons leaving you helpless.Oh and removing money from people who spent hours earning, playing your game..."
,Not Recommended,271590,34638815,Posted: 31 August,all,Daniil Blyat,"I enjoyed this game for a long time, but what happend lately changed that. During the summersale of 2017 I bought a shark card because I was enjoying the game. Lately Rockstar ajusted my money and removed all the money I gained with the shark card purchase. After contacting the Rockstar support I heard that it was ajusted because I illegaly gained money. As far as I'm aware that happened just after the game released, so I don't know why they did it a week ago (seems a little late to me).After contacting them again they still say they didn't remove my money that I gained from the shark card.Singleplayer: 9/10multiplayer: 8/10 (would have been higher I there were less cheaters in the beginning)support: 4/10"
76561198169601005,Not Recommended,271590,32742142,Posted: 24 June,all,$P@GHETT!,While I do Like This Game I cant give it a positive due to its mistreatment Of Online Players and the Modding Community.
,Not Recommended,271590,29630490,Posted: 1 February,all,lun boi,"Do not buy this game until they fix their cheat scanning system, hence its to damn flawed.NO i'm not banned, my friend is, and he got banned quite a long time ago, compared to the spray of reviews currently.But since more people are talking the issue i know its no coincidence, he got banned for no reason, and i bought the game for him, so of course i'm quite agitated about that, he tried getting customer service but all he gets is automated messages that told us nothing of why he is getting banned. We got him to reinstall the game some times, clearly didn't help and we even begun considering to delete his character for suspecting that he might've recieved modded money on older gen.But as i came along i've realized that thats not the issue, the issue is that you're getting banned for 3rd party software. It could be even a virus on your pc. It could be unrelated to even gta 5.Why i have come to this conclusion is because i have gotten all the above, never modded tho, but i have recieved modded money and heck i even glitched a bit of cash, so why the hell am i not banned somehow, but my friend is getting banned who has not done any of the above? Well simple, either he is getting for banned for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or getting banned for 3rd party software that we can't find.And wtf innocents are getting banned while i see atleast 1-5 modders everyday in online."
,Not Recommended,271590,29425107,Posted: 22 January,all,Arran,"This game is so much better than the last and it's definitely fun to play but there are some extremely annoying things and bugs that shouldn't be there because how can a billion dollar company not have the resources to fix common issues with their game?The graphics are incredible, the map is incredible, 3 different characters is a great idea, they even found a way to reintroduce rampages. I even bought a new graphics card just so I can play this in higher settings and there are times it looks like real life the graphics are that good. The multiplayer is 20 times better than GTA IV's there's hardly any cheaters. They fixed their epic fail of not having anti aliasing, which was something that made GTA IV look bad.I actually recommend this game but I don't want to give it a ""yes"" because that would be like saying ""everything is okay, you don't need to fix anything"" - when things do need fixing and they won't fix them if the percentage of recommendations are too high.I will list various problems I've encounted, problems a game made by a billion dollar company shouldn't have:- Was driving along then suddenly a hacker attaches a vault door to me, and I have some weapons that I didn't have before, knowing Rockstar they'll ban me instead of the actual hacker. If a hacker can give remote players weapons that is utterly pathethic programming and which puts me at risk of getting banned for something completely out of my control.- Some hacker was able to warp the entire server to 1 location and obviously we all got blown up a second later. Again this is some utterly pathethic programming if a remote player can change your position.- It's possible to get banned for an unstated reason when you did nothing wrong, happened to a friend on their first day of playing.- When passenger in a vehicle the driver can suddenly stop driving and then the car will teleport 30 seconds away, which is some horrible desync. Happens almost constantly.- Sometimes chat messages are not received by remote players which makes you think they're ignoring you.- Join friends button says it failed to find a game when there is clearly a game to join.- Opposes community multiplayer mod makers yet has no problem with cheaters who have got completely impossible scores or top times on races, like completing a race in less than 1 second why would you not set a minimum / maximum limit on that...- Chat box randomly decides to stop opening when pressing the key.- The game has crashed sometimes.- 4 player heists that can be completely ruined by someone quiting, especially if they're no longer even required for completion. I've seen someone quit when were were 5 seconds away from completing a 15 minute mission.- Can't enter vehicle as passenger if there's no driver, though this exists for MC president and business CEO's there's no reason why holding F can't work for everyone.- Can't disable / remove weapons so have to cycle through useless guns to get to the good guns which is especially annoying when in a vehicle and it always starts you of with a rubbish weapon.- Just played a mission where the tanker we had to hijack was completely desynced.- Joining online games is a lot slower than it should be, especially annoying when combined with getting kicked after 2 minutes of idle.- Unable to save multiplayer stats seems to happen once a week which makes me worry that my work won't be saved if I quit before it says ""save successful"" which can be a while.- Players getting almost invincible tanks or APC and deathmatching with them in freeroam, even spawn killing outside buildings when you exit them, then they keep killing you over and over and you have almost no chance at stopping them.- Having to re-create motorcycle club or business every day and re-invite and re-promote members.- Game often starts in windowed mode, would be very annoying if I didn't know about alt + enter fix.- Sometimes max FPS gets set to 30 and you have to change vsync setting to get it back to 60 FPS.- Animation when entering vehicle freezes often in multiplayer.- I was in passive mode modifying my vehicle when some troll killed the mod shop guy, preventing me from being able to mod my vehicle.- High level players shouldn't be put in freeroam with newer players. Minigun vs pistol isn't fair.- Going to huge efforts for a CEO or MC mission which you're forced to play on public only to have some random level 500 player with a fighter jet destroy your objective and they actually get paid for ruining your mission and if you manage to kill them they become a sore loser and will hunt you down for the next 10 minutes.- You can sprint while aiming sniper rifle, in multiplayer you'll see players rapidly moving left and right while somehow managing to head shot you.- LJT phoning me up every 5 minutes saying I need to restock a business that's shut down and there's not even a way to sell it.- Getting a phone call while you're aiming sniper rifle causes you to stop aiming.- As if the game isn't slow enough to load they force us to watch 30 seconds of intro and legal crap, causing the whole world to lose thousands of hours of time."
76561198126104052,Not Recommended,271590,29559984,Posted: 29 January,all,CSAVAGE8100,its fun and all i love these games and everything but im thumbs down for this one only because i was messing with the grapple mod and got banned for 2 weeks. i figured i was fine and it was all fixed did it again banned for a month. immediately after i get unbanned i hop on gta online to play with my friend (i forgot to get rid of mod files) i get disconnected and i try to rejoin and ive been perm banned and they wont bother to go any further to see what i was rlly doing with mods.i hate rockstar but love their games
,Not Recommended,271590,27397862,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lonegunspy,"GTAV is a great single player experience with a fun and rich story, but it's. No longer supported so what you get is it.  No new content.Want to know what playing GTA Online is like?  The significant portion of the GTAV value?  Well...Imagine that you live in a really crappy neighborhood, bullies and criminals everywhere. The authorities are there too, but they just sit on every corner eating donuts, getting paid for doing absolutely nothing. Yet despite all this, the cost of living keeps going up, its harder to get anything at all, but you resolve to work harder.Everyday you leave your crappy home and commute to and from work, always looking over your shoulder, worried someone will do something to mess with you.Today, you're somewhat happy, its payday and you have your pay in your pocket, finally something to show for your hard work.  But then, someone assaults you, but they don't rob you, they plant a counterfeit bill in your pocket and glue a gun in your hand.  They then kick you into the street, and the authorities spot you.  They know what happened, they know it's a problem that happens a lot.  Still they come after you, shouting ""Criminal! Drop the gun!""  You explain you can't. You show them your hand, it's like they don't listen. They beat you, just repeating ""Criminal! Criminal!"" After you're down and beaten, they find the counterfeit 20, they take it, but they take your all your pay as well, ""evidence, it all must be counterfeit,"" they say, ""but we'll let you off since you pay our salary, but stop counterfeiting money, you filthy criminal!""  They kick you one last time, then go back to their donuts, while the bully who framed you is left alone across the street laughing to themselves.That's how it feels to be a legitimate player  in GTA Online.  If a hacker messes with you, Rockstar will go after you, the victim, and punish you to the full extent they can, you can play for 500 hours and earn $10,000,000 and if someone does something to you, they can reset your progress to zero, or ban you at their whim.  They don't have to provide any evidence, they don't have to show any proof. If you protest you get copy paste replies, telling you you're a cheater and threatening you to stop cheating and breaking their rules, and then they close your tickets.Why buy or play a game, where any progress can be reset for any reason, without any proof?  You shouldn't.Rockstar is the real criminal here, it's a crime to treat loyal paying customers like this.  But they do it happily."
76561198091329726,Not Recommended,271590,35041973,Posted: 18 September,all,DynastyWarrior,"I played for almost 2 weeks and they took all my legit money, i never encountered a cheater or even cheated and they just simply took it without mentioning any reasons, wasted my time online and my money."
,Not Recommended,271590,34802112,Posted: 7 September,all,darkbladeR89,"♥♥♥♥ this gameThey make it based on microtransactions, make everything overpriced because people play the game and can make money like what, they destroy mods because they are too dumb on how to code to stop assets from being used, then they bring back mods because of backlash, then they copy another game wtf, then they ""update"" my money and rp and decide to take away $1.4 million when they actually owe me over $600k so ♥♥♥♥ me right.I was going to leave a negative review a long time ago but this was the last straw.♥♥♥♥ off Rockstar and Take Two go suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198090594132,Not Recommended,271590,35335681,Posted: 30 September,all,Espeoni,"If you want this for multiplayer, do not buy, it is almost impossible to truly experience without shelling out some serious money, the amount of grinding is absolutely ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,271590,15690797,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Shammy,"Want to take advantage of the PC platform?♥♥♥♥ you, you're now permanently banned."
,Not Recommended,271590,32543348,Posted: 18 June,all,Rynea,"RockStar have done some rather ''stupid'' stuff in the past but this, oooooh boy this is on another level of stupidity. Thank you RockStar and thank you Take-Two for removing our reason to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,34627474,Posted: 30 August,all,JimSilver[Tk's],"Got hacked money tossed onto me, Rockstar's brilliant idea is to clean my character. Brilliant. All of my time playing is now worthless. Beware if you even play, just playing can expose you to getting your character wiped."
,Recommended,271590,15531498,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Detox,Best GTA ever. Must have.
,Not Recommended,271590,32686918,Posted: 23 June,all,fat boi,Only buy this game if you're literally Hitler.
76561198077971712,Not Recommended,271590,32603928,Posted: 20 June,all,Gathon,"The Campaign mode is horribly dull when compared with the rest of the series. The characters are awesome, but the story and several missions...Bland. They could have built something beautiful, something far more intricate. Solo, it just feels very limited.Online.....Yikes. It is a hit and a miss, honestly. Sometimes you'll find a server with some decent folks, group up together and do jobs, be it selling drugs and whatnot from businesses, stealing and selling cars, the works...But the vast majority will seek you out and hound you every step of the way, making sure you're stopped in your tracks to prevent you from getting money. The worst ones are those nerds that are in jets that fly around doing airstrikes across the city. The messed up part, is no matter how much destruction they cause, the cops never seem to want to take them down.The game itself is VERY fun, not going to lie. Love the customization, from cars, to guns to clothes. But to make money, it all hinges on who your put with in a server. Lack of money stands in the way of unlocking and customizing.Kind of wish they had a sort of bodyguard option, not just the Merryweather Support chopper and the merc hitsquad. Would be cool to hire some thugs or whatever to follow you around and help defend you. It is kind of needed when you get chased across Los Santos without any sort of support.I didn't use mods all that much, however I did use it in solo-player, installed that Bodyguard mod, and it was pretty damn fun. Played out a turf war, with Franklin and a group of Green guys. Wreaked havoc with Michael and a team of security guards. And sowed chaos just about everywhere with Trevor, with a bunch of hobos and addicts. Good times.Anyway. People are attacking Rockstar and Taketwo about the modding thing, and I totally understand and get that. I would have been pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥too. But they are in fact, running a business and are looking for ways to milk out the cash out of us. Instead of investing in better anti-cheats and whatnot, they decided to say 'no' to all mods in general.I see their point of veiw, and I see ours. I don't think we ought to judge them too harshly. If it was us running this, we'd probably do the same thing, but I am sure there are better alternatives. I hope they patch things up, and I hope they continue to create great games. Though maybe without as much useless emphasis on the Movies, golf, tennis, when some folks would rather run their own Cartel, Cult, or Government Agency or whatever."
,Recommended,271590,27349511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kuasimoddo,I gave up on my real life and decided to live in Los Santos. They have everything you could possible need and way more entertainment than in the city I live in.
,Recommended,271590,32809671,Posted: 26 June,all,Startrance,"OpenIV is back and is in talk with Rockstar.Here is the message from Rockstar.After discussions with Take-Two, Take-Two has agreed that it generally will not take legal action against third-party projects involving Rockstar's PC games that are single-player, non-commercial, and respect the intellectual property (IP) rights of third parties. This does not apply to (i) multiplayer or online services; (ii) tools, files, libraries, or functions that could be used to impact multiplayer or online services, or (iii) use or importation of other IP (including other Rockstar IP) in the project.Great game and now when modding is back for single player, there is no need to continue ♥♥♥♥♥ing and crying anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,16366864,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nuffy,"Let's keep it short and simple.DO NOT BUY.DO NOT SUPPORT ROCKSTAR.NOT NOW. NOT IN THE FUTURE.I could go in to extreme detail of why, but everyone has already bought this game and it's too late. Even I got suckered in to getting it on PC.JUST. DONT."
76561198041788492,Not Recommended,271590,32419361,Posted: 14 June,all,[SoL]Brian3898,"Take 2 needs to go to hell tbchSigned, OpenIV"
76561198121318271,Not Recommended,271590,32645801,Posted: 22 June,all,Frick Diction,"Online takes 5 minutes to get into after the game has loaded.The new update has broken online play. You have either the hackers or the people who buy the rip off shark cards that have all the upgrades for the new gear. They are extremely overpowered compared to what was in the game before and it makes trying to do anything agaisnt them impossible.Also, even though Rockstar and Take Two have allowed mods again. Take Two is still a money hungry company that doesn't care about anything else. And despite appearences Rockstar is this way too."
76561198141867371,Not Recommended,271590,32672268,Posted: 23 June,all,nex,I just wanted to help the cause and leave my negative review.
,Not Recommended,271590,32604970,Posted: 20 June,all,[PP] tayybabeh,"I joined the bandwagon of ""♥♥♥♥ you"""
,Not Recommended,271590,32604976,Posted: 20 June,all,Rakshas,Join the bandwagon.
,Recommended,271590,15577115,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Zigs,"Graphic: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10Story: 10/10Another Masterpiece from Rockstar Games..""10/10 BEST GAME EVER..."""
,Not Recommended,271590,19574323,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Forte of Gray,"This review is NOT for single player mode. If you don't care about Online, ignore my review. If you're curious about the Online component, read this. Don't downvote my review because it's about Online. Online is part of the game.With that out of the way, let me make this perfectly clear. I do not care about single player mode myself. I only care about the online. This review is about GTA: Online. The singleplayer experience is amazing. If you are thinking about buying this for the singleplayer and you enjoy sandbox games, do it. Just avoid GTA: Online.I'll state some positives. First person mode makes this an entirely different game. It's truly amazing especially in cars. I will say the guns are noisy in first person mode. They just click and clatter way too much. I don't think real guns sound that flimsy but it's not a big problem. Driving is tight, it feels exactly like it should. Cover can be a bit annoying but it's still fun. There's plenty to do in the online outside of assigned jobs, like events. Okay, now to the stuff that matters...GTA: Online has caused me more frustration than the first time I fought a Capra Demon in Dark Souls 1. I played Xbox 360's version of GTA: O for a long time before the next-gen ports were released. Several of its issues transferred over to PC. The load times are attrocious. It seems to be network related. ON ROCKSTARS END... At least 30% of my playtime is spent watching a load screen.30 seconds to get into a lobby. I'm in. I try to accept a job invite. 20 second load screen. Host leaves or game filled up while I was loading. Cool, get sent back to lobby and watch 20 second load screen. Lobby is full of hackers, okay, new lobby time. 30 second load screen. More hackers.COOL.Cops are a problem more than is reasonable. They are way too sensitive and CONSTANTLY interfere with PVP activity. I ran a test. Stood in the middle of nowhere, no players or NPCs anywhere near me. No traffic. I shot a silenced pistol at the side of an abandoned house. One star. Cop spawns 50 ft away, sees me. I flee. Two stars. That makes no f*cking sense. I try to hide, map shows they can't see me and that they are in search mode. None of them are near me. Suddenly, magically, they know where I am. It just randomly gives the cops your position. They are overwhelming, they don't stop spawning when you kill them which makes it no fun to fight them and they will kill you for walking in front of them. I got a star last night while I was parked. Doing nothing. Frankly, if the cops were tuned better and would just f*ck off, I'd be able to forgive most of the game's other flaws. The cops really ruin the online experience for me more than the hackers. Yeah, they're that bad. Losing them isn't the problem. That's a common misunderstanding when people complain about the cops. It's not losing them, it's how easily you get a wanted level and how easily it escalates. GTA 4's online had a no-cops lobby option, why does its sequel not?Your screen is constantly bombarded and flooded with box popups about events and job invites. You can't turn any of it off. You will 90% of the time have popups on the left side of your screen and you can't do anything about it. It's terrible and annoying. My nerves are grated from this alone.As for hacking...As in the past (Red Dead Redemption, GTA 4) Rockstar is doing nothing to deal with the rampant and clear-as-day hacking going on in the online component of GTA 5. Reporting does nothing and you can't fight back in-game. If reporting worked, these hackers would not have accumulated the vast hours of playtime or rank-ups they have. They'd have been dealt with before rank 900. Every lobby, someone is hacking. And it's not 'oh I couldn't kill him so I claim he is hacking'. It's 'this guy just spawned a windmill, teleported on top of it and jammed a button on his keyboard to remotely and instantly explode every single user in the lobby.' I have NEVER, not ONE time been in a lobby with other people and not been attacked by a hacker. Exploding people, shooting bags of money everywhere, giving people tanks.One guy was with someone he just met in the lobby. Guy A hacking, Guy B friend. 'A' tells 'B' he'll teleport him to people with bounties and help him kill them to claim the reward. Warps to me in an underground subway station, kills me, takes the bounty. Repeat for 30 minutes. Another guy crashes a jet into me, same crew by the way. I say 'Hey, same crew', he says 'f*** crews'. I unload half a clip of an assault rifle into him at 15 ft distance, he loses ZERO health. Kills me, I accuse him of hacking. His response was 'suck a d*** fa***t'. Should have known the guy with no shirt, skater shorts and shoes, a sideways ballcap and full body tattoos flying a fighter jet over the city wasn't a classy individual.Let me explain something to you hacker dipsh*ts. If I'm the type of person trying to get the legit experience of the game that I paid real life cash for, level up, earn game money like a grown up with more than two braincells, and you shoot twenty million dollars at me, you just totally ruined the experience for me. Now you've taken the incentive, the journey, to growing my character away from me. I have no more reason to try to earn cash, to do jobs, to do heists, to be careful. You killed that for me. Ever hear the expression 'it's not about the destination, it's the journey'? That's because if I have all the f*cking money I could ever need then I don't need to do the content to earn money!If you even EXIST in the game with cheats, you've imbalanced the playing field. You do not exist as a player who can die, who has the same disadvantages and advantages I have because you don't need to do anything to earn anything, you just have everything! I can't kill you, I can't beat you in freeroam challenges and if we are doing a job together you're just going to cheat and speed through the entire thing. So why should I bother? People spend their hardearned money on this game and you f*ck it up for them. I don't want to hear that 'what if they're not bothering you' excuse. YOU'RE NOT ON THE SAME PLAYINGFIELD AS THE REST OF US IF YOU ARE CHEATING. Get the f*ck out and never come back. You don't deserve to play this game if you are such a coward and a lazy bum, the only way you can enjoy an online game is to give yourself a severe advantage over everyone else.If you want this game based on the online, 5/10. Why 5/10 if hackers, cops and the interface are such big problems? Because the game itself is amazing. The driving controls, the jobs, the shooting mechanics, the first person. It's a good game but the state in which the online exists right now ruins the experience.Rockstar... Hackers are preventing people from playing this game. I want to shoot enemies, take cover from fire, drive fast, make enemies and friends, earn cash and buy weapons and property. I can't do that when every time I log in I'm being torn a new one by a cheater. They trivialize the experience and need to be dealt with. The fact you are allowing them to do this like you have in all your past online games is, in my opinion, a scam because you continue to accept cash for the product and refuse to fix it. RDR, GTA4, you name it, it had hackers and still has them to this day. Try me, go log into RDR free roam right now... Yeah, you'll figure it out."
,Recommended,271590,27371728,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pvt.Nick,best gta 100/10
76561198094030761,Not Recommended,271590,32606571,Posted: 20 June,all,Kevin_M2,"NO MORE ROCKSTAR!! NO MORE BETHESDA!! GREEDY♥♥♥♥♥PEOPLE!! SMH, SO GREEDY, NOT GETTING MY MONEY EVER AGAIN. DELETING THIS GAME AND NOT BUYING RDR2. SHAME & GREED."
76561198130121288,Not Recommended,271590,32606554,Posted: 20 June,all,[D-16] tgirard16,#saveopen IV there was no reason for this except corporate greed
76561198169536825,Not Recommended,271590,32606555,Posted: 20 June,all,that guy,booomods rock(star)
,Not Recommended,271590,32531009,Posted: 18 June,all,Izamito Vodquilla Carpaccio,"Not delivering on Singleplayer DLC, willynilly banning of players, and now the C&D towards OpenIV.This is the only way to have a bit of influence on the publisher. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,271590,26331417,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Built4Battle,All fun in the game until you get banned for no reason
,Not Recommended,271590,30026339,Posted: 18 February,all,miffleypuf,Rockstar support did nothing when i said i was hacked and banned for no reason
76561198015626295,Not Recommended,271590,26223933,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Captain Shitacular,"this game is more fun playing multiplayer and still fun playing single player but, multiplayer is ruined by hackers of which rockstar has had no answer for years. Both versions are ruined by rockstar's decision to do a poor port of a lesser console version.  loading times are horendous for no reason.  After long loading times, I cant play a single session without being harrassed by some hacker with a tank or armored vehicle or simply spamming some game skin to be attached to me.   Sometimes a hacker simply makes you explode.This game isn't worth $10 until rockstar does something to protect this game.  don't buy this game wihtout expecting every multiplayer session to result in dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,271590,32668848,Posted: 23 June,all,Demian,muie GTA V si Ponta V si Take V interactive
,Not Recommended,271590,32856234,Posted: 27 June,all,Bloxx,"No mods? No support, for both the modding and your game Take Two, Rockstar in the past has has no problem with it, and according to all of us, neither should you. Take out the hackers, there's a large difference in hackers and modders and you attacked the wrong ones."
76561197990270787,Not Recommended,271590,16369039,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GonoszPogacsa,"I wish I were able to say what an amazing game it is. Sadly I can't. Yes the single player is amazing immense etc I loved it.But as for most people for me it would be about the online. Here are some facts:-no anticheat or any possibility to filter hackers online. Hackers ruin free roam mode. They freeze you in a spot they spawn UFOs in front of your 3 million game dollar costing jet that you had been farming for 4 days non stop heist and missions, they have miniguns which shoot moneybags, corrupting other players who are BEGGING for these internet gods for pennies, not realizing that it ruins their game too as there will be no value for them to buy anything. They use godmode autoaim etc you stand no chance againist them. They hold all the races' world records with like 20 milliseconds(!!!!!!!!).-still no joystick support (I never played with a joypad and I'm not planning to do so. I bought a £50 costing joystick ONLY for this game to learn that it is so console smelling that the dear creators ignored to put joy stick support into the game. I made it work through a profiler program that makes it kinda work although it is not the best solution because it mimics keyboard not a joypad and it was a pain to set up and now as the trial expired it wants me to pay for it too.Rockstar's excuse from a pc release was the torrenting. Like others, I paid good money as soon as it was released as I pay for all the games I like and play. Rockstar your argument is invalid we paid to play. And sadly we paid to play a game that COULD HAVE BEEN the best game ever created. I could speak hour about the beauty of the landscape, the nice sunsets the effects and everything. Sadly it is dwarfed by those issues I mentioned and it is just a part of it.Here is this nice new DLC how is it called? Ah: ill gotten goods. Yes it is ill, it brings you a few shiny cars, jets, jewellery whatever. It just doesn't bring the change that was promised. Servers are still full of hackers, my joystick still doesn't want to work (guys you developed on pc it is not a console why do you want to force me to buy a console controller???) and the mouse control is still very console like.I am very disappointed, probably like many others.Yes buy the game, play offline then uninstall it and forget otherwise you just get mad because of the lack of caring in online.The funny thing is that rockstar is selling game money so the hackers are killing their business too, they still not care."
76561198082623259,Not Recommended,271590,32745332,Posted: 24 June,all,DontShootMeh,"♥♥♥♥ YOU, THIS IS FOR OPEN IV"
,Not Recommended,271590,32594723,Posted: 20 June,all,「Damaged Vortex」,"♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥tar, Rip OpenIV, Goodbye sweet prince"
,Not Recommended,271590,32465301,Posted: 15 June,all,ᴴ ᴱ ᴸ ᴸ ᴳ ᴬ,How to kill a game long after it should of been dead:Remove the modding community all together
,Not Recommended,271590,32432933,Posted: 15 June,all,Triumphtier,"Killing mods is killing the game, without mods theyre making singleplayer useless and pushing pay for play in multiplayer. Its not like anyone even buys shark cards with all the hackers running around giving money."
,Not Recommended,271590,25704285,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ironside451,"The story is lackluster, but I think that what people want to know is how the multiplayer feels. I can tell you the multiplayer feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unless you are shelling out real money for shark cards constantly, you have to deal with the least intuitive multiplayer I have ever encountered. You will be stuck in loading screens hovering above the damn city the majority of the time. About half the time your connection will drop out and you will have to wait for the game to load you put you back into a game, IF you’re lucky it’s the same game you and your friends were playing in, but most of the time it will be a random♥♥♥♥♥server with like three people in it. Even if you just want to ♥♥♥♥ around in free mode more likely than not you’ll find yourself abandoned when every player decides to leave the game at once due to some ♥♥♥♥ing connection issue.This game is really pay to win. Every aspect of this game is made to make you buy shark cards, there is a little fine for just about every action, from dying to spawning a car. The prices of even the simplest pieces of clothing are insane.Your character is weak as ♥♥♥♥. In GTA 4 you could ragdoll down a hill no problem, in this game if you so much as get sneezed on your ♥♥♥♥ing dead. This is of course so you have to buy a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of snacks, armor and weapons, all of which are ineffective and overpriced.If this game is any indication of what GTA 6 is going to be like, then I am very worried. Rock star is stretching itself thing making huge environments with no substance in them."
76561198050084361,Not Recommended,271590,34623765,Posted: 30 August,all,Selim Shady ft. Abdul Savage,"what kind of scumbag move is this rockstar? ur anti cheat system is jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ it targets legit people, rather than the actual modders. lost 33 million, my 3 months worth of work. just coz ur anti cheat system thot that it was ""Illegitimate"". u guys r literally pushing legit players to the limit where they have to take help from modders even if they didnt wanted to in the first place."
76561198034469325,Not Recommended,271590,32560665,Posted: 19 June,all,whomst'd've'ly'yaint'nt'ed'ies,"Take-Two needs to get some sense into their thick skulls and understand gamers and see them as people, and not as sub-human money cows."
76561198072969085,Not Recommended,271590,34629231,Posted: 31 August,all,Ricky Slicc,"Don't waste time in the online like I did unless you have a good group of pals to play with. Without friends it's just grindy, repetitive, low payout missions for the first 100 hours, and once you're past that the only thing that changes is you gain more ways to earn money just a little faster. I mean sure you get vehicles, cool clothes, weapons, etc. but it doesn't do any good against the invincible force known as hackers. There WILL be on in every single game you play. They will kill you and they are invincible. The only option is to join another game or quit unless you like being tortured. Not even passive mode allows you to escape their onslaught, their gauntlet. You'll likely get bombarded by and crushed by thousands of tons of steel as the hackers spawn dozens of vehicles directly over top of you, eventually leading to your death and the crashing of your game. Got friends? Play in a private lobby. Otherwise, you've been warned. Final verdict? Online's♥♥♥♥♥♥ the content while vast is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, frustrating, boring, and worst of all is that you can spend dozens of hours grinding a way just to get it blown away by a hacker in seconds because of how♥♥♥♥♥♥poor rockstar's excuse for an anti-cheat system is. If this isn't convincing enough not to get the game, good luck. You'll likely regret it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32610056,Posted: 20 June,all,TechNiVolt,NO More Moda. Nuff said
,Not Recommended,271590,16432886,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Volken Víðarr,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...  Full of Chinese hackers, game punishes you for playing the game, Also i love being matched with people that are either max rank or at least 40 levels above me or other players, that means more armor health and abilty to kill you easier!.Gun Running update: Waiting Simulatore, Cash cards galore, Also have you ever wanted to look like a Off duty military personal? This is the update for you,Modding Issue: Now how ami supposed to get money?, Play the ♥♥♥♥ing game constantly..over and over doing the same missions..For ever..For nothing?..♥♥♥♥ that. Don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32589304,Posted: 20 June,all,Vlasterx,"Developer trying to make money from mods? I can never support this.This is the way EA killed magnificent mods for Battlefield after BF2 and this is the history repeating.So long money grabbers, I will never buy your games again."
76561198100807115,Not Recommended,271590,24244308,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Violet Rose,"Note: my review applies exclusively to GTA Online.I have heard mostly positive things about the single player, but I bought it for online and have only played online.GTA Online is in many senses an enticing prospect. Drive around wreaking havoc and committing organized crimes with friends and randoms? Cool cars, cool clothes, cool weapons and a lot of cool explosions? Sounds great, right? Well, it would be, except for some pretty severe problems. The most extreme is the grindiness of it; between rank requirements (not too bad) and money requirements (horrible), you can get the shabby essentials in a reasonable amount of time, but ahugeproportion of Online's content is so hideously expensive that only highly-skilled people grinding heists daily in pre-organized groups can really expect to get there without just paying Rockstar some real cash for online cash. And obviously, Rockstar likes it this way, since the more people get frustrated and just want that fancy apartmentthismonth as opposed to two months from now, the more money they rake in. Additionally, one big pet peeve of mine is the game's tendency to throw you into sessions with strangers with no warning or ability to confirm/deny, including theintro mission.I won't really comment on the fact that higher rank players have access to extremely powerful things and will repeatedly kill you with them, that's kind of obvious for a game of this nature and there are multiple ways to avoid it.On top of the grind, which is already pretty awful (more or less one of the worst of its kind in the entire Western market), the game is just not that smooth of an experience. Load times are long, GPU requirements are high, controls (except for shooting) are sluggish and unresponsive compared to other modern titles, menus are confusing to navigate with similar-seeming features scattered across entirely separate menus, and the netcode is just outright bad. Many times, while logging into online or switching between sessions, I've had it just fail out on me and dump me back to single playerafterenduring the stupid loading screen already. While in sessions with people who are a bit farther away geographically, I've persistently had issues with the game bugging out while I'm in their vehicles - it acts as though they stopped driving, then seconds to minutes later corrects itself, and get this: if something like a helicopter crash happened as a result,I actually die.That's right. This game isn't even really running on a server, it just passes people's actions around from client to client. Which, obviously, is a hacker's paradise, and to this day Rockstar hasn't really been able to stop people from using cheats online. Though they do a suspiciously persistent job of trying to get rid of the money-generating cheats specifically - the category that affects the quality of the online experience for other players the least, and Rockstar's cash flow the most.However, in spite of the many horrible flaws, there's still a glimmer of something bright, like a diamond flushed into the sewer. Driving around, committing crimes, and being stupid with friends and strangers actuallycanbe fun. The issue is, it's fun inspiteof GTA Online and the way Rockstar bungled it. So unless you want to play single player, already have a group of people lined up to play with, or are simply a die-hard GTA enthusiast willing to overlook the many grating issues, I suggest giving this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,271590,32589290,Posted: 20 June,all,AndyVM,"All support to ""OpenIV""Petition...Support OpenIVShame you T2 and F*** Y** 2Today Rockstar Games, and their publisher TakeTwo Interactive sent a cease and desist to the developers of OpenIV, a tool made for modding GTA and allowing the games to thrive years after release. So much time and effort put into the tool so that people could make the game their own and it's all gone due to the greed of Rockstar and TakeTwo. I will never buy another Rockstar game after this and it was bad enough as it was with them turning onlline play from something basic and fun in GTA IV into a greed propeled grindfest.Once upon a time I would have recommended this game, I would have recommended any Rockstar game but not anymore."
76561198166824769,Not Recommended,271590,32639472,Posted: 22 June,all,HORSE giblets,tut tut tut why the ♥♥♥♥ would you ban open iv i just dont get.from gta san to gta 5 your games are known for there modding take that away and its just a alright game with no good aspects . im i right or am i right
,Not Recommended,271590,32613221,Posted: 21 June,all,Brulzie,"216 hours in and I quit MP for some SP modding fun. Take2 bans modding tools that a lot of other game makers verbally support. Oh well, they've made their money so screwing over their community is just about right for Take2."
76561197970500437,Not Recommended,271590,32636794,Posted: 22 June,all,m33p,"no mods support now,, 2 demerits you sellout game developers"
76561198035197960,Not Recommended,271590,32594740,Posted: 20 June,all,Old-fashioned Hurgusburgus,NOW YOU ♥♥♥♥ED UP! NOW YOU ♥♥♥♥ED UP! YOU HAVE ♥♥♥♥ED UP NOW! NOW YOU HAVE ♥♥♥♥ED UP!
,Not Recommended,271590,15681835,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,WassaW,"A guy on my team speed hacked, hole team got banned 10/10 would get banned agian -.-"
,Not Recommended,271590,29789693,Posted: 8 February,all,KMZ ✞ 809,"Singleplayer is great, no complaints there. Thats where most of my hours are from. But once you finish it, just like any other game, youre gonna go online cuz theres nothin left to do offline. And thats where the problem is.GTA Online is literal cancer. EVERY session has some sort of hacker, modder, or whatever tf theyre called now. You would think a company like Rockstar would have the time and money to implement some system against it like VAC, but no. They just sit back and swim in the cash they get from us ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wasting our money on Shark Cards. Even beyond that, theres the annoying♥♥♥♥♥invites to some stupid motorcycle club you dont wanna join or some C.E.O spamming invites like theres no tomorrow.  The fact you have to turn on passive mode just to drive 3 blocks so you dont get blown up. Another player following you around as if youre a genie and he/she needs three wishes. Pretty much the only way to enjoy Online is in a friend-only session. The only thing that makes me even bother going online are the game modes like Collection Time, Kill Quota, Juggernaut, but even those are being ruined by health hackers once in a while.So to sum it all up, singleplayer is like living in Hollywood Hills. Multiplayer is like living in a Haitian village."
76561198054616530,Not Recommended,271590,28235261,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,:) CSGO500,>Enter an online session.>Cheater starts shooting money  and spawn things to everyone.>And after only one day playing GTA Online.>Get banned.And the other bad thing is i can't make refund -30 eur.GG RockStar♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Update:Don't waste you'r time to write to the support whey will respond you with copy/paste message.Sorry for my bad english. ;)
76561198008114077,Not Recommended,271590,15599260,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Number 2,"Impressions of playing the game mostly online~ (This will be an online gameplay review)Well, i purchased GTAV. All i can say is i didn't realise i purchased ""Loading Simulator 2020 HD Edition""Kidding aside, to elaborate, of my '91hours' on record at this moment, its safe to say ive spent 3/4 of it loading! Holy Crap man.-On start up,-Online mode,-Missions/Heists--Starting them,--inbetween choosing more missions--finishing missions/heists(which constantly crash while loading which gets you locked loading with no way out other than to either Alt + F4 or try join someone elses game with Rockstar social club thing if anyone else is on),Though this is a personal niche of mine.--Cutscenes (that you cant skip & some you can after you have seen it before, if one person hasn't seen one before in heists sit back and watch a good 5min odd cutscene each time).Thats just some parts that need loading.I know what your thinking ""well of course you need to wait for loading stupid head!""And your right! good job fellow nublet. See now this wouldn't be an issue at all assuming loading times were minimal and the amount of times to load were minimal, but hey that would be too mainstream, 5min loading time average~ assuming you don't time out/Crash and need to load up the whole damn game from the beginning and as mentioned above there's just too much, if you want to make people load up 5 mins for 2mins of gameplay thats fine i guess, at least make sure it god damn loads up.Now lets get into things that need fixes.-like joining friends, sometimes you cant join friends from a number of issues, like having not done tutorial(even though you have done it before).-Also an issue where you may be buying stuff from convenience store dude for snacks, and if someone comes around and holds it up while your in it, you are stuck there, unable to move or get out, even after the thing is over.-Missing weapons, sometimes you lose weapons/lose all weapons and need to buy them all again.-idling time out, 2min idle time it seems. Which is fair enough but i personally think its too short, maybe 5mins.(only a problem since you gotta load in again yay more loading screens. Which funny enough if your stuck in a loading screen you cant idle out which is the only thing i can imagine the idle out being somewhat useful)In fact, as I am typing this, I am stuck ""Loading"" Launching a mission for the past 10mins with no way out because you cant just press esc to leave, the only way out is to alt + F4 and exit the whole game and load it up from the beginning which takes about 5-10mins just to boot up. I just...... no words.Wait Loading simulator 2020: HD Edition.ALL that negitive aside, the game runs great when it works. Which is funny because sometimes as your playing, the game still crashes. Happens randomly though not too often. Though i wouldn't know having not really played much of the god damn game.Sorry too busy crashing at loading screens and sitting through loading screens to get a really good run. End rant :P Seriously though, i would recommend this game easy balls if people could actually run it without pulling hair out at every minute of loading."
76561197969745164,Not Recommended,271590,15602749,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Visnarel,"2 Years late, and the sheer number of bugs, glitches, crashes and general failures makes for an exceedingly frustrating experience, on top of no tech support, no updates or releases and no word from Rockstar turns a possible fun experience into a huge waste of time"
,Not Recommended,271590,16411487,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TKB || Jeff McBiscuit,"I bought it to play online with my friends, but it just became such a frustrating experience actually trying to play with them it sucked all the fun out of it for me.The loading times are appalling, getting into a server with someone you know is a nightmare, staying in that server for longer than a single mission / race or whatever is totally random, and I constantly desync with one friend who lives less than an hour from me. I mean come on, to even start a server you have to wait the ten years for it to load you into single player first, and that's only if you want to create one from boot. If you happen to already be online, then you have to drop out of online via ten minutes of loading screens, load single player, then load online again. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.At some point in the future I'll get the desire to play through the single player and will probably enjoy it, but I'm so disappointed in the online aspect, which was the big lure for me, that I'm not really in any rush to load it up again."
,Not Recommended,271590,16416209,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SunlesS[TH],"i can't refund this gamebecause ""shark cash card"" can't refundSteam trick meI'm very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32562545,Posted: 19 June,all,Reetonzzz,"Take Two Interactive are the worst publishers. They are ruining Rockstars game with a horrible online mode that is full of ""microtransactions"", they are hardly micro since they can cost more than the damb game. Now that they have killed the modding scene this game is not worth having anymore and I am worried about Reddead Redemption 2 if it actually comes to PC after this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32586363,Posted: 20 June,all,Ironbeard97,Modding is banned so I wouldn't recommend at all.
,Not Recommended,271590,32625023,Posted: 21 June,all,Hateddd JR,Take-Two needs to Take-Two steps back and realize all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they just caused.. Bet they didn't expect this♥♥♥♥♥♥to happen.. Let OpenIV come back or I will NEVER buy another game from y'all.
,Not Recommended,271590,32643788,Posted: 22 June,all,Kryrk,"Destroying a dedicated community of passionate developers, gamers and enthusiasts in one swoop. Its sad to see Take Two remove the modding scene so abruptly. Even sadder knowing a vast majority of developers from Rockstar come from modding backgrounds. Its a spit in the face to them and their loyal customers."
76561198061314126,Not Recommended,271590,32657498,Posted: 22 June,all,BaconSunday,The reason I bought this game was for mods. T2 had removed this.
76561197972659128,Not Recommended,271590,32584671,Posted: 19 June,all,krizby,single player campaign last only 10 hours and now they try to ban modding for single players.
,Not Recommended,271590,30037021,Posted: 19 February,all,Caxx,"too many cheater, too many random ban"
76561198281836926,Not Recommended,271590,32585561,Posted: 20 June,all,Thrasy,soo bad
76561198240189252,Not Recommended,271590,26220449,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Mokuzan,"ban for no reason, well played rockshit"
76561198058547016,Not Recommended,271590,19185379,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Enharmonic,"Alright. I have to be completely blunt here. The amount of hackers that this game has online in the Public lobbies is absolutely atrocious. For the past 3 nights now, I have not been able to find 1..... not 1 public server without some idiot hacker on it. Ranging everywhere from freezing players to taking weapons to crashing my game and even sendng a 4.0GHz 32GB DDR3 RAM PC into a BSOD is absoultely horrible. It is unaceptable that you're conning people out of $60 for an online game that you do absolutely nothing at all to prevent hacking or modding in.And don't say that you do, because if you did, these no-lifes would have a fear of the consequences. I have sent emails to GTABanHammer, only for them to go unanswered after I've sent in all of the necessary details. To be quite honest, it has gotten to the point that me as well as many other players feel the need to take matters into our own hands and download said hacks in order to crash out these players and undo the mess that YOU allowed and continue to allow to happen when people get frozen, lost weapons, etc. Especially when these hackers choose to frame another player on the said server, and that player ends up paying thousands upon thousands of dollars for personal vehicle insurance claims, and in some cases, even gets sent to the ""Bad Players Lobby.""And don't even suggest to me to start a friends lobby or a crew lobby. Half the fun is playing with complete and random strangers online in huge lobbies of 20-30 people, but apparantly, you have made it where it's impossible to even do that. Do you guys really not care nor have any regard for the people that have purchased the game and actually want to play it as intended? Or do you just care about the money that you're conning out of people? It is absolutely shameful that you have done nothing at all to prevent these mods from working, or at the very least, effecting the manipulation of other players items, money and/or games.I sincerely and seriously hope that no one on your development team does any work where security is a concern, because you have more holes in your software than a 19 year old gothic emo kid has on her face."
,Not Recommended,271590,28625989,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,touuqe,"So, they're killing mods now.Cool."
,Not Recommended,271590,32680319,Posted: 23 June,all,mudderz,openIV was awesome
,Not Recommended,271590,32555064,Posted: 18 June,all,Callum W. CIV-1,"On behalf of OpenIV. You have ruined your game, well ♥♥♥♥ing done!https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32603919,Posted: 20 June,all,ACE Circe,"Ok, you take away offline modding witch does no harm to anyone, i oleave a bad review"
,Not Recommended,271590,29595808,Posted: 30 January,all,LukasBroskie,"Take Two, please tell me. Was it worth to get rid of mods and♥♥♥♥♥♥off the whole comunity?"
76561198030503470,Not Recommended,271590,32631347,Posted: 21 June,all,Trook1911,"♥♥♥♥ you rockstar, rip the modding community"
76561198263366900,Not Recommended,271590,32680374,Posted: 23 June,all,Gordon Freeman,Rockstar just made modding the game illegal....I recommend getting a pirated version and installing mods(the ones that work on pirated copies)Screw you rockstar....
76561198120452320,Not Recommended,271590,15689230,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ORIBAT,"Since the last update on steam for GTA V my game stop working after i lunching the game,and hear the sirens.Both, story and online mode"
,Not Recommended,271590,32763121,Posted: 25 June,all,Arctic_Shot,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32562566,Posted: 19 June,all,Chef Boyardee,R.I.P Singleplayer mods
76561198105370290,Not Recommended,271590,32641719,Posted: 22 June,all,SantaLovesBanta,"Well then, this game. Oh my god this game. This game is so good. The singleplayer is fantastic. The gameplay is great. It runs smoothly. There is a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of content. I rate this game in my top 3 of all time. It's so good.However,Take-Two Interactive, the greedy, micro-transaction pushing, selfish ♥♥♥♥stains have completely and utterly ruined everything good and have sucked the life out of this masterpiece more than Dracula's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ daughter sucks the life out of her boyfriends. I despise everything that Take-Two and their♥♥♥♥♥♥sack of a CEO stand for. Their tactics of ruining fun in order to make even more profit is distasteful to say the least and violently offensive to say the worst. Companies like this will kill gaming and soon enough we will only have games like Candy Crush, where there are more microtransactions than there is content.If you enjoy gaming, if you love gaming, if you support gaming in any way shape or form, then do not buy this game. Do not buy games from Take-Two until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. This can't be allowed to happen. We can'y allow them to set this precedent because it could kill gaming as we know it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32641789,Posted: 22 June,all,The chinese fagut,"This game sucks because Take Two. First  kerbal  space program, then freakin SINGLE PLAYER MODDING IN GTA V!!!i really hope rockstar will loose money for this bad bad bad mistake because they deserve itthey tweeted that they will not update singleplayer , when we finally do get an update... ITS ♥♥♥♥IN BANNING  MODS"
,Not Recommended,271590,32676121,Posted: 23 June,all,Jorgga,I rarely review and usually its if the game is really good or really bad. Or if the copyright owner/releaser/maker makes some bad decision like in this game. Modding is what keeps games alive. Modding is what makes people buy games. Look at Minecraft and think if it would be so huge success if they would have banned mods. Or any other game with huge modding base.
,Not Recommended,271590,16430915,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,⎠⎞Pawliko⎛⎝,"Changed price to 74,98€ right before summer sale."
,Not Recommended,271590,18722598,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,weirdo,"SP is fantastic, if you're buying for only SP then just wait for a sale or buy a key somewhere else.MP is a broken, laggy mess, no dedicated servers, P2P connection, more desync than DayZ or ArmA. Cars also tend to disappear from garages.They probably won't fix it anytime soon, if at all. Don't pay 60 dollars for this. It's not worth it."
76561198028668852,Not Recommended,271590,16432023,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Setzer,"Hackers ruining GTA Online, 2 or more in every lobby."
,Not Recommended,271590,32674163,Posted: 23 June,all,HyperLycan,bring back open IV nerds
,Not Recommended,271590,32571516,Posted: 19 June,all,"Cthulhu Calamari /|\(;,;)/|\","While I love a lot about this game, the issues with the online service are unforgivable. Not only do they treat the online community as cattle to be milked, they also overtly distrust them, and have now used the most ham-fisted approach to ""crack down"" on piracy and cheating, without actually doing anything to address cheating. (RIP OpenIV.)Their disregard for the community that has helped keep the game relevant aside, the “free” DLC that they keep creating for GTA Online is also a double-edged sword. While it adds a lot of cool content, it is primarily designed to pump players for cash through the Shark Cards, unless you want to grind. That sort of set-up is typically found in the F2P scene, not full-priced AAA titles, and it shouldn’t be encouraged. (It also precludes the possibility of any DLC for the single-player game, which was really solid.)Sort yourself out, Take- Two Interactive."
,Not Recommended,271590,32782514,Posted: 25 June,all,AndrewKINGz,-false banning-no more mod on singleplayer==========================THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥RESOLVE
,Not Recommended,271590,32896853,Posted: 27 June,all,Eddygeek18,"I downloaded 2 mods for single player. Drug dealer and custom costumes mods. 2 Mods that would never effect multiplayer in the slightest yet i was banned for 30 days. WTF!. Then after contacting Rockstar how to remove the mods they replied ""Your banned go to hell"" (they didnt reply that but they may aswell of) i then continued 3 times before my ban was up. Then a final time after my ban was lifted and still i got the same reply ""sorry we cannot comment on mods."" Well ♥♥♥♥ing thanks you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Go to hell yourself. I was a customer AFTER PURCHASING your stupid sespit of a game. you do not give me the advice and support i needed after download community mods that you DID NOT prevent. Have a beer, take a bath, sniff some ♥♥♥♥ing lavender and then get back to me once your out of your own arses. Cant wait for you to spend another 6 years on a decent game with even worse support. Well done."
,Not Recommended,271590,32548294,Posted: 18 June,all,fanta dog,"Frick you take two, its like hitler and stalin teamed up to make one huge ♥♥♥♥ you update"
,Not Recommended,271590,32670602,Posted: 23 June,all,bdub the anime master,Update: ♥♥♥♥ Take TwoRockstar u ok 4 now
,Not Recommended,271590,32792316,Posted: 25 June,all,isteveng,rock star got money hungry and made online lame
76561198106767645,Not Recommended,271590,32583872,Posted: 19 June,all,you_only_live_once.-,Bought the game to play single player and add mods for fun. If I had known they would not allow mods I would not have wasted my money on this game. Punish single players for not buying their online product? Won't play again until they fix this or maybe go under. Who knows. Wasted my money.
76561198384194744,Not Recommended,271590,32627436,Posted: 21 June,all,Blackholeian,Bring back the mods! I love this game and so do the people who dedicate their time and effort to creating mods to compliment and add to the enjoyment of the game.
,Recommended,271590,21234239,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Svirt,Wonderful and astonishing game full of action and plot twists made with a deep attention to detail. You will be amazed by huge scale of option the game offers and interesting storyline.Breathtaking9.5/10(This rating affects only singleplayer of the game)
,Not Recommended,271590,32642936,Posted: 22 June,all,Unbalanced Parenthesis,"This game has a really good singleplayer story, but the publisher, Take 2 Interactive, recently decided that apparently PC users are no longer able to take advantage of single player mods, greatly diminishing the replayability of one of the games best aspects. Don't think I can recommend this game any longer at this point :/"
76561198138995953,Not Recommended,271590,16077801,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Mug,"Im unpleased with the game, I understand It may run slow on my computer but its ridiculous , Its like a stop motion film- The gameplay. I will be possibly trying to get a refund or getting it fixed. The game looks ugly because it has to be on the lowest graphics to try and reduce lag, Alough that doesnt work. Ive watched videos and turned down the things that might get rid of lag, Has not worked. I am warning people with computers that may not be able to run it. DONT BUY IT!."
,Not Recommended,271590,28507662,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Francisco,LA CONCHA DE TU MADRE ROCKSTAR. METETE TU BAN EN EL ORTO
76561198141582294,Not Recommended,271590,32722222,Posted: 24 June,all,Thomas,no mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32657595,Posted: 22 June,all,Ircle,destroying everything that ever made this game great. no modding and no closed online sessions. poor decisions from greedy companies
76561198170398661,Not Recommended,271590,32657614,Posted: 22 June,all,Blackandwhite568,"Take two.... Rockstar...... be honest with yourselves, do really need all that money-.. even after almost 4 years since the games launch? I mean really? Cmon, you guys used to put the players fun and happiness before the money.. you used to be one of the developers out there that were SAVING the gaming industry, and causing more people to get into gaming!! Sure you may have ruined some people's (social) lives along the way, but at least the reason for it was because your games were too damn fun and addictive for people to drop!!,....... Now....... OHoh now though rockstar...... you've let take-two  turn you into another activision..... a mere shadow of your former legendary game developer status.... and mark my words, UNLESS if you stop this SHARKCARD/micro transaction greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T that every other gaming industry has taken advantage of........ not only will you fall one day, but you will probably be one of the main causes of the next crash of the gaming industry and that blame will be shed and shared upon Activision, Ubisoft, AND YOU..... but meh.... you're making billions of dollars a year right!!?? What's some low-life middle class loser, posting an angry rant online know???"
,Not Recommended,271590,32733089,Posted: 24 June,all,Galanthor,millions of copies sold not enough for you? you just had to take out modding. ♥♥♥♥ing dense morons
,Not Recommended,271590,32660610,Posted: 22 June,all,Plex.N,♥♥♥♥♥GAME NEVER BUY GOT BANNED FOR NO REASON.
,Not Recommended,271590,16360629,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dynn,"Upped the price to fake sale. Bad move.Great game in the beginning but gets boring over time when the heists are completed.Also, they killed modding"
76561197967981534,Not Recommended,271590,18728552,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Doggyg,"I Spent 3 hours trying to fix the stuttering fps issue thats sounds rather common. I go from 120+ FPS to 0 where it hangs from anywhere between 1/2 a second to 10 seconds. This is in the first 2 minutes of the game.  I suggest looking it up before buying, AND downloading 61 gigs of game that is unplayable. I5 4670k, 970, 8gb ram.Who knows, maybe it will work for you, it seems to work fine for alot of people. This issue does sound pretty common though. Seems to have come up from a patch a few months back and has not been fixed. This will be the first game I have refunded on steam. Totally broken and unplayable for me."
,Not Recommended,271590,19166661,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,IDPBBrisa,HACKS.. HACKS EVERYWHERE
,Not Recommended,271590,16482488,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,♥ Curie ♥,"Shady♥♥♥♥♥buisiness model rockstar, increasing the price right before a sale.Right""sale""I get it, cool.Shouldn't be acceptable, greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198081403272,Not Recommended,271590,16356590,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Hacker Known as 4chan,Rockstar bumped the price up to 75 euro. Its a♥♥♥♥♥♥move for any game maker to do but even more so when you think of all the money they have already made from this game.
76561198047706923,Not Recommended,271590,23731711,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ben!,"good for the campaign mode but online oh well hell no!!!hackers will not let you play theyll attach spaceships to you,lock you inside cages,burn you,blast you,drop modded money on you and you cant do anything about it accept leave server and join new oneand here comes the twist even if the modder dropped like 1k on you boom rockstar will ban you for like 10days for the first time then maybe 2weeks and then forever!(till 2035) gg good game uninstalled"
76561198258892469,Not Recommended,271590,24439410,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,V0ID,"Okay, so. I bought the game when it originally was released for X360. Played the single player, loved it. When online mode we're opened it was tacky as hell, I dunno how many times I tried to get through prologue (as back then when you got past that you we're ""in""). It was still fun especially when played with friends. Then started the hackers to appear, I was also given huge amounts of money. I was of course worried if my account is going to get a ban for such amounts of in-game cash. It lasted a while and then hacking reduced, at least some of it.Well, since then I've quitted playing my X360 as I've moved on to PC. And with that I've bought many games that I've wanted to experience again, with better fps. And GTA V is one of them. Played the single player again, was WOWed how much better this feels now. And playing with kboard + mouse ain't that awkward either, it's actually better. When I started single player I barely touched online, but after that I imported my character from X360 era which was like lvl 125 at the time. Importing the character wen't fine with me, no problems there.Even though online still has issues it still has them less than before, I mean technically. But something happened. Something that I don't have a clue why. Maybe you guessed it by now. Yes, (temporary) ban. It came like a strike from the sky. And still this day I don't know why. Is it because I got hacker money like two years ago? I doubt it as R* said people GETTING money from hackers won't get banned and I didn't got banned during that time. My whole game has been vanilla since the beginning, haven't made any modifications even on single player. Even though R* have stated that modding SP is ok. Reason why I haven't done it? Because I don't wan't to take risk for installing SP mods and then maybe screwing something up, like leaving some files accidentally when entering online. But still this happened. I'm no huge trash talker either. So no, it can't be that either.Well, guess I never find out what I've done wrong because nobody *insertcursewordhere* tells me. It's only week and a half but it still pisses off getting needless bans.Is it a bad game? Definitely not. SP is pure gold. Online is fun, for the most parts. But R* really need to get their sh*t together.EDIT:Got back online finally. Well, besides R* gave me unfair ban, they also decided to empty all my money which were made legitimately with heists, missions and races. I will state this again; I've bought this game TWICE. If this is what I get for being loyal customer and playing things straight, then this might be the last game I've bought from this company. It's sad cause I like the game but the policies behind this company is becoming pretty disgusting."
76561198165216258,Not Recommended,271590,32745575,Posted: 24 June,all,zengeorge,"Loved GTAV for the single player mostly to be honest and I was looking forward to replaying it with mods. The whole Open IV issue is from my point of view disgusting, since Take Two seems to think taking away my freedom to mod a game I've paid for is their right.I mean, some of the games I enjoyed most were games like Fallout 3, Fallout NV, XCom 2 w/ the Long War mod (maybe take a lesson from Firaxis, you know...) and the thought that publishers keep pushing towards dumbing down games AND trying to fight against mods is just unacceptable to me.Most likely, I won't ever reinstall GTAV and will wait out the next one. If stuff like this happens again, I don't want even 1$ of my money to go to Take Two."
76561198115449698,Not Recommended,271590,32674170,Posted: 23 June,all,HoioH,"I love this game, I ♥♥♥♥ING ADORE IT.but what take2 did was absolutely disgusting and technically breaking the law.If you didn't know, take2 oficially made MODDING for GTA V illegalso yeah, ♥♥♥♥ YOU 2K"
,Recommended,271590,18823634,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Cue,Loading simulator 2015
76561198043017781,Not Recommended,271590,16448496,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pytajnik,"Modders everywhere and price is too damn high for a remake of a game, that came out 2 years ago.EDIT: The greed ♥♥♥♥ing continues. Rockstar... I am disappointed in you. Once you were the best game studio on the ♥♥♥♥ing planet, now some stupid ♥♥♥♥ing greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,271590,18040961,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,FADE,"Finally! THE PC VERSION IS FINALLY OUT, and IT'S AWESOME!Go guys, get this game, cuz this game is the game that every single PC player should play!For me it's the best game I played at last 3 - 5 years.Thanks ROCKSTAR GAMES Studio for this MASTERPIECE!"
,Not Recommended,271590,26326877,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,L8start,"hackers, terrible customer service and runs terribleFirst off with the hackers i was just about to make a sale with my friends in a small lobby, it was close to a $400k sale and as soon as i left the business and left on our bikes Boom i blew up for no reason, then my friend just down the road from me boom and then my other friend still at the business boom, lost the whole shipment and then what happens oh yeah every time i spawn i fly up in the air and die,Then oh boy dont get me started on rockstar support, those ♥♥♥♥ers dont help u for $hit, they are just lazy a$$holes who mark your problem as ""Solved"" even tho they just made it worse thanksPlus this game runs ♥♥♥♥♥♥ even if u have a decent computer, so dont buy this unless u have a $2000 computer.I do not reccomend this game to anybody if u want it buy it on ps4 or xbox"
,Not Recommended,271590,29989902,Posted: 17 February,all,mrsirj0sh,Filled with pesky hackers that will put you in a box full of police with tazers. Players with hydras that kill you for no reason then tell you that you suck. When you join a lobby with few players they kick you out of the lobby.Boi.
,Recommended,271590,15516693,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Cleveri,"i am still searching for a cow in singleplayer to throw in water and see if it sinks or no, 33/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,17610389,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Arece,"I hope you like bugs, crashes, unnecessarily long loading times and unskippable, long, repetitive cutscenes"
,Not Recommended,271590,32627449,Posted: 21 June,all,Double RD.,"i enjoy modded games, and even if i havent played gta5 in a few months. thats gotta suck for everyone."
,Recommended,271590,29287139,Posted: 15 January,all,◆ ʟɪɢʜᴛ ◆,"If I ever get into a relationship, I'm taking my girl on a date in GTA V multiplayer.I'm talkin' private luxury apartments / cruises, mansions, film theatres, roller coasters, planes, trains, beaches, places to shop at, steamy baths, limousines, sports cars, parachutes, blimps, hot air balloons, submarines, mini games, mini guns, apache helicopters, fighter jets, stealth bombardiers, tanks, Ak-47s, you name it homie!Oh and did I mention the giant humpback whale with sharks, bigfoot and ghosts. [UFO space ships too but requires mod]Ofcourse I haven't!This is the extent of how content and feature packed the game really is and what I mentioned is just the tip of the iceberg.p.s don't forget the mods and easter eggs.Important side note:Do NOT play online mode with any mods active. There is a risk of getting a permanent ban. Rockstar has taken some heavy measures against hacking and foul play to keep the online community stable and fair for all."
76561198004518391,Not Recommended,271590,25718495,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Telesis,"rockstar bans people for not cheating, then won't ban cheaters. ♥♥♥♥ this company."
76561197999632136,Not Recommended,271590,15686948,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Shoe55,Modding is the reason i waited for the PC version of the game to come out...
76561198057620573,Not Recommended,271590,15689258,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,"Yeah, I Vape.","I've played this game a little/lot.It's good. Online is fun. Needs more heists. Lots of modders but they're not really a problem. Just don't annoy them. Otherwise, it's good."
,Not Recommended,271590,15709540,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Pepe,"While this is a superb game R* have really ♥♥♥♥ed up on this.This game has a lot of problems that people refuse to see because it is R*. I have had crashes, frame drops, the game is unoptimized for an i5 + 970 combo, slooowwwww loading screen and why the ♥♥♥♥ did you guys use P2P? Hello hackers!You guys took delays to make this game perfect and while you improved upon it a lot from console, it certainly was not worthwhile with the delays.Oh and now you're digging a grave with not allowing modders when it's your fault for having ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers?So far you seem to of banned people with FOV mods (a fix to your problem) and people who mod in Single Player (you knew this would be a big selling point) and now you just ban mods altogether.**So it seems you don't people fixing your problems when you don't like fixing your own problems either?Stop being that little child in the playground that wants everything and lies for it.**EDIT: Discovered a while back that most of these reports of people being banned from SinglePlayer were either lies or they still had modifications on during Online gameplay."
,Not Recommended,271590,15688731,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Alien,"I understand if Rockstar doesnt want people to mod the online. That makes perfect sense, but why can we not have simple game-fixing mods like fov for single-player? The modding community has so much to offer this game. Now people are being banned for single player mods, like wtf rockstar. Let us mod the game and more people will want to play it. Fairly simple concept.I do not recommend this game because, although it has unlimited potential as a sandbox game, were not allowed to use our own tools in the sandbox to create  what we want. Bad game, do not buy. 5/10.  with mods 10/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32680440,Posted: 23 June,all,Scorpion,"♥♥♥♥ you Take TwoDoing what you did was totally unjustified.  Single player wise....good game but again you've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a TON of people/players so you're getting a massive thumbs down in this review.https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv#BringbackopenivEDIT:  Single player is good and based on that i'd rate the game up.  But, many people were whining about Taketwo shutting down openIV and not allowing mods in the game...me included but not as much as the only mod i use  was/is ""make gta look great again"".  I now come to online play and that currently is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with multiple users abusing the servers/sessions with pathetic mod menus which in turn brings screaming little whiny kids begging for money drops. The gta community is one of the most toxic i've seen.  Most of them i would bet they wouldn't even have the balls to say what they've said on online to a person up front.  R* and taketwo need to put an end to people being able to freely use mods in an online session.This isn't a ""review bomb"" (shut up steam) these are the facts."
,Not Recommended,271590,29801416,Posted: 9 February,all,Harryaars,Dont buy this game you get banned for having fun GG rockstar..
,Not Recommended,271590,16347242,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SpaceNavy,"This game gets incredibly boring after about 5 hours. Rockstar really likes to lay on the jewish sale tactics too.Do yourselves a favor and just play it for ""free""."
,Not Recommended,271590,15707354,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Rhine,Runs better than IV. Cannot mod as much as in IV. Blame the online and its shark cards for hurting the ability to mod singleplayer.
,Not Recommended,271590,15391657,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Isa,"So far really dissapointed, Lots of lag and freezing,without these lags and freezes game runs like a charm so they did something good there but still for me its unplayable due to these freezes and lags , I even tried it on low settings but same issue( my rig is above recommended ) and ofcourse the cloud servers have issues saving progress once in a while ( before fanbois cry this has nothing to do with my rig ;) ).And today for some reason my garage got bugged and I lost 2 of my expensive  cars which were fully upgraded ( I am a returning player from xbox 360 ) and now each time I put a car there it gets duplicated but the duplicated one does nto really exist but still takes up the garage slot to park a car.If you want to play the game without issues and problems, stay away from it for 1 month and then try, hopefully rockstar has solved these issues."
,Recommended,271590,19502519,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Baliks,"Very fun game , with a great an amazing gameplay, pretty decent missions and length, graphics stepped up and the story was great and enjoyable but in my opinion it could have been improved.The charactes are well made and the story of each of them is well written . Small things are important and gta 5 has a lot of them and you are not getting bored that fast , a lot of mini games and missions to play alone or also with friends. One of the better things are the heists , you need to cooperate with your mates to succeed. Gta 5 has also a beautiful, expertly realised open world who despite appearances isn't that small at all , a lot of things to do and areas to explore. One of the things that annoys you in Gta 5 is the amount of hackers you have to face every day in most encountered sessions but at the end of the day you can live with that .PROS + :-Fun, enjoyable and well written story.-A lot of missions to play either with friends or alone.-Beautiful graphics.-Gorgeous open world.-Heists.-Good customization for cars.-Characters are awesome.-Impressive degree of freedom.-First-person camera.CONS - :-Not that great MM.-Large number of hackers.-Character customization could be better.-Not enough choices that affect the gameplay further on the story mode.In few words Gta 5 it's an amazing and fun game without doubt , it's like a next-gen remaster of what we have experienced and played so far. You can spend a large amount of hours playing with friends and you still will find new things to do every day . It begs to be played all over again especially when you have company. It's a must for everyone to try out. Those who didn't play that masterpiece yet , they definitely should ! I recommend this game to anyone without remorse .Cheers !"
,Not Recommended,271590,32465065,Posted: 15 June,all,RetriButioN,I'm leaving a negative review for GTA V because of the recent actions taken by T2 against the modding community. This is a blatant disregard of consumers in a greedy attempt to score more bucks and should not go without consequence.I would advise people to NOT support such business practices.
,Recommended,271590,22398769,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pabagan,"An absolute great game from single player to multi-player, from the astounding graphics to the game play and being able to add your own music tracks is pretty sick. It sucks to say the trouble with hackers in most lobbies can make things difficult but don't let it stray you from a fun-with-friends-game. If it's PC, there's always a better chance of hackers. Unfortunately that's just how it is. You could always put yourself in ""safe mode"". All in all I still continue to have a great time with it. If you don't have many friends to rock the game with add me up 😎"
,Not Recommended,271590,32454205,Posted: 15 June,all,Killer(Zero)byte,"All developers that do such greedy and♥♥♥♥♥♥moves deserve nothing but shame and boycott. (Referred to the events of OpenIV)In short: Don't buy this game until Take Two decides to fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥and stop asking even more money of us despite GTA V being one of the most best selling games of all time.Also, by sending this ""cease & desist"" they just ruined one of the biggest reasons why people bought this game (The Modding Scene).. how stupid."
,Not Recommended,271590,32431343,Posted: 15 June,all,Senor Bolsa,"T2 C&D'd OPENIV, which effectively kills the sp modding communityGGNever buying another 2k/R* game again, hope it was worth it T2."
76561198089190467,Not Recommended,271590,32436151,Posted: 15 June,all,Ebzen,"Good game that could have been great if we were allowed to mod our single player experiences. Sadly, Take Two needs to squeeze us for more dosh.."
,Not Recommended,271590,32419724,Posted: 14 June,all,MDL,"DONT SUPPORT THIS GAME ANYMORE, THEY JUST BANNED MODDING COMMUNITYBANNED THE WRONG PERSON, I REALLY WANT TO REFUND THIS GAMENICE JOKE T2,"
,Not Recommended,271590,32429973,Posted: 15 June,all,mrRayman2010,"EDIT: OpenIV is back, but the damage has still been done.There is no point of buying this game anymore. Online is full of hackers and you need to grind for everything if you don't wan't to spend any real money and singleplayer modding is no more allowed."
76561197965342471,Not Recommended,271590,32434428,Posted: 15 June,all,cup,The game uses P2P tech for online matches.  It's an awful solution and never works.Modded scene fixes this attrocity.  Game is unplayable without it.
76561198063877837,Not Recommended,271590,32434429,Posted: 15 June,all,E.Bishop,"Not allowing use of mods is stupid and pointless. It has ruined the modding community which had very little effect on Take two or Rockstar games, If anything it helped them."
,Not Recommended,271590,32436141,Posted: 15 June,all,Panda,"Trying to ban modding, dont buy this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,32638484,Posted: 22 June,all,Jyhoman,"You cripple our modding, we cripple your income. Never going to buy any take two games-"
,Not Recommended,271590,32452258,Posted: 15 June,all,Stupid Child Simulator.,"Sorry, I can't support a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ publisher that doesn't support single player mods.If I can get a refund for this game, I will."
76561198011352808,Not Recommended,271590,32421763,Posted: 14 June,all,Chaka,Rockstar failed with GTA Online so hard it's not even funny.So they destroy the 3rd Party modding for the game like the money hungry pathetic excuses for human beings that they are.  When the REAL fun to be had on GTA 5 online is in the modded Role Play servers not this wanna be online garbage they put out that has slow load times and repetative bullcrap.
,Not Recommended,271590,32637575,Posted: 22 June,all,Freezak,"I enjoyed the single player. But since they decided to effectively ban any modding, i can't currently support this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32425848,Posted: 14 June,all,Jack-O-Lime,"It's a fun game, but online's a grindy mess. There's lots of content, but it's filled with cheaters and making financial progress takes ages, likely to try and get even more money from microtransactions, as if being the fourth best selling game of all time and re-releasing it twice isn't enough.TakeTwo have recently DMCA'd OpenIV, the core mod of the GTA 5 modding community. Apparently people ruining the game for everyone else online gets a pass, but making isolated changes in singleplayer is what's unforgiveable. In short, ♥♥♥♥ them."
,Not Recommended,271590,32452268,Posted: 15 June,all,Reez,RIP OpenIV.If only we could say RIP Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,28579796,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,V.RUSH,"WHAT THE HELL ROCKSTAR?!!! DONT BUY THIS CRAP GAME!!!!!!!! I GET PERMANENT BANNED FOR NO REASON!!!!IM NOT GONNA BY ANY ROCKSTAR GAME ANYMORE SERIOUSLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I TOLD ROCKSTAR TO BRING BACK MY ACCOUNT BUT THEY SAID THAT THIS IS THE FINAL{LINK REMOVED}DESICION,WTF?!!!!I HAVE PROOF THAT IM NOT MODDING OR SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥ DAMN F**K!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32436449,Posted: 15 June,all,Jacob,RIP OpenIVLong Live Micro Transactions
,Not Recommended,271590,32423865,Posted: 14 June,all,volzzie,Thanks Take Two for completely ruining the modding scene for a game that was prime for it.
76561197986389412,Not Recommended,271590,32773281,Posted: 25 June,all,Robba^,"First of singleplayer is great story wise new stuff jada jada is great from the older games from the ip.,but the company has frankly stopped developing the game to attempt to dry out every player out of their money in multiplayer. Instead of making modders/indie devs make the game better they bash out these people so they can earn more. Just look at GTA:SA's multiplayer, why can't this happen with gta 5?"
76561198154146330,Not Recommended,271590,32419640,Posted: 14 June,all,HONEYIATETHEASS,T2 and R* are killing mods DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32437724,Posted: 15 June,all,shad0w,Just another negative review related to the new Take Two's anti-modding policy. Shame.
,Not Recommended,271590,32457427,Posted: 15 June,all,big pube,modding is now not legal
76561198187855125,Not Recommended,271590,32436137,Posted: 15 June,all,[AFGN] Austin YT,"This is just another money grab from TTI. Your company image should be more important than the little bit of money you will make in SharkCard sales. And we all know that your player base is going to drop, and itll drop fast. Leave the modding communities ALONE."
76561198106361878,Not Recommended,271590,32559105,Posted: 19 June,all,[Deputy] Bubba 165,Played this game sice it came out from ps3 to xbox one then finaly the pc.  One thing that is beter than gta? mods but we can do that any more so this game is now a brick of useless hard drive space thats sadder then  the 10 hrs to download this game.
76561198319061989,Not Recommended,271590,32615257,Posted: 21 June,all,Mabey,"Rockstar and Take Two have become greedy, unhelpful and hostile to the fanbase. Banning singleplayer modding as they want more people in online buying shark cards! Terrible automated ban system. Although the game in itself is generally very good, the game has now become a mess! DO NOT BUY!Hey and also we're gonna gradually increase the price of in-game items until they are too expensive to not buy in-game currency <3 here is the clothing with lights update, customise your clothes with friends. However, first you need to buy a clothing company for 10 million, complete 20 missions taking over 200 hours in time and wait 2 hours inbetween each mission! Dont worry though, you can skip these waits for a cheap price of 2 million a time! Have fun!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32480341,Posted: 16 June,all,St3nu,Greed gets the better of anyone.
,Not Recommended,271590,32605720,Posted: 20 June,all,Pega6,M-muh mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32437905,Posted: 15 June,all,hunterpolzin,"GTA 5 is a game that is not worth your money. The campaign is fun for the most part, but after you beat the story there is no real reason to do anything else on single player mode. Then you decide to hop into a online session and after waiting 10-15 minutes to find a match. You relaize you have no money. Now, Online is a scam. Barley any content is addedd regularly. Plus some of the new vehciles are so god forsakenly expensive that you will never get them unless you pay money for micro-transations. I would know, I spent my fair share of money. I'm glad I bought this in a sale and not as a full price game. Yeah it was fun for the first 25 hours, but after you spend more money on a game that was 40$ and bought really everything you need. There is nothing to do without paying money. I garentee the people who are level 156 or higher have a lot of spare money lying around. So they can by the new♥♥♥♥♥♥that GTA 5 throws at them semi-anualy. New races don't count as new stuff. Plus! Since the open 4 Mod was BANNED by take2, there is no reason to buy GTA 5 on Pc anymore. All that glorious modding has been flushed down the drain."
,Not Recommended,271590,28554143,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dreccan Of Paws,"I spent a considerable amount of time playing this game. To be honest, I spent more time than I should haveThis game was pretty fun when I played with 4 or more people, fun to goof around in when there's not modders teleporting you around and killing you. Unfortunately though, that's all this game is. Modders doing whatever they want and ruining the fun for everyone else because Rockstar would rather put out more DLC that = more revenue than fix the current content and create an actual working anti-cheat system.My fun ended abruptly. Why? Because someone decided to teleport to me and drop me $3,000,000 in less than a minute and instead of looking into who dropped it, rockstar decided to ban me. My ticket to ask why I was banned is still ignored to this day.Some major issues I ran into in this game:>ROCKSTAR SUPPORTIt's literally a paper bag draped over a computer monitor so they never have to look at the horrid system they've invented>BANNINGWhen you're banned, it can't be undone, which means if you've been banned, sucks for you>BLACK LOADING SCREENS OF DEATHI was hoping it was just a glitch with certain systems, but nope. Every single person is guarenteed to constantly run into a problem where their screen just goes black and nothing is loading. You can't tell of course, since that's the default loading screen>MODDERS GALOREAre you trying to have fun? HAH  you just got teleported across the map and forced into the animation of being railed by a dog>HORRIBLE ECONOMYPrices for anything in this game are ridiculous. You pay 1.5 mil for a car that's going to get blown up in one homing launcher shot>HORRIBLE COMMUNITYI'm sorry, but everyone is horrible on GTA Online. If you're having fun, it's their job to ruin your fun. I've only met like 3 friends in my year of GTA Online, and everytime I played with them our fun was ruined by either modding or BLACK ENDLESS LOADING SCREENS>SHADY♥♥♥♥♥COMPANYRockstar is aware of the new mod menu that allows people to spam reports on someone's account until they are automatically banned. But instead of confronting the issue they are choosing to delete any chats made about it, deny anything, and remember to send the ""There's no refunds to shark cards after you're banned"" automated messages out. Keep in mind, once you're banned, the account is wiped automatically. Even if you're not guilty, Rockstar doesn't care, they got their money from you alreadyThese are the reasons I give this game the lowest rating it can recieve and hope others do the same"
,Not Recommended,271590,32638562,Posted: 22 June,all,K FOR KRAZI,BRENG BAWK MOWDS PLS YE FOOKIN DEGENERATES
76561198054110075,Not Recommended,271590,32583113,Posted: 19 June,all,Blackridge[KGB],"No thanks, Take Two.  Shark Cards, Killing Modding.  Enough said.  Everyone knows and will most likely remember when you feel like pushing out another game, then spending years ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over your community."
,Not Recommended,271590,32629540,Posted: 21 June,all,Nava,no mod = ♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,271590,32436149,Posted: 15 June,all,Warcrime,"When you fight modders, you fight your own playerbase. Unbelievable."
,Not Recommended,271590,32800526,Posted: 25 June,all,Laboring Connor,if you like microtransactions then this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,271590,32648733,Posted: 22 June,all,Superdan,"No, I'm not taking this review down, or turning it into a 'recommend' just because you took back that C&D you never should have made in the first place. No, you don't get praise for cleaning up the mess you made. You're not 6 years old, Rockstar/Take 2. You're gonna have to do a lot to make up for this.GTAO is still flawed and Take 2 is still stupid."
,Not Recommended,271590,32629590,Posted: 21 June,all,___,mods plz
,Not Recommended,271590,26246189,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,D474TH3D357R0Y3R,"The economy has slowly changed into the sad state of affairs it is now in.Every mission that allowed a nice amount of money to be made has been nerfed.All of the ""expensive"" ways to make money like the CEO, VIP, and Motorcycle Clubhouse features are horrible in terms of payout to time ratio. You cannot make a quarter of what it would take to buy all of the vehicles grinding 1000 hours, believe me, I have over 500 hours logged.The game exists for the sole purpose of making Rockstar employees rich, or atleast the Rockstar employees remaining. In their greed, they have gone so far as to lock their CEO out of the building, without informing him, whilst he was on vacation... Rockstar used to be a company I looked up to.Like why would you even put vehicles, and features in the game, if your playerbase, your clients, the reason you are even in existence, cannot use them?"
,Not Recommended,271590,26314570,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pirate,"This game has so much potential to be great. The single player is FANTASTIC. But the online portion is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥But it's nothing more than a grind. And whats worse that grind doesnt actually get you anywhere. Worked for days to get that armoured car so you can use it to protect yourself in a heist? No. You get forced to use motor bike in stead.Whats more, any new DLC kills the DLC before it. So no replay value in other game modes. You want to actually get some money in the game? You have to play the latest DLC.Ie. If you do a hiest, over 6 missions you can make about $200k. But if you just play the newer DLC you can get that in 2 deliveries of cars.So no replay, no fun. Just grind or troll other players.Rockstar totally screwed the pooch on this game. Utterly."
76561198058934601,Not Recommended,271590,29836434,Posted: 10 February,all,FalloutNewb,banned me permamanently
,Not Recommended,271590,26950920,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pi_3_14,"Great singleplayer, but the multiplayer has become a terrifying hellscape of unpunished hacking. Rockstar only cares if you aren't buying shark cards, which results in hackers who grief and kill entire lobbies getting away scott free, and people who spawn themselves money getting banned despite doing nothing other than hurting rockstar's bottom line. On top of this, the online gameplay is extremely grindy and rockstar's strict anti-hacking policies have caused them to mostly alienate the community. I've had several friends banned for doing nothing other than possibly being around hackers, who they couldn't avoid, and I myself was banned for no apparent reason. I've stuck by this game for years, and put thousands of hours into it between ps3, ps4, and pc, but after watching rockstar turn one of my favorite games as a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥micro transaction farm and completely alienate the community as a whole, I can no longer recommend it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32432926,Posted: 15 June,all,redracerb18,"Normaly a really good game. Single player is great right now however, Take Two Interactive has given a ceise and disist order to OpenIV. OpenIV is a core mod for many mods for single player. it has been out there for the past 10 years since GTA 3. what this means is that Take Two has declared Modding Ilegal. And i can't recomend a game or support a company that stops the community from enjoying itself. One reason why many belive this happend was to push people to the multiplayer where they need to pay in order to enjoy the new content."
76561198091840294,Not Recommended,271590,33118710,Posted: 2 July,all,♥kurofan4ever♥,"Banned because of someone else... If something was out of your power for a just about a few minutes, guess what? :D RIP  (insert good amount of hours played) hours of your life because guess what?! You've been suspended and ALL of your online progress has been reset AND Rockstar won't appeal to any reason(s) you have whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437807,Posted: 15 June,all,Cheese cs.money,C'mon Take Two. Do you really want to destroy this fanbase the modding community has made?????? Stop pushing Online and Microtransactions!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32437815,Posted: 15 June,all,DivineBeast,"I bought this game on PS3. I bought it again on PS4, even though the digital copy I had on PS3 ran like garbage. I bought it a third time on PC, thanks to modding support.And now Take-Two, publisher of the game, has decided to send a cease and desist to the people who basically make modding possible and have improvved the series longevity for 10+ years.This company does not deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32445222,Posted: 15 June,all,crazyjaydon,"haha, mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,34539767,Posted: 27 August,all,Salad Snake,The game was fun after the first few updates but then it went downhill with every update and is now just a scammy cashgrab that manipulates players into grinding for days or paying for terrribly overpriced in-game money and then removing it from their account every new update that comes out under the guise of cracking down on hacking.
,Not Recommended,271590,32520737,Posted: 17 June,all,Elaine,Greed has ruined this franchise. Take two is willing to hurt it's own community in an attempt to make more money off of it's shark cards.I would complain about it's hacker problem but at this point who cares. Taketwo actively increases these people with each attempt to make the online as hard and boring as humanly possible to force people to shell out money on those garbage sharkcards if they want to progress or get new items.
,Not Recommended,271590,34643908,Posted: 31 August,all,Fotosynthese,Most people do not like a huge wall of text.So in short:GOOD?Singleplayer: YESMultiplayer : NOif that is too much for you:SP YES - MP NO
,Not Recommended,271590,18963717,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ahega0Pinkzzaaw,"If I could review a game, ANY game I guess GTA V.GTA V is a great next-gen open-world game with ALOT of activities and Story is perfect with the tension between each main character which is 9/10..... On Single-Player.Now, the worst part of review the Online or Multi-player is uhh.... how can I put this in a possible way it's like going to highschool with people you goddamn ""HATE"" and you want to hope the 4 years of your life to get over with resurrected in this mode with Hackers, Heist baiters, unfair match-making, friends who kinda aren't friends, boring missions (Rinse and Repeat), and finally the POINTLESS UPDATES!. 3/10 I'm sorry I wish I could rate this game higher but GTA IV Mulit-player was FUNNIER, FUN, AND OVERALL MODDED FAIRLY.It's a beautiful game full of life and lust with realism, but even games are infected with stupid memes, people, and wannable ""high"" egos, Hackers, and overall the lies on GTA V youtubers videos who has 100,000,000 on hand and 10,000,000,000,000 in the bank ♥♥♥♥ING worthless, effortless, large ego ♥♥♥♥ers.Sorry Rockstar...... but this Veteran Gamer is cashing out."
,Not Recommended,271590,19297829,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Marky,"Waste of time and money, game doesn't launch even after doing whatever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Rockstar says"
,Not Recommended,271590,30050105,Posted: 19 February,all,WOO,"The online portion of the game sucks now so I'm going to give a downvote.Single-player mode can be fun and there are a lot of mods but I don't play single mode so don't careDevs should think about new expansion and dlc to expand heist, but seems like they are not going to because it don't make them moneyThey just add new cars new plane, give people new things to buy so that they can sell their in-game currencyI'm so dispointed, I used to have a great time playing heist with my friends, but now nobody want to play cause there's nothing left for us to play with."
,Not Recommended,271590,32616212,Posted: 21 June,all,-=ReFLe╳-ٰ,"Take-Two? more like take two steps away from this game. If you enjoy the freedom of modding or just modding in general this game is not for you. Take-Two Interactive recently sent a cease and desist to the developers of OpenIV, a tool made for modding GTA. Modding is beneficial to games as it often extends the life of a game, and it pains me to put a negative review for this once great game but it is the only way to make them think twice about this decision. I do not support steps to restrict modding."
,Not Recommended,271590,26096583,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,BillGatez / Blueƒoxx™,I have been playing this game since it came out on PS3.But slowly online has been turning in to nothing but BS.There is litterly no online seson or game type that does not have atleast one modder in it. Rockstar needs to get there crap togeather and ban these people overwatch style.And i honestly can't recommend this game anymore untill this get fixed.
,Not Recommended,271590,23399348,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Timtamics,"I personally got my own gta 5 running again but many people have bought this game and cannot get it fixed no matter what they do , it is pure luck that will get you to run the game again , i bought this game months ago and it started up just fine , but when i tried installing it once again yesterday , it would not launch. i managed to fix the problem by disabling my GPU for a bit , but that only fixed it for me , and not for my friend. now my friend is requesting a refund. do not buy this game as of yet. terrible support."
76561198388919444,Not Recommended,271590,32607449,Posted: 20 June,all,stephenstancil,♥♥♥♥ take two
76561198240443478,Recommended,271590,35150096,Posted: 23 September,all,Banana,It's a good game if you don't play online
,Not Recommended,271590,34523337,Posted: 27 August,all,Sairek Ceareste,"Rockstar has gone and started removing people's legitimately earned money from online. Even cash earned with the purchase of shark cards only days before.I haven't even played online for months, not since the Open IV/mods being removed fiasco, and I still had 95% of my cash removed from my online account because...?Well, I'm still waiting an answer on that. I think most of us are.This has become a pattern by now, where Rockstar does something silly/stupid, and it takes huge player-base outcry to even ellicit a response from them -- if we're lucky. And I'm just tired of being a part of it.And if you're looking to buy this game, you shouldn't be a part of it either. I'm not even joking or exaggerating when I say it's like being in an abusive relationship. In fact, that is exactly what it is. An abusive relationship between the game company and its consumers. And this is just Rockstar we're talking about here, not the rampant cheating that's going on still that will most certainly cause you problems as well.Now maybe you're just interested in the single-player. But the truth is that Rockstar no longer wants single-player to be GTA V's selling point, but online. So even if you want to just play single player, you will only at best be getting a very limited experience of what the game actually offers.The question is less a matter of ""is it worth the money or not?"" and more of a ""is it worth the trouble?""Is the game good? Yes. Yes it is.Is it worth the trouble? No. I'm afraid not."
76561198319029056,Not Recommended,271590,32472339,Posted: 16 June,all,EF Fenrir,"I love this game, too bad Take Two Interactive is shooting themselves in the knee with the whole thing with OpenIV. As much as I've loved my 300+ hours in this game, I have to give it negative review."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472352,Posted: 16 June,all,HypnoChode,Justice for OPEN IV. Take-Two sort your♥♥♥♥♥♥out.
,Not Recommended,271590,32570768,Posted: 19 June,all,✪ eastw0wd,"modders keep games alive, guys from take two should revise their policies... urgently!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32471270,Posted: 16 June,all,BCaulfield,This is for OpenIV team. So long motherfuccer Take-Two.
76561198106634959,Not Recommended,271590,34860475,Posted: 10 September,all,M0lders,"I got one big tip for you, don´t buy this cheap piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for 60 euros. ♥♥♥♥, not even for 20.It´s all just a big grind, and you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the comunity. Then all the glitches, bugs and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that Rockstar could have worked on, but no! Let´s push out some more overpriced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like new cars for ♥♥♥♥ing 2 million per car ...The support is also a giant joke, a cheater get´s banned, then he calls the support and he get´s his account back. But the normal players who like the game and work for their♥♥♥♥♥♥ well, they take their money for no good reason. And after almost 800 hours I threw this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥of my pc. I just wanted to warn you about this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ called ""game"" or as I like to call it ""♥♥♥♥fest of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;!"
,Not Recommended,271590,34636852,Posted: 31 August,all,Novalight,Lots of cheaters in online mode and Rockstar doesn't seem to care.But they'll make sure to wipe your money every few months to try and get you to buy their fake money with real cash.
,Not Recommended,271590,34640289,Posted: 31 August,all,[HA-GA] Looping morningstar,"Even with my ammount of time played i don't recommand this game for several reason, i like it but too many things to say:-The price of each things a DLC release growing up each time a DLC is out, and beside the nerf of every worth activity.-The stupidity of the AI or their cheated skill ""i'l send to you four waves of middle class cars who cost more than u'r low class and in each cars 2 heavely trained sniper with pistol""-unbalanced mission (like some refills)-Everythings nerfed: ""oh you got a 2.5 million car which is one of the fastest one? too bad we realease a new one and nerf your cause you have to paid an another cheap car (and buy sharkcard if you doesn't have the patience).""-The worst toxic community ever seen, griefing for ""fun"", insulting, begging for money to potential cheater, quit heist, doesn't join setup heist, flood the tchat with foreign language (hello russian friends ^^).-Cheater...yeah they're here-Random bad décision from Rockstar, OpenIV, stealing grinding money from player (can be 600k or 20 millions)-Some random glitch-HIghest priorities of rockstar, patch way to make money (kuruma, private public session...) instead of glitch from the release or cheater.You just can't play in peace in a game where even the low level (whining about prices and being jealous about your stuff) try to chase you and blow up hours of work with an AI programming to make your life looks like hell.Where they nerf every source of providing money, production time larger than before, ammount of cash providing from a sell less than before, random prod site attacking when you barely register, less refilling or larger cooldown between sells or refill.The people on this game and they're beloved cheated can ruin your game if you doesn't play on your side with friends.Goodluck."
,Not Recommended,271590,34650731,Posted: 31 August,all,Zack,Turns out buying shark cards actually is the only way togetkeep money in GTAO. They'll remove money you've grinded to earn.
,Not Recommended,271590,32477605,Posted: 16 June,all,Eggplant From Space,"Removed mod support as of 6/16/17, abysmal"
,Not Recommended,271590,34941067,Posted: 13 September,all,Jazz,"GIMME MY MONEY BACK I SPENT $400+ BUT NOW YOU TAKE IT ALL AWAY WTF. THIS WASN""T EVEN HACKED MONEY. MY SOCIAL ACCOUNT EARNING MATCH THE MONEY I HAD MADE AND SPENT SO I NEVER HACKED. SCREW YOU ROCKSTAR YOU ARE THE WORST COMPANY EVER. NEVER BUYING ANY OTHER GAME FROM YOUR MONOPOLY. TAKE THE FINGER"
,Not Recommended,271590,35121588,Posted: 21 September,all,HALTBLAZER22,"You know.There used to be an old saying that my grandad would use. ""The customer is always right little Johnny."" How about you remember that before you call your ENTIRE ♥♥♥♥ing playerbase hackers and take all our hard earned damn money YA ♥♥♥♥S!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,34820594,Posted: 8 September,all,Kilroy,"What can i say about this♥♥♥♥♥♥storm of a ""game"". First started playing this game at launch on my xbox 360 annd put well over 200+ hours, but after last launching the game online it says your account has been modified by rockstar and get hit with a -15.000.000 message. Spent countless hours grinding out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t missions to earn that. Just because a modder hoped into the server and gave money to some players in the match i gat ♥♥♥♥ed for it??? Lost another player ♥♥♥♥♥tar, no longer supporting this money grab♥♥♥♥♥♥pile."
,Not Recommended,271590,34819270,Posted: 8 September,all,Komrade Kalm,"Buy this for single player, Rockstar and their publisher have destroyed any multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,271590,34885124,Posted: 11 September,all,Wackbatt,Is it me or does anyone else get the feeling that Rockstar have a team of about 50 people who are tasked only to reduce the enjoyment you can get out of the game and another 50 people tasked to just drive away players.
,Not Recommended,271590,35397530,Posted: 1 October,all,Wyvyrias,"I knew it was bad, but...The community is more toxic than I expected.The grind is worse than I expected.The loading times are worse than I expected (I am running this on a frigging high-end setup with the game being on a 960 Evo, jesus Rockstar).The netcode is worse than I expected.The lack of any useful anti-cheat and the amount of modders is worse than I expected (I see at least 1 each 2 or 3 lobbies).I mean, it has some fun sides, but jesus, if this is AAA development, I am glad I avoided basically all other AAA games the past years. Still made the mistake to buy this on the recent sale (granted, used money I got through the Steam Market, so whatever), hoping for a decent online experience (I mean, I read bad things about it, but cmon, who could imagine it's THIS bad?)...well, guess I have to put up with it now.Really, the grind probably wouldn't even be that bad if TakeTwo and Rockstar wouldn't be greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. But currently you have to put up with everything mentioned above in order to obtain the fun things for free roam...and that over and over again. And the community is at fault for jumping on that train and buying shark cards like mad men, showing everyone that there's a ton of profit to gain there.PS: For stuff like import/export (apparently the meta to get money actively, even though this gain is still pathetic), I am just creating a private ""public"" session. Why? Because of point 1...What kind of mental disorder do those people have to fly around with their Hydra and destroy cars to waste other people's time? AT LEAST TRY TO STEAL THEM YOU CRINGE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S.I wish proper age verification and a limit of being at least 18 years old would be a thing for such games...makes you want to ""mod"" to just blow them up in their Hydra when they hit your car, without having your car blown up of course.Man, that'd be fun."
,Not Recommended,271590,35360078,Posted: 30 September,all,Águia Russa,"Okay so, after having put in some nearly 600 hours in the game I feel its time to make a review.Graphics wise on PC, the game is pretty solid if you have the hardware required. You can see it wasn't just a straight port from consoles. The attention to detail in sounds, dialogs and everything is quite astonishing! The singleplayer story is interesting, though some characters mainly Trevor just feel kind of... forced. That is excuseable however since everything is in order and with quite some polishing put into it. There's plenty to do singleplayer wise, altough until now there is no word as to singleplayer DLC's like the episodic DLC's for GTA IV.The bad thing when it comes to singleplayer is mods. Not too long ago, the developers decided that modding this game is bad, and that you should feel bad if you mod it, pretty much killing the entire modding comunity from day to night. That has generate some huge backlash (take a look at other reviews).Now let's get to the rotten core of this review, the multiplayer aspect of the game. Now, you have to understand, when the game was just released on PC, the first week of online play was quite nice, barring server issues but even those weren't that much of a problem and most of the issues started to rise later on and most of them are still very much unadressed up until now.The first big issue is the amount of hackers in game. It was worse, but it's still quite bad. Often times you will find yourself in a lobby where you get exploded out of nowhere. Or have an UFO and other things spawned on top of your head pretty much preventing you from doing nothing. You may also find that the streets and road have turned to quick sand meaning you'll end up driving a few feet and your car will get dragged back to the starting point over and over and over again. That won't happen if you're on foot though. Shortly after you will get sniped by someone on the other side of the map as they also simultaneously snipe everyone else. You will also occasionaly  be teleported to other places or face people with machine guns that are fed with rocket belts.Other than the issues mentioned above with hackers, the main issue is hackers dropping tons of money out of the sky on top of you, most of the time also preventing you from avoiding these pickups and turning you into a millionaire by accident. On any other world this would be a good thing but it is not in GTA Online, as Rockstar has been known to occasionally ban players who receive hacked money. They don't really seem to worry much about you getting hacked XP points though, or so the community has pointed out. As of the latest hacked money wipe a lot of people who earned quite a few bucks legitimately with the double money events also had their legitimate gains wiped out with the Smuggler's run update that added hangars and a variety of helicopters and planes.Speaking of the online DLC, here's the really crippling issue, that seems to outweight the bugs, hackers and everything else with online. While the online aspect of the game is free to play and you can build your own fortune from the ground up, there are ""soft pay walls"" that will likely lock you out of the DLC content in online as it is quite frankly, extremely expensive. The most recent DLCs, Smuggler's Run and Gun Running are a very good example of one such thing, with most of the content requiring a few millions for you to purchase a hangar and the vehicles you want. If you happen to want cold war era bomber tough luck because it will cost you over 5 millions to buy it, + a few more depending on the hangar of your choice.With the gun running DLC, it's the same issue. You will need to buy a bunker in order to research the upgrades for your vehicles. Want an APC with missile launchers? You'll have to buy the bunker then research it. But here's the thing, you CANNOT choose the type of research to perform so if you're unlucky, it'll be the last thing on your list. Of course you can boost these research projects at a cost of about 220,000 each, and if you boost them all it'll cost you a whopping 11 millions in online currency. Then you will also need to buy a mobile command center WITH a vehicle workshop and then buy the APC, and then spend the money to add the missile turret to it. Oh, and it doesn't lock on aircraft.Now you may be thinking that making a few millions in this game isn't so bad... Well... it is. It really is. When you think about a tough grind, you might think of World of Tanks and it is quite a grind indeed, but it's not as bad as GTA Online's. The regular jobs you get from contacts... Sure, do them so you can get a good amount of RP, but don't trust them to net you any significant amount of money. Heists can be interesting if you're the leader, where you'll take most of the payday after the heist finale. But they're much and it is very difficult to find a team that will not troll you, will not act as idiots and will not generally just give you a VERY bad time.There are other options such as exporting cars once you buy the car garage, but don't exepct it to be as easy since you have to source the car, pay for the repair on it if it gets damaged, then pay for the mods if you want to sell it at a high value and then whatever damage it sustains from your warehouse to the delivery point, comes out of your commission. Oh, and expect plenty of military helicopters and jets to try and succesfully bomb your while you're delivering the car, causing you to lose money on it.You can get around this grind if you can shell out money for the shark cards. The ones that give you any real amount of money that you'd be able to actually spend on things you might like are more expensive than the game itself. And with each online DLC, odds are you'd need AT LEAST 2 or maybe 3 of that one specific card. One DLC comes to mind where the total amount of vehicles and other assets you could purchase totals in the 33,000,000 for all the content, so unless you plan on making GTA Online your full time job, you will likely not see most of the online content. The exception being if you were lucky enough to be playing it when it was released on the PS3 and Xbox 360 and where around when the ""moneypocalypse"" happened and you're pretty much an in game billionaire.And by the way, the online DLC content that comes from time to time, does not get put in the singleplayer portion of the game and you'd only be able to access with mods, which are not okay according to GTA V developers.TL;DR The singleplayer portion of the game isn't bad, but don't expect any singleplayer DLC soon. The online portion is riddled with connection problems, hackers, trolls and is somewhat toxic. The DLC content for online does not get put on singleplayer and is safely tucked away behind a soft paywall (which is actually a VERY thick paywall). The only real way to get significant online currency is buying shark cards that are pretty expensive and you'd need several with each DLC to be able to access all the content."
,Not Recommended,271590,32583098,Posted: 19 June,all,Spooky Spy,"Illegal to install mods cause they want you to buy their shark cards instead. The biggest ""♥♥♥♥ you pay me"" I've honestly, ever seen."
76561198085195232,Not Recommended,271590,34826836,Posted: 8 September,all,TacticalDave,"Honestly, it is a good game, I have loved gta all of my life, and think they build quality titles. However, I had 1.2 million of 100% legitimate money removed in game, this is nowhere near how much some people have had removed, this just shows what they're all about, after contacting them about this mistake, I received a generic copy/paste message as a response. Rockstar knows that removing money from people only affects us legitmate players, people using mods would use their mods to get their money back in a few seconds, not grinding for hours, even days like us legitmate players have to. They also absoulutely do not care enough to even respond to you. Their plan is that if they remove money from the online economy, then at least some of it will come back in form of shark cards, and that money just goes straight into their pocket. I hate to say this about a rockstar title, but they have made it this way... I STRONGLY recomend DO NOT BUY this game, it is obvious that this game is just a way to scam money from people, and it is extremely obvious that this is the case, other games make money while remaining honest. this is a major turning point for Rockstar, throwing your customers under the bus to make a quick buck will not fly well with people who have supported them all the way, through the bad publicity, and all, without their customers, they do not have a company, and they do not seem to care. If you waste your money on this game, you will waste your time playing it because rockstar will spend every day trying to plan how they can take money from you, stealing your time in real life."
,Recommended,271590,26973097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Amxzy,"I've had the pleasure of experiencing Grand Theft Auto V from day one on Playstation 3, and I still enjoy it just as much today, on Playstation 4 and PC... I mean who doesn't love getting run over multiple times, getting shot from a distance, watching dogs get it on and wondering where Trevor was going to show up next, and what he'd be wearing, if anything."
76561198045718964,Not Recommended,271590,16409962,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Firevolve,You should not buy this game. The multiplayer has been abandoned by rockstar. The number of cheaters far outweighs the number of non-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Rockstar is incapable of dealing out a harsherUPDATE: The game is still full of hackers and it seems that Rockstar can't fix the problem. Rockstar has absolutely failed to take control of the situation and don't deserve your money.
,Not Recommended,271590,16362525,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mo,Crashes too often without a given reason. Running GTX 980 with latest drivers.
76561198053054439,Not Recommended,271590,32600058,Posted: 20 June,all,goofy,I got this game to use mods and now I can't.
,Not Recommended,271590,32630531,Posted: 21 June,all,ApacheBeard,"whether you play mods or not, shutting down mods is very bad for whatever game you play.  Mods are at the heart and soul of the gaming industry.  Especially now-a-days when we have lazy devs pumping out trash every year.  Watch videos of people playing games on youtube and then watch people play modded games.  While people do have fun playing games the way the devs want you to enjoy them, the people playing modded games consistantly enjoy themselves because they are playing the game the way THEY want to.  That is something people don't think about enough.  Anyway, I have played a bunch of Rockstar games (mostly on console) and this is enough to make me stop supporting them with my hard earned money.  I mean, look  at this game.  It still costs $60!!!  It is almost 4 years old!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32587218,Posted: 20 June,all,Tuna,I really would not like to give this amazing game a negative review but the online has at least one modder in one server. I am not exaggerating.
,Not Recommended,271590,28639319,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Thomas,"They suddenly decide to ban thousands, half of them innocent, then have a huge sale the next day for people to re-buy. Really Rockstar?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32618548,Posted: 21 June,all,SavukalaSaatana,Good game. No mods to give more late game content.
,Not Recommended,271590,32604978,Posted: 20 June,all,twin,"Absolute garbage. Along with their latest debachery of banning singleplayer mods, (lol wat?) none of the gameplay is engaging or fun. Online gameplay consists of one or more of the following:Buying the game again in sharkcards to play the DLCNo lifing a thousand hours to play the DLCBegging a hacker to hack you in funds to play the DLCOn top of this, online missions are buggy and prone to game breaking bugs.For the love of god, do not buy this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32425237,Posted: 14 June,all,Logjam,♥♥♥♥ you taketwo
,Not Recommended,271590,34404512,Posted: 21 August,all,Cleetus (bone hurting juice),"The GTA Online module is a complete grindfest, that nearly forces you to pay rockstar real money for in game currency which you need to spend in order to enjoy the game properly. Overrun with hackers which are ignored by rockstar, the only hackers who are cracked down upon are the money spawners, because it affects rockstars bottom line."
76561198129155108,Not Recommended,271590,32640621,Posted: 22 June,all,JustAFan,"The game it self is good, but did you really have to ♥♥♥♥ up mods ?"
,Not Recommended,271590,28572710,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kupo,"Only a few weeks ago I would have been more than happy to recommend this game to anyone even with the large amount of annoyances that come with playing the online.But after receiving a ban last month for 30 days without any reason and a profile wipe that made me less likely to recommend this game. Especially when I call rockstar and get spoken to like trash and just repeatedly told that they will not look at bans or false bans as it is ""company policy""This month I join GTA and play with my friends again with a new, fresh install of the game on a new character, everything was going well I had a great time then I get an email just after leaving telling me I have been permanently banned. I phone rockstar again who tell me the same stuff they even go further and tell me they arent even allowed to talk to me on the phone after I mention the ban or they see it on my profile. They then told me if I wanted to play the game again the only way I can do that is to buy a new copy. (Bit funny the game just went on sale right?) and they have done 2 ban waves in 2 months?Take this review as you want but I as a person can accept a ban if I deserved it but this is taking it way too far and not at least telling me why I was banned is even more rediculous. I asked about my shark cards they said ""they willl not be refunded as you breached our terms and conditions"" (but they can't tell me which one. apparently noone at the company can)The short story of this review, do not buy the game it has become too clear to me that Rockstar doesnt mind doing shady business to make extra profit."
,Not Recommended,271590,32590979,Posted: 20 June,all,mikichii,"It had been all nice and great, but now TakeTwo decided to pull the strings and ruin the entire community. Modding was a huge part of enjoyment regarding the Grand Theft Auto series. Me personally, I cannot believe it turned this way.I don't know if this is true, but shutting down OpenIV to avoid 'cheating' in GTA:Online?It makes no sense in my eyes and in my mind at all. Altering files with OpenIV for the multiplayer?You'd get banned straight away, not necessarily instantly, but really close in the nearest future.Though everyone I know is using it only for purposes like, being creative, designing (gameplay-wise, graphic enhancements et cetera), learning skills (like 3D creations, vehicles, characters / peds / models, even programming like scripts, an example would be, instead of just gunning around, people go ahead and play the actual side of peacemaker, a cop, so there are mods to play either as firefighter, paramedic and police officer, even since GTA:IV and GTA: San Andreas). If TakeTwo has any reasons for OpenIV to be shut down, for reasons like GTA:Online, this is not reasonable, rather questionable. It could only be to gain profit. Buy SharkCards, play GTA:Online. This and that.But if we're going to be honest, if people would alter the game with OpenIV to cheat in GTA:Online, they would be banned pretty soon. But then, creating a new account would mean, buying a whole new copy of the game. You must be pretty dedicated and messed up to actually waste money for cheating like this, it would rather be an addition that needs medical attention and beyond.I don't know ANYONE who would use OpenIV to disturb the online experience. It is meant for singleplayer, and I don't know how this is and could affect the online world and others' experience.As of now, I won't pre-order any Rockstar Games and TakeTwo Interactive games, perhaps not buy them at all in the future. Modding was a good impact on the game, even with the dozens of restrictions Rockstar threw at us, it has only been made worse. Can't tell if they are taking the consumer's opinion and them in general serious anymore or just as a profit for themselves. What are you creating this game for? For the players, or for your own profit? Well, you can't make any profit without the huge amount of players who used to support this series.88% of the recent reviews, overwhelmingly negative. If that's not a sign already, then I don't know.This review is not supposed to change and alter your own opinion about this game. This is just my own brief statement, which I felt like I should post and just let my thoughts go into this.Just an addition:It's awful to see the people who spend their time on, amazing content creators (without charge of money), users, roleplayers and more, dedicating themselves with passion and interest, being ignored by the industry like Rockstar Games and TakeTwo. It rather seems that they don't care at all about their players no more. With that said, there's a lack of chance, that they might reconsider their 'strategy' on marketing, online (cheating) policy and their plans all together."
76561198104980391,Not Recommended,271590,29780946,Posted: 8 February,all,迪克,BANNED FOR NO REASON AND ROCKSTAR WONT HELP ME ABOUT ITMANY CHEATERS AT PUBLICDONT BUY THIS GAMETHE GAME MASTER IS BOT AND ROCKSTAR ONLY WANT YOUR MONEY
,Not Recommended,271590,32423561,Posted: 14 June,all,Sydch,"Take-Two decided to ♥♥♥♥ up whole modding community and illegalize OpenIV due ""allow third parties to defeat security features of its software and modify that software in violation Take-Two's rights"".Yeah, it means ""we can't prepare good security system"". It's your fault Take-Two. People cheats on consoles too even WITHOUT OpenIV. Open your ♥♥♥♥ing eyes, you need to improve your anti-cheat systems, not ♥♥♥♥ up modding tools.Jeez, this is humilation to people who just plays modded singleplayer. Well done Take-Two, well done."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447640,Posted: 15 June,all,P H A N T O M,"Banning mods, not optimizing online further for faster loading screens, god damn shark cars ruining how the online dlcs work......this was a greate game but over time rockstar just got greedy and wanted money from its fanbase, not cool guys, just dont ♥♥♥♥ up or with red dead 2 please"
,Not Recommended,271590,32449658,Posted: 15 June,all,Kothen,"Single Player is Fun, Online is pretty meh at best. OpenIV was a mod that aimed to improve all the flaws that GTA:online had  but now has been threatened legally. I will no longer be supporting Rockstar in any future releases as an anti modding policy is not needed in gaming."
76561198018295844,Not Recommended,271590,32706208,Posted: 23 June,all,ExtremelyDrunk_AMA,"Take Two disabled single player modding tools, which is the sole reason I purchased this game on PC."
,Not Recommended,271590,28901001,Posted: 1 January,all,M.O.A.B11,Randomly mass bans accounts to get you to buy another on there steam sale for 30$. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,28620573,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kyubey,Do not buy. Neither Steam nor Rockstar care about their customers in the slightest.You will get falsely banned without any option to appeal.
,Not Recommended,271590,30329613,Posted: 4 March,all,Marvelix,"Why i get ban?I do not play GTA 5 for approximately 5 months and i just log in yesterday and get banned??You know i didnt use cheat or mods in online, so why i get banned???Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,33116350,Posted: 1 July,all,FARESIGAMER,just what can i say......
76561198106015562,Not Recommended,271590,16397317,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Coffrius,"Not to harp on what Rockstar is currently doing, they spend all the DLC and time on the Online experience which is awful, it lags and like everyone has pointed out, rampant with hackers. Until they start putting the money behind what made the series good, the single player, I think I'm done with it."
76561198030458890,Not Recommended,271590,34546322,Posted: 27 August,all,Prologus,The game i still flooded with hackers. Not only do you have to worry about hackers takin all your in game money. You also have to worry about Rockstar/Take-Two taking all your money aswell.
,Not Recommended,271590,32632985,Posted: 21 June,all,Mirai,"don't release single player dlc, ban single player mods, still don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about hackers, they think removing mods will fix it but it wont, they just want single players to go online and waste money on their stupid shark cards"
76561198118907446,Not Recommended,271590,16360410,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Colefroman,"Racing is probably the only reason you would want to play multiplayer, the pvp combat is trash and worse than some early access survival game. This game literally ruined my whole day."
76561197981397576,Not Recommended,271590,16369020,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TROJAN UK,"Would  love to say game is great ,as i so enjoyed it,but real downside is after just 2 months of it being online the hackers have ruined this game,cant belive why people have so much fun hacking its beyond me,ROCKSTAR needs to sort this♥♥♥♥♥♥out or its going down the pan fast,pity as the peeps who are legit players get screwed over,hope ROCKSTAR  takes this onboard and cuts their balls off.wrong wording hackers dont have any."
76561197992135934,Not Recommended,271590,33209173,Posted: 3 July,all,Rigatoni,negative review because of the attack on the modding community
76561198096270014,Not Recommended,271590,34401751,Posted: 21 August,all,XZeeR,"i have been a huge fan of GTA games, but i've found this one to be terrible; the was no flow to the story mode, and i have often found myself just looking for something to do even though i was just beginning the game.the characters are terrible and either boring af or too over the top.and driving cars felt terrible and klunky. i really regret the money spent on it :/"
,Not Recommended,271590,34629301,Posted: 31 August,all,salty ZAN M!X,"I love this game, but the amount of unnecessary bans, ACTUAL cheaters roam free and drop money on innocent players, resulting in the innocent to get banned, I've got nothing against the money cheaters actually.  Rockstar is just plain ♥♥♥♥ign ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Also, RIP singleplayer mods hahah xddd"
,Not Recommended,271590,29952729,Posted: 15 February,all,REGIMENT OF FOOT,Say no to sharkcards.
76561198106329564,Not Recommended,271590,32560659,Posted: 19 June,all,eDGEbOI,"Awsome single player game, but banning mods, really?? wtf"
,Not Recommended,271590,32472289,Posted: 16 June,all,Ellamin【=◈︿◈=】,I won't even consider playing again unless openIV is reinstated.
,Not Recommended,271590,32585622,Posted: 20 June,all,sрy,I can't believe I bought into this scam of a game
,Not Recommended,271590,23398846,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Nick ☭,many cheaters and other ♥♥♥♥
76561198031718796,Not Recommended,271590,32613201,Posted: 21 June,all,Steakhouse,RIP OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,25084274,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,HunterMc,"I've had GTA V since the game originally came out for PS3 and Xbox 360. I've put countless hours into the game and spent my fair share of money on shark cards. However, the other day in the middle of a race I get banned for no reason. I contact Rockstar and they say that they have had some issues with the cheat detection system and it shouldn't happen again. Fast forward to today and I get banned again, this time permanently. I tried to contact Rockstar online multiple times but get the same automated response stating that they don't do appeals on bans. I decided to call their support line and get the same response. No one even tried to help me. I've never modded or glitched anything in this game and I still got banned for no reason. Don't waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game because odds are you won't even be able to play it."
,Not Recommended,271590,29555743,Posted: 28 January,all,Duke Musclebus,I was banned for 30 days for receiving modded money from another player. Upon returning to the game my character that i've had since release was deleted. Rockstar can suck it.
76561198194722406,Not Recommended,271590,29556481,Posted: 28 January,all,DDG Slick,♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS perma banned for trying to get in a mission with a modder in my server that i didnt want to be with.............I DIDNT EVEN HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING MENU!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,26193170,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MssME-Inidar,"Welp, that's it. Rockstar just put the final nail in the coffin for this one.After 15 hours of playing the intro mission over and over again, 20 hours of staring at load screens, 3 hours of setting the same configs over and over again, 10 hours of waiting to return to the game world after some shartstick aborts their heist in the planning room, 2 hours trying to figure out how to turn off the sodding recorder (what is this obsession with recording games nowadays? seems like every manufacturer of everything wants to insert their recording software into the thing I actually meant to buy), and 30 hours of actually playing the damn game (which is pretty fun tbh), I'm throwing in the towel. Why? ""Is it the pay-to-win?"" you may ask. ""Is it the 15-minute loadscreens across the board, whether it's on a 4800RPM HDD, a 7200RPM HDD or a SATA3 SSD? The obnoxious and utterly pointless Social Club network? The way they keep adding content but never address issues reported by thousands of users? I know, you must be sick and tired of playing the first 15 minutes of the singleplayer mode at random intervals in order to play the game you actually paid to play!""Well the answers are ""no,"" ""no,"" ""no,"" ""no,"" and ""jesus christ, right? But no.""I am abandoning this game and leaving this review because despite literally nothing changing about my system since the last time I played, I cannot open the Steam overlay, and my Steam controller bindings will not work, defaulting instead to the desktop bindings, which, as any Steam controller owner can tell you, are totally useless for playing GTA. As for solutions, at this point if it's on the internet I have tried it, from updating every driver in my system to reinstalling to opting in to the Steam Client beta, to tabbing out and back in. Nothing. I have wasted hours of my day simply staring at the load screen waiting to see if the last thing I tried worked, and the answer every time was ""no."" The only progress I made was regaining keyboard control (!), which is something I should not have to wrestle with a $60 AAA game for, especially not this long after launch.As driving a car with a keyboard is a horrid experience, and I refuse to install the requisite resource-hogging Xbox bloatware on my system in order to use an Xbox controller, I am going to cut my losses at this point and find a different game to play. Thanks for the 30 hours of gameplay I got out of my 80 hours of effort, I guess."
76561198113748284,Not Recommended,271590,23269860,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,awp丶,Why forbid me. I have never cheated. Give me the answer. This is the second time that I have been banned.
,Not Recommended,271590,16349823,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,punknub (too high),This game works on my 360 but not on my PC with much better specs um WTF?! Fix the stutter I have plenty of RAM and CPU and my GFX card is FINE. WTF rip my money.
,Not Recommended,271590,16388783,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dude,"Single-Player 9/10Multiplayer 3/10 (Seriously it's like Elite Dangerous, all box and no sand, only really fun thing for me was some missions and hiests)EA-esque business tactics?Damn too bad I can't refund"
,Not Recommended,271590,32532759,Posted: 18 June,all,Kez,Scum bags C&Ding♥♥♥♥♥♥that kept their games alive for years.
,Not Recommended,271590,32462115,Posted: 15 June,all,Silent Rob ϟϟ ✠,You're really going to screw over your entire fanbase like this?To hell with Rockstar and Take Two. I'm never buying your games again.
,Not Recommended,271590,34729159,Posted: 4 September,all,Bat Eyes,stole 5 million for a friend I know has never cheated.
,Not Recommended,271590,34647550,Posted: 31 August,all,ajinator4000,"Rockstar and Take Two ensure every update comes out requiring grinding upon grinding to actually experience any new content, only for the updates to feature more grinding. On top of all that, they couldn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about their fanbase, banning bystanders rather than hackers themselves, trying to milk as much money as possible from the blantantly shameless shark cards, and offering nothing in the way of customer support. Buy this game for the SP, avoid the multiplayer like the plague."
,Recommended,271590,17568764,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,✌ Stifmeister Jr. ✌,"I got the 400 hours mark and i think its time to do a review.Honestly do i recomend this game? YESWhy? Because its a GTA game and one of the best that they ever made.Well lets start with the review:Pros:-Giant map (Gorgeous and intricately-detailed)-World feels truly alive from the sky to the mountains to the desert ocean floor, wildlife compliments this nicely-Gorgeous Graphics that make you get more immersive in Los Santos-Amazing Story-Three Characters to play (Trevor is the BEST)-Brilliantly varied missionS even in SP and MP (you have more to do in MP)-Heist missions are great even in SP and MP-Rockstar Video Editor is amazing-Awesome car handling-Voice over of the characters is awesome-The excellent first-person mode makes for a very different experience-Very Well optimized(i could give you 1000 more pros of gta but i think i choose the most important ones)Cons:-You need a very powerfull righ to get all the specs to ultra-Some frame drops since last update (hope they fix it)-New wanted system is flawed (while i like the whole each cop has its own rader idea, 1 star is very annoying to get rid of and takes a while-Slow Interface-First Person makes driving very difficult-Modders, alot of them on Online they are very annoying-Long Loading times on online-If anyone leaves during an heist mission you need to restart it.Well guys hope i helped you choose to buy or not the game and make sure that this is ONLY MY OPINION!!Overall 9,4/10  (Only because of some of the online issues)"
,Recommended,271590,15388382,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ZuuL,"Well after a metric ton of crashes I'm still convinced this is a great game, rockstar did a good job optimizing it, I can get 100+ fps on a gtx 970 at like high settings, so that's great.However I was flooded with display driver crashes all the way up to my PC completely locking up forcing it to restart, no crashdump nothing it just locks up.What I did to *hopefully* get a stable experience- I did a full clean of my display drivers with display driver uninstaller while in safe mode.- Reinstalled the gta V ready drivers- Display driver crashes occured every few minutes while in borderless fullscreen on 144hz. So I went fullscreen and used vsync to lock fps to 144.- Also did a complete reinstall of GTAVThese steps had me playing this afternoon for 3-4 hours did 2 heists completely and didn't have a single hickup in frames, not a sngle freeze or displaydriver crash after doing these steps. I recommend everyone doing the same until rockstar finds a fix for these issues.Crashes occur on (my specs):i7 2600K 8GB RAM GTX 970."
76561198046139330,Not Recommended,271590,32582231,Posted: 19 June,all,bradarbery532,"I loved this game, only problem is the developers are starting to rely to heavily on the online mode, which really takes away from the singleplayer experience. The recent removal of OpenIV, a singleplayer only modding tool, really hits the creative community hard and we won't get to see new machinimas up from this platform because let's be real, the director mode sucks and really limits what you can do creatively. Not to mention the community that likes to come home and just mess around with the game in our spare time because not all of us have the time to grind online to earn cash and level up, or some just don't like having to play with the rest of the community like me, sometimes it's just better to run around doing your own thing without getting bombed by some random helicopter. All in all GTA has taken aturn towards a downhill slope and they're going to have to change a few things to keep a lot of their fanbase interested"
76561198076075712,Not Recommended,271590,32806999,Posted: 26 June,all,Fuzsoo,"The game was ok, now it's not."
,Not Recommended,271590,32950160,Posted: 28 June,all,Juan Ho,Online is full of hackers
76561198119984033,Not Recommended,271590,28609581,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NTKin,no cheat no modget banned in christmaswill not buy rockstar's game forever
,Not Recommended,271590,16425759,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jordan,Marketing is styled after their game - ♥♥♥♥♥♥ actions. b8/8 would not recommend and would not purchase future games
,Not Recommended,271590,16426139,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DERO76,"Shady business practices, I'm not going to support it. This is borderline, if not full blown false advertising.No anti-cheating system in place resulting in an endless amount of hackers who ruin the experience by killing you from out of nowhere, crashing your game and even framing other players by killing everyone on the server using their username. And when you finally manage to find a session which isn't infested with script kiddies, don't expect the fun to last long, as the game will freeze regularly. These are issues which have been plaguing the game since day one.""Yes, the game constantly crashes, yes it's filled with cheaters, yes there are glitches, and we could fix all that but you know what, ♥♥♥♥ that and ♥♥♥♥ you - here's a new pistol and a discount on all fedoras for the next five days. Ya happy?""To add insult to injury, Rockstar doesn't do jack sh*t to fix any of this, and the process of reporting a single case of hacking takes a needless amount of effort.Is the game fun? Yes, it is. It would have been even more fun if Rockstar weren't smelling their own farts all the time and actually knuckle down to resolve all the issues that the PC version has. Seriously, is this the best they could do after more than two years? They had all the time and resources in the world to make sure this doesn't happen. It's like this game was made by an indie team of three-or-so people."
76561198046412940,Not Recommended,271590,32630463,Posted: 21 June,all,Fiery AMD,"No mods , no party"
,Not Recommended,271590,32474134,Posted: 16 June,all,Spanky Pie,"Take Two can take all its bull crap, turn it sideways and stick it straight up its candy♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,28508711,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Flonk28,Banned Theft Auto VI'm pretty sure Rockstar just wiped the accounts of half their active playerbase & banned them.Sunk 1K+ hours into GTA online only to have my day one 2013 xbox 360 character wiped from existence. Seems a bit harsh when people just want to have fun.It's impossible to appeal your bans which goes to show how many ♥♥♥♥♥ rockstar gives about its players.
76561198000488014,Not Recommended,271590,18778052,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Wolf Lumet,"to many online hackers, first off they are in every server your in, then after having the game for 4 months it got to the point where I got perm. banned due to the hackers modifying everyone's stats and levels. Rockstar wasn't helpful because they refused to listen or look into the wrongful banning. So now since I am unable to access online, all I can do is single player and game mods like LCPDFR ((police mod))"
76561198062530551,Not Recommended,271590,32626138,Posted: 21 June,all,ThatGuyAgain3211,"Want to be the developers money ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥? Look no further than GTA Online! Where everything is obscenely more expensive than singleplayer and shark cards are your pimps way of getting you Denny's at 2 in the morning. ""But wait,"" you say, ""rather than spend all my shekels on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, why don't I just go onto singleplayer and mod for my own entertainment rather than spend my weeks pay to get a borderline ok experience online?"" Well ♥♥♥♥ you Rebecca, because now our benevolent overlords have be rid us of such sinful tools. Now, you can only play a singleplayer that has been stagnant versus the amount of attention given to online. Thanks take two, because now I get to waste my hard earned money not on food, or toiletries, or any of those other useless necessities but instead on the worthy investment that is shark cards."
76561198055885209,Not Recommended,271590,32587204,Posted: 20 June,all,Uraneum,"The modding community is the one thing in gaming built out of nothing but charity, sharing, and a genuine love for games. It's one of the few things relatively untouched and unsoiled by the greedy corporate pigs of the gaming industry.Take-Two wants to change that."
76561198037520126,Not Recommended,271590,34083140,Posted: 7 August,all,Eiríkr,"GTA: Online is a toxic community where people who have grinded their way up to have weaponized vehicles/ or modded, Ruin the game for the entire rest of the population. There is no such thing as a ""bad sport lobby"" Pretty much any lobby you join will end up in you being harrassed by bored players.I wouldn't recommend playing except with friends, I've blocked R*'s ports in my firewall settings, and am still able to play ""public"" sessions without any other players.EDIT: Modder dropped money on me, went through R*'s no appeal ban process and am now forced to start completely over.  I'm done with this game. Doubtful I'll get GTA 6 when and if it comes out, Customer support for GTA V has been awful. Buy it for console if you REALLY want it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32630533,Posted: 21 June,all,Kemando,"Tfw you hate your own community, and customer base."
76561198002812916,Not Recommended,271590,32634521,Posted: 21 June,all,Money,Online is brokenTook forever to released heistsTook forever to come out for PCOh yeah and mods lol
,Not Recommended,271590,32722163,Posted: 24 June,all,Comrade,No mods
,Not Recommended,271590,29947290,Posted: 15 February,all,g4msGaM3R,"GTA is a great game, I really enjoyed playing it on singleplayer and completing all missions.However, if you intend to play it online (which I don't recommend) you should be really careful right now.I just got banned but did not use any cheat or did anything wrong.I was in a heist and out of the blue I got the message:""Your account was used in violation of our Terms of Service and/or EULA (...)As a result, your account has been suspended from playing GTA Online on PC for 30 days. In addition to being suspended, all GTA Online characters, progress and inventory on PC will be reset.""Later I found out people are getting banned because they were using some softwares like Discord, Teamspeak, BandicamFraps, OBS, XSplit.I was using Discord to chat with friends and was recording the game with Xsplit, so I guess this was the reason for the ban.Then I opened a ticket to explain the situation and thought that everything was going to be ok, but...I got an automated message that said: ""All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed."" and my ticket was closed.Nice customer service. 10/10Thanks Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,23324905,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Fourdam,"The single player was one of the best GTA experience I have had so far, but the online gameplay is ruined by hackers making it really only half the product that it should be."
,Not Recommended,271590,32657607,Posted: 22 June,all,raymaster,Taketwo and rockstars actions only alienates their customers.So many things wrong with this.  I don't think anyone needs to be told.primary shareholdershttp://zmclp.com/contact/
,Not Recommended,271590,32668731,Posted: 23 June,all,Bub1029,"Purchased the game and played onlne for awhile. Then a modder came online late at night, dropped millions of dollars into my pocket. I spent it on some fun vehicles. About 3 hours later I was banned by the server. Rockstar needs to chill tf out and  be cool. It's not players fault that they made a grindy online experience that lacks almost any fun unless you start with like 15 mill"
76561198200000205,Not Recommended,271590,32593914,Posted: 20 June,all,keangkubpom,take two bad
,Not Recommended,271590,32889033,Posted: 27 June,all,Poormaz,"Dont buy this game. RockStar doesnt care about players. Full of cheater, disspointed mission in online ."
,Not Recommended,271590,33019077,Posted: 29 June,all,TwinkleBat,"I got banned from this game while it wasn't installed on my computer. Bought it, played for awhile with friends, stopped playing and came back about a year later to find my account banned forever. Contacted support, pretty obvious it wasn't me using the account at the time as the email address was changed, the language reset to russian and logins were from russia, they stated their bans are absolute and can't be undone. Terrible customer support, fun game but  funding a company that treats customers like trash is a bad idea.On a side note, GTA 5 online part is fun to play with friends but they'll screw you any chance they get."
,Not Recommended,271590,16325226,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,skvarky,DO NOT BUY IN THE SUMMER SALE
,Not Recommended,271590,32612366,Posted: 21 June,all,Miles,"The loading times are atrocious. Taking a minimum 10 minutes upwards to get anywhere.You will crash at any point in time, most likely while running crates or during a mission causing you to lose a lot of cash and if you don't then one of your friends will crash regardless of how good your computer is.The single player is unsupported while multiplayer vehicles being given priority over single player such as the hydra not being available in single player yet is fully implemented.The companies involved with this game have done everything in their power to shutdown the modding scene for this game and they encourage the player base to screw others over for peanuts.This happens with CEO missions, cargo deliveries and the like as examples. Imaging spending 20 hours real time filling a warehouse only for your delivery vehicle to be missiled by a random joe blog and lose upwards of a million ingame dollars with no insurance ability ingame or anything.The game is designed to nickle and dime you at every corner, if you buy an upgrade, you don't ""own"" it because if you change it you'll have to re-buy the old one if you want to swap back. For trivial things such as musical car horns which cost $25,000 ""just cause"" it is ridiculous and this applies to any vechile modification, if you change it you will have to rebuy to change back.It is a massive waste of time and ingame cash trying to do anything.Hackers are prevalent in all of the servers. Doing things such as:Going into god mode unkillable.Sniping you and your vechicle from impossible ranges away.Making everyone fall through the ground and causing their characters to strip dance below the terrain with glitched out graphics with no way to stop it besides exiting the game.Those are a few of the hacker experiences I have had.When it comes to this game, hold onto your money and find a different game to play."
,Not Recommended,271590,32619847,Posted: 21 June,all,Gunjamed1,Avoid
,Not Recommended,271590,16335656,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tawmy,"I write reviews so rarely. But this game needs one. Let me give you five reasons why.1st: The loading times.I have no idea why this game loads so incredibly long. I can basically get some coffee while I'm joining a session (or loading story mode, for that matter). It's not my connection and definitely not my computer. My friends have the same issues.2nd: The netcode.Whatever they did there, they failed horribly. It's incredible how this game just sucks your internet connection dry. I can play it. But everyone who does not have a 16Mbit/s connection or a slower computer has serious lags that make the game nearly unplayable.3rd: The stability.When the game came out, you were not able to switch back to fullscreen mode. The screen remained black and the game needed to be shut down. They fixed that one at least. I also don't get any crashes personally. BUT: I know at least three people who get them regularily, one of them is in my heist team, so we need to restart heists from time to time which sucks badly.4th: The Social Club.Why the HELL does that garbage even exist anymore? Basically everything the Social Club does can also be done through Steam. When I want to open a party in Team Fortress 2 or Dota 2, I just invite people through Steam. So when you implement a DRM like Social Club in your game, why not just STEAM? The social features of Steam have NEVER failed me. Social Club does on a regular basis. Not only do invites not reach me often, even if they do, they are heavily delayed.But the worst part about Social Club by FAR is the security. I have no idea if it is still the case, but in the first few weeks, THOUSANDS of accounts were stolen. Hell, a friend needed nearly two weeks to get his account back (at least he did eventually), and it was not because he had a weak password, but because even HE was able to get into other people's accounts after he researched a bit on the topic!5th: The most dickish move a publisher could actually make.We write the 11th of June. People are eagerly awaiting the Steam sale to buy a game which has been out on consoles for YEARS now. They don't want to pay 60€ for it. Might be because they don't want to BECAUSE it is such an old game, or because they simply don't want or can spend that much money on a single game. Whatever is true, does not matter at all. They just awaited at least a -15 or -20% deal on the game as we always get during such sales.But what happens? With the start of the Steam sale, Rockstar releases ""DLCs"" that just give you in-game money you can also get through normally doing heists. They bundle the game with one of those DLCs so the price increases to 75€. But HEY, people still want their sale, right? So we do a -15€ discount so the game basically matches the usual 60€ price tag! People will love that, right? RIGHT?NO, they freakin' don't! And while I DID pay the full 60€ when the game came out, I regretted it so much since then. And I was one of the people who defended Rockstar so much in the beginning. ""Yeees, the game is years old, BUT that does not make the gameplay worse. It also has much better graphics than PS4 and XBone. It is even a good port this time!""So while the story is pretty enjoyable, everything else about this game is not. It has pretty much destroyed it for me. I'm not sure if I will even finish the goddamn story."
76561198041014776,Not Recommended,271590,16355315,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ravenlie,wouldn't love to give a positive review.. the game is awsome fun.. but they jacked the price to nearly a hundred bucks for teh steam summer sale.. dirty move...the game is normally 69 bucks.. do the math thier ripping you a new one with there 25% off bull
,Not Recommended,271590,16353847,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Phar,"Game's been out for 2 years and this is how they treat the PC community that waited dilligently for a port? ♥♥♥♥ you, Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32641782,Posted: 22 June,all,~Headshot!~,R* doesnt care for their customers' experience.
,Not Recommended,271590,29562965,Posted: 29 January,all,BlazingBigJointz,"After hundreds of hours of legit gaming (no cheats) I was banned by Rockstar for one month playing online and will have my online character reset. I have spent enormous amount of time building up my empire and I cannot appeal this suspension/reset.Rockstar, I will NEVER buy any of your products again. NEVER, EVER, EVER.If you plan to play online prepare for random ban and you have NO way to appeal."
76561198095286911,Not Recommended,271590,24427492,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Niggy,"The games ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ban support is a bot who can only send the same message over and over again, and immediately tags your support ticket as ""solved"" even though they havent done ANYTHING to help with the problem. I was banned for an entire 30 days for no real reason. GTA Online is really the only appeal the game has, and bans should only affect public lobbies, not the entire section of the game, which is about 75% of all of GTA V. I had posted 3 different support tickets on different days for the same problem, and each one gave me the exact same automated response. I then asked for a real human to reply, and then I got the EXACT SAME MESSAGE UNDER A DIFFERENT NAME, as if they were mocking me. Guess I'll just have to ♥♥♥♥ing wait for another 26 days to play this game again."
,Not Recommended,271590,24626731,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Uncle Moe Lester,Rockstar doesnt car about there gamers/customers being banned all they care about is $$$ classic automated bot answering machine.... its like theyre trying to keep u banned
76561198063038758,Not Recommended,271590,16427795,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Monkey,"""Let's sell a card bundle for $20.99 on the front page of steam with a link straight to the game, so it looks like we DID put it on sale.""""Won't that♥♥♥♥♥♥people off?""""Yep.""GTA V 9/10Rockstar business decisions 1/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,34846525,Posted: 9 September,all,cyborgcats,"Overpriced for a game released over 2 years ago, then banning people arbitrarily, removed modding, then forcing people who have already paid for the game to either pay more money, or work full time just to have any fun in the multiplayer.tl;dr, ♥♥♥♥ you, Rockstar. I would refund this in a second if I could."
76561198060871484,Not Recommended,271590,32782350,Posted: 25 June,all,b3astm0nk3y,not worth the money even on sale.
,Not Recommended,271590,32976873,Posted: 29 June,all,yung w00f,Honestly the online experience is awful. Hackers run amok. People that pay have a huge advantage on you and you have to grind for literal hours to catch up. Plus mods are banned.
,Recommended,271590,33262445,Posted: 4 July,all,Paul Atishon,"You can stop disliking now, OpenIV is back.Stop complaining about loading screens, did you expect a huge map with pedestrians and cars to load in 30 seconds?Stop complaining about not being able to access online with mods, just put the mods in a folder and put the folder in the common file if you want to play online.And most important of all, don't blame Rockstar for anything, it's the publishers that do they dirty work.(also fix online mode, the payout in that thing is worse than being unemployed.)"
,Not Recommended,271590,30662313,Posted: 21 March,all,Slash,Purely because the final triathalon exists and is required to get 100%. Games are supposed to be fun.
,Recommended,271590,15347720,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,MarcosFelipe94,It was worth every money spentlove this game10/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32583121,Posted: 19 June,all,Linus The Otter,"Come on nintendo, what are you doing?"
76561198101213414,Not Recommended,271590,32632162,Posted: 21 June,all,サイコは止まる,"This game is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the mods are not on anymore, THE♥♥♥♥♥♥IS TOO EXPENSIVE, THEY MAKE IT TOO DAMN HARD TO MAKE SOME DAMN MONEY IN THIS GOT DAMN ONLINE ♥♥♥♥ING WORLD"
,Not Recommended,271590,32625027,Posted: 21 June,all,puppyman two guns,Trash game. Save your money for something else.
,Not Recommended,271590,16343373,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ᅚᅚ,"The current state of online is a nightmare, Rockstar dos not do anything to stop hackers, 2 weeks ban? what hackers would be afraid of it?getting blown off from the air piloting a chopper, or getting blown up for leading in a race, or gettingblown up cause some hacker ios bored.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU REALLY WANT THE STORY MODE ONLY.or atleast untill rockstar get off thier butt and place anti cheat system."
,Not Recommended,271590,32585566,Posted: 20 June,all,TasTeDaBombs,sucks take two how we can mod game  ?
76561198036883768,Not Recommended,271590,32650996,Posted: 22 June,all,Specific,Mods made game worthwhile
,Not Recommended,271590,32632124,Posted: 21 June,all,18thwarrior,in my opinion i think we should be able to do what we want with the game and rockstar should take a step back after all we did buy the product did we not. now they are milking us dry next thing ya know they be milking the cowsThey be farmers
,Not Recommended,271590,32735092,Posted: 24 June,all,Dяaw,".....and banned for the 3rd time - F*ck u Rockstar!It´s a pretty good game, which banns players that did nothing wrong, that´s awesome!I will NOT spend money on this f*cking game anymore!...okay, maybe when OpenIV is allowed again...but this will not happen.Bye GTA V, bye RockstarPS: Make cheaper DLCs and allow OpenIV again, maybe this will help u to get some players back."
,Not Recommended,271590,24119087,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Giant Spider in the 3rd Act,"There has been an error joining a session.Okay... If I could make this a ""thumb sideways"" review I would. The single-player game is great. It's a big open world, the plot is fairly engaging, funny in places. Some fiddly, annoying mechanics like the swimming and flying, but on whole it's worthwhile.Multiplayer is just a complete mess. Frequent disconnects and inability to join a session. Actually get in, and mostly it's just kids killing people for no reason. Maybe because there's not much else to do. This could be the ultimate modern-setting MMO, yet it seems like a casual afterthought, even though they keep adding poorly conceived new game modes to it."
76561198153218230,Not Recommended,271590,32586380,Posted: 20 June,all,Adolf Kittler,"Everyone's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game because of the modding situationdeservedly so, and I'm over here just thinking the game was always♥♥♥♥♥♥:/"
,Not Recommended,271590,33471388,Posted: 11 July,all,Deado,"Half my playtime is loading screens, waiting for people to join a lobby and then leaving and cutscenes."
76561198128260735,Not Recommended,271590,32786454,Posted: 25 June,all,luxy,This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥es like to steal your non-modded money without any reason. #FML
,Not Recommended,271590,32657535,Posted: 22 June,all,Shhhhhhhh nuub,good single player.trash online and greedy developer
,Not Recommended,271590,32571504,Posted: 19 June,all,Astro,"They took the Mod down, and its a Cash grab dont buy this game !"
,Not Recommended,271590,15677856,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Megumin,"My main reasons for not reccommending this game are these.1. Loading times and how often you load in multiplayer is just ridiculous, I spend FAR too much time staring at clouds.2. Matchmaking is very poor. In all my playtimeI have never gotten or joined a full lobby of players for any game mode.3. FOV slider is 50-75 in first person mode, this is disgraceful - but what's worse is if you mod the game to improve it you will be banned, some are reporting being banned even if they only use mods in singleplayer.4. I run a R9 290X and i5 4670k with 32GB of ram, maybe it is on my end, maybe, but I've had my framerate on HIGH settings drop to 5-20fps when driving vehicles."
,Not Recommended,271590,15677029,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,boye,#LEGALIZEMODS
,Not Recommended,271590,32593950,Posted: 20 June,all,AAAGH,Wow great game
,Not Recommended,271590,34408345,Posted: 21 August,all,Not Red Knight,"This game is retard.YES THIS GAME IS RETARD. Everything is WAY over priced, and the payouts from jobs, heists, and even the shark cards are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would of rather spent the money at wawa getting lottery tickets since i know i have a way better chance of winning the lottery rather than having fun on gta v"
,Not Recommended,271590,32706330,Posted: 23 June,all,Spoon3r #TVS,"I've had lots of fun with this game. With mods and without. This is a very good game and worth of it's price. However, i cannot give this game a positive score because of the developer's and shareholders business practises."
,Not Recommended,271590,28800628,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Poppy,"Banned for no reason.UPDATE; UNBANNED EDITION!: I'm no longer suspended! After a long month of wanting to drive some cars and shoot up a bunch of innocent people, i find my online character, who i've been working on for about two years now, is gone. Completely gone.For.No.Reason.I've seen better anti-cheat in Payday 2, for ♥♥♥♥s sake."
,Recommended,271590,23161849,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Jeff LIVE ON TWITCH,"Its GTA. But on an all new level. Im loving it. The textures are eye melting, i run it full throttle and im loving my life in Los Santos. The only problem is with GTA online, and, guess what, cheaters, cheats, and more cheaters. Oh well, life aint perfect. Buy this. Have fun.9/10"
,Recommended,271590,19530620,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Yawnstar,"Rockstar has also gone above and beyond to alleviate frustration in GTA V, with you now able to save anywhere at anytime and preserve your progress, while mission checkpoints are evenly paced and always fair. Playing Grand Theft Auto V is never anything but pure gaming nirvana, whether you're playing through the 69 mission story, mingling with Strangers and Freaks, engaging in Hobbies and Pastimes or just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around in its enormously vast sandbox. There are fewer limits imposed on what you can do, with you now able to carry each and every weapon at once, making for some of the most glorious GTA rampages ever. There are also proper rampage missions, if you'd prefer to focus your vengeful wrath on deserving targets.Customisation options are also plentiful in GTA V, meaning you can pimp out your weapons with scopes, suppressors and skins, and pimp out your rides with spoilers, skirts, turbo injected engines and so on. The world really is your oyster. If you can think of it, you can probably do it in GTA V. Wanna spend time walking Franklin's dog Chop? It's possible. Just want to go on a killing spree? Go for it. Fancy scouring the ocean sea in a yellow sub? Do it. Base jumping? Yes. Strip clubs? Yup. Jetski racing? Definetly. The list goes on and on. The game is literally what you make of it and Rockstar has almost every corner covered with content to keep the player entertained no matter what you want to do.Read the full review here:http://designbombs.co.uk/gta-v-review/"
,Not Recommended,271590,15655330,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Divitus Pugl,"If u have moderan laptop and see u have better laptop then minimum request is just a little better like u have 2.5GHz minimum its 2.4GHz then dont buy it. I buy it I play on normal(lowest) 800x600 and all that stuff, ye laptop wont heating so much if u wont play longer then 1h but it will lag spike like a♥♥♥♥♥♥I buy the game with i5-4200M 2.5Ghz procesor AMD randeom 8750M graphic and 8gb ram,64x bit and lag spikes at normal I have 2gb grahpic stuff... its only 947mb in use but still laging D:"
76561197974880689,Not Recommended,271590,32665734,Posted: 22 June,all,StrykerDK,So many hackers in the online part !. And it seems like Rockstars do not care about it. !.
,Not Recommended,271590,15687519,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Lord Taco the Great,Friends got banned for a singleplayer mod.-0/10
76561198038866295,Not Recommended,271590,23414032,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Brulis [Qc],"Update: Still lots of hackers...Hack, Hack, Hack, Hack and ''Mods''...This is GTA at its best...,Im a huge fan of GTA, I played a lots with this one, so many hours online and, after a year later, game is still sh** because of those hacker (Allias modders).Asked a couple of time and saw many people asking the same question again and again... and still, hackers own this game with the amazing staff at Rockstar not doing sh** with this. Can't recommand it, unless you wanna play solo only."
,Not Recommended,271590,32662541,Posted: 22 June,all,VS_V1PER,Yeah you ruined you're fanbase. You are Red Dead to me.
76561198082317009,Not Recommended,271590,23399067,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,(AHU)GreedyGerman,hackers everywhere
,Not Recommended,271590,15679325,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,trapper of the century,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ3V4vreGUU
,Recommended,271590,15342081,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,SE2Dev,This version of the game serves as a glorious testament to the incredible power of the PC Master Race.
,Recommended,271590,15462211,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,InsaneMatt,"""Mine 'aint nothin' special, but it gets the job done"" - TrevorWhere to begin?Let's start out with the ""hype"" around this game. While no game can truely live up to it all, this game certainly comes close. The Single Player--sorry, 'Story Mode'--is what you'd expect from a GTA game these days; long, fun and somewhat captivating. There's some silly moments in it (not quite San Andreas level, but pretty close) that keeps the more boring bits interesting and some great chase scenes.While I haven't even came close to completing the game at the time of this 'review', I still feel the game was worth the £39.99 I payed.Now, GTA Online; Oh boy...It's hard to explain, or even define, but there's something about Online that makes it addictive. Much like your Skyrims, you're constantly wanting to get better stuff. Be that cars, boats, helicopters, jets, weapons or clothes, you're always after something new.Yes, there are ""lobbies"" with much higher level players in there ""destroying"" us newer players, but they're not that frequent. Even when in one, you'll have some enjoyment getting your revenge (or go into ""Passive Mode"").While I brought the game for the 'Story Mode', I'm finding myself focusing more on the Online play.There's some issues with lobbies randomly being ""emptied"" (in short, you are moved into your own empty lobby due to the Rockstar Servers claiming your rig or connection can't handle the current lobby), but you can still join ""Jobs"" with others no problem.In short, I'd highly recommend this game to pretty much anyone.It's great fun, has humour and is excellent value for money."
,Recommended,271590,15499382,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,wasd,"I can’t stress just how much fun it is to experience Grand Theft Auto V again from a new perspective. The impact it has on the series is huge, but is somewhat muted from it debuting in a re-release and not a new entry in the series. I went into this review expecting to play the same game again, and I did, but Rockstar made it feel new."
,Not Recommended,271590,32501028,Posted: 17 June,all,PinkPowerRanger,kkkk
,Recommended,271590,15732947,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Sapphire,"Ignore all the idiots complaining about mods, Rockstar said themselves that singleplayer mods are fine.Most people who got banned were modifying their FoV among other things, which is still an unfair advantage in the online mode. (Being able to see more at either side is an advantage, for any of you 'slow' in the head people trying to defend it)Anyways, onto the main review;I'd never played any of the console versions of GTA V, so I've come along as a fresh newbie.So far, I've been completely wow'd by the whole experience. The city feels so alive with the pure density of NPCs and some of the views are absolutely breath taking.The story is, in comparison to GTA IV, about just as gritty. It's however dampened by the amount of humor piled in, with a lot of help from the amazing acting work. I'm not quite sure how long I've spent on the story mode alone, but rest assured, there's a lot of content to ensure you're playing it for a good while.Online mode is simply amazing. Granted some people on there seem to be blind to the fact that this isn't GTA IV Freeroam; There's so much more to do, cooperative missions and activities alike are very abundant. When you're tired of shooting things up, stop and play tennis with a friend, or arm wrestle some random dude who's way stronger than you for a laugh. Heck, go skydiving with your buddies and take in the amazing views as the Sun begins to set.This game has far exceeded my expectations, especially in comparison to GTA IV."
,Recommended,271590,15386895,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,nziety,"60 fps or higher does a brutal difference, now it has exclusive pc content such as Rockstar Editor and a great community overlay.You can also notice a HUGE difference between ps4 or xbox one on graphics, rockstar did a great job. If you're thinking about owning this game, you should do it right now!As our friend, Gaben, would say;- Worth the wait.Good job Rockstar, I'm 100% amused.Filthy ♥♥♥♥♥, aka carlos"
,Not Recommended,271590,30629832,Posted: 19 March,all,night kid,"dis game wont let me put truck nutz on my truckz,, unbelievable"
,Recommended,271590,23944043,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alcatéia,"I love this game. Let me point out the cons and pros so you can understand whyCons♥♥♥♥♥♥♥load times.-Hackers, hackers everywhere.-Teleporting cars.-Players become statues outside my car doors.-Failed to join three sessions in a row.-Lost my level 169 character due to technical issues.-Receives sh!t payment during heists.Pros-Fun to play with friends."
76561197973744817,Not Recommended,271590,15356335,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,genechtagazoink,"The greatest flop on my memory. 4 years in making, 2 years porting, several delays - and voila! Game executable omitted from the installation. Rockstar, you rock indeed."
76561197972135368,Not Recommended,271590,15389873,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Mr. Bulldops,"~Mixed Review~ (So has to get a thumbs down)-The Good-1. Game looks good2. The TPS elements aren't bad3. Has the general GTA feel.-The Bad-1. Driving is often sloppy due to ""character ""skillz."""" - Pretty huge component of a GTA game could have just left this stat out altogether. Car handling would have been ample enough.2. Characters fit typified stereotypes.-The Ugly-(Everything below, I would consider PRETTY ♥♥♥♥ING BASIC DESIGN ELEMENTS FOR GAMES)1. No Defaults for user preference settings (e.g. Racing - NO RADIO STATION) - it doesn't even care to remember your previous settings.2. Automatically defaults you into populated lobbies after a job. If I wanted to be in a populated server I WOULD HAVE SELECTED IT FROM THE START!3. Single Player: Required DRM (Is this still working out for anyone? Apart from steam.)4. Friendlist is less than intuitive. While I get they want you to manage things with your phone. It would make sense to have those options that don't tie directly to YOUR CHARACTER but your account in the game over menu. (Your element is in the wrong spot!) A good compromise would to have it in both locations. How’s about integrating it with already existing systems, I dunno like friends on steam. >.>5. Pay2Win... How about Um... NO?6. Grind RANK along with cash… hurray.Other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-PC Launch, Online problems… you do pre-sales for a reason. Yes to pad your wallet with fat stacks of paper. However, it is also a good way for you to “gauge” launch day server load…"
76561198007811280,Not Recommended,271590,32566227,Posted: 19 June,all,Austrian Kate Moss,just no
,Not Recommended,271590,29982927,Posted: 17 February,all,Lithium.7p,"Rubbish Game,Ban Players for no reasons"
,Recommended,271590,15449375,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,UnderMeister,Grand Theft Auto V. What else should I say?
,Not Recommended,271590,32808925,Posted: 26 June,all,Dingo le Dingue,>more than 200 hours of legit gameplay>script kiddies comes in and drop money on everyone head>report the cheater>inform rockstar about the money i got from him and ask how to remove it>get banned
,Not Recommended,271590,32444748,Posted: 15 June,all,Triang3l,"I guess their lawyers have never heard about Counter-Strike, Dota or Team Fortress."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434557,Posted: 15 June,all,BettyTheWhis🌎,Do not buy if you want to mod or do anything creative in a ♥♥♥♥ing sandbox game. Time and time again Take 2 has shown that they want you to only play there version of the sandbox as long as you also pay more $$$ to get anything in it. Want to play a private server? NOPE C&D. Want to mod something into the game NOPE C&D. ♥♥♥♥ you Take 2 I will never purchase any game that you make again.
76561198038465824,Not Recommended,271590,32426390,Posted: 14 June,all,RagingHadron,Take-Two is trying to make mods illegal. ♥♥♥♥ them.
,Not Recommended,271590,32588140,Posted: 20 June,all,Dawny,"Well I might as well join the bandwagon. I have the game on both pc and console. I mostly play it on console so I have a lot more hours then my record shows. I have been noticing a decline in how much fun this game is for a while. Every DLC has made the game a bit more annoying for the average player. The problem is someone buys all the new op stuff with a shark card and then runs around and trolls everyone. This wasn't a big deal in the early game because all players had basically equal footing. But now let's say a new player joins; how are they going to defeat an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in an apc driving in circles around them and blowing them up every time they respawn?All I do in this game these days is just fly around in planes. I don't even do missions anymore or races because people don't want to anymore. It's just buy money through microtransactions. Because it's much simpler.The game also admittedly has a huge problem with online hackers. But instead of doing anything real about it the publisher used this as a chance to try and make more money. The essentially blanket banned mods on pc largely hitting the single player base. They made this action trying to say it had to do with getting rid of hackers. However the real reason they did this was to effect their bottom line. Force people not to use their single player mods so the only way they can get new stuff is through online dlc.Unfortunately recent events have been the straw that broke the camels back for me.... That is if this was straw. It's more like a 50 pound weight dropped from a couple feet above a dehydrated, slowly dying camel."
,Not Recommended,271590,32629510,Posted: 21 June,all,gamer4thebest,Take two interactive have done only but harm to this game. do not buy it!!!!
76561198201589237,Not Recommended,271590,32672254,Posted: 23 June,all,ABOP,I can't even play multiplayer for some reason so now this game is useless without mods.
76561198043303424,Not Recommended,271590,32650298,Posted: 22 June,all,Yorm,"Don't get me wrong, the base game was good, despite zero replayability and a plot that doesn't even try to make sense.However, one cannot in good conscience support what happenned next:1. Plenty of free DLC content, with replayability, fun toys and a few nice quality of life improvements. Except all of it is multiplayer only.2. Players in multiplayer are actively incentivized to prevent other players from making money.3. There are tons of hackers in every other multiplayer lobby, often making it unplayable (and potentially exposing other players to the very strict ban policy).4. You know how FTP games are generally a lot more expensive than normal games? Yeah, prime example. The most recent upgrade, Gunrunning, would cost you around 400$ or 320 hours of making in-game money (or around 200 hours of pure no-fun farming). That's avoiding #2 and #3 above and assuming you ain't big on cosmetic upgrades. Oh, and if all you want is just one fancy toy from the update, you can't buy it on its own: its useless without a certain (costly) upgrade, which is unlocked through random (costly) research, and then you need a bunker (costly) to do research, and then you need a special new workshop (costly) to install the said upgrade, and then this workshop can only be deployed inside a new truck (costly)... You see where I'm going by now.5. How do the new updates to the game greet you? Right, with a black loading screen with a huge notice about what they'll do to you if you try to cheat. Yep, gaming mood going, going, gone...6. Take Two and Rockstar pretty much spit into the customers faces by issuing a cease and desist vs Open IV - modding tool that allowed the community to at least try to address #1 above; they essentially banned modding for single-player.All things considered, here's hoping to The Elder Scrolls: Vice City."
,Not Recommended,271590,32605713,Posted: 20 June,all,Irish Cowboy,"Take Two basically just destroyed the GTA franchise with one single action, because piracy is such a threat to a game that has earned over $2 billion they ban modding."
,Not Recommended,271590,32616296,Posted: 21 June,all,Ninja0Potato,"RIP Open IV, ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two"
,Not Recommended,271590,32420242,Posted: 14 June,all,Rest,"Great Game, bought it so I could play with mods and LSPDFR. Too bad you can't do that anymore!"
,Not Recommended,271590,28505902,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hemad the Barbarian,Happy Holidays from Rockstar Games! Enjoy your ban.
76561198077779977,Not Recommended,271590,32436148,Posted: 15 June,all,Xenaphage,"What the hell is the big idea with getting rid of modding???Most people bought this game to mod it on pc, because the pc version is absolute garbage compared to console.Either stop messing around, or accept the consequences of your stupid decisions."
,Not Recommended,271590,32451766,Posted: 15 June,all,BevansDesign,"I used to recommend this game, but now that they're threatening modders with legal action, all I can say is please don't give this company your money anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,32442169,Posted: 15 June,all,faiencetegeltje,The game was so well optimized at launch it was a benchmark for other PC releases. But over the time it got worse and worse. Eventually it even got a memory leak. This hasen't been adressed ever. The memory leak has been there for two years now and I don't think it will ever get fixed.Especially now when we see such a hostile approach to modding. We can't even trun to the community to improve the game wich they have forsake in order to chase GTA:online.
,Not Recommended,271590,32438742,Posted: 15 June,all,Wom,Modding is the only thing keeping this game alive with such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online and Take-Two wants to kill it. ♥♥♥♥ Take-Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32442165,Posted: 15 June,all,Pickle Rick,"I love this game, Ive played the 360 version when t came out and loved it but wished it came to PC. When it did I was estatic! I can finally mod this game goof around and have even more fun. But take 2 interactive have killed that for everyone because they want to push micro transactions on you. They are acting like modding is illegal and are now attacing open 4 aka the mod that makes almost every mod  work. Screw you take 2 have fun with the angry mob you have now created."
,Not Recommended,271590,32457112,Posted: 15 June,all,Dark the Great,Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t going after mods and making them illegal.
,Not Recommended,271590,32450006,Posted: 15 June,all,Stevu,"Modding is illegal now, according to Take-Two Interactive. I must be a criminal then, because I've been a modder for years."
76561198016038913,Not Recommended,271590,17536012,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,^1DirkDiggler,"This game is plagued by a horrible community, poor mechanics, poor interface, and the matchmaking system is so ridiculous you'll spend more time loading and waiting for a game online than you will actually playing this game. Because of this, the game is reduced to simple pvp action(with little to no gain), or going it solo in private rooms. Rockstar should be sued for damages so that no other company puts out this kind of garbage again.Don't make a game ridiculously hard to play. Design your game to be player freindly. Sixty bucks for this piece of contrived doo-doo is a joke- I hate i paid that kind of money for this, but at least i'll never buy another one of their games.Can't get anyone for Heists. Can't reliably play without a massive amount of bull just to accomplish anything worthwhile. Game is designed to sell cards by keeping player from making any real money in game. It's all business model with very little to offer on the consumer end. You'll never get your money's worth out of this game- it was designed from the start to be a horrible time sink with little reward and someone should be castrated for that.after 202 hours of trying to like this game it has become painfully obvious that Rockstar has no intention of addressing anything outside profit margin - Don't reward them with a purchase."
76561198061568008,Not Recommended,271590,32432808,Posted: 15 June,all,HoSkaR,Take 2 is a shady bunch o♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so... ♥♥♥♥ em
,Not Recommended,271590,29969455,Posted: 16 February,all,ERIDIAN,BAN for EVERYONE!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32804158,Posted: 26 June,all,Neil Patrick,Same old GTA... still money grabbers.
,Not Recommended,271590,32491125,Posted: 16 June,all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"because, why not lol"
,Not Recommended,271590,16499217,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JaketheOreo,"There are so many reasons to dislike this game: Whether it be the unreliable servers/matchmaking, the abundance of griefers, hackers, & trolls, or Rockstar's own suspicious business practices. ""In a world where hackers rule the online gameplay, where the creators want you to spend 100% of the game's value in fake money, and profiles get banned when a hacker (unbenownst to you) ♥♥♥♥s with your account (or you mod the singleplayer); You have to ask yourself: What was Rockstar thinking!?""Well, if I had to guess, it's very similar to their ""Sale"" mentality, which is: CRAZY (Crazy bad, not crazy good, bt-dubs... or the actions of a money grubbing ♥♥♥♥♥). Have you ever heard of a sale on Steam where the game stays the same price, or goes up in price (OH, WAIT, forgot.. you do get a shark card! OH, WAIT, forgot... shark cards are useless to any actual gamer!). I have an idea, how about releasing the game for the actual 25% off, and letting those dumb enough to pay the extra 25% get the stupid shark card? Or, is that too much of a deal for Rockstar?: Of course it is...If I had to sum up this review I would say: Avoid GTA 5, right now. Not because the game as a whole sucks, but because Rockstar has some SERIOUS work cut out for them before the online play becomes anything but trolls and hackers. Although, if you're in it for the singleplayer, then you'll have a blast (that is, until you try to mod your game, then you could lose your copy). If your not much of a modder, then you'll be right at home, but do realize that the new EULA put out by Rockstar has pretty much forbidden any third-party modifications to the game, threatening temporary to permanent bans from online (Disappointing, when I think back on how much fun GTA IV mods were). But, if all of that doesn't bother you, if you still have a good amount of faith in Rockstar, I cannot deny that it's a game with great potential (that potential is just being directed towards shoddy business practices, atm)."
,Not Recommended,271590,32458232,Posted: 15 June,all,ThatGuyWhoLikesTrains,"Take-Two has killed off a majority of the modding scene. This is outrageous for those who play single player.If you are seriously considering buying the game, please don't, and watch these two vids:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYApM6kWzqohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gKlBIPR_ok"
76561198052461289,Not Recommended,271590,32447499,Posted: 15 June,all,CounterfitCookie,"If OpenIV goes then so does my support.EDIT:They have since decided to allow OpenIV to continue but the damage is done. Should handle their community that usually loves them better, and multiplayer is a wash."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447501,Posted: 15 June,all,Lami ☃,"Take Two/Rockstar killed the main modding platform for this game, we cannot let this stand. DO NOT buy this game or you are supporting extremely evil corporate practices. I am boycotting any taketwo/rockstar game that I don't already own and I suggest you do the same. DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR MONEY!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32453011,Posted: 15 June,all,SonicUnleashedXY,"Take-Two Interactive seems to have a different stance when it comes to the modding communities which has supported their previous Grand Theft Auto titles for years. The modding communities are the very reason why I brought this game, to improve my offline experience while providing a new & fresh content. Removing a program used by modders doesn't solve your online cheaters but I believe there is an ulterior motive."
76561197987887592,Not Recommended,271590,32446217,Posted: 15 June,all,Ziggy,Sorry you ruined your game by destroying modding. Go **** yourself you greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32450112,Posted: 15 June,all,Smathy,"While I did enjoy the heck out of this game in the begining, I can't reccomend it after what Take Two has done with its success. Microtransactions alone have made them $700Million this year alone and I cannot condone this practice. I have purchased this game 3 different times when it was released for 360 for xbox one and for PC and have put in a significant ammount of time in at least the first two.  With Take Two cracking down on Mods which were the lifeblood of GTA 4 and were really catching on in 5, puts the game on my♥♥♥♥♥♥list. Don't cultivate a positive stance on  mods through rockstar and then make a snap decision to hurt somthing that was only helping your game and community.  Take Two Interactive has made a terrible decision that to me seems to be with little attention to the future. I hope that you learn a lesson from all of the mess you have stirred up from this. To be honest I doubt you will.TL;DR: Great game. Scumbag Company."
,Not Recommended,271590,32960753,Posted: 28 June,all,Ninny mint,You don't ever ♥♥♥♥ with the PC gaming crowd.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437894,Posted: 15 June,all,IamRadWayne,Removing mods and adding more microtransactions to try and milk more cash out of a four year old game is pretty dumb.
,Not Recommended,271590,32455188,Posted: 15 June,all,Moood +,Illegal to mod.nuff said.ᵐʸ ᵃᶰᵈ ᵐʸ ¹⁰⁰ ᶠᵃᶫᶫᵒᵘᵗ ᵐᵒᵈˢ ᶫᵃᵘᵍʰ
76561198044131102,Not Recommended,271590,32629550,Posted: 21 June,all,Oddy Knocky,"Grand Theft Auto was once a game where the possibilities were endless. If you wanted to become Iron Man and kill everything in sight, why not. If you wanted to play as an LAPD police officer and be on the other side of the law, sure thing. Hell, even if you wanted to start an online roleplaying system you could as well, but now all of this has changed. I'm leaving this negative review until the stance on modding on GTA V has been changed by Rockstar, until then I would not recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32583105,Posted: 19 June,all,FoxieIV,wow rockstar wow#ruined
76561198061974601,Not Recommended,271590,32452217,Posted: 15 June,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"I spent countless hours modding GTA 1 and 2, yep .. talking about year '97 here.That gave me and my friends lots of fun and meanwhile I've learned few things about programming, physics and drawing cars skins.Take Two Interactive and Rockstar Games: the modding community made your games great.Now enjoy the community while it burns in flames your reputation."
,Not Recommended,271590,32479292,Posted: 16 June,all,G'ile,"1. With the new update out, players are now able to get their hands on a man portable death star 50 cal. explosive sniper rifle that can see through about 10ft of solid objects with a thermal scope (tested), essentially giving players the ability to wall hack and one-shot anything up to a hydra fighter jet with amazing hit scan bullets. This will cost you millions of dollars in game (and potentially a fair ammount of irl money cause aaayyyy shark cards) unless you are willing to sift through a♥♥♥♥♥♥filled slot machine of randomized unlocks and upgrades that you have no control over which can take hours to unlock.2. Gun running manufacturing job itself takes more than 7 hours to completely fill up the bunker with goods, and pays a maximum of just over 1 mil if you decided to grind your supplies instead of flat out buying it. This and the biker business basically function like a mobile app telling you to buy some sort of premium currency or wait for hours.3. Gun running also added a muscle car mounted with a player controled dual minigun turret, missiles, and a mortar launcher. This car costs more than 2.5 million dollars flat out, and the weapon unlocks again require you to sift throug that awesome RNG unlock♥♥♥♥♥♥fest. The car is hilariously overpowered when driving around in a heavily populated public game, so if you are minding your own and see one within 2km driving remotely in your direction, you may as well just give it a hug and embrace death.4. Game has become a flat-out grind fest unless you pay up your hard earned money for some shark cards, which give you such a low ammount of money in comparison to the hyper inflated cost of cars, houses, etc.5. Hackers / scripters in nearly every public lobby you join. If there is a ban wave, expect to see them return in a few days.6. Upon the launch of gun running, R* decided to combat the rampant issue of people having money dropped on them by leveling out peoples bank acounts in comparison to their spending. This ended up with completely random results of some players having their entire banks with legit money reduced to nothing but thin air, players with hundreads of milions of dollars in cash having  only about 5-10 mil taken away which hardly puts a dent in anything, and some people actually having their account leveled out.If you are one of the players who had their entire banks wiped out for no good reason, I am truly sorry.7.♥♥♥♥♥♥poor communication between the devs and the community to the point where it seems like the devs don't even care about players at all.8. Take 2 Interactive then essentially stated that modding the game is illegal by sending a takedown notice to the OpenIV devs lest they be taken to court and potentially sued for ""violating developer rights""TL;DR Single player is pretty good. Online is pure distilled♥♥♥♥♥water. Take 2 Interactive and R* don't give a single♥♥♥♥♥♥about it and also really want your money."
76561198028025874,Not Recommended,271590,32591483,Posted: 20 June,all,Drahx 'Firetongue' Neox,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄Rockstar░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Take Two░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198119799221,Not Recommended,271590,29796759,Posted: 8 February,all,Kelstonz_Fynest,FIGHTING IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥AFTER ALL THE GAMES LIKERDRTHE WARRIORSLA NOIREYOU WOULD THINK THEY WOULD HAVE SOMETHING BETTER FOR GTA V AFTER ALL OF THOSE GAMES HAD GOOD FIGHTING MECHANICSBUT ♥♥♥♥ NO THESEDUMBFUQQINGCUNNTZ ARE JUSTFUQINGSHIITHEADS
76561198040541792,Not Recommended,271590,29762932,Posted: 7 February,all,Shimunna,"Do not buy the game if you want to play online.Explanation: started playing in 2013. Right now i own 3 accounts. All high level and stuff. Bought lotta shark cards because i was grateful that they were giving so much content for free. In dec 2016, the last account i bought a few months ago, got banned for a month. I never used mods or hacks, don't even play in public server much, so the chance of taking money from hackers is out of the question. So i. thought i used razor cortex overlay, maybe that software is detected as a hacking software. After a month ban was lifted. Played for 5 days and boom! Banned permanently! I was like wtf? Got really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tried to asked support for the reason i was banned but no matter how much you want to ask about bans, you will get a automated reply every time saying, you can not appeal for bans, they are permanent. They don't care about your story, mods or no mods. Feeling depressed, started playing from the first account i had since 2013, wishfully thinking, the last account was bugged, this account will never get banned. Guess what? Boom! Banned again! I felt like someone hit my head with a baseball bat! Owned that account for 4 years, over 1000 hours of gameplay AND multiple shark cards... all gone! Just like that. I have another account but I'm not gonna dare touch that account until they fix their flawed banning system.So conclusion, if you wanna play the normal game, go for it, buy it, you won't regret it. But online... don't even think about it!"
76561198028649714,Not Recommended,271590,26279876,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kaffesugen,"Do NOT buy anything from their store, especially shark cards.I purchased a megalodon shark cash card, the most expensive one they have for sale.I waited 24 hours before submitting a ticket about it, as you should do.I was then told that they could see that my shark card had gone through and I should wait additional 24 hours.Rather annoyed at that point but hey, Atleast I knew the money was on the way right? So I waited an additional 24 hours.Didn't see any money. I then went ahead and wrote them back in the ticket. Didnt get an answer.At this point I had waited well over 50 hours. I went ahead and wrote to them on twitter, they said they would look into it.Betting it was a bot autoresponse crap. I went ahead and made another ticket, seeing as my first one was being ignored.I wake up to see that some jackass says that I had purchased two shark cards that hadn't gone through. I'm like ""WTF?""...I was fuming at this point, really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. So I wrote back to them, got an answer that I should contact steam regarding my purchase as it ""has not gone through"". I have contaced steam regarding this and waiting for a response. Just saying that im over 60 hours into this waiting game.The first reponse I got was filled to the brim with spelling errors and sentences that didn't make any sense whatsoever.That was quickly replaced by another response.If you want more money in GTA V Online, DO NOT buy shark cards. You will not be getting your money back and you wont see any in-game currency. Rockstar Support is completely garbage and will not help you unless they can with an automated response."
,Not Recommended,271590,34539360,Posted: 27 August,all,Face McShooty,i logged in today to find out that rockstar took my measly 3 million i earned from grinding gunrunning missions.... thanks rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,34510073,Posted: 26 August,all,Mister True,"♥♥♥♥ this game.I spent more than a week farming money to get ready for the next DLC, and out of nowhere I receive a message saying that they removed 6,5 million GTA$ and nothing else. After that, I went to social club website, and read they were removing ""cheater money"" from the game.So, I farm like a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot in order to ready myself to the next stupid♥♥♥♥♥DLC that costs a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money, and they just remove my money?♥♥♥♥ this game and this company. If you're idiot, like to get banned for doing nothing wrong, and like to waste time, definitely buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,34530236,Posted: 27 August,all,Tastenklopper,Well it is time for a new dlc so rockstar delets all my money ( ~ 1.2 mil ) cause gettting this amount of money by plying the pacifik heist 2 times is  only possible with cheats but people with 50000000000000 dollar are legit people. i am done with this game.
76561198101625122,Not Recommended,271590,28618116,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Supreme Leadwer,Would be a good game but I was banned for no reason. I wasted my money on a game i played for 19 hours to just get banned. Rockstar better get good support because it's a shame that a ban caused me to not reccommend this solid game.
,Not Recommended,271590,34442083,Posted: 23 August,all,Darayavaush Kambujiya,"Don't.TLDR : Cheaters, lot of technical problems, too much explosions, not enough challenge, money sucker.Unless you want to play the solo game (with three uncharismatic characters but that's an other story) don't buy this. People are cheating everywhere in multiplayer and to counter that, Rockstar just made the prices of every product highly expensive.The result is that only cheaters are able to pay for what they want, or rich people. Even grinding is not enough. (just check my playtime...)More and more products become more and more agressive and highly destructive. Multiplayer is a warzone, no more thug wars or bandits trying to struggle. Instead, we have generals fighting with tanks, Anti Aircraft missiles and so forth. You just can't play the game anymore.When it is possible to be connected, because there are a lot of connections problems. So even when you grind, you are disconnected and you cannot win the money you worked for.The only good point I still see in this game is that if you play only with friends (and if you manage to stay connected together...) or alone, you can just stay and stare at the perfect view, talking about stuf. But it is not worth the money you will put in it, and the infinite numbers of notifications reminding you that you have to grind or to pay to continue to play the game makes it impossible to chill out with friends too much. You always have a call from a fake guy, a sms or a mail, or even a ""help advice"" (sic) to polute your afternoon fun. And there is no way to remove them.At the end, I would say that this review could feel extreme or that I am biaised but I suggest you check on google for the flaws I showed.I played this game with 3 different computers, 2 different modems, I had my own team and everytime, and for everyone technical problem occures.Anyone saying otherwise is a fanboy.Rockstar has a lot of money with this game. It could be a good thing because it could mean better technical services and better servers, and better technology.I have nothing against videogame corporations making money.  But this corporation is making money without never investing it in something that will make this game better.Only in more and more spectacular vehicules it becomes and more and more ridiculous.And when cheating becomes a problem, instead of working their *** to do something about that, they waveban people without filtering.Lazy job, lazy corpo, good devs but bad publishers.AVOID."
76561198117767395,Not Recommended,271590,34583585,Posted: 29 August,all,Botanica [RSA],"This is the take of someone who got screwed over big time and is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, so be aware.So first of, the game has main 2 components, the story mode and online. As fun as the story mode is, I believe that unless you are a die hard fan, it is unlikely that you would replay the entire story. As such, I see the online as the main component as there is new content every so often and also you can continuously gain more from playing.So is it worth the price? Gamplay wise it is good, loads of content and having local friends play along will make it fun.However, if you are as unfortunate as some of us living in africa, online can such. There are no local servers meaning you have to connect to South America. The more people in a session the harder it becomes to do simple things like driving. One of the major downsides to this game is the amount of grinding one needs to do for money, especially if you are the collector type wanting all the nice cars and buildings etc. Buying shark cards for in game money, again if you are a poor fool it ain't worth it.So getting to the main reason I am writing this is because of the support from the Rockstar side. I want it to be noted that I informed them I will be posting everything online and am willing to provide all the evidence. Some background first: One of the weekly bonusses that popped up was for the gunrunning business and one can get double RP (xp) and money for selling product. As such I was grinding my a$$ off, and I ain't kidding! The following week as I enter the game I get a notification that over 2million has been deducted from my account. Now, those who play the online side will know that 2mil doesn't exactly fall from trees. Immediately I submit a ticket to the support stating that my money was taken and that this was a mistake. Their response is a nice generic message of how illegitimate gains are monitored during sweeps and that they reverse these transaction. Thank you, dumb f*ck for the obvious. Now, you might think I am kidding when I say this is all they do, but am not. I will post all the proof to whoever wants. Everytime I respond saying that the person made a mistake and that they must look into it and prove that the amount was illegitimately gained and everytime they send me these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ messages of how the sweeping works. This has been going on for almost a week now. To this day, NOT ONCE HAVE THEY SAID THEY WILL LOOK INTO IT, NOT ONCE HAVE THEY PROVIDED ANY PROOF IT WAS WRONGLY GAINED, NOT ONCE DID THEY DO ANYTHING OTHER THAN SEND ME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T GENERIC MESSAGES. I told them I will make all this publically available and will continue till I am refunded. They closed the ticket, so here I am.Model of the long story, the support is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and at any point can they take your♥♥♥♥♥♥without reason or proof and you have to suck it up. DO NOT BUY THIS!"
76561198281957685,Not Recommended,271590,32425235,Posted: 14 June,all,russeler97,No mods= not worth it.
76561198135735477,Not Recommended,271590,32425221,Posted: 14 June,all,mcsnack10,Burn in hell u greedy f😈😈ks
,Not Recommended,271590,32425223,Posted: 14 June,all,12 btw haHAA,give us mods back ya greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32425226,Posted: 14 June,all,Tank1092,"Here, have a negative review. You've earned it."
76561198122942585,Not Recommended,271590,27973323,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Weekly,"So its annoying getting game on deal play 2 days and get ban for month so I ask why I got ban cus I had the same problem with bf4 and that turned out battle eye was out of date but rockstar said""Your account is temporarily suspended from GTA Online. Your Suspension expiration date is shown on the splash screen after being returned to Story Mode following an attempt to play online. In addition to being suspended, all GTA Online characters, progress and inventory on {PLATFORM} will be reset. Any funds purchased via Shark Cards has been preserved and is still available on your account.The next infraction on your account will result in a permanent ban from GTA Online.GTA Online bans are triggered by a number of factors, including modding in GTA Online, exploiting or abusing game mechanics, manipulating protected game data and code, or otherwise interfering with other players, gameplay experience.All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed. For more information on the GTA Online Suspension and Ban Policy please seehttps://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/articles/229514247.Best regards,Ruth K.""I ask what I did and how to keep from getting ban when I'm able to get back on in the start of 2017I just want to know how I got a ban I admitted to taking money from someone online the first time I got on online 24 hours before the ban but why get ban for 15x the amount of time I've even been on so ya I would like an actual anwser for what Ive  done rockstar because Im asking for help to keep this from happening again not can you unban me I have never hacked as shown on my steam account with no vac bans or origins with no current bans minus the butthurt admin servers on bf4. Has anyone got this response from a bot (Ruth K.) asking why they got ban and if so did you ever get it resolved?"
,Not Recommended,271590,27378875,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝Bunnie⎠⎞,"I got banned from online for absolutely no reason. Contacting R* Support gives me an automated reply on how I broke their EULA and TOS.boom. 800 hours of GTA online down the drain.I won't buy the GTA franchise anymore till R* fixes their highly broken ""Anti-Cheat"" bullsh*t that they are so proud of."
,Not Recommended,271590,25980715,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,superbhav360,Would rather buy winrar
76561198355004930,Not Recommended,271590,30086025,Posted: 21 February,all,sandiksso,"Well, this is pretty overhelming, but Rosckstar really is not doing anything to improve thi ban system. I was normally playing heists with friends, doing Pacific missions, and BOOM! suddenly I see a mesage that my account has been banned for 1 month.Are you serious??? What I have modded? Nothing! I play normally earned cash from heists but now it all is gone and after the one month all will be back as blank as possible.** This Rockstar. Get normal stuff and programms. Use anticheat or anything possible. People who dont mod get banned!!! How it is possible?? From what??So one unexplained ban I have, all is reset BIG thanks. Really BIG thanks. People - if you buy this game for single player - its cool, but multiplayer is horrible. How legit players are treated. Awfull, start to learn some stuff R*"
,Not Recommended,271590,28676392,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Shawish,the game runs good but i player for 1 day and i got banned i would not recommend it to anybody :(
,Not Recommended,271590,26227233,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Death's Messiah,"Don't much care for being perma banned online for ""cheating"" when I never installed cheats. Tried customer service to see what the issue was only to have a robot copy and paste the same response and closing the ticket. When i finally did get a human he just copied and pasted the robots response.Terrible customer service and terrible cheat ""detection"" system. Single player story is ok at best and feels empty once completed. Sucks to have half the game removed without any stated reason.Go ahead an purchase this on a sale but be aware almost every server has a hacker, you need to grind for ages until you can play with any of the fun weapons or cars.4/10 good gameplay, too grindy and terrible customer service/cheat detection.Edit: Adding to my review that most other reviews say discord or fraps will get you bans. 3 strikes and you are out for good. Glad to finally know but dissapointed in rockstar in how they are ""handling"" the cheaters."
,Not Recommended,271590,32841281,Posted: 26 June,all,BLACKM3SA,"You still get banned if you use singleplayer mods, and unban request gets closed right away with an automatic response."
,Not Recommended,271590,26059287,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,cemcmd,I can't beleve people support this company and defend them blindly.
,Not Recommended,271590,26325949,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Schartey,"The most horrible online expierence I've ever had. I don't know how a company like Rockstar Games is not capable of at least making a decent anti-cheat software. They simply seem to not care, except for the few wipes they apparently did and actually seem to have banned a bunch of people who didn't even hack. How can a server not recognize any spawned vehicle out of nowhere.I'm really feeling bad for people who actually buy shark cards. It's just a rip-off. They probably buy the newest content like SEO companies, just to get their packages, which should be delivered, destroyed by some hackers.If u want more than the singleplayer expierence I'd recommend you playing it on console. At least people can't really cheat there. (Ridiculous that I even have to recommend a game on console instead of PC.)"
,Not Recommended,271590,28786699,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,hidden seal,"Banned for no reason. Thanks,Rockstar.04.06.17 UPD: Good game06.16.17 UPD: OpenIV canceledP.S Level boosters sux"
76561198268350286,Not Recommended,271590,26054028,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,shaunwilloughby23,I can no longer recommend this game.Modders and Hackers are running unchecked.there needs to be a more detailed system to report and ban these individuals.when they fix this ill change my reviewbecause i really love this game but modders make it simply unplayable.
,Not Recommended,271590,34496994,Posted: 25 August,all,Marksman,Grinded for 15 hours straight. Got 1.1m$ in-game cash. Logged into game on the next day to find out that R* took all of those cash away. Shark Card logic in progress.
,Not Recommended,271590,28683486,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HouseWolf,Pay 2 WinBans innocent playerDoes not ban real cheaters aslong as they buy more shark cardsRockstar played themselves
,Not Recommended,271590,29599518,Posted: 30 January,all,Franco,Don't buy it
,Not Recommended,271590,34541244,Posted: 27 August,all,Gravy Boat,"I made ~$3,000,000 by working on my coke house, crate warehouse, import/export garage, Overtime and Overtime Shootout adversary modes as well as working for my friend's coke house, meth house, import/export garage and crate warehouse. Submitted a ticket to get my legitimate money back only to get responded to a bot with a canned response and had my ticket closed."
,Not Recommended,271590,34549643,Posted: 28 August,all,Squidwave,(((Rockstar)))
16561198093630169,Not Recommended,271590,19544000,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,FzyBunnySliprs,"Nothing but hackers, don't bother purchasing any rockstar titles. Rockstar does NOTHING."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437809,Posted: 15 June,all,mivixof,"This is an amazing game, when it's modded ... ow wait, you made mods illegal on the game.Well, i'm sure the fantastic singleplayer still allows mods, becausewho cares what hapens in singleplayer ... also illegal?So you are saying that this mediocre sigleplayer game can't be modded anymore? wow.And the god awefull multiplayer with the biggest grindfest of them all is the only thing keeping it afloat? well, that is the best way to reccomend this to anyone.Don't buy this overpriced piece of microtransaction stuffed Cadaver of a once great game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32541787,Posted: 18 June,all,Fishfake,take two can go back to the stone age.
76561198058171705,Not Recommended,271590,32437817,Posted: 15 June,all,Enjoying The Exhibit?,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gKlBIPR_ok
,Not Recommended,271590,32441113,Posted: 15 June,all,Bitters,RIP OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,26374406,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ЯΞVIVΞ,So My Best Freind Got Ban PERMANENTLY For No Reason At All. We to contact R* but nth happen. The Gta:O lobby is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ tons of hackers and♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,29769826,Posted: 7 February,all,MuffinLord45 - #TeamHeavyIsOver,"First of all, good game. solid game mechanics, A LOT of cars, fun sandbox. BUT... bans. I know what your thinking ""oh its another little 10 year old who got himself banned for modding"" no, the first time i got banned, i picked up modded money by accident. the second time however, i just loaded the game played around with a new character and in the middle of a TDM, BOOM ""you have been permanentely banned from GTA online, please return to singlplayer"". FIX YOUR BAN ALGORITHIMS ROCKSTAR"
,Not Recommended,271590,29956752,Posted: 15 February,all,DanLazer,"used to be good, updates suck now, repetitive and boring, hacker galore.EDIT: I'd only reccommend playing for singleplayer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472369,Posted: 16 June,all,VolcanicWolf,"It used to be a great game but the team behind it has decided to screw over OpenIV mods, GTA online is mostly just a microtransaction hellhole. And the only reason to keep playing is because it is a skinner box."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472281,Posted: 16 June,all,ricejoker,Attacking modders and threatening legal action because of something they fight against as well is disgusting. I will buy no more take 2 games unless this is sorted.
76561197989174693,Not Recommended,271590,28363771,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MistaMM,50 euro for a single car? ♥♥♥♥ off Rockstar.
76561198115696313,Not Recommended,271590,32429991,Posted: 15 June,all,Wackymonk,This game was good when it came out... Then GTA online and it's tidalwave of micro transactions made it rubbish as a multiplayer and now Take Two cant cope with the fact that people want to mod in the single player and they shut down Open IV!
76561198098463991,Not Recommended,271590,32420527,Posted: 14 June,all,Airdog96,"this game went down hill this update i dont play gta online because i know their is alot of hackers, however i do play gta sp and now i cant even play that because take two got greedy and took away modding for it. now i cant play lspdfr or add things that look real like cars ect. thank you for getting rid of openiv and taking away my fun. if i could i would ask for my money back faster than you could say bob is my uncle. FU take two you are going to lost alot of money becuase of that and alot of customsters i hope you are proud and shame on you rockstar for letting them get away with it. do not buy this game you have been warned"
,Not Recommended,271590,32571710,Posted: 19 June,all,Atticus,Here to support OpenIV. Down with the corporation overlords...
76561198293069123,Not Recommended,271590,26275006,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,NathanEL,"Waited 6 hours to download and banned for a month after playing for 3 hours, no reasoning and no reply to my email, aslo refused to help on the phone. Very bad first expierence feel like i wasted money... was not worth the 40 dollars for 5 hours of play."
76561198060721273,Not Recommended,271590,18701278,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,French_Slav,Single player is great but Multi-player his hacker city. Not to mention that the DRM treats players like ****.I had a big case of buyers remorse good thing that i was able to refund it and will not be buying anymore games form Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,28692237,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Longy9999,"After sinking well over 300 hours in its a shame I have to give this a negative review and this is solely down to the cheaters and glitches ruining the online mode.You see, the online portion of this game is fantastic, its barrels of fun and there's a ton of different stuff to do but sadly doing these things without kiddies with mod menu's is nigh on impossible, not a server goes by where one of these sad little kiddies isn't spoiling it for everyone else or the game just bugs out.Here's a rundown of my session tonight:Got a call saying my MC business was under attack, on my way I got teleported to to the top of the map and hung there until I joined a new session. Upon returning all my product, supplies and staff were gone. Thats £420k plus supplies gone due to a modder.I'm in a new server and decide to collect some crates, I pay for 3 crates at £18k but once I leave my office no crates spawn and there's nothing I can do about it.I then join another server and try to deliver 3 cars, all 3 are delivered but one doesn't pay out and then the associate who delivered it can't do anything else almost an hour later because the game wants her to deliver the car she's already done. Another £100k gone.Stunt races I think, maybe that'll have more luck. No. I play with 4 different groups of people and all have at least one speed/teleport cheater in it. I finally find a clean server later on only to have 3 guys either driving the wrong way around the track or parking across ramps so no one can get over them.Add tonight to the list of money droppers, god moders, teleporters and spawners that I see every day and it doesn't paint a pretty picture. Why Rockstar allow this to happen in such a huge AAA game is completely beyond me.The single player mode of this game is fantastic and the completionists among you will get a good 70 hours out of it should you want to do all the game has to offer, the story is probably the best I've ever played in a game and to top it off the graphics are awesome if you have a rig that can handle it. Sadly, the online, which is what most people buy the game for is completely tarred by cheaters and Rockstar don't seem to care. Top that off with hundreds of people claiming to have had online bans for using 3rd party programs such as Discord and MSI Afterburner while the hackers run free just doesn't warrant shelling out for this game.All in all I'd glady recommend this for anyone interested in playing the single player mode but I'd stay well clear of the online section, its too much grief, too much hassle and I for one am uninstalling it and putting it all down to a bad experience. If Rockstar got their acts together and sorted out the script kiddies then I'd happily change my review but as it stands they haven't bothered up to yet and it's unlikely that they ever will now. Shame."
,Not Recommended,271590,16609036,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Uncle Jesse,"""Sale"""
,Not Recommended,271590,16606525,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,∫Androsen,♥♥♥♥♥move...I don't think rockstar knows what a SALE is.Still it is a great game
,Not Recommended,271590,34520792,Posted: 26 August,all,N't<[N0T],♥♥♥♥♥tar Game Services have corrected your GTA Dollars by $-10XXXXXX.All hard works from last 3-4 weeks down the drain.
76561197964657758,Not Recommended,271590,32512910,Posted: 17 June,all,TrackTerror,"No modding no fun, enjoy your reviews."
76561198049324816,Not Recommended,271590,34643488,Posted: 31 August,all,raider5963,this review is based around gta online and how it was ruined after 3 years of♥♥♥♥♥♥dlc the newest one adds planes that can drop bombs i had no way to defend myself noteven homing rockets worked becuase the planes had flaresand forget about having fun playing this game unless you buy shark cards even though this game is 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars they still have microtransactoins in this god forsaken game i would rather play big rig racers than play gta online again this is my final time ever playing gta online becuase of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wannabe fast and the furious dlc
76561198033176098,Not Recommended,271590,32570754,Posted: 19 June,all,Cpt.Obvious,"Fantastic game, This is just to take A Stand against Take two for banning MODS."
,Not Recommended,271590,32532823,Posted: 18 June,all,Strigoi,"I could accept the long load times and constant changing of lobbies in multiplayer, because atleast I could go back to singleplayer and play exactly as I wanted to.But not anymore it would seem, why on earth a company would decide to kill off the modding community I will never know, but it sure as hell isn't a company I'll support."
76561198340486679,Not Recommended,271590,29662570,Posted: 2 February,all,Bullseye,"Hackers in every server and apparently rockstar could not care less, too bad pretty great other than that."
,Not Recommended,271590,29624490,Posted: 1 February,all,Slaughter_round,"Banned for no reason whilst playing GTA Online, R* Support did nothing. They care more about making money than their playerbase!"
76561198272049662,Not Recommended,271590,29629873,Posted: 1 February,all,Night_Lock,"R* support suckstheir auto ban system is way stupid i got suspended for no **cking reason after 72 hours of my life devoted to this game and now my character is getting resetplus just about everyone in online is a d*ckR* support WILL NOT listen if you are banned or suspendedan example would be when I called R* support and they were asking for my gamer tag and such and after they found out i am suspended they said ""sorry we cant help you"" and she hung up"
76561198214308993,Not Recommended,271590,29921865,Posted: 14 February,all,TechnoDoggy,Got permanently banned for no reason!!!! Does this mean I have to pay $60 for this game again just so that I can play with my friends again and that they can make more money?????? I am done with this game and I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with Rockstar!
76561198014971647,Not Recommended,271590,29921677,Posted: 14 February,all,August Bebel,"0/10, digusting customer support, even EA have a better one, answer only with a copypasta answers and never do anything to help you. I think there is actual monkeys on another side of the cable, pressing, like 3 buttons to send the same answers over and over."
,Not Recommended,271590,32471689,Posted: 16 June,all,TheA-man,"-OpenIV got shutdown-Oh no i used mods, soon i will be in jail.Gonna run to Africa now.-OpenIV is back online-Now i can get back to my wife and 15 children. Hopefully.Still gonna post this review negative, becouse GTA: online wouldnt be the same like now, without community and mod support.I'm still mad now..."
76561197973849486,Not Recommended,271590,32471700,Posted: 16 June,all,Nonoka,"Mods were the only thing keeping me playing this.No more mods, no more money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32740261,Posted: 24 June,all,TheArgonian,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...MODDING ISNT ILLEGAL!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32471679,Posted: 16 June,all,☭Asp1re,Get back OpenIV!
76561198165010844,Not Recommended,271590,34751085,Posted: 4 September,all,Mqtty_,"Honest opinion, Rockstar is money hungry. Simple, but i'll go in-depth why i'm giving this game a bad review: I make scripts for gta, and in my own stupid fault, i forgot to take my scripts out of my Mods folder before i loaded Gta Online. As why i am banned. Partly my fault, but then if Rockstar didn't worry about making DLC's to profit off, they could fix their anti-cheat so that♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't happen, and get rid of all the hackers and make the game better. But the latest DLC for me was Ill Gotten Gains part 2 (I think) as a Yacht costed $8,000,000 Bucks, And the new cars costed $1,000,000+ minus a few, so i farmed GTA for a day straight just to get that Progen T20, i could have made a script and spawned billions, but then what fun is that, i can only drive that car, there's no goal. I'll stop rambling and ♥♥♥♥ off now, but be careful buying gta nowadays, as every lobby will (emphasis on WILL) have a hacker in it, whether he's blatant, or trys to hide it, there will be a hacker that ruins your fun, and you're going to need to have ♥♥♥♥ing doctors wages to be able to afford every DLC."
,Not Recommended,271590,34671591,Posted: 1 September,all,PrincessMolestia,"Story:Haven't done it but I hear it's really good.Online:Do you want to play a game where you spend hours on resupplying your MC businesses, and doing a sale just to get those hours of work blown up by somebody else and lose everything. How about spending hours paying for CEO crates for the warehouse, just to do a sale and BOOM all gone in seconds. Most if not all of the public sessions are full people who fly around in Hydras, tanks, Insurgents, Moblile Ops just to blow up others products. Public sessions are literally a warzone and no fun at all, especially when all of the businesses are locked to public sessions.Some of us just want to have fun together doing whatever we want online and not to deal with public people and especially modders. Businesses should be allowed in Private friend sessions and I will not change this review until it's set to private sessions."
76561198084334533,Not Recommended,271590,34748199,Posted: 4 September,all,DarLeroux,"-Single player is fun, but online has turned into a complete money grab by Rockstar.-Rampant modders in public sessions, inability to do newer money making activities outside of public sessions.-Money earned from double payout weeks with gunrunning and CEO import/export taken by Rockstar without explanation, while modders mostly keep their money, further making public sessions a nightmare.-Increasing prices for new vehicles increase the need to grind hours of public lobbies in order to even try the new stuff.-increasing need to buy new properties for each update instead of using existing ones makes the whole experience seem disjointed.-Zero support, seriously none. There are early access games developed by single individuals with better support than this.Overall - play single player if you want, but Online is a mess and imo a waste of time/money."
76561197984652727,Not Recommended,271590,34734716,Posted: 4 September,all,Cannibal,-3+million for no reason never hacked never took any money from any hackers yet they feel the need to take my money that i earned ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ rockstart
,Not Recommended,271590,34781025,Posted: 6 September,all,ZeroDivision,"This game had so much potential. Single player was pretty nice. But where's the DLC for it? Never coming.They want to force everyone to play multiplayer, which is riddled with cheaters, and force you into buying Shark cards in hopes you can stand a chance against them. THEN have the nerve to deduct money you earned legit right before an update.Maybe this is why so many people have turned to modding: they're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the incredibly overpriced items in game. They want to ruin this game.And they have.It took a while to realize it after having owned several copies on different platforms, holding out hope for the next update; that MAYBE they'd do something about the cheaters.But it's become clear they won't. They've made their money."
,Not Recommended,271590,35119340,Posted: 21 September,all,Joelsifer,"Used to be fun, but the updates and hackers have ruined online mode."
,Not Recommended,271590,32477586,Posted: 16 June,all,Pinoy Boy Toy,♥♥♥♥ yo microtransactions
76561198045820951,Not Recommended,271590,34775767,Posted: 6 September,all,Ironhide,My in game money got adjusted for being accused using modded money which I did not.R* why not you pick on those real cheaters and leave us honest players alone.Reported many obvious cheaters and did not see R* did any real actions.
76561198143584119,Not Recommended,271590,35196518,Posted: 24 September,all,Potterstein,"Single player is GREAT fun.Online is literally the worst. There is no such thing as a lobby without modders. The adversary and race modes launch before you have enough players to enjoy the game mode. The vip / club work does not allow permanent members, and are horribly boring and repetetive to do alone.I can't stress enough how often you run into modders online. God mode. cash. teleport. you name it, they do it. every. single. lobby.IMHO, if they could stop the modders, and allow more time for mode lobbies to fill...gta5 would be great again. There's still lots of worth while play, but the community is so toxic without any level of restriction it just makes every login a task."
76561198062315346,Not Recommended,271590,34999323,Posted: 16 September,all,Aragornbr777,"Okay, after 400 hours of real hard grind what can i say:Cheaters are gods, can make anything to you and everybody on the session. If a session has more than 10 concurrent players there IS a hacker in the middle of them for sure, they hardly get banned and makes the game unbeareable. Sometimes they ♥♥♥♥up your game so much you need to restart it to get rid of flying around dying and such things.The game CLEARLY induces the player to lose money for the most ridiculous reasons and is really hard to make monkey actually playing the game only to induce the sell of sharkcards. Disgusting.Rockstar Servers are unstable, desyncronized and makes loading screens take 3 times longer than the slowest loading game ever.Rockstar Support dont solve your tickets properly and dosen't care.Final veredict: Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,34761107,Posted: 5 September,all,Suzuko,*joins lobby**gets teleported by modder**money drop**banned*Please don't buy this game while it's in this current state.
,Not Recommended,271590,34939008,Posted: 13 September,all,Doughboy,"Had 2 million of hard earned cash (all legit) which really isn't alot i now have 250k , thanks rockstar for taking my money which i actually got through a shark card (1.35 million) ♥♥♥♥ing cancer company."
76561198018394897,Not Recommended,271590,34821114,Posted: 8 September,all,teufelbosch,"(GTA Online)Its Pay to winn, worse than Clash of Clans. The Game is F***ing broke. It is impossible to free-roam as a low level, because there are way to many hackers and the game is not even fair. Some of the vehicles and weapons being way to strong, which high levels use to troll, grief and ruin the fun of low levels. Furthermore there is no balancing system in place, or consequences for killing one player 15 times in a row. There are multiple bugs in the game and mechanics that should exist, for balensing and etc., which just do not exist.(GTA 5)The story is quite good, but it quickly gets repetitive. It's a story you can't play twice. Furthermore the freedom the player would expect does not exist and the game is greatly limited in player freedom."
76561198066903294,Not Recommended,271590,34978510,Posted: 15 September,all,Cataclysmic,"Had about three fourths of my GTA O money taken by R* saying it was ""illegitimate money"" same has been happening to alot of other people. Sent in a ticket to just have a bland copy paste message saying that my money was made illegitimately which was false."
,Not Recommended,271590,34843810,Posted: 9 September,all,Zach,"I had billions, I actually grinded and spent real money on most of that, granted I did get some from hackers but that was a LONG time ago and shouldn't of affected me recently. I had all my money removed. I will not be playing this game till I get atleast most of what I had back."
,Not Recommended,271590,34761745,Posted: 5 September,all,Kind Buddy,Too hard to get into multiplayer. Loading times are too long. Hackers galore.
76561198039399843,Not Recommended,271590,34784868,Posted: 6 September,all,Starchy,dont buy this game. you will just be banned and forced to buy it again if you ever want to play. gj rockstar support         -10000/ customer service
76561198185182422,Not Recommended,271590,34817222,Posted: 8 September,all,Chef boyardee,you have to buy overpriced sharkcards with every dlc that comes to be able to afford anything.
,Not Recommended,271590,34751910,Posted: 5 September,all,Ragnvaldr,"Online can be fun to grind but maybe Rockstar could try to limit the number of hackers instead of removing money from nearly everyone. I probably spent 4 hours in public lobies at most and the only time I got money dropped on me was when I first started the game and it was only about 20k, unfortunately, that didn't stop Rockstar from removing a million dollars from my account nearly 2 years after."
,Not Recommended,271590,34621619,Posted: 30 August,all,GemX51,Got banned for eaarning too much money through races. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Rockstar games
,Not Recommended,271590,34646336,Posted: 31 August,all,deusletum,I really don't want to play multi-player but all the content is only for multi-player.
,Not Recommended,271590,32653716,Posted: 22 June,all,Governor K,"Can't recommend a game, no matter how fun (It can be) thats developers and publishers punish a group of people whom have nothing to do with the over abundance of online cheaters that completely ruin the experience of the online game, which is where most people will spend most of their time."
76561198183381301,Not Recommended,271590,34605972,Posted: 30 August,all,KeithFukaton,"ROCKSTAR WANTS TO STEAL ALL OF YOUR MONEY FOR A LITTLE OF THEIRSINGAME CURRENCY IS IMPOSSIBLE TO GET UNLESS YOU PAY A STUPID AMOUNT OF YOUR MONEY FOR WORTHLESS SHARK CARDS, YOU WILL ALWAYS LOSE MORE MONEY IN THIS GAME THAN YOU MAKE. ROCKSTAR DOESNT GIVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥VEHICLES ARE TOO EXPENSIVE AND GTA NEEDS TO INCREASE MONEY FROM HEISTS AND JOBS.GUNRUNNING YOU MAKE WEAPONS BUT IF YOU DONT DELIVER THEM ALL YOU DONT KEEP THEM. THE TIMER IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T IN THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,271590,32653714,Posted: 22 June,all,tonyt3rry,DONT BUY IT SUPPORT MODDERS!
,Not Recommended,271590,32504795,Posted: 17 June,all,[Estonia]Black★Rock Shooter,"Pros:Interesting expansion on visuals from GTAIVCharacter customizationWeapon customizationGround vehicle customizationIngame internetMilitary vehicles can be purchasedPerfect helicopter flight model for keyboard useCons:-Online is run by greedy money hoarders who look at people as numbers-No love for single player anymore-Conflicted lore-Has some serious framerate issues, load time issues, and map keeps fading in and out.-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t economy that only a 6 year old fat boy with a fidget spinner and a Monster Energy snapback would have on a Garry's Mod DarkRP server-Short story-Each mission has a bunch of hidden objectives that you have to accomplish for a gold star, which ruins the need for immersive gameplay-Ground vehicles handle weirdly. Even top speed feels slow.-Not enough tension is presentI like it because as a game itself it runs and handles well, but the Grand Theft Auto IP is a throne, which GTAV does not hold up the standard to sit in.Rant about the shark cards:I did buy the 1,25 million dollar shark card a few months ago to save the grind for the Savage helicopter. That was 15 euros aka 1/4 of the game's original price. The game itself I first bought for PS3 for 50 euros as a preorder, then I bought the PC version for 40 euros. I've spent 105 euros on the game.The average rewards for simple jobs without the x2 multiplier for cash and RP are around 2000 to 20,000(some missions) dollars ingame. Rockstar games value their ingame currency as 8,000,000 = €75.Let's do some math.8,000,000/75= 106,666 = €1106,666/100 = 1066 = €0,01So for one mission you get around €0,02But the businesses you manage in the game randomly chip away 1000 to 6000 dollars of your ingame currency, thus if you're just casually fooling around in online freeroam, you're slowly losing what you earned. It's not just the money you earn from doing missions. It applies to the money you buy.Thus Rockstar is ripping you off bigtime.The vehicles are priced in the 1 to 5 million dollar range aka 15 to 50 real life money of your own pocket. This is the amount of money you should only be spending on highly detailed and officially licensed vehicles in simulators. You can even get a pack of those vehicles for that amount of money. GTA V's vehicles are cheap and lifeless models. No indicators, not many special gadgets to fool around with, just barebones vehicles."
,Not Recommended,271590,16310590,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sir Dovahkiin,"Isn't it illegal to raise the price of a product so it's the same prce during a sale?GTA V is $59.99GTA V with a 25% discount is also $59.99?  I don't think so, Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,18827030,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ridderzz9 - ft DJ Khaled skrrR,Social club doesnt load
76561198302710010,Recommended,271590,31630237,Posted: 8 May,all,LightGodMary,her zaman hayalmidi şu oyuna sahip olmak :)
,Not Recommended,271590,32431344,Posted: 15 June,all,one night,I got screwed over by rockstar. 0/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32424848,Posted: 14 June,all,Davis,"You just had to go and remove mods huh? Didn't make enough money? I ain't religious, but you just defined greed as a sin pal."
76561198164498460,Not Recommended,271590,29972454,Posted: 16 February,all,im nachos,"Do not buy this game. Rockstar doesn't deserve your money after the♥♥♥♥♥♥they've been pulling. Legitimate players are being suspended and banned, and they're having their accounts reset with no chance of appeal. Rockstars customer support is absolutely pathetic, and it's ♥♥♥♥ing mind blowing what they are doing to their loyal customers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32431339,Posted: 15 June,all,Fain,Why would you mess with the SP modding scene?
,Not Recommended,271590,32611632,Posted: 21 June,all,DelacourtBE,"You used to be better than this Rockstar...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ out useless dlc that no-one can buy unless they resort to microtransactions?Weapons/vehicles that dont even remotely fit in the GTA saga?And now banning all modding, even for singleplayer?I hope you go bankrupt, the Rockstar i know has died a long time ago..."
,Not Recommended,271590,28580111,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RabidMan,Just like most of the others recently got permanantly banned for no reason. Rockstar was extrememly unhelpful and only cares about how many people buy thier shark cards.
76561198148297406,Not Recommended,271590,33191829,Posted: 3 July,all,CUBS,"Thought i could use character transfer but rockstar had to be stupid and take it out, if you are buying the game just to character transfer your online character dont it's a waste of money I already refunded the game and got my money back. Im so mad right now."
76561198096113553,Not Recommended,271590,26342491,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,76561198096113553,i bought this game a day ago so i barely got any hours in. i play online for a hour or two and all of a sudden im banned for a month and having my level 158 character reset without even receiving hacked money or rp. (level 158 because ive had gta v since release on console) rockstars anti-cheat is awful i expected it just to be a select few in the reviews but rockstar made me waste my god damn money on their game. other than that its a good game but if you get banned after playing for a few hours i just cant recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,29576730,Posted: 29 January,all,Panergy,"Don't buy shark cards. Don't support Rockstar anymore. They refuse to support their consumers, permanent false bans on players for being in the same lobby as a modder. They have microtransactions where reall $100 dollars can let you buy ONE new car and upgrade it. Each update inflates the prices of their content to the point only a few players can enjoy the content being added to the game. GTA online is not a free roam sandbox it used to be, just an economics simulator where farming and grinding boring repetitive content 10 times lets you get a new car. The title of the game is grand theft auto, you would think it's about stealing nice cars, but sadly, it's become about simply buying and selling cars."
,Not Recommended,271590,32433201,Posted: 15 June,all,Pea,bye mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15539036,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Varaosa,ENG:Try the multiplayer for the first time in a friendly mood. Related to the general game server after a small adjustment. Die immediately killed by another player's starting spot immediately after birth before I could even move.I do not play anymore ever again for the second time GTA multiplayer.FIN:Kokeilee moninpeliä ystävällisellä mielellä ensimmäisen kerran. Liittyn yleiseen peli serveriin pienen säätämisen jälkeen. Kuolee välittömästi jonkun toisen pelaajan tappamana aloitus paikalle heti synnyttyään ennen kuin ehdin edes liikkua.En pelaa enään uudelleen koskaan toista kertaa GTA moninpeliä.
76561198122791168,Not Recommended,271590,29793422,Posted: 8 February,all,ThommyGun,"Terrible. Do not play, you will get banned even if you don't mod... Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,15732683,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SWEGTA,"Do you like modding?Too bad!Take Two now views you as criminal scum.Regardless of how innocuous your singleplayer mods may be, you're not considered a petty law breaker.Which, to me, speaks volumes about not only the game, but also Take Two's questionable business practises.Modding was one of many things I loved about this game.Having that taken away from me has left a bitter taste for any upcoming Take Two games.What a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,271590,18824986,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jake,Each patch makes it work less.
76561198049621514,Not Recommended,271590,26243229,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,✪ Gore-illa Games ✪,"Not impressed at all with this game. I bought it days before its release, i had an absolute nightmare getting it to work. I booked 3 days off to play it. I already had it for the ps3 but wanted to play with all the new options (1st person camera ect). So when the date finally came to play it, i encountered so many problems meaning i couldnt even get it to start. I spent the first 48 hours pretty much without sleep, checking forums, trying to problem solve and get it working myself. I got in touch with rockstar numerous times, each time their response was an automated response which had no relevance to the problems i was encountering. Eventually i got it working on my own. At this point i couldnt get a refund even if i wanted to as i had spent 4 hours in the game JUST trying to get social club working and attempting to sign into the game. So before i could even play a minute of the game, i had gone over the 2 hours it gives u before you can request a refund. When i did play it, i got about 60% through the main story before the game started to ask for my cd key (which i had already entered when i first ran the game) and it was saying that key had already been entered... no $H!T... i gave up on it and left it until recently, my friend bought it and invited me to do the online with him (which i havent even had a chace to do yet) So i uninstalled the game and reinstalled it. Tried to get it running but still encountering problems and its not running at all.The thing that really gets on my t!ts is the fact that so many people have just got a refund for no mans sky because they didnt like the game, although some people who received the refund had spent over 200 hours, whereas i cant get a refund on a game that genuinely doesnt work. If i got the refund, i would just buy a solid copy of the game because i really wanna play this game properly.Steam are♥♥♥♥♥♥holes, rockstar are♥♥♥♥♥♥holes and i would never recommend anybody to buy a rockstar game off steam as their customer service is terrible and wont help you when you actually need it. After all the $H!T games i have bought off steam and never tried to get a refund as in all honesty, i see it as my fault for buying them.My advice to anybody would be to pirate games and make sure you like them before paying for them as steam wont help you and even though it doesnt help game developers, they dont help you by seliing you games that dont frikkin work. Screw you steam, i have spent hundreds of pounds on games, and to be honest, i wont be buying anything else off you. I will buy the hard copies, atleast i can sell them on if i dont like them.God bless♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lol"
,Not Recommended,271590,28670593,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,wp,"In this game you will be banned for MoneyCheat when other players using aimbot and god mode and playing so fun :)♥♥♥♥ u, Rockstar.From Russia with love."
,Not Recommended,271590,26063477,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,「　SUB01」,i got ban permanently.nice :D
76561198031670935,Not Recommended,271590,19187399,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Fjorgin,I don't recommend this game if you intend to play online. Modders/Hackers/Cheaters have completely ruined the online gaming experience. Rockstar needs to grow a pair and start permanently banning modders/hackers/cheaters.
,Not Recommended,271590,19816959,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,-=Zimi=-,"Singleplayer is awesomeOnline mode UNPLAYABLE, so many hacker... R* doesn't care about, sad..."
76561198072641541,Not Recommended,271590,34664459,Posted: 1 September,all,Mira,"I bought this game to play online with my friends. I never touched a public session, and only played on private ones with them. It was fun doing missions, I actually joined during the double money and RP event so we were spamming motorcycle club missions to grind for money to buy the ridiculously expensive vehicles in the shop. Then I log in to find that they took away over 3 million cash from my account. Why the heck? Not to mention the giant and unneeded 'do not cheat' message when I log in. I NEVER touched a single cheat, glitch or exploit in my entire life, and I never joined a session with cheaters because I only played on private ones with friends, so why take away my legitimate money? GTA online is a cash grab. Everything is expensive and missions don't give any worthwhile money, and now they do this. Hours of grinding missions down the dump. Oh wait, I know why they took away my legitimate money. Because ""♥♥♥♥ you buy more shark cards"". They are punishing legitimate players and by doing that they are only making them want to actually start cheating because who knows what will happen once they grind more missions to recover their money. ""Oh what's that you grinded 2 more million cash from doing missions? Too bad let us take it away from you. No no, you can trust us, we found that the money was earned by cheating, so we did you a service."" What a joke.EDIT: Two days after I posted this review Rockstar removed 5 more million cash from my GTA online account, and now I'm left with no money whatsoever. They didn't give any message or warning of such unlike the first time they took money from me unfairly. It was just 'poof' gone. Guess what message I got when I logged in after I noticed I didn't have any more money left? ""Hey, we got a nice special discount on shark cards, just for you!"" This reached a point where it's just plain ridiculous. They are obviously doing this on purpose. Who knows, one of their staff might've read my review and decided to do this out of spite. Meanwhile the game still has a lot of serious bugs and glitches, like in the 'Humane Raid' heist, which makes the heist itself impossible to complete. They don't have time to fix their game but they sure have time to screw over legit players. To Rockstar: What are you trying to prove by doing this? It only serves to justify how horrible you've become. You can try to silence us but it'll only draw more negative attention to you."
76561198019327123,Not Recommended,271590,34470863,Posted: 24 August,all,ヤキsawyer,149 hrs on record. 140 hrs in loading screen. 9 hours ingame.Probably the best loading screen simulator i have ever played..
76561198032224374,Not Recommended,271590,32798035,Posted: 25 June,all,ATOMICsaber,This game is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Plz kill it.
,Not Recommended,271590,29937041,Posted: 14 February,all,Welker,This game is a pile of trash.- Full of hackers- Money grabbing developers- Cancerous 'community'- ♥♥♥♥ed up anti cheat system that will false flag you and most likely ban you without reason
,Not Recommended,271590,16606271,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Xaw,Fake sale as they raised the price then put it on sale.
76561198071251867,Not Recommended,271590,32637669,Posted: 22 June,all,nckjamesh,"no mods = no playing, mods helped the single player who did not wantto play online and have to spend money to buy shark cards. Guess money beats players and players have reduced the rating of your game for you stupid decision."
,Not Recommended,271590,26253113,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TYPEX02,a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045702767,Not Recommended,271590,32443732,Posted: 15 June,all,BladeHawk,"This used to be a fantastic singleplayer, but TakeTwo has banned any form of modding thus making it dull and repetitive. The only reason we have bought this game on PC, some of us for even the second or third time, was to mod the game to make the singleplayer more enjoyable.TakeTwo has made this game take a plummet and numerous people, including myself, will proceed by removing any support for this company and any branching from it."
,Not Recommended,271590,29549169,Posted: 28 January,all,bolo_santosi420,DO NOT BUYBans handed out for no reason.If you get a perma ban.Say goodbye to the shark cards u bought that were 20$-50$-100$You cannot dispute it.You cannot get you're money backSTAY AWAY!!!unless you like SP lol
76561198106172339,Not Recommended,271590,23647153,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,^5Snowdragon69,"This game should be so much better than it is. Constantly being knocked off servers, lack of new heists  and missions.  They are adding content  but its in such a way that its to complicated, and tedius. There needs to be more heists, missions, and different ways to make money.  The new expantion is cool because you can make a business, but it doesnt pay that well for anyone other than the ceo. And the lack of mod support, makes the game feel stale. I get that they dont want people cheating money but if they arent killing everyone, modders are fun and exciting.  The game just isnt where it should be,  by a long shot. Its still an ok game but there is lack of content."
,Not Recommended,271590,25089673,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Thankyou gaben,Apparantly being afk is a violation of rockstars term and agreement and ruins other peoples experiences its like being punched on face by your mom for eating   a salad
76561198251316338,Not Recommended,271590,29192466,Posted: 11 January,all,SpoopySuccHD,just got false banned. just downloaded gta after linking my old xbox 360 account.  i have not hacked or glitched anything in my small amount of time played.  not even single player mods.  ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar. i payed 60 dollars twice (xbox and pc) and have done nothiung wrong. if this is not fixed soon i will lose all respect i previously had for rockstar.
76561197976222518,Not Recommended,271590,34717347,Posted: 3 September,all,WarGameKloks Kid,Your Account Details Have Been Adjustedbannedfor what ???
,Not Recommended,271590,34781412,Posted: 6 September,all,Meme-Chan,Online is a wasted oppurtunity.
,Not Recommended,271590,34717201,Posted: 3 September,all,Goldenowner,"I finished the main/last heist few weeks ago, and now I log back in and see a message that Rockstar corrected my money. Only $50.000 left."
,Not Recommended,271590,32559860,Posted: 19 June,all,ded,New update does not allow modding any longer.
,Not Recommended,271590,15682913,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,XC,"Not worth buying anymore, no mods... no fun.Will be a very short lived game anyway without mods so better save your money."
76561198038510729,Not Recommended,271590,15723616,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Merlak,No mods means no fun
,Not Recommended,271590,15682748,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Stargate,"Bans for mods, 0/10...future of gaming looking bad."
,Not Recommended,271590,15689303,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,NoDdy,i dont understand what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on in this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,34791034,Posted: 7 September,all,Gzayn Triple & Knuckles,"WHRITE NEGATIVE REVEWS ABOUT THIS! MABYE WE CAN DO THE SAME THING AS WE DID WITH OpenIV!GTA V is a really good gameBut stealing Millions and Millions of legitimately earned GTA$With the reason ""Something out of your control""Just as an overpriced DLC releasesAnd just ignoring all the people standing up against this on their support..."
76561198035355985,Not Recommended,271590,34843221,Posted: 9 September,all,el_pinguino,Stay away from Online.  It's either a grindfest or a modfest.  Too bad. This game had so much potential.
76561198040303361,Not Recommended,271590,35277788,Posted: 28 September,all,Lead Sandvich,"Save yourselves and your wallet. Read anyone else's negative review. Story is the same. Legit money, accidentally got mixed in with some hacker dosh by accident, all of it gone.Oh, and RD2 isn't going to be on PC"
,Not Recommended,271590,34846471,Posted: 9 September,all,Dajahl,Fckng bstrds! Permanently banned me for nothing after 250 hours on PC and same time on PS4 and about 300$ spent on shark cards. Only because some mthrfckng hacker messed around. 100% sure he didn't get banned. F*ck this game and R*
,Not Recommended,271590,32711635,Posted: 23 June,all,Cla The Ninja,"Great game handled by a♥♥♥♥♥♥company.Low-budget free-to-play games stop hackers better than this game. How does this game still have problems with hackers after all this time and the giant budget it had to start with, let alone all the money it has made since release? And while they are too busy counting their money to stop hackers, they find the time to ban innocent players. I know someone who has never hacked and has deliberately avoided even recieving hacked money, who was banned after reporting a hacker and the hacker decided to troll back and report her. She loved the game, had hundreds of hours of play, was about rank 200, and had many many limited-time items. All gone due to a false report that Rockstar took not even a minute to actually investigate. And when she tried to call Rockstar Support, they were rude TO HER about it.Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar. They think they can be lazy and shady about how they handle this game cause it's the only big game like it on the market, but mark my words, someone else will come along and make a game like GTAOnline but without the hacking problems and ran by a company who actually cares about their customers. And when that happens, Rockstar is gonna be in for a rude awakening and go into emergency PR damge control mode even harder than the OpenIV debacle."
,Recommended,271590,15760186,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,texan,I love how it's an M rated game and they censor words like ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,271590,18258017,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Telep0rting Awes0me Guy,"It's the good ol gta, what could go wrong? Exactly.NoticeReview is only for the solo-mode not the ""Online"".Gameplay+ A good cover system,realistic movement and more.+ Guns are solid as you bet,they hit and boy do they hit good.+ Shooting from vehicle's has been improved on.+ Driving and physics isn't bad, personally i like them.+ Gps and map has been very improved.+ A.i has been improved on vast,they will even flip you off lol.+ Many activities to do on, tennis, strip-club(lol),golf,cenima,hang out,marathons,race events,hunting and alot more.+ Many side-quests and random missions.+ Many online-mode only vehicles can be purchased from the internet.+ Vehicle customization is top-notch,amazingly detailed from cars to bikes.+ Each story-mission is replayable from start to finish.+ First-person view makes shooting easier.+ No difficulty options, i love it makes it so that everyone haves the same challenges.+ Cool transition between switching characters, it always shows what they were doing a moment before.+ Frist-person Fov is changeable.+ Smooth animations,alot improved.+ Many,many vehicles, weapons and much more.+ It's just enjoyable, fun and really just impressive at times.- Some deaths feel very unrealistically cheap.- The game may punish you for using different tactics in missions.- Not all missions where you can enable that first-person.- Collusion`s can get odd and bugged at times.- Many mission's have poor briefing/introduction with little or no info.- No access to eating food,except just sodas and liquids.- Air-craft controls are odd and unsatisfying.- The A.i can get wierd and bugged at times where a teamate will just be circling around.- Each time a mission starts it sets the currently-equipped weapon to whatever it feels like to, thus adding a bit o frustration.- All your clothing and eyeware gets reset each time you start the game,thus requiring to change them every time.Story+ Amazingly - directed ,funny,serious, amusing at times.+ Overall a great story it just keeps you wanting to play.+ Immersion due to it being realistic on many points of society.+ Very just detailed behind each missions there are belieble reasons.+ It gave me many emotions some sad at times to what the characters do but i believe this was done on purpose and they made it right,it shed alot of light on our society.+ Great,great dialogue and voice-actingGraphics+ Very detailed environments, objects and much more.+ Best lens-flare and sun i have seen.+ Great skybox,just so pleasing to look at.+ Beautiful,beautiful scenery.+ Water wave's are just done right the best.+ Wide scale of options, biggest yet i have seen.+ Explosion effects and more have been improved on.+ Option for benchmark.+ Greatly optimized, no fps drops smooth 60 fps.- Textures on low look like really♥♥♥♥♥now it's on low of course but hey come on when the system-requirements are decently high wouldn't you expect more better textures.- Many updates do tend to bring many stutter and fps problems.Design+ Menu is simple as it could be and responsive.+ In game art-works are fully macthing and gta style.+ Death screens and alot more have been improved on.+ Map design is actually great while many generic buildings but overall big and beautiful.- Just not many interiors as you would expect, only buildings where you can do a activity are open while all the others are just pure dead.Sounds + OST+ All environmental and effects sounds are a job well done from guns to vehicles from walking to riding a bike.+ You can listen to your-own music.+ Sound-track is overall just amazing it builds up the mood from boredness to just pure action.+ Many radio-stations,and funny commercials plus commentry.+ In total many,many radio-songs, a big variety and good to listen.- While many just bad songs. Some even just made me laugh.Overall thoughts and points[Sound] Overall just pleasing from guns to vehicles, many variety in songs,16 stations and good commentary, while many just bad songs. Some being even just laughable.[Design] Great design overall from map to menu, while just not many accessible interiors.[Story] Just Amazingly well directed funny,serious,sad at times and a a notice on many points of our society.[Graphics] Amazingly detailed environment and a great skybox plus over all effects, Great port smooth,while bad textures on low and bad fps due to some updates.[Gameplay] Overall improved upon just every aspect and many new stuff,most just welly executed while some little problems but nothing game breaking a bit, just pure fun as always.The game has many,many graphic,torture,disturbing or even offensive scenes.Violence is in many amounts here due to many loads of realism.From nudity to well alot more.Online-mode has script-kiddies problem'sYou can get banned even with having solo mods on online.Some users have reported crash to desktop and such issues.Rockstar-social club is required, and it is glitched as hell. Many issues.You must have internet-connection to even start the game.Just dont expect a COMPlETElY different game,cause it's really as gta has been but with a heck load of tweaks and overhauls.ConclusionJust buy it already man and stop looking at me face.In all seriousness i fully recommend this game it is down right fully worth that 60 dollar. Just heck load of improvements and new stuff, great execution,solid gameplay,good optimization and beautiful graphics and scenery and alot,alot more while some problems but not game breaking at all.JUST THROW DEMM DOLLAS.===================================================================Click me and follow us as Curator"
76561198003185311,Recommended,271590,15739723,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,End Mage,"Stole a taco truck while the sun was going down. Bob Seger - Night Moves started playing on the radio. 10/10But really, there are so many little things about this game that will make you crack up it's worth it just on that alone. That's what I love about the GTA games. Walking by people saying ridiculous things, finding random easter eggs, mowing down people on the sidewalk. It's all there. If you like GTA and haven't played this do yourself a favor and get it. It's worth the sixty bucks. You also get GTA online, which I haven't even tried yet because the game itself is so much fun."
,Recommended,271590,25863361,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Corvo,It's Grand Theft Auto. You know what you should do.
76561198039524564,Not Recommended,271590,15388775,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,EllerSure,GTASA stands as best GTA ever.F**k the Social Club.
,Not Recommended,271590,15702096,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,maria rannaväli,"PC Mods is what kept GTA4 alive for so long.Well done, Rockstar. You shortened GTA 5's life expectancy by quite a few years."
,Recommended,271590,27952118,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Birkin=BH=,Best open world game!
,Not Recommended,271590,32706229,Posted: 23 June,all,UsableZebra,cant mod it anymore no point of baying it
76561198348472253,Not Recommended,271590,32618560,Posted: 21 June,all,mbmx100,rip open IV :(
,Not Recommended,271590,29100334,Posted: 7 January,all,Larry Osmen 41 | www.tf.gg,"This is mostly in regards to the online play aspect of the game, as the single player portion of the game has given me no trouble and is pretty enjoyable. The online portion of the game is almost impossible to understand what to do though. I try to play a game with my friend and it hardly ever works. I have literally watched more loading screens than I have played the online portion of the game. On top of that, everything is extremely grindy and whenever you want to buy something that you dont have enough money for, there is a prompt to buy ingame currency? What is this a mobile platform?TL;DRThe single player portion of the game is pretty fun from what I can tell so far, but the multiplayer portion of the game is unbelievably frustrating. Do not buy at full price."
,Not Recommended,271590,32617391,Posted: 21 June,all,Trest,MODDING ILLEGAL?Rockstar....I do not recommend this game because Rockstar Games just made mods illegal.Nobody says that cheating is good. But GTA is made for modding in my opinion. Just look up the Internet what can be done. I would not buy it.Neither do I recommend the upcoming GTA if they still make mods illegal in the new one.
76561198157029726,Not Recommended,271590,32622499,Posted: 21 June,all,>>Call Me Daddy<<,"Destroying single player modding? Really?! How fun do you think this game is?! This is a stupid idea, OpenIV FTW!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32618470,Posted: 21 June,all,Johnny Horsecock,"No modding. Not much single player support. Online is treated as a f2p cash cow. Hackers and modders in every other lobby. Unkowingly join a money lobby and leave right when you see whats going on, you get banned but the modders dont."
76561198086437673,Not Recommended,271590,32451782,Posted: 15 June,all,Reluk5,"It's a fun game, but dont ♥♥♥♥ with mods!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32667121,Posted: 22 June,all,Social Alien CSGOatse.com,"As of June 2017, this game no longer supports the vast majority of mods due to legal action by Take-Two and Rockstar. Consider this carefully before purchasing. Great game but terrible behavior from Take-Two and Rockstar."
76561198047628791,Not Recommended,271590,32587211,Posted: 20 June,all,Bear,"what the ♥♥♥♥ is this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, banning single player mods???"
,Not Recommended,271590,28671498,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,UCCImane,"Was fun, until getting perma banned for not being a cheater."
76561197962480300,Not Recommended,271590,32483588,Posted: 16 June,all,xdbs-traininginmountain,Just following the crowd. Tekken 7 for crossplay with ps4!
,Not Recommended,271590,16382047,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,kb777,"The game was okish - bought it full price to test new rig - but a developer bundlig items that a majority of gamers don't want just to offer a 'discount' is a developer not worth anyones money.Buy it in a year or two when a real discount is offered. As for now the discount is 6%, NOT 25%."
76561198068798288,Not Recommended,271590,32641506,Posted: 22 June,all,DeathCustard1,"I bought this game on PS4 for multiplayer, and on PC for the sole purpose of modding. Now more than half of the mods have been made unusable. Bring back mods or give me my moneys back. Thank you and goodnight."
,Not Recommended,271590,32641664,Posted: 22 June,all,HopeitBurns,I ONLY PLAYED CAUSE OF MODS...RIP GTA...GIVE US AT LEAST EVERYTHING FROM MULTIPLAYER THEN !
,Not Recommended,271590,32592991,Posted: 20 June,all,StOneR,"RIP mods , RIP GTA"
,Not Recommended,271590,32978903,Posted: 29 June,all,[PPTS] Janegak,"great game, really really love it, but bad choices coming to: banning singleplayer mods and making shark cards expensive."
76561198026579035,Not Recommended,271590,34154947,Posted: 10 August,all,Snacks2975,"This is a great solo game, but the online game has run by 10 year old hackers.DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON SHARK CARDS.  the online game has a modder in almost every lobby.  They've completely ruined the game for people who want to play by the rules. So if you like free money in the game, just hit up any modder.  if you want to play the game legit, well you screwed. cause the modders will do what ever they want to you in the game.And we must give a special thanks to the rockstar programmers for their complete inabilaty many years straigt for being completely unable to stop the modders from hacking the online game and ruining it for would-be loyal customers.  I regret the shark cards I bought. the online game is completely currupt."
,Not Recommended,271590,32612396,Posted: 21 June,all,Mert,Just bring mods back ffs that♥♥♥♥♥♥made this game what it is.
,Not Recommended,271590,32608353,Posted: 20 June,all,Never Frogette,1
,Not Recommended,271590,32777963,Posted: 25 June,all,bluesky2k,"Already had this on PS3, bought it again on PC for the mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,32562583,Posted: 19 June,all,crusty saber,Can't​ be a Sith lord or Jedi Master. ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two
,Not Recommended,271590,28350493,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Platypus,"Great story, endless community mini games, fairly decent graphics, and INSANE amount of content. Coming with all the praise the community can be somewhat ""toxic"", the game really seems to push microtransactions, and the biggest complaint i have is that the ROCKSTAR SUPPORT IS BEYOND DOGSHIT!!!!!!!! I took a break for a few months from the game after puting 120 hours and log back on to find out that i need to re-enter my game key-code which i did when i first bought the game, not only this but it is the only key i have and it says its used... OF COURSE IT IS ♥♥♥♥ING USED, I USED IT THE FIRST TIME I GOT THE GAME!! Then it takes Rockstar 3 days to reply back... guess what, it was a bot... I do what the bot says and finaly get a reply from a real person who than gives me 3 days to reply back with a VIDEO of my trying to get my game working... WHAT THE ACCTUAL ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS! 3 days and a video, i later reply back with a question if i can send a screenshot instead and get no reply......"
,Recommended,271590,15867078,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,McquacK (not dead),"This is honestly one of best open world games and it's just amazing how they made Los Santos look so much like Los Angeles. It took a while for Rockstar Games to make a PC port of GTAV, but it is totally worth it and I recommend the PC port the most out of the consoles. Great story, great characters, great graphics, this game does not disappoint you. Oh yeah, and don't forget first person! Hell yeah. Is it the best Grand Theft Auto game out of the series? Probably. You might find it weird if I compare this to GTA: San Andreas but in a way, GTAV is better mostly because of graphics. But graphics don't usually matter to me like Fallout 4. It's hard to point out the negatives to this game but there really isn't. If you have the money, definitely go out and buy it, it's worth it... If you can run it though. 9/10, partly because people being permanently banned from GTA Online for simply just installing an FOV mod and other mods. Listen, if you're playing with mods in singleplayer, when you enter GTA Online, do not forget to take the mods out of your folder. Come on Rockstar! You're better than this."
,Recommended,271590,19540649,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pip Boy Roy,When did this come out for pc?Anyways single player as to be expected is solid on all fronts even adding 3 main characters to play around with this time. Multiplayer is the real meat of this game expecting you and your friends to grind it out to reach high levels and get rich. Problem is the servers are terrible. Constantly crashing and having trouble grouping up with your friends. DId I mention load times are crazy long? I wrote this whole review by the time my lobby started up. Have to go to single player just to start a friend only lobby. Missions are really the only way to level up fast and those are randomly locked behind rockstars crappy matchmaking menus. I can't state enough how bad these servers are. But they are updating the game every so often with more content for multiplayer.In the end what you have here can be very fun and also very frustrating. This is not next gen but it is fun and definitely worth it's sale price on steam.I miss cousins Bellic♥♥♥♥♥youFinal score 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32466744,Posted: 16 June,all,jstr,"rip mods.OpenIV 4 life.R* you're not that R* that i used to know.Sharkcards, no mods, cheaters, everything is too expensive.Just R.I.P.Grand Theft Auto 1997-2013.Leslie Benzies 2001-2013Microtransactions 2013-????Cheaters 2013-????"
,Not Recommended,271590,28362988,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Reerex,"Rockstar literally gives no ♥♥♥♥♥ if you get banned unjustly, lost my level 145 to that.RIP 3 years progressAlso shark cards are a scam"
,Recommended,271590,24798999,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NoXeM | 三郎,"My favorite GTA so far... I've over 700 hours in this game and i can say that this game is great!here some pros/cons to keep it simple...pros:- still new updates (for free, no DLC buying)- active players (still in the top 10 of the most played games on steam)- big map with nice locations, well done- nice idea with 3 different characters to make a better single-player experience- enough online content as well (freeroam missions, new racing stuff, own office, heists etc.)- enough vehicles- customizable apartments/houses/cars/outfits/weapons- easter egg hunt/some secrets- so much fun with friends!cons:- everything is expensive if you're playing multiplayer, feels like you have to buy in-game money (shark cards)- hackers in online... spawning crap to block the road, freezing you, deleting your weapons (its temporary don't worry), spawning money (because everything is expensive) and also trying to crash your game by spawning alot of stuff if you want to report them..- could be better for the modding community- my experience with the Rockstar support wasn't really good to be honest -_-- lack of biker content/biker dlc... (not very important for me but alot of people want this and i totally understand why...so much racing/military/mafia content but no biker DLC for biker crews...)Still a great game and i think the hacker thing is getting better... at least a little bit.like i said it's alot of fun with friends, enough content etc.. and the hacker thing is not all the time so..8/10EDIT: Biker content announced for october 2016. the biker dlc wasn't one on my main points (but i had to mention it) so the rating will stay the same. some stuff was leaked before but i don't really want to mention this kind of stuff in a review cuz i don't want to spread this kind of information. in the end it could be false..Read more about the upcoming biker dlc here:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/article/52666/gta-online-bikers-coming-october-4th"
,Not Recommended,271590,22787766,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Wendy,"2017 update: take two ban a popular modding tool, because they are too lazy to make proper anti cheat systems.( but it was a single player only modding tool)Online is a serious grind fest, (as bad a free to play game) this much of a grind that you are basically forced to buy shark cards, just like they ban singleplayer mods because they want to force you to play online,  then get you to buy the cancerous shark cards.If you want to play take 2 games without them getting a cent, try a 2nd hand key seller ( i wouldn't recommend those cancer sites unless the publisher/devoloper is awfulUpdate: OpenIV is ""allowed"" to work again, but im leaving this as a negative review since they tried this disgusting practice in the first place."
,Not Recommended,271590,32501654,Posted: 17 June,all,Frosty,When people start hacking money into your game because of your ridiculous pay to win business model so you start issuing mass bans to modders and some people who didn't even mod anything (they just got money from modders) so players start making their own multiplayer outside of your pay to win online service so you send private investigators to their house and shut it down so that way they keep hacking money into your online service so you issue a cease and desist order to a modding tool that is used for single player mods and inadvertently encourage players who want to play your single player game with mods to pirate an older version of your game
76561198071898541,Not Recommended,271590,15685722,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ShadowReaperT,"It's an ok game but, considering it's 2 and a half years old and has been delayed multiple times for PC I don't think they put much effort into it.There are things broken that would have been easy to detect if QA had been done properly, such as falling through the map when you do the first Multiplayer Heist - forcing a restart. Game crashing if you disconnect from R* servers mid-game and you want to quit - and more.Pros:Fun to play with friends.Short loading screens (besides for initial one - see cons)Although I haven't played it a huge amount, my friends keep telling me the campaign is great.Cons:GlitchyYou can get banned for using graphical mods/FOV increaser for First Person.Initial loading screen takes forever.Constant disconnect from servers due to being unable to connect to one other (Peer 2 Peer hosting).Constant disconnect from R* servers.R* customer support is pretty bad, so if you have any issues it's hard to get a proper reply.R* customer support don't know what they are talking about - they said graphical mods won't get you banned. They did.Cost of DLC items is huge to try and force you to buy their GameShark cards (microtransactions). For example, the Heist Jet is $3,000,000 but if you want to buy that with real money it costs £32. Similar with other items. Slow to earn money otherwise, you can get a one-off bonus from Heists totalling $12,000,000 if you complete certain challenges. New DLC items are even more ($10,000,000 for a golden plane)Easily crashes,Has caused me to have my PC shut down and bluescreen (not from PC issues either, worked fine if GTA wasn't open).Has caused my NVIDIA drivers to crash on multiple occasions.In-game chat is censored. Why? It's rated 18, and has plenty of swearing by the AI/in the story.Not a huge amount to do in MP after the Heists, other than redo the heists or repetitive races/short missions.Extremely bad and obvious screen tearing - and VSYNC on just makes the game look visibly worse.Just my thoughts on this, but I wouldn't reccomend it for £40."
76561198049015069,Not Recommended,271590,15967677,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,AntiChrists7Sins,"good game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players and you may aswell scrub rockstars logo from the game its not theres atleast not any more the hackers own it now and there appears to be little to nothing they can do about it, so if your gonna buy this game either be prepared to get screwed for atleast a month, or hack yourself up like everyone else doing lately feel as though i should send hackers money after all they have provided more for the game then rockstar has, dont get me wrong i hate hackers they ruin anything involving multiplayer but most other companys take 0 tolerance, but when you google how to report hackers only to find like 6 pages on how to hack gta5 sites i cant help but know they have won already while also wondering wtf rockstar is doing, look at google see how there doing it and fix it simple well simple if your company isnt using the hackers as a encouragement for players to buy ingame cash as to stand a chance or atleast try in vain lol lets just say iv got alpha games that do more work to stop hacking with 5% or less of the funds rockstar you are pathetic enjoy singleplayer way cheaper and less frustrating"
76561198042193055,Not Recommended,271590,15687525,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Verberi,nothing like duck dynasty 2/5
,Not Recommended,271590,15722849,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Friendly,Don't Buy It if you have a AMD graphic card!(Edit:I have now a NAVIDIA graphic card and it work fine :)
,Not Recommended,271590,34601398,Posted: 30 August,all,;-],They remove money from your account for no reason.
,Recommended,271590,18726495,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ExLee,"I recommend this game but only to a certain degree, it's more like thumb sideways, and here's why:Singleplayer is probably where you will get your money's worth. It's fairly entertaining through out the whole game, depending on your personal tastes, and there is enough content to keep you occupied for at least 100 hours (if you are a completionist type). Admittedly the story is kinda mediocre and isn't going to blow you away with it's storytelling or big twists but the gameplay is fun and almost perfect for the first time in GTA series although previous titles had better story and atmosphere.There is also Rockstar Editor for the creative types to make interesting videos and enough mods around to keep the game relevant way past it's life cycle. Just remember to revert your game back to vanilla before going to multiplayer because mods tend to be flagged as cheats and can get you banned, so beware.Now multiplayer is whole different beast. First and foremost it is very time consuming in the sense that everything will take a while to achieve. You can still have a lot of fun doing all sorts of jobs and activities with friends while being a low level with no money but you will be at a disadvantage at every corner. You need to level up to be more competent in missions to earn more money to buy stuff which is unlocked by being a high level and screwing around in free mode won't get you far. You have to literally work for your level and money which may sound discouraging for some people with little time on their hands.For that case you can buy Shark Cards, in-game money paid with real money, micro-transactions if you will. You don't have to buy them (I certainly never did) but if earning money the usual way is a grind for you then there's this. Shark Cards are also the reason for the countless free updates as well as the reason why they abandoned singleplayer for good. Heists are the biggest money makers but doing them as a low level is a sure way to fail a lot and annoy your teammates. Personally I do not recommend tackling them before reaching level 50.And of course there are hackers. Every game has them but GTA 5 has quite a few of them thanks to the shoddy network infrastructure. You see this game uses ""Peer to Peer"" connection meaning technically there are no servers, in a lobby everyone connects to everyone. This makes for absurdly long loading times for connecting to public lobbies and transforms PvP into a chore where depending on your opponents connection it almost seems like a drop of a dice decides whether or not your shots will actually register.So with no actual servers to run checks on people to know who's hacking, hackers are running rampant thanks to the netcode. That could be fixed with dedicated servers but the last modding team that tried to mod that into GTA 5 got their SC accounts permabanned, so yeah... And Rockstar's own methods to remedy that by screwing with the code have instead caused a 10% - 20% decrease in performance for a lot of people. The game may never run as smooth as it did on launch day :(Hacking got better these days but still my advice for now is to avoid public lobbies and just stick with your friends in private lobbies instead. You'll also get the added bonus of faster loading times in private sessions :DBottom line / TL;DR :If you're a single player person then this game has you covered with fun gameplay but with a so-so story while multiplayer, although fun at times, requires from you a lot of time and a lot of patience to put up the bull s**t it often throws at you."
,Not Recommended,271590,16343557,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rockwell,"increase the price for useless ingame cash just to put it on ""sale"" for the original price.awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥move, gj r*"
,Not Recommended,271590,16315777,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,╣T☠T╠  ℳike.littlelegion,"DO NOT BUYThis game is a loud of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it never works, I have had error after error, as of writing this I am 188 hours into the game, and it has not been worth all the hassle.The game breaks every few days, after every update, patch, anything, after any minor change to your pc's settings, it goes on a mad one, and there are NO fixes, because they are all claiming to be for one issue, when in actuality, they are for another, or they only fix issues for laptop users, or they don't even work for anybody.Do not give rockstar your money for this 70/100 (at best) game, by doing so you will allow them to do this and encourage them to do so for other games, also, some shady stuff going on for the summer sale too, a villanous comapny no doubt. AVOID THIS GAME. They made no effort, car interiors are all the same, not much to do in online, glitchy, game comes up with a new reason for me being unable to play with it everyday.My pc is more than capable of running this meh looking game, I can max metro, but there are very long laggy periods, and the game often has intense lag when comming out of your garage, to fix  it you must wait for about 5 seconds, then get out of the car you just came out in, then get back in.They could not be asked to make a decent game despite making us wait for ages and making us pay far to much for a game.AVOID, THIS COMPANY DOES NOT DESERVE YOUR MONEY!The gameplay is good in online, but you will spend a lot of time fixing the game, or grinding, unless you hack/get help from a hacker/modder, the game gets fun when you have money, but you won't be able to do lots of the things in it or customise cars/outfits to your wanting as lots of stuff is locked to a certain level, which you will have no fun reaching at all because heists are clunky and boring.Single player is fun and the story is engaging, but the car system is  very annoying and the single player is glitchy and confusing in general.PIRATE THIS GAME FOR THE SINGLE PLAYER IF YOU CAN, OR WAIT TO BUY IT FOR £10 IN LIKE 5-10 YEARS, IF THE GAME STILL WORKS BY THEN.If you like spending 9 hours trying to fix something, and then realising there is no way to fix it, because half the fixes for errors only work for certain people, normally laptop users, if you are true master race, on a desktop, you are screwed, this is the game for you, and a prison for the crimanly insane is the place for you."
76561198097644296,Not Recommended,271590,16330543,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sir. Arthur,"1st: You will need a much higher-end of computer or probably an acount that you work with in the US or Europe to work this gameMy PC is a Msi GE 60 with a core I7 4970K and 100 GB of free space  ""its a laptop""It seems that i am not able to play the game it just crashes on the spot when i play the first mission and i can go any further, but i have tried my best to fix this for countlest hours, But still I dont know if Rocstar's Gta V has a working  Service server in Asia , for that is where i am from. But even then Gta IV still works on my Pc, so it should not give any weak reason that it cant work here in Asia.And another thing they increeced their price bracet for their new product on steam. Havent they made enough money ? , why increece the price?any way what ever they plan to do with is lustful game, I suggest that you dont buy it now probaly somewhere in the mire futureNote (edited version):I recently got a new system and was able to mudle my way throught rockstar support, I am  able to run normaly now, but some of my friends have the same problem still. I guess the only option is to get a higher spec system to run this game. = $$$$$PS: The Online of GTA is the worst multiplayer experience you could ever imagine, Hackers everywhere, and everyone kills you on site. Its a Kill or be killed wasteland one you go online. No one seems to be a gentlman in this game."
76561198066814572,Not Recommended,271590,33392331,Posted: 8 July,all,nimmy jewtron,"I have over 600 hours in the game, and have put a ton of money into online. I downloaded mods over a year ago and used them for like a day. Literally just a trainer in single player to spawn in cars and screw around. I never used it in mulitplayer. Ive had them uninstalled for months then out of the blue got banned, I figured ""Okay, i'll just wait a little bit to get unbanned then just play again"". Little did I know, once banned your player gets reset. All those hours down the f***ing drain. I am now considering boycotting GTA and Rockstar. F*** you Rockstar, go after the real hackers. And a BIG f*** you to Take2. I'm never purchasing another game from Rockstar again. And I suggest you do the same."
,Not Recommended,271590,32583858,Posted: 19 June,all,Xarpor_Rows,"I WANT MY MODS. I WANT TO PLAY SINGLE PLAYER MY WAY.Great game with extrodinary attention to detail that has been RUINED by Take Two.I play on PC, to mod my games and change my experience to my liking. I can no longer do this. Great game, ruined by money hungry developers too lazy to create some single player content.DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY UNLESS THEY ALLOW YOUR FREEDOME"
76561198034936544,Not Recommended,271590,32583839,Posted: 19 June,all,plot1184,"GTA V is not a bad game, but it's publisher is and therefore it deserves every negative vote! Banning mods for a singleplayer game is stupid and self-righteous."
,Not Recommended,271590,32630460,Posted: 21 June,all,slymeasy,I bought my copy through Steam and now I can't access it because of a problem with their social club DRM. I submitted a ticket with no response from them on the issue. I don't care about mods at all.
,Not Recommended,271590,32658957,Posted: 22 June,all,uBinKIAd,"They just removed the best part of this game, the mod community (single player) by going after single player mod tools and deeming them illegal (after R* encouraging users to use them at that). GTA used to be an instant buy for me, I purchased it for pc even after already owning it on ps3 and I didn't do it for the graphics, i did it for the mods. I will not be purchasing future gta titles or any other take two title for that matter unless this decision is reversed."
76561198287765691,Not Recommended,271590,32698339,Posted: 23 June,all,F R A C K,No more mods:(
76561198042238260,Not Recommended,271590,33490362,Posted: 12 July,all,TEAT MEAT,Why the ♥♥♥♥ is it still 60 dollars
,Not Recommended,271590,33245612,Posted: 4 July,all,Reverend Jesse V92,"I played the game legit for over a year and a half only to wake up one day to an email saying I was banned permanently, and that the decision to ban me was not only permanent, but also non-negotiable. I've been a life-long player of Rockstar's games and that was the catalyst that made me realize they don't give an absolute ♥♥♥♥ about their player base.I tried filing tickets but they have bots that auto close tickets related to bans. I tried emailing their developers (as they are the only ones with access to ban logs) but they also have an email filter blocking out ban emails.I even presented the three hour live stream I was doing right before I got banned as proof I wasn't cheating and was only met with silence and denial.If this is how they want to treat a loyal paying customer, ♥♥♥♥ them.To top it off, they tried to ban modding in a game that has finite single-player content. At this point I put Take Two on my wallet blacklist as well as Rockstar because it's obvious both companies have their heads so far up their own arses that they have lost the ability to reason with their players.I'm never again buying a T2 or Rockstar game until things change, which as I can tell won't be any time soon."
,Not Recommended,271590,32626162,Posted: 21 June,all,Willrus,You know.
76561198129438212,Not Recommended,271590,32685022,Posted: 23 June,all,DishyyySoapy,i ♥♥♥♥ing bought GTA V just for the mods now i cant play them cause of what you did go ♥♥♥♥ yourself
,Not Recommended,271590,18599456,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Weeaboo (しじま),Error-100.50
76561198149711312,Not Recommended,271590,32796350,Posted: 25 June,all,Leb,ruined modding gg
76561198376781445,Not Recommended,271590,33252462,Posted: 4 July,all,BudBuddha,"damn you Rockstar, purchased this game for the third time for my PC just to play around, i previous owned it on xbox 360 and xbox one, I've put well over a hundred hours into my character. I thought what the hell, I'll migrate the account to PC. After purchasing i find you have disabled charcter transfer. So of course I'm not starting over I want my money back since i only purchased this for a time killer, I go to refund on Steam and get 20 dollars taken off my refund for NOT EVEN one hour of game play? This was a complete waste of time and  money, thanks for the wonderful expierence."
76561198007032272,Not Recommended,271590,32627441,Posted: 21 June,all,Kingdark,I'm putting a negative review to put the pressure on Take Two and on rockstar to undo their terrible decicion for making mods fricking illegal. Push up the pressure people. I would strongly advice you to change your review into a negative one just because.
76561197982261608,Not Recommended,271590,29589157,Posted: 30 January,all,Banana-Boogaloo,"Every session has a hacker, half of them time they make money randomly rain on everyone.Rockstar then bans anyone who got money too fast.Hackers laugh.I also got perma banned eventially due to false flags. Fun fact: anyone else who plays off your wifi gets banned too, even with different accounts.Dont buy unless they relax their damn policies."
,Not Recommended,271590,17693459,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sharkh,"I recommend the single player. Oh yes.Grand Theft Auto V is fantastic... offline.Once you turn the multiplayer on it's nothing but hackers. And I /NEVER/ cry wolf.Sure, there are legit players. Unfortunately most of my time in roaming around is people teleporting to me, and either stunning me infinitely, spawning enemy AI, or giving me hundreds of millions of dollars.Normally one wouldn't complain about the latter, but there's no progression if it's given to you. I like to work for my money in games like this..If Rockstar fixes the multiplayer, which they won't. Then I would go back and recommend this game in its entirety. It's awesome when either in a local server with friends, or offline."
,Not Recommended,271590,18730584,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bukkake Ben,gay
76561198055465585,Not Recommended,271590,31712270,Posted: 12 May,all,M A N U   S Q U A D,"I would rate it positive but the loading times and the grind if ♥♥♥♥ing ludicrous.If you diconnect from a server (internet problems) it will automatically put you back into your singleplayer, which takes several minutes of loading. And then you go back to the online, several minutes of loading.You go to join a heist, sorry that server is full! Why did we not tell you that before you tired to join? ♥♥♥♥ you thats why! And then you spend several minutes joining a server again...You get the idea.The grind is also horrific also, they've made the game so that the micro transactions look appatising but all they've managed to achieve is making the game boring and pretty much unplayable due to the fact your have to spend weeks grinding out the same ♥♥♥♥ing hesists (where online players will crash and burn it for you 9/10 times) until you get the money to buy a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing car thats the same as your last.0/10."
76561198036308889,Not Recommended,271590,15910267,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Harctor,Microtransactions get in the way of mods being available in multiplayer...
,Not Recommended,271590,24068623,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Knarklangarn,"Hello everyone, dont get me wrong im in love with this game. But there is a slight problem with this game. The support is as bad as jacob sartorious singing and i have to tell you, jesus christ are they bad and annoying?! I got banned FOREVER, FOREVER FOR USING A GRAPHIC MOD. And i tried to explain that it was a harmless graphic mod, but they only told me ""No you are a modder so you deserve this."".......... I got so furious. Seriously, don't install ANY sort of mod, if you get banned you will have to purchase the game again"
,Not Recommended,271590,24564367,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Doctormix,Loading.Loading..Loading...Loading....Loading.....Failed to join session.Please try again later.Social club not avaliable right now.WTF RockstarSoo hard write normal ONLINE CODE???I am Tired From This ♥♥♥♥!!!@!!$%
,Not Recommended,271590,24196744,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"It may be fun, but the shark cards are scams, I bought one with 20 dollars and didn't get anything for gta online."
,Not Recommended,271590,25051887,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chedda Bread,I hate this game 70% of the time. They have one of the most toxic communities of all time. Plus the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hackers that rockstar do nothing about. please fix game rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,29949923,Posted: 15 February,all,Haz,A good game ruined by sharkcards and modders. Thanks Rockstar.
76561198135212361,Recommended,271590,35222144,Posted: 26 September,all,LaraTheBee,"This is my 400+ hours review.Single Player:+ Huge stunning map with the best details you will find in a video game+ Interesting characters+ AMAZING gameplay+ Lots of customizations+ Beautiful graphics- Confusing story (yes, I found it confusing...)- May get boring after a while- Lack of clothing (yes, I am VERY serious)- No Single Player DLCOverall, the Single Player is really fun to play. You will get to play as three amazing characters with each having a different personality. It'll take you about 40 hours to complete the main mission (which is around 60% of the game). I personaly found the side missions a little boring so I didn't complete them all yet.GTA Online:+ The same map you get with SP+ Even more customizations+ SO MUCH CLOTHING!+ Really fun missions+ Free DLCs- HACKERS (although they do get banned right after reporting them)- The map isn't as alive as it is in SP- Micro-transactions- EVERYTHING IS SO EXPENSIVE!- Asshlole players- Loading screens that take foreverGTA Online is the main reason I bought this game and it definitely met my expectations. It's a really fun game to play with a varitey of content. I really recomend this game to anyone who is looking for a game to invest many hours into."
,Not Recommended,271590,15596042,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Don Tuna,"The game is awesome... it really is a big difference from the console version, it looks amazing. awesomely optimized, no frame issues, everything works great... the issues though is online... it is terrible, it has terrible sync constant disconnects, i got the pc version so i can cause trouble with my friends, but if you cant stay more than 5 mins in a game and keep having everything rubber band around you it is no fun... single player = total awesomeness... multiplayer = 60 euro lobby simulator, join, disconnect, join, disconnect, lag lag lag, sync issues. join this connect... i hope they fix this... i got it for the online experiene and so far ive spent most my time joining servers instead of playing with my friends... till the issue is fixed, this gets a thumbs down, cause multiplayer does not work..."
76561198135913580,Recommended,271590,16618136,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Antimouse,"Finally...PC release! No review needed. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing Gold. Nothing more i have to say.After edit-------------1) Understood, that all people who dont like my review and posting their own not recommended reviews on this game. All of them just pointing on Rockstar money trick with price b4 summer sale.So, let me remind you, here we have - GAME REVIEW. Suppose, you going to post your review on GAME not on the game price. Tere is nothing about game costs and purchase issues. Looking more than strange while speaking abt +/- 20 Usd or Euro and all whine and pathetic price posts i see.2) I've almost done with this game on story mode or online. Online is overflowed by cheaters/hackers scumbags. That is the only negative thing i have to mentioned abt this game. Hope that Rockstar will do some mass-ban patch for all multiusers. Im just making video, screenshots and reporting this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to support from my side. Works 4 times so far, and i'm more than happy that 4 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s using cheats in another game."
,Not Recommended,271590,15697006,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,AttK0,An overall great game brought down by the developer's ridiculous stance regarding modding. I cannot bring myself to recommend this otherwise great game as Rockstar is punishing players for something that is and always has been an integral part of the PC gaming community and tradition.Rockstart changing the game EULA one-sidedly to enforce these decisions after countless people have puchased the game is just making things worse.
,Not Recommended,271590,15702155,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dorothy Haze,"0/10, banned for FOV modyou get more freedom playing Bad Rats"
,Recommended,271590,20496679,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,omaha shin darude,"My standard session on GTA V1. Log in2. Drive around and hit stuff3. See a guy cheating4. Panic because people are asking for money5. Leave the server ASAP because I hate having money handed to me for freeOther than the cheaters the game is good. It's not even cheating I hate, just the money hacks. With that being said,   there are a lot of things that this game doesn't have that GTA IV did and that's dissapointing. Standing alone though this game can provide hours of fun and laughter."
,Not Recommended,271590,32713304,Posted: 23 June,all,A Furry. Thats All You Need.,FixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixItFixIt
76561198065474632,Not Recommended,271590,32784888,Posted: 25 June,all,Chris,Dont buy games that ♥♥♥♥ with modders
,Not Recommended,271590,32682664,Posted: 23 June,all,Vlasty CZ,pls rockstaropen iv ftw
,Not Recommended,271590,30482504,Posted: 12 March,all,Gabe Meme,"TL:DR: I was Banned from Online for a month for no reason.So, I'm writing this review out of pure disbelief, I wasn't even planning on writing a review for this 3 year old game.So after months of playing story mode with mods I decide to take them off and play online, so first day goes fine, and I actually have a pretty good time. Second day goes by, I'm starting to like the game. Third day comes and I first start up my PC, doing my routine GTA Excercise I start out with all the time. Then I get a message saying ""This Account has been banned from Social Club Services until 4-11-17""So.... I was Banned for a month for no reason.good job Rockstar, love your 3 year old $60 game too."
,Not Recommended,271590,32838794,Posted: 26 June,all,BIG MOIST,WHY make modding illegal? It's dumb. They literally just shot their own foot
76561197968639076,Not Recommended,271590,33614660,Posted: 17 July,all,Kharika,"Enjoy Hackers killing you every day? freezing you, blowing you and everyone else up instantly over and over, so you cant do anything? WELL THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU, STEP RIGHT UP AND PLAY GTA ONLINE . In no time you will be begging for the third reich and the mass genocide of people."
,Not Recommended,271590,15678446,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,acsdog,"Great game, but outright banning mods is unacceptable. Paid mods were one thing, they at least had good intentions even though it didn't work out. Banning people for mods is another thing. Scripthook disables custom sctripts in MP, which is what the majority of people use. R*, this not how you treat PC gamers."
,Not Recommended,271590,15679187,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,GI GO HOME,Banned for an FoV mod...
76561198066884682,Not Recommended,271590,15683907,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ninja-joo,No mods? that's a bit silly isn't it Rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,22119750,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Stefanonimo,"The game itself is awesome, even if the story is bad compared to the previous chapters and the missions are so short and easy. Playing singleplayer is great and you never get tired with all the activities you can do in the map. I really love exploring the sea and the wild life in the forest.I've waited 5 years for playing this game (since the first trailer), and my waiting was worth.On the other hand, the multiplayer is completely GARBAGE!- Hackers- Has the ♥♥♥♥♥est matchmaking system I've ever seen. With over 50.000 players in-game DAILY, I rarely see a lobby with more than 3/4 players (in a lobby for 16 to 30 people). 90% of the times are lobbies with 2 players, and don't even try to create your own lobby, because NOBODY ever join. NOBODY!- Hackers- 8 years old kids- Hackers- Russians shouting in the microphone- More ♥♥♥♥ING hackers...and Rockstar doesn't care at all.Also, if I consider that they told to the modders that were doing another GTA V multiplayer mod to stop developing it, is making me cringe. So what are you waiting for fix this multiplayer and make it decent and playable? If you spend a part of your BILLIONS made with this game, for adding an anti-cheat and improving the matchmaking system, it will not be a tragedy.I never had fun on this multiplayer yet, and is not even 1/20 epic like Multi Theft Auto (GTA San Andreas multiplayer mod).So, why I'm not reccomending this game? Because it's now worth the actual price (60€) for what it has to offer. The multiplayer is the main cause of all the bad reviews, and after 1 year since the release on pc, nothing is changed. Just buy the game ONLY during sales and if you want to play singleplayer... FOR NOW."
,Not Recommended,271590,32696240,Posted: 23 June,all,HAM,♥♥♥♥ rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,16345497,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cheeto doggo,One of the many scandals of GTA 5. Enjoy the overwhelmingly negative reviews idiots.
,Not Recommended,271590,34311571,Posted: 17 August,all,Morishintaru,"Yikes, my first negative review.GTAV is an exellent game;  the story mode is very well paced, perhaps not the greatest in the series, but it's fun and diverse all the way through.  The online mode (GTAO) is also quite fun, I guess.  I made it to rank 35+ before I got bored.  That's just me.  (I'm known as ""that guy that just plays golf"" in my circle).So why am I leaving a negative review?  The current constant online DRM.  I'm sorry, but sometimes I can't always be online, like many others I've seen complain about this.  It's completely unfair and anti-consumer.I get the fact that Rockstar is still somehow making bucks off this title via GTAO, but come on; I just want to play the single-player campaign unhindered of internet connection.I will leave this review negitive until some heads are pulled out of orifices where they're not belonged."
76561198086980642,Recommended,271590,30041564,Posted: 19 February,all,Kuzo,"Well what can say...The story could be better but i still enjoyed it, gameplay great, dialogs great just everything is great!The online mode was (it still is) so good that i couldn't stop playing  it for one week with breaks only to eat or sometimes sleep.There are some bugs, but which game hasn't any?And i forgot to mention that the biggest weakness of the game are the facial expressions of the characters.Overall an awesome game, definitely worth buying even for 60$.TypeRatingGameplay9Lore8Audio9Multiplayer10My rating: 9/10"
76561198124065718,Not Recommended,271590,16320429,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Captain Slow,Being a billionaire it isn't enought for you rockstar so you decided rise the price just before steam sale.IGN - 0.0004/10PC Gamer - 0.00069/100
,Not Recommended,271590,33655126,Posted: 19 July,all,Lord Cabrón,"Unsolved Problem of HackInvisible hackers and speed hackers are everywhere, in every session. They have limitless power, infinite teleportation and of course unending money sources. And they literally humiliating innocent players.They do not even care if you threaten. Because they are very sure that they will not be punished. Thanks to developers of the game and for sure Steam, for letting them mocking with us, to legalize hacking and making insult with us. I've reported many players who used the hack in every game but I'm not sure what did they got as a punishment. No feedback at all. Moreover, it makes you feel guilty because you don't have any proof and you don't know how goes to ban process. Obviously, no-one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about to ban them. There is no any authorized bot to test session. Proud with your flawless VAC. Yeah, be sure it works. Appreciated that."
,Recommended,271590,30961561,Posted: 5 April,all,ownosourus,"Grand Theft Auto V has taken a long and winding road to its final destination on PC. Fans have waited over a year and a half for it to arrive, and the wait has undoubtedly been worthwhile as this version brings with it many improvements, even over the remastered PS4 and Xbox One versions. The base game remains largely the same, but improved visuals combine with a few additional features, and an enormous amount of customization options to make for the definitive Grand Theft Auto V experience.The story and single player campaign of GTA V are well known at this point. Rockstar’s usual satirical touch is on fine display in GTA V, with commentary thrown at the player about modern life, the American Dream, inequality, and a host of other hot button topics. Ultimately the story isn’t as emotionally evocative as GTA IV, and might not be as memorable as GTA: Vice City, but it is still a fine addition to the franchise nonetheless.GTA V features a bunch of standout missions, such as the various Heists, though many still fall back on the tried-and-true “go here, kill them” or “drive here, get that, drive back” mechanic that has been a heavy focus in the series for years. Throughout the main story you take control of three characters in the world of San Andreas, Michael, Franklin, and Trevor. Occasionally you will tackle a mission with all three characters, leading to GTA V’s most engaging moment. Giving one of your character’s cover from above as they take out enemies below is always enjoyable.As you progress you can switch between all three at almost any time, with each character offering their own main and side missions for you to choose from. Finish up one character’s set of missions and you can swap to another for a while until the previous character gets some new options. This allows the game to keep the player engaged in the story as they are able to swap around to a new character any time they get bored with the current one. This also allows for some subtle touches that make the world feel more alive, as the characters are usually in some interesting situation just at the point that you take control of them.This living world is certainly Grand Theft Auto V’s greatest achievement. The city of Los Santos is massive, vibrant, and simply begging to be explored. From the congested highways of the inner city to the open desert of the north, every piece of San Andreas has been meticulously crafted for the perfect GTA experience, and it has never looked as good as it does in the PC version. Higher resolution, improved textures, and a better framerate aside, the world is simply more dynamic here than in the previous iterations of GTA V. There are even options available where you can tweak the amount of traffic, or number of civilians on the street.One thing that the PC version brings as an option is keyboard & mouse controls. The default key bindings work exceptionally well, transitioning the experience to PC with little detriment. Some players will likely feel the mouse controls are a little odd, and they seem to feature acceleration or some other form of modification, even when these options are disabled, but overall the game functions quite well on this new control method. Of course, players can always hook up a gamepad, such as an Xbox 360 controller, and use that instead. This will probably be the preferred method of play for those that have the hardware.While the options are a definite benefit, those aforementioned technical improvements are the true star of the show this time around. Of course, this all depends on players having a powerful enough machine to run the game properly, but if you are at or above the recommended system requirements you will be in for a massively improved game, even when compared to the PS4 and Xbox One versions.It might take a while to fine-tune your settings to achieve the best look possible, and the opening sequence is strangely un-optimized, resulting in more stuttering and graphical issues than you’ll find in the main game, but once you do you are in for a visual treat. A few minor elements, such as hair and the somewhat too small field-of-view, reveal the older and console-specific roots of the game. However, many of these problems can and likely will be fixed in future updates. In the end, seeing the world of Grand Theft Auto V in 1080p, 60fps, with high-res textures, and additional effects is worth the price of admission alone, even if you have played the game already on its previous platforms.This is especially true if you have only played on PS3 or Xbox 360, as there are a number of features carried over to the PC version from the Remastered edition on PS4 and Xbox One. First-person mode is probably the most earth-shattering, as it offers a wholly new way to play. What at first seems like a minor shift in perspective actually serves as an entirely different experience altogether. Something about putting the action of GTA V right in your face really immerses you even more in the carnage. Few games offer an experience quite like driving around the streets of Los Santos, cops on your tail, glass shattering in your face as bullets pierce the windshield. It was immensely fun in third-person and it becomes even more so when given the option to get right up close to the action in first-person.Along with the returning features comes GTA V’s main PC exclusive, the Rockstar Editor. Using this tool you can record your in-game antics and stitch them together to form your own video clip. Director Mode even allows you to step into the shoes, or paws, of various denizens of San Andreas. Always wanted to get a shot of a hobo punching an alien? Now you can, inside of GTA V. The ability to share directly to Youtube and other social media services is the icing on the cake, hinting at a bright future full or interesting and/or hilarious Grand Theft Auto V videos for fans to enjoy. And, of course, the PC version also comes with built-in mod support, though the benefits of this won’t be fully apparent for some time.This is all just the content in the single player portion of Grand Theft Auto V, there is still the multiplayer in GTA Online, which is also better than ever. Pulling off some missions with your friends, earning cash, and buying cool vehicles has never felt as good as it does here. All of the technical improvements carry over into GTA Online, allowing PC players to enjoy all the fun, with even better visuals. While the wait for it all to come together may have been long, GTA Online seems to have come together into a fantastic package that fans will easily enjoy for many hours. The Heists are the obvious main draw at the moment, having taken almost as long to launch as the PC version itself. These new pieces offer players dozens of additional hours of fun as they team up to take on multi-step missions, with big payoffs promised at the end. Those that already played GTA Online on a previous version can quickly and easily transfer their character to the PC version.Grand Theft Auto V took a long time to get to where it is, but anyone that plays the game today should see why. The world is massive, the characters and story are entertaining, the gameplay is fun, and, with the latest in PC gaming hardware, the graphics are phenomenal. Having to wait so long for it to come out certainly raised expectations, but GTA V has met and exceeded them in every category. Any minor issues one might have with the game are easily drown out by the sheer amount of fun and engaging content on display and the immense improvements made for this version. In short, Grand Theft Auto V on PC is simply the best way to play the game that has continued to impress players for a long time."
,Not Recommended,271590,25486899,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Motocrosscamden,"Absolutely loved the game until I was banned permanently for no reason! Contacted Rockstar Support and said there was nothing they could do about it, would not even tell me why I got banned."
76561197969637387,Not Recommended,271590,15698151,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Jackal,"Only bought this game in hope of mods like in previous GTA titles, Thanks for killing that rockstar. I have never left a review for a game in my life, but this really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, this game would of  been epic with the modding community."
,Not Recommended,271590,32698392,Posted: 23 June,all,Vegolse,Boi.
,Not Recommended,271590,32696318,Posted: 23 June,all,Azazil,"gta is a joke. Rockstar and take two are aweful companies. They never listen to their consumers and apparently sales numbers. How long does it take to make a sequel to rdr which was one of their highest selling games. Now they are trying to limit modding for gtav because a few online money hackers... boo fricken hooo. Now you dont get to micro transaction people for virtual money. Lame. Apparently in this day and age, if you bought it you dont own it."
,Recommended,271590,15784690,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,El Oshcuro,Rockstar has gotten me to buy this game 3 times on 3 different platforms now. They win.
,Recommended,271590,15345841,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,IMIRR,Thanks for beta testing console players.#PCMASTERRACE etc.
,Recommended,271590,29610065,Posted: 31 January,all,Britbong,Still full retail price in 2017? lol
76561198072471015,Not Recommended,271590,32899896,Posted: 27 June,all,PWNTaC,poop and more poop. smells like poop. thieves. greed. more greed.
,Not Recommended,271590,15701452,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,The Booty is Universal,gib mods you jags
76561198003356095,Recommended,271590,16869505,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Bakinak,Barely any loading time 10/10 would load again
,Not Recommended,271590,32571190,Posted: 19 June,all,woolrus,absolutely disgusting
,Not Recommended,271590,16345906,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cynyx,"Great game but online part is ruined by hackers at the moment.Till a good patch or a massive bans wave, this game can't be recommended for online sessions."
76561198070637053,Not Recommended,271590,16318625,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Desypher,"Bought the previous versions of GTA V, and enjoyed every minute of this game. The anticipation for the pc release was incredible, couldn't wait to see all the mods people would come up with.Sadly, Rockstar shows it's♥♥♥♥♥to their fans and makes modding the most frustrating thing imaginable. DRM/Bans on people who didn't deserve it, I mean the lobbies are full of hackers any way, just let us mod. This is rediculous. Great game, terrible business practices going on at Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32475908,Posted: 16 June,all,Jacha,"Since Take Two made modding illegal, there is no way i can have fun anymore in gta V. Mods made singleplayer way more fun and always made me come back to this game, since in online you cant really have fun without money. Its a♥♥♥♥♥♥move from take two to ban mods , and they screwed openIv over.Dont forget to sign the petition to try and get modding back."
,Not Recommended,271590,25599462,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Bad Kitty,Incapable of detecting online cheaters...Targets offline modding community instead.Pay-To-Win as fuuuuuhhck!
,Not Recommended,271590,32486326,Posted: 16 June,all,Syaxamaphone,"Rockstar's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you don't want to buy their shark cards.As a whole, GTAV is a pretty solid experience, but it has so many weird quirks that make the game a lot less enjoyable, especially in multiplayer.-For some reason, you need to deposit the money you earn via smartphone. This requires several screens of arbitrary menus that serve no purpose but to slow down the depositing process. Not sure why this is a thing.-before making simple checks to see if a session is full or if friends are playing, GTAV Online will end your current session, forcing you to have to load in again if the search for a new session fails, instead of just letting you do it while still in the current session.-Loading screens are kind of long-So many weird issues happen during multiplayer missions, including players spawning without the correct gear, spawning in the wrong locations or simply not spawning (messing up the game for everyone else). This happens way too often.-So many missions require a ton of driving to/from destinations. The map is not interesting enough to warrent this.-Everything in online is rediculously expensive in order to push Shark cards. I can see why everyone wanted to hack this garbage system.-A personal note: A recent update removed all of my cash because some of it was obtained because of hackers distributing money in online. A majority of this was already spent, so they took the money I legitimately obtained my most recent heists instead, leaving me with 0. Thanks guys."
,Not Recommended,271590,18849192,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Nikos,"I was really looking forward to this game but unfortunately I cannot play it due to the err_gfx_d3d_init crash which occurs every 15-20 minutes. This crash is affecting both NVIDIA and AMD GPUs and yet Rockstar has not formally acknowledged it nor fixed it 6 months after the game was released. Some users have posted workarounds (e.g. underclocking GPUs by 20Mhz, changing to DX 10.1, turning off VSYNC) but these are NOT fixes. I refuse to tweak GPU clock rates to compensate for Rockstar's lack of quality control. The other workaround also did not work.There are hundreds of people reporting the same issue:https://steamcommunity.com/app/271590/discussions/0/611703709830303956/#p182I submitted a refund for this game and await Rockstar to properly patch this game before I consider buying again. Extremely disappointing.For what it's worth, I have a brand new high end PC:CPU: Intel Core i5-6600K 3.5GHz Quad-Core ProcessorCPU Cooler: Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVOMotherboard: Asus Z170-A ATX LGA1151GPU: MSI Radeon R9 390 8GB Video CardMemory: Crucial Ballistix Sport 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4-2400 MemoryStorage: Samsung 850 Pro Series 256GB 2.5"" Solid State DriveStorage #2: Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5"" 7200RPM Internal Hard DriveCase: Fractal Design Define R4 (Black Pearl) ATX Mid Tower CasePSU: EVGA 750W 80+ Gold Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power Supply"
,Not Recommended,271590,16450041,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,"GTA Online is horrific. Cheaters are modding me, making me look like a suspect, and I don't wanna be falsely banned!This is an absolute disaster! The game is overall good, though/, but the experience is horrific!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32448929,Posted: 15 June,all,DV8ing1,"Online Shark Cards have ruined this series. No longer do we see amazing story driven DLC that was actually worth the price of admission.  Instead we get piecemeal dlc that amounts to a new toy you get to play with for about an hour before being bored with it and throwing it away with the rest of the toys.  Now that doesn't sound too bad if it weren't for the hours of grinding required (or buying a real money Shark Card!).They've also just recently as of this review, done their best to remove a large part of the single player modding capability by sending legal (unwarranted) threats to the modders themselves. It's another case of a big rich bully knowing they can't win in a court of law but doing it anyway knowing that there is no benefit for the modder to fight and lose money/time in the process.Don't support these cash grab companies that have fallen so far from the pedestal they once stood upon.Shame on you Take Two. Choke on your money."
76561198070289575,Not Recommended,271590,32426391,Posted: 14 June,all,Banle,"I love GTA V and the GTA series mainly for modding, now becuase of the recent cease and desist, i refuse to play the game and do not recommend you spend money on it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32466263,Posted: 16 June,all,Kaiser KoRv,Can't recommend a game where Singleplayer modding is made illegal.http://gtaforums.com/topic/889348-openiv/
,Not Recommended,271590,32445055,Posted: 15 June,all,Sir RoxCuttle❤,"As a huge Grand Theft Auto fan, I can say the developers are out of mind. Money policy is absolutely ridiculous. This game still costs 59,99€ and it's over 4 years old. It's not just worth it, not to mention about Shark Cards... Everything costs so much it's not worth to pay 75€ for 8 million dollars in GTA V online and you literally can't even buy one Luxor Deluxe for that, if you buy everything in this game, it would lead you into bankruptcy.As much fun as I've gotten from this game, it's really funny, you can do so much things. But there hardly are any good updates and the content gets already boring, you get basically 3 updates after all in just one year.Rockstar doesn't care about community anymore, they are greedy!And not to mention about how many innocent players have got banned for nothing (due to modders who probably just drops money bags rapidly if you're AFK.)I still play this game but the good old days are now over. Rockstar will you do something?"
,Not Recommended,271590,16321084,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Muji,"Online is broken, buggy and filled with hackers in every server.  Play is designed around trying to get people to buy Shark Cards rather than trying to maximise fun.  It's a money grab of a game.It's still somewhat fun and addictive, but there really isn't a lot to do and you spend most of the time grinding the same coop missions over and over."
,Not Recommended,271590,32505299,Posted: 17 June,all,Photonic Sheep,thanks to rockstar for ruining a great game
,Not Recommended,271590,19761347,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Wayne Rooney,Please confirm your system setups before you buy the game! I bought it and it crashes everytime I try to run it. Requested a refund and asked for support on rockstar but they still did not respond.
76561198183737717,Not Recommended,271590,28588900,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,409690488,"Great!!! I am not surprised I got banned for no reason..... Many people have the same situation as me,,,"
,Not Recommended,271590,32425191,Posted: 14 June,all,Jack'O'sac 🎃,Modding is illegal?
,Not Recommended,271590,32428940,Posted: 15 June,all,Smily,"Unfortunatly the father company of Rockstar, Take Two, has decided it's going to remove the backbone of GTA V's modding and modding community. Modding is, for me and a lot of other people, one of the only reasons we actually play GTA V now.And with the extremely boring, microtransaction filled and grindy cash-grab that they call ""Online"" that is so repetetive and so extremely dull most of the time, I will stop supporting this game.I just play GTA V for the mods nowadays. Being able to play as a police officer or driving a Ferrari was just so much fun! But that has been ruined by the fact that Take Two has basically said that modding is illegal, sending a cease and decist letter a second time to the creator of Open IV and Scripthook.IV, and for that reason untill Take Two makes modding legal again I will stop supporting GTA V and especially GTA Online."
,Not Recommended,271590,32520452,Posted: 17 June,all,lost in the sauce,They completly ruined GTA Online and now they're trying to take away modding. Don't play this game.
76561198027986401,Not Recommended,271590,32470157,Posted: 16 June,all,Smug Bastard,"The thing 2K did was incredibly dumb and disappointing. Choke on your shark cards, idiots."
,Not Recommended,271590,28557908,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Niicckk,"So, after waiting for ages to sit down and do a proper review of GTA V, which I have acquired a decent amount of hours on, here's my rant.1. Optimization- I run this game on my ""High End"" gaming/workstation rig consisting of an i7 6800K, 64GB of RAM, and a 980ti Hybrid (Soon to be 1070). This game for the most part runs smooth, but its so damn glitchy. Having it installed on an SSD doesn't even improve load times in the slightest bit, I crash so damn often and I don't even know what's causing it half the time. When I do manage to load in, I get constant black screen loops and other glitches that lead to crashes and makes it a total hassle to even try to play the game due to having to wait nearly 10 minutes to load in after every crash. I love this game dearly, but for the love of PC Master Race, R* please optimize it.2. Recent Banwave.- A ton of players have been subjects to R* banwave. Some clearly deserve it and its great to see them being brought to justice, but in return, lots of innocent player's have been banned due to multiple flags being set off. One of my own friends got money dropped on him by an unknown hacker, then the hacker reported him, and he got banned within the next day. I've also read multiple reviews here regarding false bans and It's truly shocking to see how R* treats their players. Ban them, then provide no evidence or even try to work with them.I probably will update this whenever more rants come to me.TL;DRR* fix your game, and stop banning people who are innocent."
,Not Recommended,271590,17963151,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Omega Strain,"Game is fun. But The Hackers and Modders have taken the fun away. Theres nothing to work for anymore. Cheating players just spawn whatever until the point the game is crap.No sense in grinding nothing, Money is constantly spawned onto players. No sense in reporting anyone in game. Modders just delet ur report, No since in PvP, Modders just god mod and dont forget about aim assist bots. No Im not talking about the builting in auto aim. Im talking 3rd party Aim bots.Racing use to be fun, But players soawn there own modded cars that drive faster then jets and they can fly.Whats the point of a check point if they just clear all check points with a click then drive over the finish line while everyone else is just begging the race.I cant believe how broken this game is with the amount of money GTA has brought this company of the YEARS.THis game is nearly unplayable unless ur hacking, modding, or kissing the hack.modder buts.Going passive you say. That will seperate you from them. Nope. They still harrass you.THey only way to play is to either join them, kiss there buts, or play single player.Thumbs down, not reccomended, somthing could be done. OTher games have checks and balances in place to atempt to prevent, Ive played alot of games where hack/modding is at a minimum to none. Reckon rockstar just wants to make excusses and blame PC. Its not PC fualt. Its basicly the Gun/THe Bullet/ and the trigger puller. Just becuase a gun and bullet and kill somone doesnt mean that the gun and bullet is the killer. Its the trigger puller. Blame the players pulling the trigger. If you cant game without cheating. THen maybe one should find a different hobby.I will not be buying anymore games from Rockstar unless they can assure that they will but better steps in place to prevent hackers/modders from ruining the game.Reckon Ill conclude here.Not So Good GaminOmegaPS. Ill Update this review if rockstar (MutliMillion Dollar Comp.) actually shows they care about the product/service everyone is paying for that them soooo gainfully employed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32638523,Posted: 22 June,all,CheesyWaffleBurger,Rockstar more like windmoonamiritei want mods back ty
,Not Recommended,271590,32508709,Posted: 17 June,all,Walker,♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,271590,32434427,Posted: 15 June,all,parzivil,Take two is killing mod community
,Not Recommended,271590,16339937,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,KazzM8,"A total grindfest, overpriced microtransactions, and now Take Two has confirmed that they hate mods, even when they increase the visibility of the game. Funny how the only time I considered leaving a positive review was a month after the launch of this gameEDIT: They have since gone back and allowed OpenIV to exist. I will remove this review for a proper one once I see they intend on keeping their promise"
,Not Recommended,271590,32422344,Posted: 14 June,all,therealshadowghost,NEW PURCHASERS BE AWARE!!: modding is no longer allowed. Thanks T2 now go suck a big one.
,Not Recommended,271590,32591026,Posted: 20 June,all,ThugOrange,You kill mods you kill pc gaming
,Not Recommended,271590,32432781,Posted: 15 June,all,xd,♥♥♥♥ off give us back OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32433207,Posted: 15 June,all,Houms,Its a great game but someone at take-two really want to make this game garbage. Poor OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32673369,Posted: 23 June,all,Kawaii-as-Fuck,♥♥♥♥ you. RIP the modding community. ♥♥♥♥ you greedy bastads.
,Not Recommended,271590,16346004,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Some Newb,"It's exactly the same as GTA 4, just bigger and slightly shinier.GTA online is a complete clusterf**k. Players getting banned for FOV mods, and even more players not getting banned for blatantly hacking. Not even fun, at this point.The single player is good. It's a big world with lots of things to shoot and drive, and that's all GTA really needs.This game introduces stats, which should be a way to have charachters with specializations but in reality ends up just being a bunch of tiresome grinding.I had frequent issues with the car damage physics, where the visual would rapidly flash between completely fixed and the actual state of the car. Gives me a headache, breaks the immersion, and drops framerates.The PC controls are very unintuitive, and I found myself needing to look back at the ""customize controls"" menu every few minutes to find out how to make my submarine decend or turn on my flashlight.First person mode is inconsistent and difficult to use, and frequently breaks immersion when the camera cuts to third person.The game also crashes pretty frequently, even on a very powerful system. (i7-4790, 2x290s, 16GB RAM) Oddly, the radio seems to be a large factor there, because it makes your processor load shoot through the roof.Audio is frequently garbled or out of sync with the animations.On top of all that, R* is being a jacka** about the summer sale, were being jacka**es about banning online users, and they even started their game off by being jacka**es to PC gamers and releasing the game so much later on PC.Maybe in a year (which would be summer sale '16) when the price drops below $30, it might be worth it. For now, avoid lining R*'s pockets for dishonest business practices and glitchy games."
,Not Recommended,271590,32436131,Posted: 15 June,all,SonicGhost,Bring back OpenIV.
30123092438291731,Not Recommended,271590,32460512,Posted: 15 June,all,тнυndercode,NO MODS NO GLORY.Seriously I ♥♥♥♥ing got on PC for mods.
76561198044078430,Not Recommended,271590,32431336,Posted: 15 June,all,Experiment21,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IS YOU WANT TO MOD THE SINGLE PLAYER
,Not Recommended,271590,32434417,Posted: 15 June,all,Ω GuyCalledJack ♥,"DONT BUY ITMore detail below :)Do not support this game, the fact that they have taken modding away from this game, which is the main reason I bought the game, I cannot say to anyone to buy it anymore.Now that modding is no longer going to be a reason to buy this game, there is no point in buying it. Even if you are not going to mod the game and you don't care about supporting a money hungry company, I still wouldn't recommend the game. The single player is good but that's really only the story and not worth the money and will not last you long and the online is only there to milk money from you with the amount of micro transactions. You can buy businesses, cars, guns and so on, but I recommend you buy them in real life cause it will probably be cheaper for you.Now to summarise...**** you Take Two Interactive and take take two fingers and stick em up your a**"
,Not Recommended,271590,32511940,Posted: 17 June,all,Serylt,"Gunrunning was meh. Didn't have much, except for a recycled Bikers Club.Take-Two-Interactive recently banned Singleplayer-Modding.Take-Two. Retract/Repeal your Cease and Desist!Sign this:https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
76561198141307129,Not Recommended,271590,32422520,Posted: 14 June,all,walkerjordan101,Game used to be fun when you could install different cars and make it more realistic. Now I will never play on PC again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32426399,Posted: 14 June,all,[ҒџпҜ] Maj. Dong,"Micro transaction hell hole grind fest, rockstar are about as generous as Scrooge mcduck with the online."
,Not Recommended,271590,32477063,Posted: 16 June,all,Slow ✡,Removing an ability to mod a singleplayer campaign is a load of horse pucky.
,Not Recommended,271590,32427081,Posted: 15 June,all,L1ONHEART IX,"Rockstar are ruining GTA for pc, getting rid of OpenIV will cripple most of the enjoyment you would hope to find on the pc version of this gameIt's unacceptable that they are doing thisDon't even bother getting this game or any other game by take two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427083,Posted: 15 June,all,[BN] kingofbadhabits,"GTA was one of my favourite games, not because it was open world or because it had a great storyline but because the modding community was so good and it had the best mods but now Rockstar and 2Kgames said modding is illegal. I would've reccommended this game before, but not anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,16384459,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Token,"Other than the scummy attitude of the devs, this game has some serious flaws.1)""YOUR DATA COULD NOT BE LOADED FROM THE ROCKSTAR CLOUD SERVER. TRY AGAIN LATER"" is a frequent screen. 75% of the time I load the game, this happens and I get thrown to another loading screen for a few minutes and then thrown into story mode. I bought this game for the sole purpose of playing with friends, and that is out of the question most of the time.2)Online is plagued by hackers who can blow you up form the other side of the map, delete your cars, delete your weapons and even your cash. They freeze the game for you and make it unplayable.3)Online is a grind. You get tiny amounts of money for missions that need to be repeated and repeated to be able to buy a car that wont leave you a sitting duck.Why should I have to spend days playing this to just earn what a hacker can earn in 10 seconds? There is no easy way to report them either, so its a ""live with it or don't play the game"" scenario.Rockstar are more interested in adding content that is ridiculously overpriced and encourages Micro Transactions in order to use, than dealing with the hackers.If you still decide to get the game after this, then take note. 90% of people will shoot you on sight. You can be driving around in a trash truck, trying to obey the rules of the road and someone will drive past and throw a c4 onto your truck, only to detonate it as they watch from their rear view mirrors. If they don't do this, they will be driving a bulletproof car and spray you, leaving you helpless.Good luck."
,Not Recommended,271590,32436421,Posted: 15 June,all,LukeRblm,"Goodbye Mods, goodbye GTA"
76561198071980293,Not Recommended,271590,32426382,Posted: 14 June,all,9/11 was a social experiment,rip mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32673314,Posted: 23 June,all,Sir K,Open IV <3333
,Not Recommended,271590,19760432,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,THEBIGDICKBANDIT,"Social Club is literally cancer, cant even validate the game i paid for. Requesting refund."
76561198072274836,Not Recommended,271590,32432802,Posted: 15 June,all,CanisJack,Just let people play mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32494230,Posted: 16 June,all,Pharos,"Take-Two , take this🖕"
,Not Recommended,271590,32454974,Posted: 15 June,all,Benj3097,Damn your excuse of an online experience you deplorables.
76561198016361310,Not Recommended,271590,32617307,Posted: 21 June,all,poky,Got this game to play missions with friends not really a pvp player. After a while it gets boring because of the lack of pve missions there are only a 50-100 of them or so that does not require pvp and they are pretty mediocore there are some that are good but after you do them 5 times it gets boring. Dont like races much so dont know how it is in that department. If you want to buy somthing expensive than be ready for money grind because i noticed that r* trying to limit how much cash you can make per hour.Single player was fun but they banned mods so yeah not that replayable in my oppinion without mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32633754,Posted: 21 June,all,Void_Stacker,They managed to screw up single player and multiplayer all at once
,Not Recommended,271590,31911235,Posted: 22 May,all,Bandito,"Game is sh*t because of hackers, glitches, bugs and some more crappy stuff. Rockstar can even ban somebody for no reason. Insane eh?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32429448,Posted: 15 June,all,BenjiNev,"GTA V at it's core is an amazing revolutionary game and a great addition to the GTA series. I triple-dipped and bought the game 3 times; 360, Xbox One and PC. Boy do I feel like a chump. I bought it mainly on PC for the mods, the main one being LSPDFR. But now with the microtransactions in online constantly being milked and the neglect of single player and now they went and attacked OpenIV has lead to GTA Vs downfall for me. The game use to be good fun but with all these excessive DLCs which are all ""free"" which lead you to dipping into shark cards through Rockstars scummy tactics of pricing all the items and an unreachable amount. What is wrong with you Take2/Rockstar. Stop being so money hungry for five minutes and let us have fun. Do not buy, end of."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429423,Posted: 15 June,all,Xiasm,"Removal of mods, mods being  the one main point for many of people buying on pc."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429427,Posted: 15 June,all,Is It Worth It?,Removed mods so they could stick more micro-transactions down your throat :/
76561198303217844,Not Recommended,271590,32429449,Posted: 15 June,all,remove,RIP GTA Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15926142,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bwae,"Update: Take Two has allowed OpenIV to continue to be available. But this doesn not change my negative review. Take Two are still greedy devolopers and I will not allow this whole thing to be swept under the rug like it never happened.Do not reccomend this game one bit. It's publisher is a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that views us, the consumer as greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s if we aren't spending money 24/7 on GTA: Online. And now Take Two decided to send the devolopers of OpenIV a cease and desist. OpenIv being a very powerful tool meant for modding the singleplayer portion of GTA V, and had failsafes to prevent users who modded their game from using online to prevent it being exploited for cheating. Despite that, Take Two deemed OpenIV a cheating tool, despite OpenIV having no effect whatsoever on the Online portion of the game. All while the hacking and cheating scene on GTA: O continues to grow and the massive grind to obtain in game currency needed to buy some of the content in the ""Free"" updates has gotten so bad that many players, (including me in my time playing GTA:O) have actually CHEERED and praised modders who were spawning cash for players just so they could actually afford the more fun things in the game.Now that Take Two has effectivly shut down OpenIV and thus modding of the game in terms of things like replacing vehicles, player models, ect. And in no doubt the scripthooks and other such mods will potentially recieve cease and desists in the future as well, effectivly killing off modding GTA V all together.Now let me just make it clear that this is NOT Rockstar's fault. Rockstar has made a great game, and have for many years fully supported modding of their games, to the point of even showcasing some of the popular mods on their own websites. And as well as all the new content we find in the game is awesome. But sadly Take Two are still pulling the strings and all they want is more money.If you haven't bought this game already, Don't. Save your money for something better. Modding GTA games has always been a HUGE selling point on the PC. But thanks to Take Two not anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,16460527,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,PaulsPickles,"This game doesnt deserve to be on the front page of steam. Rockstar is getting away with being greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and steam shouldn't be okay with that."
,Not Recommended,271590,16460592,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Joker,"Fun game, for single player. Online is just a grind-fest with quite a few cheaters (best to just play to mess around). Heists are a pain to get working because of the number of players required and mission ends if anyone leaves (even mid game).Also, this ""Sale"" is a load of BS!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,16459689,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The_Hermannator,"go fuc k yourself gta 5 marketing team, raising it to 79.98$ a week before to make it look like its on ""sale"" for 25 percent.this added with not being able to play a good WEEK after launch on pc because you didnt fix your problems before, makes it really hard to give you any credit. you are never getting one cent of my money again."
,Not Recommended,271590,16589843,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lo-fi,"80$ ""sale"""
,Not Recommended,271590,32638524,Posted: 22 June,all,Wada,"Rockstar still has not fixed the ""Player is no longer in session"" bug. It has been over two years."
,Not Recommended,271590,32438776,Posted: 15 June,all,Skelped,Bring back open iv
76561198000062818,Not Recommended,271590,32438815,Posted: 15 June,all,davidmac92,"I only play this single player and now Take-Two (the publisher) has sent a cease and desist letter to open IV, the main way to mod the game. I'm not not going to buy microtransactions for an online part in a 4 year old game I bought at almost full retail price, stop being so greedy and anti-consumer. It's too bad really, because it's the publisher doing this crap, not the developer Rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,29614523,Posted: 31 January,all,jonbitchass00,"1: Buy the game.2: Get suspended for no reason.3: Congratulations! You played yourself.Great job rockstar games. You fail to get rid of the real hackers, while banning the legitimate players. Now both sides hate you. There is even a guy who recorded his whole gameplay and still got banned lmao. I laugh at these kids who respond to the people who complain about getting banned innocently ""LOL hacker u got what u deserved"". Lol wait til a real hacker joins ur game and teleports u to them while dropping money and killing you, then getting banned for receiving the money you didnt ask for or probably didnt even need if you spent more than 3 years with the game in two platforms. Oooh think it's bullsh? haha just wait.Yes rockstar has become a group greedy snakes that hunt on it's most loyal customers because they want to send a message to hackers of how ruthless and godlike they are. FOH I wasn't even playing that much gta anymore, I was waiting for red dead 2 until I decided to play gta the other day and got banned about an hour later after 2 hackers joined the game (They probably falsely reported me themselves just for the lols since they have hacks where they are invisible and can change their names), Rockstar should know that ""with great power, comes great responsibility"", but I guess they dont."
,Not Recommended,271590,32463080,Posted: 15 June,all,Ћ Abomination Jones,"Lets harm the thriving modding community, what a great idea!"
76561197978040656,Not Recommended,271590,32451777,Posted: 15 June,all,odd-bra,F*** Take Two!
,Not Recommended,271590,32451768,Posted: 15 June,all,CKTofu,"You know what? GTA V is a good game. The single-player game is good, the multiplayer is enjoyable.However, between hawking Shark Cards for the easy microtransaction money versus actually adding more content in more standard expansions and the like, and sending a C&E to modders who Take-Two have previously featured on their own channels.I can't recommend a game with shady ♥♥♥♥ing devs, treating modders like♥♥♥♥♥♥criminals. Mods are something highly valued by the communities, and keep games like this alive longer than otherwise possible. Going after legitimately harmless mods just makes Take-Two a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. God after the online script kiddies, sure, but what the hell, Take-Two, get a ♥♥♥♥ing clue.TL;DR: Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Take-Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32451772,Posted: 15 June,all,ShobieShy™,C&D on OpenIV?Go die.-Seamus McFuqqurself
,Not Recommended,271590,17873977,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Merdi COYS,"It seemed like a good game at first as I was running it at 120 fps and found it very enjoyable. Afterwards it stated my CPU did not meet the minimum requirements and my game runs on the lowest at terrible fps even though my PC exceeds the Recommended Sytem Requirements. My CPU is an i7 4790K and my GPU is a 4GB 980 along with this I have 16GB of Corsair Vengence RAM. Sadly because of this matter I have to rate this game down, also because my friends have also had problems. I really wanted to start enjoying this game but couldn't because of this problem. If you do have an recommendations or ways to fix this matter it would be much appreciated and I would definitely change my review. Thank You.Update: My view has changed significantly. I got a new hard drive, fixed everything. It was dodgy and some how, just pulled back my other hardware and made them run horribly. Now that I got a good taste of the game it is amazing! Runs nice and smooth 120, maxed out and can have some really ♥♥♥♥ing funny moments, especially with mates."
,Not Recommended,271590,16553150,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sir Muttley,Story mode? It's ok.Online? Servers are really unstable. modders and trainer user ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just destroyed online experience.Rockstar doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about cheaters. I think they even love modders in online mode.Not touching this game again until they learn the basics of online administration (which consists of a few paid admins to ban people) [which will never happen].Destroyed a good franchise with the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way possible.
,Recommended,271590,15488803,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Welshe,Overall this game is amazing ofcourse the singleplayer is good. But when it comes to everything else its bad.I dont like how you have to restart the game everytime you change the graphics and get a long intro for the game not even a loading screenWhen it comes to the multiplayer sometimes when you invite people they cant join because it says its full or something even tho its not and random stupid bugs and glitches like that
,Not Recommended,271590,32481721,Posted: 16 June,all,Reyks,"The anti-modding fiasco has been resolved at least for now thanks to the community, but I still can't recommend this game, don't get me wrong it's a great game... but it could have been so much more.The map size was obviously held back by last-gen consoles, outside of los santos it's basically a huge empty countryside with some roads around it, not to mention the lack of a single-player expansion we were promised since the game was released, and don't even get me started on the cash cow that is GTA ONLINE.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OLD REVIEWI bet the corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at Take-Two Interactive are happy for ruining over 10 years of IV/V modding by shuting down OpenIV.♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two, you greedy selfish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I hope you choke on your precious pile of cash and sharkcards.PS: OpenIV had NOTHING to do with GTA ONLINE hacking, it was used only for SinglePlayer mods, wich makes this situation even more stupid."
,Not Recommended,271590,32638528,Posted: 22 June,all,DethEtiquette,Take Two needs to take two.
,Not Recommended,271590,16296637,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,CupCray [DFS],"Way to go for treating a community this ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Way too many loading screens, grinding like a skateboard to get ok money, microtransations, inflitaton of money in GTA since how much it has been hacked, and then cutting off modsupport for a while in Sinpleplayer.I never said unironically ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to a company."
,Not Recommended,271590,26230775,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Stimulant,Do you like buying $100 microtransaction? Do you like a developer inflating their game's economy as a direct and shameless bid to make you buy $100 microtransactions? This is the game for you!
,Not Recommended,271590,32437902,Posted: 15 June,all,Pmart_17,RIP OpenIV.Go to hell Take Two and Rockstar.
76561198073370185,Not Recommended,271590,32434927,Posted: 15 June,all,HedgehogBoy64,GTA5 is not worth it at this point i liked how the game get's update's.but alot off thing's are way too expensive and not to mention that the online game has no anti-cheat what so ever.hacker's will come out off nowhere (even tho i never come across them) and ruin the game for eveyone and it's not fair.the dev's want your money soo hard that i might say♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im out.oh yeah take 2 recently said that modding is illegalhere's the post on this.don't buy it at this point better off saveing your money on something else.
76561198075794968,Not Recommended,271590,32447644,Posted: 15 June,all,Good Christian Boy,Take Two has ruined the best part of having GTA on the pc.
,Not Recommended,271590,32457674,Posted: 15 June,all,Dayman,"Take 2 is attempting to wipe out modding for more paid DLC, and shark cards.Do not buy this game. Do not support their greed.This is a step in the wrong direction, and its disgusting."
76561198058412513,Not Recommended,271590,32441177,Posted: 15 June,all,Glazed Pickel,No more OpenIV No more reason to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥filled microtansaction piece of utter garbage.
,Not Recommended,271590,32438440,Posted: 15 June,all,Joushton,"I honestly don't understand how a Triple A company can have such ♥♥♥♥♥♥ backend protocol. It takes me 10 actual minutes to load into online and half the time it times out before connecting. The game is on an SSD and my internet is over 7 mb/s so its not my rig or internet. Couple that with really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""hiests"" and A.I. the game makes me want to pull my hair out. To top that off, TakeTwo can go ♥♥♥♥ itself. The fact that they sent a Cease and Desist to modders for the ♥♥♥♥ing game are shades of greedy kikes trying to save as many shekels as possible. If you want your community to be strong and make the game better, then they should be able to mod. Its apparent that Rockstar dont know how to have fun with a game and make it fun in the process. Yes i have over 100 hours in it but its because atleast 20 of those hours are load times."
76561197995114672,Not Recommended,271590,32438437,Posted: 15 June,all,Zettai Ryouiki,Sending cease and desist letters to modders is like beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a doctor that was taking care of your elderly parents out of the kindness of their heart.
,Not Recommended,271590,32438452,Posted: 15 June,all,Neofamous,"One of the big reasons I got this game was for the enormous modding scene and following it has. With their latest move, Take 2 has essentially gutted the majority of single-player mods. They may have degraded their online experience with heavily-pushed micro-transactions, but single-player was its own great thing for a couple years, because mods kept it going. Until now. I can't recommend this anymore."
76561198028597072,Not Recommended,271590,32808590,Posted: 26 June,all,h.krata,"The game itself isn't that bad. Story mode is awesome, the action and the style of ""storytelling"" is very well made.But GTA Online... Well... That's the other side of the coin.Gta Online would be great and maybe even better than the single-player experience if it wasn't based on just pure grinding. If you want most of the things that opens more fun aspects of the game, like cars, boats, better equipment and ""the cool stuff"", you'll need a loooot of money.The problem is that those green papers are very hard to get, and when I say very hard I mean very f****** hard. The only way to get a bigger amount of cash is to do heists which will get repetitive soon and the amount of time and work you will put in it will not be rewarded properly.There is also another way to get more money. You can buy shark cards with real cash, but the only shark card that will grant you some fun is the eight million one, which costs more than the freakin game, it's a very shady and a reputation-cracking move for a company as big as Rockstar and I think it just shows how much they don't care about their fanbase, they just see us as a freakin money bags.Not saying it's just Rockstar doing this things, but for me it's something unforgivable, because the fans and the people that buy their games got them to the highs, where they are right now.And what hurts me most is that I remember when games weren't made for just milking the community of the people that buy them and love playing them.Sorry for my english, as you can see I'm not a native-speaker, just felt like this should be said."
,Not Recommended,271590,32488974,Posted: 16 June,all,Dark Bison,"No mod support, no love."
,Not Recommended,271590,21171007,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,AJ,"So let me get this straight:Online modding- hacking, cheating, and overall ruining the fun for everyone- is a-okay. But SINGLERPLAYER modding- changing the graphics, gameplay, and so on and not ruining anyone's experience (BECAUSE IT'S SINGLEPLAYER)- isn't okay? It's bad enough that Rockstar is too lazy to create better anticheat, but it's even worse that Take Two decided to make something completely unrelated to online modding ILLEGAL."
,Not Recommended,271590,32569294,Posted: 19 June,all,Fosite,If GTA5 doesnt care about the community than I can not recommand the game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,271590,32569283,Posted: 19 June,all,rcpbull-(PURE),Go to hell Take Two and Rockstar
76561198091152397,Not Recommended,271590,26365567,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Landaman,"Rockstar Support pport is absolute garbadge. The game itself is pretty fun, minus GTA Online which will give you the most hours. In GTA Online you used to be able to earn most things with some hard work, with the exception of a few things which you could get for under $20. Now, most things cost $40. Fron heists an on, look at the DLC item prices and you'll see what I mean. Overall, don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,26418742,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Albert I of  Austria,Banned theft Auto VSomeone else hacks on the server i also get banned nice
,Not Recommended,271590,28527141,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,c00key,Unnecessary banwave and insane prices especially for spezialized cars
,Not Recommended,271590,32438950,Posted: 15 June,all,Dick's,"Take-Two is trying to kill modding by shutting down OpenIV, one of the big tools for singleplayer mod creation.Aside from that, the microtransactions kill online and turn it into a pay to play arena. Performance on AMD chips is also sketchy at best as in there is a seemingly random vram leak on the 290x that has persisted since release on PC."
,Not Recommended,271590,34542597,Posted: 27 August,all,lettersnumbers,"Still an awesome game but it would be nice if the anti-cheat worked. Instead, they just take money from legitimate players and leave all the modders alone."
,Not Recommended,271590,28399788,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,d00b,"I get home from work and wanna chill out and play gta online before I go to bed.10 Minutes: Load into online.10 Minutes: Join CEO, almost finish mission, CEO leaves, get nothing.15 Minutes: Loading back into online. Nothing happens, restart.13 Minutes: Loading into online.10 Minutes: Drive around and do nothing.Log off go to sleep.I started loading GTA online at 10:54. It's now 11:07 and I just now got in. Absurd."
,Not Recommended,271590,15746199,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Goddamn Windows98,The only reason I bought this game is for modding. Your GTA ONLINE is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Here's my dislike for shutting down openiv.
76561198135568812,Not Recommended,271590,32517014,Posted: 17 June,all,Kattenelvis,Save the modding community
,Not Recommended,271590,32634501,Posted: 21 June,all,FunnyGamer,"Take Two has taken two steps too far. This is to say nothing of the awful, awful online grind worse than the most greedy korean/russian MMOs, designed to get you to drop exhorbant amounts of money on shark cards."
,Not Recommended,271590,32441182,Posted: 15 June,all,raldor46,rip mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32441185,Posted: 15 June,all,Miles Dingus,"Amazing game, I bought three copies: One for Xbox 360, one for PS4, and one for PC. However I cannot recommend, as Take 2 have sent a cease-and-desist to OpenIV (the largest modding program for GTA5) and the management of GTA:O has been horrible (bans on innocent players while hacking is rampant). I wouldn't support this company if I were you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32441180,Posted: 15 June,all,Chapacco,Thanks for not supporting modders.
76561198001099107,Not Recommended,271590,34517518,Posted: 26 August,all,Chucken Niggets,make money in game and rockstar takes it away
,Not Recommended,271590,34570609,Posted: 29 August,all,Micha!,"Currently I would not suggest to get this game for online purposes. You cannot buy anything because Rockstar ""anticheat"" will take your money away even it is legitly farmed. For exmaple. playing some double money jobs and selling a car will result in money loss."
,Not Recommended,271590,32529802,Posted: 18 June,all,Zaft,"So for playing two years, and over 2.3k hours of playing online. Spending so much money and time on this game, R* bans my account for having the ScriptHookV. The trainer only works for single player in fact it will freeze your game if you attempt to use it online. I know this because I've accidentaly log online using the d-pad on my xbone controller. I've even put the trainers files in a folder so it will not activate when I go online, but I guess having it in the game folder was a mistake. I've tried to contact support but they use the same copy paste robotic answer all the time no matter what I asked of them. If youre going to buy this game make sure you buy two if you want to mod the game. In fact you need two computers to fully injoy the game. One PC for modding and another for playing online. Also they will NOT unlink your steam account with your social club account. Even if you are innocent, your out of luck if you're to start over again. So this is why you should buy two games with two different steam account for each game."
76561198141463721,Not Recommended,271590,32595608,Posted: 20 June,all,Max Fanboy,WHy not allowing mods!??
,Not Recommended,271590,32435058,Posted: 15 June,all,Flippy,"You killed mods and most of the people that play your game. I got this on the 360 and I finished it, I got it on PC for one reason and one reason only;Mods.But hey, I guess spending £80 isn't good enough to give me the rights to mod a game how I want.♥♥♥♥ you guys, I hope someone gets fired for this and I hope to god you lose a lot of money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32493144,Posted: 16 June,all,2Lt Keown [20th AIB],"Whilst GTA V was an amazing game in its time, we've seen R* and Take Two become greedy for $$$$ after failing to create singleplayer DLC. This is a step backwards from GTA IV. Singleplayer DLC doesn't make as much money as releasing 'free' DLC, in which new content is too expensive unless you buy 'shark cards' in the real world.Now Take Two have decided to ♥♥♥♥ over not only the entire modmaking community, but those who enjoy playing GTA V with mods. Mods don't make money in their eyes, so the best plan of action for them is to completely ban mods alltogether.What was once a genuinely amazing game has become a very dull cash grab operation.10/10 Take Two, BZ.♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,29886686,Posted: 12 February,all,Dr Schmeltz,"GTA OnlineDoing CEO missions as usualNo modsNo cheatsNo money dropsCrates onlyFinal destination""Yo dude, we are banning you for a month and deleting all of your stuff, sorry for your loss.We won't tell you why though."" - says Automated Rockstar Anti-Cheat System™I went to Rockstar Consumer Support to ask why i was banned""Because F you, that's why"" - says Automated Rockstar Consumer Support Bot™I went to Rockstar forums to search for people with similar problemActual modders and cheaters make lots of threads saying that they were banned for ""no reason""so if i make one then i will look like a lying A-holeI went to internet to find out why i was bannedTurns out the most probable reason was that i had Fraps, Teamspeak and OCCT running in the background and Rockstar hates that for some reason60 bucks well spent"
,Not Recommended,271590,24250819,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TheTrueMac,"The most devestating things about GTAV for PC is Rockstars lack of support for creative community servers. There has never been a game more ripe with potential for custom servers that simply does not support it. Life servers on GTAV would be groundbreaking. A completely amazing Role Play experience, tossed out the window by a company primarily focused on draining the players of their money by keeping a tight grasp on every players in-game currency.You might say, ""you are buying this title for the single player and the expansive world"". No, I bought this on XBox 360 and PS4 for those things, I bought the PC version for FPS and community servers. It was written in stone that Rockstar would support online servers and mods. What they actually support is their 100% vanilla, Social Club Economy-driven, play style and absolutely no modding on the online front at all. What they meant was, they don't care what you do with your single player, but multiplayer is off limits. Really? Biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥move ever made, seriously.If you've played it before on any other platform, skip it, PC version is VERY MUCH NOT WORTH IT. The game has an amazing story that is movie worthy, but the online experience is one of the most tragic stories in gaming history. When Rockstar held GTAV ransom for in-game purchases.  Rockstar just hasn't figured out the online experience yet. Some will deal with it, but their stuborness has resulted in some epic let-downs.If you haven't played it before, ONLY get it when it's on sale.PS: In-game comms = AIDS"
,Not Recommended,271590,33273116,Posted: 5 July,all,Pinkie Pie,My friend was banned once for collecting moneybags that cheater tossed in his face. Ban has passed. He joined online and was immediately banned permamently without explanations and opportunities to appeal. Now I am afraid to play this game. Good work Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,32442231,Posted: 15 June,all,Wilhelm Tell,-rep for killing the singleplayer mods...
76561198309327497,Not Recommended,271590,32635133,Posted: 21 June,all,jtkennefick,No mods
,Not Recommended,271590,29585036,Posted: 30 January,all,[PolarisGames] Slipperybrain,"You can be banned, hacked, kicked, and killed for no reason at any time. Over a hundred hours in and things got so bad that I had to switch to console.Do not buy this game on PC. Whether you think the story is great or not, and no matter what your thoughts are on Online, do NOT purchase this PC version. There are hackers everywhere, and it's getting progressively worse. And Rockstar's idea of punishment is banning people at random, meaning you could lose hundreds or thousands of hours in the blink of an eye.No matter how much of an elitist you are, buy the PS4 or Xbone edition. The servers are much more secure, even though you'll still run into squeekers and Russians."
76561198049204747,Not Recommended,271590,29595614,Posted: 30 January,all,Covert Raccoon,"As many others have been saying lately, Rockstar has turned to mass-resets of players that flat out don't deserve them (maybe in hopes they'll buy Shark Cards to regain their stuff?).  I never thought I'd see this game fall to 'Mixed' reviews, but, yes, it's that serious.  I had 4-500 (some transferred from X360) hours of work reset simply because there was a cheater in the lobby.  I entered FOUR tickets to them trying to explain what happened only to get copy-and-paste responses each time.  One of their finer support staff couldn't even be bothered to replace ""{ }"" tags with values in my response.Cheaters have always been a problem in the PC version and Rockstar is taking the worst route imaginable to correct the problem instead of fixing the root cause.  Stay away from the game until Rockstar sorts their stuff out."
,Not Recommended,271590,34547113,Posted: 28 August,all,LazyCat hellcase.com,"Hackers... hackers.... and again, hackers....... Nothing special, just hackers. But today was a special day tho, I found something new. Gues what? HACKERS!"
76561198158143603,Not Recommended,271590,34547227,Posted: 28 August,all,mperestoronin,"Let’s make this clear. This is about GTA online and it is about a specific glitch. This review doesn’t affect single player BUT can tell you a lot about the developers and online mode. So i have been playing a lot of online recently. Few days ago, a new dlc was announced. At that time i had 5 mil dollars so i had enough to buy some basic things in the new dlc. But suddenly Rockstar decided to f##k me over and took away 3 mil dollars for no f#cking reason. Legit earned money, hours of burning grinding were removed. So i decided to contact support i though that Rockstar anti cheat system is just broken and they will get me my money back. But guess what? Rockstar ♥♥♥♥ed me over again. they said that they have removed illegally earned money from my account. So what the f#uck do u mean by illegally earned money? Playing the game is now illegal? you deiced to f#uck me over right before the dlc and you are lying about illegaly earned money. Now i have to admit that i did unfortunately received somewhere around a mil dollars from a Modder. This IS not MY fault. This is rock starts fault that modders are ruining my gaming experience in their game. I did receive around 1 mil. Modder teleported all players and started dropping money, i tried not to pick it up but i wasn’t able to move (Modder blocked us). So it was ok if Rockstar would remove 1 mil dollars from me its fine BUT Rockstar didn’t remove 1 mil. They removed 3.3 million. Legit 2.3 million earned money. How does that make any f#cking since? I will remove this review if i get my legit money back. This can tell you a lot about the developers..."
,Not Recommended,271590,19534309,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,bob,Hackers outta control
76561198062523506,Not Recommended,271590,34945542,Posted: 14 September,all,Reincor,"well the game used top be good... then rockstar saw dollar signs.  Myself and our community took advantage of the rewards and bonus money on the missions for the update.. while staying away from public lobbies to escape the modders as you do if u want to do things the ligit way, yet the update gets released and they still decided to take a few million of mission grinding money to try force us to buy shark cards. bad move guys, if its getting money is all you care about the what you are doing is complelty counter intuitive.  not very bright are ya rockstar.  oh and notice how all the loyal players over 100 hours review is vs players under 100 hours... nice touch messing with your game reviews.would have recomended this game years ago.. would not recomend it now to save a life"
,Not Recommended,271590,32586482,Posted: 20 June,all,Maze,Take Two interactive has ruined the singleplayer experience for their money. Do not support this product.
,Not Recommended,271590,34494913,Posted: 25 August,all,Picard,The most money hungry game i've ever seen. Everything is overpriced.
,Not Recommended,271590,30443175,Posted: 11 March,all,Latitude,More hostile than Rust.Modders everywhere!
76561198032334704,Not Recommended,271590,30327372,Posted: 4 March,all,xSuit,"This is game is a very very great game, don't get me wrong.... But, for some odd reason R*(RockStar) likes to ban people for reasons that they can't justice what so ever.For example: I got banned for recieving modded money which other wise I could not decline. I didn't know the player whom sent out the money, but everyone got in the server. I spent the money OFC, who wouldn't. Afterwards, the next day I go to play Online and boom.... I am kicked for the lobby and recieved the message: You are Prema Banned..... This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. After opening a ticket with proof that I was not a modder. Form verified game cache to game folders one by one. I sent R* all of these and I get a message telling me that they don't undo perma bans. EVEN THOUGH I HAD HARDCORE EVIDENCE THAT I WAS INNOCENT. So, I've moved on and started playing other games. I still want to rejoin the game... I'd even give up both of my T20s, My Rank, My Sultan RS and Banshee 900R.... HELL EVERYTHING... But, I'd never get that privillage.I hope you find this review very helpful.And Remember once banned you're doomed..."
76561198120496431,Not Recommended,271590,34748693,Posted: 4 September,all,NighttimeMike,1.$70 game filled with microtransactions.2.Bans people for even being near a cheater3.Freeroam is just a ****fest of people killing eachother in invinsible vehicles4.Everything in the DLCs are overpriced and force you to use microtransactions5.GRINDY AS ****Was good before the DLCs but they ruined everything. They added vehicles that made it impossible to do anything in freeroam and made everything rediculously overpriced.
76561198128498553,Not Recommended,271590,34688211,Posted: 2 September,all,T_E,"Didn't cheat, lost all Money.¯\_(ツ)_/¯only stripclub 10/10  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198154335141,Not Recommended,271590,34633980,Posted: 31 August,all,TRSTN4,SCHEIT
76561198201186251,Not Recommended,271590,34743799,Posted: 4 September,all,Little062,"All the dlcs are just milking the same idea, new adversary mode rips off pubgDidn't cheat and got bannedBought a shark card and didnt recieve it"
76561198053235061,Not Recommended,271590,34715111,Posted: 3 September,all,Joshwaz,got banned cuz someone dropped money on me gg
,Not Recommended,271590,34913229,Posted: 12 September,all,MEW1023,I know that many people have had money taken from their account and some have been completly purged. Guess who was in the lucky few. They said I had cheated and reset my character. I was a level 268 with all of the things like bunkers and warehouses. But they reset my character and banned me for 30 days. I thought the game was fun but now having to start over with nothing for no reason really annoys me. I will continue to play but I will never buy a shark card.
76561198012977355,Not Recommended,271590,34792969,Posted: 7 September,all,Rainbow Dash,"R* maybe make a great game but the way they totaly ignore the comunitys wishes, and often sabotage them is a discrace.Stay clear of this company."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443894,Posted: 15 June,all,Windows 9,"Anti-Consumer practices prevent me from recommending this game. Not only has the publisher made it clear that you are just a wallet to them, but now they are attacking the single-player modding scene as well. This is unacceptable and will not stand.This is one of my most played games, and yet I cannot advise purchasing it. For Shame, Take-Two."
76561198076607076,Not Recommended,271590,32443901,Posted: 15 June,all,Indigoyena,Modding? Illegal? Hah! ♥♥♥♥ you guys. Have fun not making any more money every again
76561196749262146,Not Recommended,271590,17926332,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Grumpy,"Got banned by ♥♥♥♥♥tar because a Modder unlocked all weapon skinson my account and made me explode people.10/10 would get banned by ♥♥♥♥♥tar and waste 60€ on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game never againinb4 bs ""hackers cant ban"" he explains it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z36A0lA5R2Q"
76561198291037712,Not Recommended,271590,28516111,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Herman Li,This is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I got banned for no god damn reason. Theres a huge♥♥♥♥♥ban wave going on and is banning innoccent players. 4 of my friends got banned from this game.I got a ♥♥♥♥ing perm ban ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar go suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I spent 60 bux on thsi piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and it goes to waste.
,Not Recommended,271590,23884512,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GEP,The Servers are completely ♥♥♥♥ed
,Not Recommended,271590,26187778,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[}ZKT{] Fiskerman,"I keep getting banned from GTA Online for no reason, i never modded the game or anything like that.Single player is great though i hope Rockstar game can fix their anti-cheat detection cause now its banning people that dont deserve it."
,Not Recommended,271590,24143411,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MrLagzy,"If you want to play this online and don't have a clan/crew/friends to play around with, you're gonna have a bad time.Never have I experienced a game where cheaters roam free of no consequence. It's ridiculous just how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the Online part is. Whenever I log in, it takes less than 1 minute before I get shot in the face or exploded by a flying helecopter. It's ridiculous just how much space cheaters get in this game. Feels like Rockstar doesn't even care about its playerbase... Sorry if you feel otherwise but with evidence like this, it's quite simple they're just letting the cheaters go and not caring at all.Now the single player is of course, as with the previous games, awesome but the ONLINE part should keep it the game sustainable for longer than just a story mode, but it doesn't. The online part is a ridiculous joke and proves that Rockstar has no idea what they're doing when it comes to maintaining an online community."
,Not Recommended,271590,25054545,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Grape Man,"First I though that the people complaining about getting banned for no reason were just stupid to get banned. Now I understand, I myself got banned for no reason, after trying to appeal the ban I got an automatic response everyone gets that didn't answear any of my questions, so I just waited out the ban. The day my false ban expired I had no money that I've been saving up for some time. Next day after my ban expired I got banned again this time for a month. I got the same email that listed out every possible rule violation and not the one I'm being accused of. Appealing to the band gave me the same result as last time, an automatic message that doesn't help me at all. After this one month ban I'll probably get a permanent ban."
,Not Recommended,271590,28519031,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ringfinger Leonhard,"While Grand Theft Auto V is a good idea and started out well, now it's barely worth $15, let alone $60.Pros :- Great singleplayer with memorable characters and fun missions. In my opinion the best thing about the game.- Great graphics, extremely well optimized- Gameplay is fun, but I highly recommend using a controller, especially for driving and flying.Cons :- Multiplayer is a mess, and in my opinion isn't even worth playing.- Everything in GTA:O is expensive, from cars to clothes to guns and to apartments.- Despite the high prices, making money is done through repeated grinding of heists and missions. While your first time doing Pacific Standard heist will be tension-filled, high-paced, and satisfying at the end, you won't feel any of these emotions when you've been doing the heist over and over again for hours, just to buy a plane or a car.- Activities such as CEO missions and Biker missions are at best repetitve and at worse simply not worth doing. With a good helicopter there's no reason to do anything other than the CEO missions for money, and even then it takes hours to make a profit, if your entire shipment doesn't get destroyed by a griefer in a hydra jet or a hacker.- Hackers run rampant. Expect having to change servers frequently to get away from players who teleport around, blow up your cars, and strip players of their weapons.- Always, but especially now, you run the risk of your account being banned for no reason. When this happens, don't expect Rockstar support to help. Even characters that have hundreds of levels and millions of dollars risk being deleted for suspected ""hacking"", and have no hope of being restored.TL;DR : Buy it when it's on sale for the singleplayer campaign. Avoid GTA : Online like the plague."
,Not Recommended,271590,29555389,Posted: 28 January,all,tyrbeowulf,"A big part of a game is the community. A good community equals a good game, and a bad community equals a bad game. the overall community in GTA Online is good, but Rockstar has given too much power to a single person, allowing them to ban whoever they want, effectively slowly turning the good community into a bad one. In fact, I was banned very recently when an angry player reported me. It was either that or a modder gave me guns, which I did not ask for. The probelem with GTA is that the innocents get punished and the hackers and salty community get off scot-free. This equals for a bad game that's progressively getting worse. Rockstar needs to wake up and see what's happening to it's beloved game before it spirals into a former shell of itself and eventually crashes and burns."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443675,Posted: 15 June,all,Joethefish,"rip funBack in 2014 the Avalanche Studios CEO said something along the lines of them being honoured to have their games modded. At the time, he was refering to Just Cause 3, which now has a huge modding community.GTA V has a huge modding community. However the developers would ban hammer you the second you walk into MP with even a single slight mod. JC2 and 3MP devs worked out how to disable mods automatically, to avoid the need for ban hammers, well done Rockstar.Rockstars parent company, TakeTwo have now made it illegal to mod even the SP of GTA V.GTA V was great fun with mods, even hilarious. However, all I now see is a simulator of three people's $hitty lives and hyper inflation.Fantastic..."
76561198038220383,Not Recommended,271590,32634431,Posted: 21 June,all,zGRIFFINz (OST),I'm here about the ban on modding. Don't buy it from this point on. Its too late...
,Not Recommended,271590,16391463,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Smithy,"Rockstar is a really greedy company. They try to sell you money for the online mode for real cash. Then on top of that for the sale they jack the price up to 80$ so it discounts to the real price of 60$. Sure, you get a shark card for that useless online cash. However, with how prevalent online trainers and hacks are in their HORRIBLE online peer-to-peer system so everyone has billions of dollars. Even if you don't hack you play long enough and someone will spawn billions of dollars ontop of you whether you want them to or not - so that shark card is useless."
,Not Recommended,271590,16475362,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Avihay1989,"nh-d15 + i7 4790kkingstone beast 32GB DDR3 ramGigabyte GTX 1080 G1 gaming 6gbsamsung 1tb 850 evo ssdasus sabertooth z97 mark 1 last biosEnermax platimax 750wfractal design R5Windows 10 x64 pro latest updatenvidia driver #368.39Better now but, still annoying issues !!the game doesn't seem to use all the gpu power when shadows and grass filter on ultra, in wooded area's there is 30fps lock and the games feel laggy and the gpu on 60% useage.loading times for the game in between sessions is pain in the a$$.when waiting for mission for players could be forever*********************** B-E-W-A-R-E*************************************too many cheaters/hackers/modders and rockstar do nothing******"
,Not Recommended,271590,32466052,Posted: 16 June,all,Ehcsro,Just bought this ♥♥♥♥ing game on PC 2 weeks ago for mods now they are getting rid of them. ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two and Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,32435494,Posted: 15 June,all,Madame Director,"I've spent over 500 hours in this game. When they wanted me to make an account for their dinky little social club, I did. When they charged exorbitant amounts of in-game money for items online, I would grind for hours. When I heard characters make degrading jokes about people like me, I gritted my teeth and looked past it. I did all of this because I knew that on the other side of these things was freedom. I didn't have to be like the other people in this world, or the other players online. I could buy a cheap pickup truck and drive down the highway, looking out over the ocean on a beautiful sunset as I eagerly anticipated arriving at my modest home in Paleto Bay. I could download some files off the internet and my single-player game would have me going to work at an office, obeying traffic laws, living out of my car while saving for a one-bedroom apartment. I put up with everything because I paid sixty dollars for it, and this game was mine. With the recent actions Take-Two and Rockstar have taken against the modding community in favor of a micro-transaction fueled online environment, I can no longer take ownership of my copy in good conscious. GTA is no longer a game full of freedom for me where I can really be myself, it's a game where I can pay Take-Two more than sixty dollars for less of an experience. Don't buy this. Please."
,Not Recommended,271590,30009945,Posted: 18 February,all,MrKamikaD,"Singleplayer Story is simply great. All i have to tell about it :)BUT I have the same story as everyone riding the enormous BANWAVE in GTA:O. Two weeks ago I received a monthly ban, for the generic reason of ""Violation of EULA"". No other specific reasons were given to me or could I find out on my own.What actually happend the previous day, was a modder joining my session. He spawned fireplaces, jet engines and other random stuff inside of everyone in the session, which led to killing people even in safehouses or in passive mode and not even giving chance to report the guy (The report must be done via ingame menu and once you're killed, menu is closed and you're forced into death screen). On top of that he unlocked all the weapons for everyone in the session.Next day was fine, I was playing with friend. At some point a high reputation level guy picked on us. We decided to smack him, and we did it pretty well. What I basically was doing, was stalking him (as he did before) and headshoting him, since he was barely moving at all. He reported me for cheats along with his friend, who was giving him solid support this way. That was evening.The next morning I tried to login to Online I saw message about being suspended for a month. No particular reasons given. I sent multiple tickets and I called the customer service just to be ignored. For all the questions I asked I received same responses: ""It's not within our duty to answer/do this"", ""We don't have such knowledge"". The support only told me about what can be possible reasons for banning, and warned me to play fair.I was banned from Online for a month after about a week or so from starting it and grinding in it. I never used hacks nor I have modded the game in any way. Whole my progress from playing plenty of hours daily is wiped. Next ban I will get will be permament, even if it's unjust and I CAN'T even appeal it.Imagine all the veterans (numerous of people actually got banned for nothing) loosing their progress or even access to game.ALL THE ACCOUNT BANS AND SUSPENSIONS ARE FINAL AND ARE NOT TO BE APPEALED.The game has got automatic anti-cheat which is not supervised by any means. Anti-cheat doesn't check content of your folder nor of the game and neither it checks changes in game engine or any addons. It bans you based on your stats in game. THIS SYSTEM IS VERY FAULTY AND YOU CAN'T APPEAL THE BANS!TL;DR - You can get banned for modders in sessions affecting your account or even for being incredible player. Bans are final and cannot be appealed. Your progress and characters (all) are wiped. You can get only two bans, second is permamentIf you're into GTA V single player story and you're willing to pay the price for it alone and treat Online as addition, go ahead, pay the money, game is wonderful. However you can be ripped for no reason from the online part of the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,29584647,Posted: 30 January,all,trusstee,Shark card DLC...
,Not Recommended,271590,29609811,Posted: 31 January,all,XDDdddDDD,"I've been banned for modding in a solo session of GTA Online. I wrote a appeal and asked if i could buy my character back (I didn't know that the character would be reset by cheating) and the support replied twice with unhelpful answers (You are banned till xxx, bla bla bla next time permanent). They didn't even listen to me and now I lost my 750 hour character for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reason. Rockstar is Ignorant and treats their customers like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'll never buy a Rockstar Game again and I hope more people realize how screwed you are when you have a problem and need support from Rockstar.19. 2. 2017 - EDIT: I've made 4 Tickets now and I've explained how unjustified the ban actually is and they have never answered my actual question. I hope Rockstar dies as a company.23. 3. 2017 - EDIT: I GOT BANNED FROM GTA ONLINE ONCE AGAIN (NOW PERMANENT) WITHOUT DOING ANYTHING!!! I got banned even tough I uninstalled and deleted everything! It's unbelieveable how terrible rockstar is when it comes to anti-cheat. Let's wait until they reply to my rockstar support ticket.24. 3. 2017 - EDIT: They replied to my ticket with their EULA and Terms of service page and they don't appeal bans anymore...WHAT? THEY DON'T APPEAL THEM BECAUSE TOO MANY PEOPLE GET BANNED?THAT'S BECAUSE YOUR BANNING SYSTEM IS ABOUT AS RELIABLE AS A PIECE OF TAPE THAT IS SUPPOSED TO FIX THE LEAK ON THE SINKING OIL TANKER!!!YOUR BAN POLICY POST HAS A 22% RATING WITH20 THOUSAND DOWNVOTES!!!YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ ARE SITTING ON MOUNTAINS OF MONEY AND YOU TRICK PLAYERS INTO BUYING THIS GAME FOR ONLINE ONLY TO BETRAY THEM BY SAYING THAT THEY PAID FOR SINGLEPLAYER AND THEREFORE DON'T GET THEIR BAN LIFTED??? IS THIS A SCAM??? THESE GUYS EVEN DELETED MY COMMUNITY POST!!!Rockstar lost It's name for quality and became money hungry. They are ignorant and don't care about their customers. They ruined the name ""GTA"" for me and I can't believe people still support them. I've played GTA for over 6 years and they managed to annoy me away with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Rockstar, you just lost a loyal fan.19. 6. 2017 - EDIT: Now that this whole OpenIV thing happened, Screw Take 2 and Rockstar even more. Anyone could have expected that this stupid decision backfires spectacularly like it actually did. This is absolutely ridiculous and it looks like Rockstars ignorance and incompetence in treating customers well carries over to Take 2 interactive. Very sad.11. 7. 2017 - EDIT: I can never play GTA Online on my steam account ever again. The Steam and Social Club accounts are permanently linked and there is no way to unlink them. This means I'll have to buy this game on a second Social Club account again and it won't track my hours through steam and It won't give me a steam overlay. I'm basically playing the same version but ♥♥♥♥♥ier. Really? I pre-ordered the game through steam and this is the type of♥♥♥♥♥♥I get? I even bought a shark-card and I can't play GTA Online on steam anymore.So to sum it all up:I pre-ordered the game from steam for 60€, I bought a shark card, I cheated IN AN INVITE ONLY SESSION ALONE WITH A FRIEND TO HAVE FUN and I got banned, I got banned again permanently even tough I uninstalled everythingWHICH I COULD NOT PREVENT IN ANY WAYand I can never play GTA Online through steam again.THERE WAS NO REASON TO BAN ME IN THE FIRST PLACE BECAUSE I NEVER ANNOYED ANYONE WHICH IS THE ONLY PERMANENT DAMAGE SOMEONE CAN DO TO THE GAME!!! THEY COULD JUST RESET MY STATS AND BE DONE WITH IT!!!There is a difference between cheating money for fun and annoying other players. Annoying others is permanent damage, They will get annoyed and not forget it. I don't do permanent damage when I do this stuff alone, It was basically singleplayer cheating except with one friend who was OK with it.THEY COULD JUST RESET OUR STATS!!! WHAT'S SO HARD WITH RESETTING A PLAYERS STATS? I ALWAYS FIGHTED AGAINST CHEATERS AND CONVINCED OTHERS NOT TO DO IT. I WAS AGAINST ANNOYING OTHERS WHEN I DID IT WITH MY FRIEND AND I STRICTLY DIDN'T WANT TO RUIN ANYONES EXPERIENCE AND I STILL GOT BANNED.SERIOUSLY? THIS IS LIKE FRIENDLY FIRE, ROCKSTAR!!! JUST THINK ABOUT IT FOR A SECOND AND YOU'LL REALIZE THAT THIS WHOLE THING JUST CAN'T BE JUSTIFIED!!!I'm done with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for now! I enjoyed the game so much and I got banned for such a stupid reason. All I can do now is create Tickets on Rockstar support and watch how they Ignore me. I was the biggest Rockstar fan and now they're worse than Apple.Ripping people off behind their back and nobody notices. ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32532820,Posted: 18 June,all,a chaser of ball,Downvoting in protest. They should focus on singleplayer content.
,Recommended,271590,15390904,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jeza,There once was a publisher named Take 2Who wanted to take mods away from youWe called them on their♥♥♥♥♥♥While Rockstar bit lipsAnd now Take 2 ain't laughing and beaming no more
76561198211711316,Not Recommended,271590,29560200,Posted: 29 January,all,Unseen87510,"Pros----------1: The single player is a masterpieceCons----------1:GTA online is garbage2:Social Club drm3:Shark CardsIf i buy a game, then i expect to be able to play it whenever i want. Unfortuantely, that's not the case with this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32490295,Posted: 16 June,all,Sir Warren Twinkelote,"First of all: They just forbid modding. Even singleplayer modding. My review will stay negative irreversably.My full comment on this in German to be found here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/syping/recommended/271590/Secondly, the game is NOT worth the full price. Beginning with the ""optional"" money cards that must be purchased for real money, because in-game stuff is EXPENSIVE and would take months of grinding (unless you're lucky to meet a kind cheater which there's plenty of, yet not all are kind at all)Thirdly, the PC ""port"" is TRASH. I sincerely, honestly, from my heart am saying this. The least annoying part are the tiny menus that you must scroll through with arrow keys (because mouse controls in menus are so bad that I'd classify them as ""not working""). They are irritating and usually I can barely find what I need.A little more annoying is the tiny-tiny minimap that you cannot enlarge permanently (despite having so much space on the display).More annoying is the aim system. Basically, the ""controller folks"" have a helping auto-aim. They can shoot you in the head from over 250m consistently and you can't! (Yes, I may be bad in GTA5 but hell, not that bad considering over 3k hours in CS in total)The most annoying: HELICOPTERS ARE UNCONTROLLABLE. Quite literally. Even after my aircraft control overhaul. You are and will be inferior to those who have bought a controller (that's yet another peripheral device to pay for; keep in mind the game price)Do you think I am picky with my critic points?Here are facts from the multiplayer:*It's a spread issue, that player who had bought in-game money (""shark cards"") haven't received them. Search for: ""didn't receive shark card money gta5"" - support either doesn't care or simply doesn't help.*Much Cheaters. Many false-positives. Such ""anti-cheat"" system that asks people to manually report cheaters. Wow.*Only 4 messages long chat history - meeting sane strangers is nearly impossible*Multiplayer, jobs, lobbies take at least 1-2 minutes to load. Google suggests ""gta v"" for the term ""loading screen simulator""*Online lobbies tend to get emptier over the course of 15-30 minutes. Or you get a timeout before that happens. You are forced to join another lobby and endure loading times*The game has become so grindy, that players are mostly friendly to those who make money instead of battling with them. Or you simply join a friendly crew lobby and keep doing missions to grind money for the next buy.The game looks beautiful and has plenty of potential. However, I will not ever waste money on a Rockstar/TakeTwo creation again. It was only fun thanks to my friends, but not the game itself."
76561198255872988,Not Recommended,271590,32495160,Posted: 16 June,all,Dusty Flop,"Bloody ballocks. Being a modder, It REALLY hurts my feelings that T2 went down to road to give a D&C order to OpenIV.If you think of buying this game to mod, don't even bother."
,Not Recommended,271590,34761926,Posted: 5 September,all,Ledo,"Didn't cheat, got banned."
,Not Recommended,271590,34762096,Posted: 5 September,all,Rocky,"Rockstar made it a great game, and then Rockstar ♥♥♥♥ed it up. Enough said."
76561198150594786,Not Recommended,271590,32673302,Posted: 23 June,all,Monica,"Said they would allow modding, took everyones money then went back on their word."
,Not Recommended,271590,34858772,Posted: 10 September,all,resh,FIX UR GODDAMN SOCIALCLUB
,Not Recommended,271590,34699974,Posted: 2 September,all,DDG Hideo Kojima,"Too tired to write a review, heres a TL;DRRuns O.K. , Looks great, great story, terrible multiplayer.Get it for $40<."
,Not Recommended,271590,34865787,Posted: 10 September,all,MOSAIK,"I bought this game about three or so years ago for the story mode and I really enjoyed it. The story is great and is full of fun and challenging content. I continued to play for the online content after I finished the story. It was a lot of fun playing with friends whether it's messing around and driving, or doing the heists. BUT, the game started to change for the worse. Money is hard to get so theres very few ways to make money in fun ways, one way was heists on double $/RP weekends, however new heists were never added and so they began to get stale and felt more like a grind for money instead of being fun. In addition to that, if you were playing on a public server there was a high chance of someone being a modder and giving everyone hundreds of thousands of dollars, even if you never asked. To be honest, that was the best way anyone got money without grinding out hundreds of monotonous missions or exploiting old glitches in the game e.g: selling expensive cars (Which hasn't been possible for a few years now.).I understand that R* wants to make money, but the base game is still $60 dispite being released for console late 2014, and PC Early 2015. It has a lot of issues that they can fix, but they don't.( like the long loading times, not being fun, going into single player to make a multiplayer lobby, etc.)  Instead they want to punish people who got money illegitamitely, ( so they can make more money from their dumb shark cards...) even if they never asked for the money from modders... And if you didn't spend all that money on cars or other very pricey new 'free' DLC gear, it's most likely all gone, except for about 20K in funds. Yeah, okay I get it- You have to work hard in the game to make money, that wouldn't be so bad if every way to make money is boring. On top of that, any new content is gonna cost well over 1 million points to get. In my opinion, R* taking away illegit money away is just a superficial fix. People modded money because getting it is too boring and hard, and you need a lot of money to have any fun.Maybe I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they took away my legitamite money I ground out with friends doing the pacific standard heist, even though I got money from a modder on the public server over a year before. But I know that any desire my friends and I had to play this game, is now gone.TL;DR: if you want to play the game for the single player get the game some other way so you don't have to pay the full price. If you want the game for the online content I wouldn't recommend it. It's fun at first cause it is new, but it will get stale really fast once you see all the flaws."
,Not Recommended,271590,34621107,Posted: 30 August,all,svmmit,"Story is great, Multiplayer is trash.On PC there is just too many modders online and Rockstar doesnt seem to have enough creativity in the online field to create something other than ""stock up!"" and ""now deliver without being destroyed!"". and even with that, they manage to create the most boring scenarios such as literally driving a FedEx truck across the map at a top speed of 60kmh for about 40 min to put boxes on doorsteps. There just arent too many ways to generate cash in the game while actually having genuine fun. It's at its best when you find that 1 out of 1000 lobbies where everyone is just messing around and you get a truly fun experience with randoms.That being said, the story mode is great. Lovable characters, interesting conflicts, great gameplay, and an overall story that is just easy to be able to get into. They nailed the visuals as well and even if you arent impressed with that, there are more than a handful of ENB and visual mods that you can install to get the game to your liking."
76561198067237112,Not Recommended,271590,34701724,Posted: 2 September,all,The Mitcher,"The game isn't worth it anymore. It's had a boring grind type of playstyle since 2015. Unless you have a group of friends that don't mind sitting down for hours doing a slightly faster, but still boring grind. I've bought this game 3 times between console releases and finally a PC release. The only reason I've survived this long is because of Netflix on a 2nd screen. Modding and hacking hasn't been fixed once, everything is unfairly expensive based on the income you receive, each ""new"" DLC just brings overly expensive garbage and the past 2 DLC's earn you a slower profit then the previous ones. Free DLC is great, but the model they have used is a huge slap in the face to someone like me that wants to enjoy a game. I hope this is the last game I buy from Rockstar Games."
,Not Recommended,271590,34864442,Posted: 10 September,all,[TOP] Thomas,"After spending several weeks farming cars/guns/drugs ahead of the new Smuggler's Run DLC,  the imbeciles over at R* felt it was necessary to remove 86% of my money due to ""cheating"". I received an automated email saying they received my support ticket, but still have yet to hear back from them.NOT COOL stealing from the ""legitimate criminals"" in the GTA: Online world, Rockstar, NOT COOL AT ALL.Deal with the people hacking weapons and god mode into the game before you start trying to fix the broken economy."
,Not Recommended,271590,28763276,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MooseyGoosey,"Game is great. Customer service is awful. The PC Platform with GTA Online will ban you randomly for using third-party applications like Ventrilo, Discord, TeamSpeak, Xsplit, OBS.....makes it really had to stream and play. Their new ban policy will also delete all of your in-game progress and restart you from the beginning. You can call and call, email, submit tickets...they won't do anything. Their staff is strictly adhearing to a policy that requries them to just read the policy to you and hang up."
76561198219029068,Not Recommended,271590,30002124,Posted: 17 February,all,[ Arshavin ],"Good Offline Story GTA VBut on online :95% players in GTA V online = CheatersBan , Ban , Ban , suspended ,suspended ,suspended , For Nothing but Cheaters are free in GameDont Buy Shark card , rockstar reset your save and your character For nothing , only waste my time and my moneyRockstar support suck and Ridiculousif you want play GTA V online = waste your time and your money"
76561198106483305,Not Recommended,271590,32777659,Posted: 25 June,all,PapaWombat,I WANT MODS YOU SUCK I HATE YOU
,Not Recommended,271590,32444148,Posted: 15 June,all,AlphaArBar,"Modding is what keeps people playing a game for many years afer it is released. Mods keep games fresh, alive and interesting for many PC gamers.To take this away because you're not making money from it just goes to show how much the people behind the game care about you and your experience with their games. They don't. Unless they're making money, they're not interested in what you do for their game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32463814,Posted: 15 June,all,R005T3RK1NG,"They removed mods. In singleplayer. Why else do we play on PC. Great game, awful awful awful customer service. They♥♥♥♥♥♥you for money in the online, and have just taken a HUGE chunk from the singleplayer. Oh. and all the hackers are still there in online. They have only worsened there own problems"
,Not Recommended,271590,32484388,Posted: 16 June,all,Walker,I stand in support for OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32527442,Posted: 17 June,all,Admiral Ufolog,"Did you think GTA 4 is the worst game of whole series? NO! GTA 5 is much WORSE! This is surprisingly stupid game with ultimately terrible online mode. Story mode? Just play one time and forget forever - its very far from masterpiece. Gameplay? Car physics is not good, damage model is very strange, etc.Online? It does not worth the money paid for the game. Very monotonic gameplay, lack of missions, not just unfriendly players but highest concentration of cheaters/haxors in freeroam session, stripped down gameplay, player is strongly relied on farming and/or microtransactions (hello, korean MMORPGs!), bans for nothing or just for being victim of cheaters (whereas cheaters are not banned in most cases. I know even case when player was banned for official ""Criminal Mastermind"" achievement because technical support decided 10 million bonus from achievement is too much), inadequate technical support... And this is just a peak of an iceberg! The only way to play online mode in GTA 5 is to play with trusted friends, but there is still no guarantee to dont get ban in future.Mods? Forget about mods. TakeTwo and Rockstar decided that any player has no rights to modify game, and in future they can even harm ordinary players for mods - they already do it with developers of modding tools.I can give only one advice about this game: DONT BUY IT! And i dont recommend to buy any next game from Rockstar and TakeTwo. A lot of players bought GTA 5, they made ""The most selling game"" real for Rockstar. How players were rewarded for this? Only with a spittle in the face."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420411,Posted: 14 June,all,Girl gamer,Getting banned for no reason at all what so ever!
,Not Recommended,271590,19148386,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Punished Succ,"This game itself is great and can have a lot of fun in the single player with mods and other stuff however there are ALOT of problems with this game such as (mostly in the multiplayer)Atleast a hacker/modder in a server (I haven't been in a lobby without any hackers and it just annoys me now, it's not funny when there are like loads of jets and tanks in the city and random explosions, it was funny the first time but after 40 times of doing it, you're just being an @sshole. I can't even play this proply with my mates cause of the amount of cheaters there.I don't dislike mods, I love mods but when it's used in multiplayer, thats where it gets out of hand.Rockstar have done some shady stuff in the past as you can see with the other reviewers but I can understand them trying to ""dismiss"" the mods because a lot of people are using them in online but I can assume that's not the mod creators intentions and were for singleplayer use only. I just hope multiplayer gets sorted because it can be fun when everything works.I guess that's one of the downsides of playing it on pc"
76561198099264033,Not Recommended,271590,34518126,Posted: 26 August,all,Иєmizzi,"After Rockstar decided to clean out all the modded money, I was desperate for money so I could buy things like ammo and new DLCs. Seeing as how all the non-hiest jobs pay dirt and the hiests require a 4 man team, I decided to sell two of my best cars (about $5,000,000 worth with the upgrades), for which I was given a petty $2,300,000 which is under half of what I paid. I sucked it up and went back to playing. I signed on today (less than a week later) to a notification saying ""Rockstar Game Services have corrected [my] GTA Dollars by -$2252009"" which is a solid 95% of the money I got from the cars. This is insane.TL/DR: Rockstar stole my fairly earned $2.3 million so I'd be forced to buy one of their shark cards."
,Not Recommended,271590,32653553,Posted: 22 June,all,Harukaze,WTF Rockstar just reset my cash that i got so hard from heistF*ck off!!
76561198123381116,Not Recommended,271590,32437816,Posted: 15 June,all,Zoros3112,Screw you take-two....
,Not Recommended,271590,32479123,Posted: 16 June,all,Melody Cloud,Well done Take two you have just lost alot of trust from the communityOn behalf of alot of people. ♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two
76561198045382256,Not Recommended,271590,32437827,Posted: 15 June,all,Bob1004,"GTA V singleplayer is a fun heist story with fairly likeable cast and entertaining quests.Everything else surrounding the game is an absolute mess.GTA Online is just not fun, especially if you are new. One can queue for a questline only to be messed up over and over again by random people. Also, log on to the server, be immediately shot by someone from a helicopter for no other reason than high level players having little else to do than to bully everyone else. Also, heists have the fun of the singleplayer with the added benefit of long wait timers and being called a retard or some other slur if you make any mistake. GTA Online is very unfriendly to new players, besides being a vehicle for an obscene amount of microtransaction. All future singleplayer content has been axed to nickle and dime players online. It is just not fun to play, especially without a large group of friends.I would only buy for single player and even then only on sale. Its a fun singleplayer story, but if you play for that the publisher obviously does not hold you in high regard as you don't pump money into their virtual currency.Also Take2 is axing modding on PC, so that's another black mark. Come on, if you don't want to publish any more singleplayer content in favour of yachts or whatever, at least let someone else do it. Modding is a venerable tradition on PC and the recent attempts by publishers to make money from it without any work is inexcusable."
,Not Recommended,271590,32441114,Posted: 15 June,all,♫Sinopia,Take2 Interacive decided to take out Modding just so they can get more money out of you playing the♥♥♥♥♥♥GTA Online.
76561198105777534,Not Recommended,271590,32571706,Posted: 19 June,all,Captain KYS Scrublord//NUT,"Scummy practices, micro transactions, and ""free"" content that you would need millions of dollars and time to get, and taking down the modding tool ♥♥♥♥ you take two and rockstarEDIT: Just because they are going to roll back the Cease and Desist letter to OpenIV doesn't roll back how they were considering and willing to take that course of action ♥♥♥♥ing over the player-base and ♥♥♥♥ing over the modders adding life to this game."
76561198062530533,Not Recommended,271590,19337917,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Señor Burrito,"Single player = hours of funGTA Online = garbage, the amount of cheaters in insane, lobbies crash all the time, reporting hackers is useless"
76561198070577671,Not Recommended,271590,18948125,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zarcy1,"Good game, played it on PlayStation3 was good then, is good now, my biggest concern is their lack of an ""anti cheat"" engine (For those who like to play online as GTA is known for). They might have one, if they do, this is news to me. Why? Because the amount of hackers I've found in the game, either they're dropping millions of dollars for everyone, or (like they normally do) blow everyone up with a ""kill all"" button blowing entire lobbies of players up countless times till that lobby is completely empty, I like the game I do, GTA is one of my favorite non medieval games, but when playing online, with the amount of hackers or ""modders"" as the community calls them, I really don't care what you call them, a hacker, modder, cheater, exploiter, glitcher, I don't care it's all the same thing, a law breaking player who breaks the game. GTA has a lot, in my opinion, generally when I play through out a day I find roughly 1-2 per lobby of more than 15 players... It's awful. It's like DarkSouls2 Scholar of the First Sin all over again, same deal too, it was a good game, but when pvp came into play, there are a lot of cheaters... Hopefully, RockStar can ""fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; before GTA 5 turns into DarkSouls2 again... A dead game, lol. I payed 60 bucks to play the game, when I know a handful of hackers have admited to not paying for the game at all, instead are playing on a cheated game and just cheat all day... End of Story. Cheat when they get on, cheat when they get off... all the way through... Please fix this and stop sending out new content to be ruined by cheaters. This btw is a negative review. I do not recommend this game until RockStar fix their anti cheat."
,Not Recommended,271590,25719428,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,kadabra,Ban everyone. It's fine.
,Not Recommended,271590,33039649,Posted: 30 June,all,BioChemicalWolfGear,"Online play is terrible.  Easy to beat, grindy, hostile community.  You're no longer allowed to mod.  So the gameplay doesn't change at all now.  I personally am fine coming back here for the singleplayer story, but the need for me to relive it happens about once a year.  So replayablility is absolute zero to one percent.  GTA V Had a really great start...now we're watching its end."
76561198006095211,Not Recommended,271590,16346972,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NaCl,"The online is a mess of loading screens and poorly designed interfaces. if your mainly interested in the single player then I can recommend the game, but if you were looking forward to the online experience like myself you’re going to have a hard time overlooking the huge flaws in this game."
76561198083475162,Not Recommended,271590,16424936,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kern Hawkins,"Home to the worst multiplayer in any game I have ever played.The last time I played this game I was queing for PvP battles.  Much longer loading/wait times between matches compaired to anything else I play for short/small battles but ok it's going along.  I do a couple of battles then land in a custom map.  Yeah Rockstar decided to let people use a map editor to make any kind of map they want.  This one had golf clubs as the only weapons.  Except for a tank hidden off to the side that only the map creator knew how to get to.After that battle I realized that to be competive in GTA V online I would have to make a map and do the same thing.  But that's not my style and instead that was the last time I played this game.There are other big problems with online too, like autoaim.  Mouse and keyboard users don't have autoaim which I though was a big improvement.  Autoaim is a lowskill system for gaming.   Later I found out that if you play with a controler you get autoaim and are in the same battles as people without it using M/KB.  (autoaim allows for almost instant headshots without even trying if you know how to use it)So thumbs down.I will say though that the offline story mode is cool.  It is to GTA IV what San Andras was to GTA III.  I got a few laughs out of it and might go finish it one day."
76561198006247927,Not Recommended,271590,32637584,Posted: 22 June,all,Trigonometry,"Its been a long time since I playes GTA-V and to me I was impressed....and thats it really. I say I didn't get sucked into it as much as previous GTA titles. Maybe its an age thing or I just simply prefer the classics. GTA-III all the way.I never got into the online side of GTA V knowing there would be micro-transactions. Something I will NOT get sucked into it, especially with online DLC and Shark Cards. No way in hell am I burning my money when paying for the game itself should be enough in Rockstars point of view.After hearing about the modding community I am severly disgusted in Rockstar as they have never had a problem with modding so long as it never affected online matches which is understandable. But to outright ban modding completely you are taking away something that most gamers want. Creativity and sharing. Look how long games like Skyrim, Oblivion, Witcher, Mass Effect has survived due to the modding community. Mods are amazing especially when done by the right people.All I can say is people will NOT forget this, Rockstar/Take-Two.  Even if you lift the ban, this will not go away.Good luck with GTA-VI because people will NOT fall for the same trick twice. You are on notice.Goodbye Rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,34775810,Posted: 6 September,all,SEXYPARABOLIC,Grand Theft Auto 5 WAS a grat game. Now the game is just a continue grind.
76561198129038696,Not Recommended,271590,34965199,Posted: 14 September,all,Wackfish,"This ""game"" is basically an overhyped version of corporate greed where Rockstar puts you in a open world los santos and all you can really do is buy shark cards. Oh you wanna have fun? You are just 10.99$ away with the new SHARK CARD. SHARK CARDS SHARK CARDS SHARK CARDS SHARK CARDS. could have been so much better"
76561198072331804,Not Recommended,271590,35232997,Posted: 26 September,all,LeeDaegon,the game was fun on release but now is full of hackers and community is pretty bad. devs only care about micro transactions now its a giant cash grab
,Not Recommended,271590,35243352,Posted: 27 September,all,Atlas Argomuse,"If you get this game you will be falsely accused of cheating, and then get back a snobby remark from Rockstar saying you are a cheater and they refuse to lift the PERMANENT ban, you can't go online after that and it makes this game worthless, just stick to playing it at a friend's house, don't waste your money for the PC version that you can't mod because it's frowned upon and even the slightest mod will destroy your progress and can't be lifted."
76561198069904962,Not Recommended,271590,34885861,Posted: 11 September,all,Tyrianes,"The single player is super. 9/10Graphics are okay.Gameplay is very goodMultiplayer: 5/10And here's why.FULL OF HACKERS that destroy your gaming experience.Game is greedy and you must grind alot to pay yourself whatever you need.Each update bring something so expensive that it kind of push players to buy their Shark Card microtransanctions(money ingame).This kind of practice made me loose hope on Rockstar and Bethesda.AND please: the game is still 69,99$....."
76561198040980901,Not Recommended,271590,35272632,Posted: 28 September,all,bananaman dan,have f̶u̶n̶ attempting to make money in online mode.
,Not Recommended,271590,35384618,Posted: 1 October,all,Switorik,"Game has awesome potential but...somethings missing. I remember a day when developers cared about their games and not just solely about money. This company is about greed and doing as little work as possible with the intent of getting the maximum amount of sharkcard sales possible.What brings this game down is:CEOs/VIPS/MC make all the money, associates barely anything.Online is full of Hackers/Modders/Griefers----> It is way too grindy. <----Good money making methods are limited to grinding heists / I/E / passive bunkerRockstar takes money from legit players while hackers get a slap on the hand.I really want to like this game, however I feel their intent is 100% money and 100% disregard for the quality of the game. It has too many bugs and lack of QoL improvements."
76561198347515318,Not Recommended,271590,34990081,Posted: 16 September,all,Mr.Meeseeks,♥♥♥♥ing Hackers Everywhere !
76561198033879457,Not Recommended,271590,35031938,Posted: 17 September,all,Luke,"Good engine, good graphics, well made, immersve world.Same zany characters and mad missions you can expect from any GTA outing in singleplayer.GTA online is an outrageous cash-grab, and it's infuriating.I have never purchased a shark card, and never will, and I have played GTA Online from release day. I couldnt play for the first 48 hours, I was stuck in a loading screen for a race.But every update,♥♥♥♥♥♥gets more expensive, every update,♥♥♥♥♥♥gets more RIDICULOUS.Armored cars, Armored trucks, ability to purchase a jet, rocket bikes, homing launchers.Take Two simultaneously make things less attainable (nerf misison payouts, nerf freeroam event payouts, nerf race payouts), whilst also adding grind mechanics (Cargo, import export, biker businesses, gunrunning, and now air frieght) whils ALSO adding more griefing tools. ( aforementioned weapons and vehicles, and a slew of new jets and attack helicopters).They WANT people to cave, they want people to buy shark cards, and its obvious, it smacks of it.Thanks to Take Two this game has becomethe very example of consumerism and brainwashing that Rockstar parody.Also, I have purchased the base game 3 times, have you not made enough money from me?"
,Not Recommended,271590,35318591,Posted: 29 September,all,Oxide206,"Single player is a masterpiece, which shouldn't surprise you with a Rockstar Game.The online portion, what was supposed to give this game life after you beat the single-player story, is so riddled with hackers and modders that it isn't worth playing. If you have a modder give you money, even against your will (they spawn money on top of you and it goes into your wallet as soon as it touches you) you risk Rockstar taking that money away (which they should) while also taking your actual hard-earned money (which they should not).Couple their complete joke of a tech support system with the fact that this game is still going for full price more than two years after it's port to PC and three years after its initial release, and I just can't reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,271590,34904572,Posted: 12 September,all,Phoenix,bad netcode and worse customer support
,Not Recommended,271590,35348887,Posted: 30 September,all,BrickermanPalooza,What would be a great game is ruined by Rockstar's money-grubbing attitude and abysmal DLC policy.
76561198423684917,Not Recommended,271590,35096380,Posted: 20 September,all,Anal Treatment V2,"Literally just bought the game within two days and got banned for a whole ♥♥♥♥ing month for being ""associated"" with a modder (at least, that what they told me). This game is good, but the company that made it are scumbags."
76561198064849052,Not Recommended,271590,35228297,Posted: 26 September,all,Jon Snow,Just putting down a negative review cause rockstar likes to take away peoples hard earned in game money. they even took money away from them when they bought shark cards! lol rockstar you are♥♥♥♥♥♥ you are no better than any of these game companies.. no wonder gaming is going downhill. microtranscations DLC.. it's not about gaming anymore its about money. greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s all i got to say
,Not Recommended,271590,34822073,Posted: 8 September,all,SynisterJeff,"The game of GTA V in itself is amazing, I have owned it accross three different platforms. One of my favorite games of all time. I would give it a 5/5 from its original launch.However, if you plan on playing the online version, don't waste your time. That is where I spent most of my time playing and it if full of hackers that can modify your account without warning. And Rockstar fights this by earasing weeks of your time and effort put into this game (that you have to grind out in order to afford anything fun without micro transactions) by using an automated sytem that resets your account to what it thinks it was originally. And if that happens you are SOL becuase they don't care about how upset they make their customers, as long as they have others still giving them money. So I say to not give them your money, or your time. This company does not deserve it."
76561198028784249,Not Recommended,271590,35199071,Posted: 25 September,all,dsp996,40 minute loading screenjoin lobbyleave appartmentinstantly get set on firechat talking about some hackerat the mercy of some 12 year oldthis is my life nowrespawnget put in a giant cagearmored car slides around trying to run me downdieleave40 minute loading screenjoin another lobbyleave apartmentsoon teleported into a boxpolice office literally begins sodomising mechat begins talking about some hackerat the mercy of some 12 year oldleaveGet invited to a lobbyOpen up social clubremember why I hate social clubaccept invite40 minute loading screenscreen goes blacksee my own disappointed reflectionquestion my entire life leading up to this pointclose gta 5open gta 4call Romancousin lets go bowlinggta 4 is 10/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32493888,Posted: 16 June,all,99 memeing,Do not buy this game unless Take Two allows OpenIV again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32509548,Posted: 17 June,all,Kirad,"This game has a long history with the modding community, but now it seems to have decided to cut those ties for a little bit more money on online, even screwing over people who only enjoy singleplayer.Now they've encouraged people to pirate a older version of their game to play with mods, i don't get how can they be so stupid and money grabbing, if they would have done it in a smarter way..I'll list the decisions that ruined this game (there may be more or they may be in the wrong order)Not adding a single DLC for singleplayer since initial release(but they'll add new stuff for you to buy on online with their sharkcards)Banning people for modding on online freemodeIntroduction of shark cardsReduction of payout massively in every mission possible to encourage buying sharkcardsNot giving a single ♥♥♥♥ to what their community says,Not adding a ACTUAL antihack since releaseBanning Open IVStill having the same glitches, bugs, loading screens that take more than 30+ minutes, crashes, so on.Horrendous Online and Modding policies"
76561197976063733,Not Recommended,271590,34610661,Posted: 30 August,all,FatBlackLady,Might as well be a mobile game.
,Not Recommended,271590,34609666,Posted: 30 August,all,norther71,"Good game, but greed and idiocy from the publisher, producers and hackers is poisoning the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32653744,Posted: 22 June,all,Han,"Removing all mod support for a game that really only shines through mods? Genius.I will not support these companies in the future, and I would insist others do the same - at their own discretion."
76561198212339955,Not Recommended,271590,34602798,Posted: 30 August,all,FractalFace,"Hackers, a lot of them. and game play is more about farming the same basic crap repeatedly then waiting for your timeouts coz God forbid you might earn the money fast, but if you wanna pay or hack your way to a millionaire, rock star is your best friend."
,Not Recommended,271590,34610185,Posted: 30 August,all,Whininghippo,I enjoyed this game until Rockstar decided everyone was a hacker and they started taking away money you actually earned.... all they want is for you to buy shark cards
,Not Recommended,271590,34611458,Posted: 30 August,all,KartoshkaNoga,Rockstart took 10 millions of my legit grinded money and just made a week of my life wasted. Dont buy this game people. Good players will get screwed over by rockstar while hackers gonna blow you up teleport you and spawn objects on your head.
,Not Recommended,271590,34884577,Posted: 11 September,all,KAi,"Why the hell would you delete two of my garages, 20 cars and more than half of my money that I didnt even cheat, just because other hackers give me money doesent mean that I cheat. I didnt beg for it and I still get♥♥♥♥♥♥for it. Its unfair to me."
76561198177885855,Recommended,271590,22025356,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Tyrone78008,Spent half my time loading into the game 10/10
76561198090461601,Not Recommended,271590,32484886,Posted: 16 June,all,Texas Infidel,♥♥♥♥ rockstar... keep pumping out the same broken♥♥♥♥♥generic dlc.. shuts down modding because they suck and cant afford red dead redemption 2.. suck balls♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32896037,Posted: 27 June,all,Ziggy,♥♥♥♥ Take 2. they're a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who dont know how to run a company. Save your money or buy a different game.
,Not Recommended,271590,16331325,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Moustachio2,"Buy Grand Theft Auto V & Great White Shark Cash Card - £38.98 (25% off)Buy Grand Theft Auto V - £39.99 (0% off)♥♥♥♥♥♥move Rockstar,♥♥♥♥♥♥move."
76561198003845601,Not Recommended,271590,32706233,Posted: 23 June,all,gagetmorris,Build the wall!
76561198146223370,Not Recommended,271590,18798594,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,magnum,hackers/stuttring when drivng and rockstar dont care
76561198091539446,Not Recommended,271590,32610785,Posted: 20 June,all,Classy grandpa,Take 2 has really pushed the shark cards to a whole new level. What makes it worst is that I have now seen hackers more then ever Like in every other lobby its just hackers killing whole loddys worth or players and then take 2 trys to take down a free and unrealaded modding tool. god damn it
,Not Recommended,271590,32610768,Posted: 20 June,all,Lilz,due to the modding being now banned gta is not worth playing and i wish i could refund this game ♥♥♥♥ you take two for ruining one of the best modding communitys which included your own busy from making the money from GTA V mods
76561198182864959,Not Recommended,271590,28591508,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ballsack_Jack,"I was driving around and someone started to drop money, so I get banned. I call rockstar but they didn't do♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198023998663,Not Recommended,271590,16414148,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TheCatmansOutoftheBag,♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar and your stupid sale. Save $2 without the cash card during the Steam sale..
,Not Recommended,271590,32533839,Posted: 18 June,all,Gilgamesh,"Trash publishers are disconnected from reality, give money to them and you are funding corperate greed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32459585,Posted: 15 June,all,Rocking_Star101 [Ω],"(Updated Review after R* statement)It's good that R* realized their mistake & are starting discussions.I'm still going to keep my review as a Negative though, because this whole mindset has left a bad taste in my mouth.GTA:V is a pretty good game.  I've always been a fan of the GTA series.The singleplayer missions are pretty fun to play through, &modskeep the experience going for (literally) an infinite amount of hours.Important Note about MP:-If you're buying this game for GTA:Online, be aware that it has a lot of issues (since it's release thathaven't been fixed at all)  & a TON of hackers roaming about.R*s policy about banning hackers is basically that you can hack as much as you want,unlessyou hack cash.  So keep that in mind.Don't waste your money.I literally don't give a sh*t about this game anymore.  Haven't touched (hacker ridden) Online in months.The few good things about the game was made possible using OpenIV.If I could get a refund, I'd take it in a heartbeat.Get your brain back, T2"
,Not Recommended,271590,32611624,Posted: 21 June,all,Michael,What happens when a good game is handled by a bad company? Grand Theft Auto V happens.
,Not Recommended,271590,32457018,Posted: 15 June,all,水流くん,Sensless mod ban
,Not Recommended,271590,32440662,Posted: 15 June,all,UKZz HELLRAISER,"Worst Grand Theft Auto to date.With the right friends, it can be fun, sure.Grand Theft Auto IV was a lot better in so many ways. Physics and story are key points, just to name a few.This game seems as if it was designed solely for Rockstar to squeeze every last penny out of your wallet with Shark Cards. You want to do anything in this game? You better get yourself sixty Megalodon shark cards, or work your backside off for the rest of your life, because prices in this game are well over the top.Oh, you managed to make enough money to buy that new content? GUESS WHAT! Here comes Rockstar taking away everyone's money because apparently, having over one million means you're cheating!Want to have fun? Absolutely not! With AI that seems designed to ruin your day, plus phone calls and messages screaming ""BUY NEW DLC CONTENT!"" every five seconds, you'll be pulling your hair out the second you step into this game.And now, Take Two Interactive has put a stop to the OpenIV project. A project which focussed on mods which made the game much more enjoyable for those who wanted it, without affecting vanilla online gameplay in the slightest.What do you do if a community-based modding group is about to make your terrible game sixty times more fun for everyone?Send a cease and desist, because you're jealous and can't let that happen."
,Not Recommended,271590,16330692,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kurisu655,"I know I've played a lot of hours of this game, crossing Xbox 360 and PC, but I still feel like the game is lacking from the ""upgrade"". The graphics are good, but there are way too many things wrong with the game. Bugs that need to be fixed and are causing time to be wasted due to them. This can include the fact that it crashes a lot for no reason and being disconnected from sessions for no known reason.The second bad thing about this is the use of mods in online. Why? Can't you just play the game legit and work your way up? Instead having access to everything at a stupidly low level. Expect the level locked items. And the fact that mods allow to be invunerable. This neeeds to be sorted by R* ASAP. And the last bad, is the new DLC that has been released, Ill-Gotten Gains, which has insanely high prices and pretty much requires you to have money from modders or buy a lot of shark cards. No way am I buying shark cards, not worth it.The support is a complete joke. Any problem you have with GTA, they respond with an automated response, which most of the time they tell you it has been ""patched"". Clearly patched when you're experiencing it now. It is almost pointless contacting them because it takes too long to sort out a small issue.Good points? Well, like I said at first the graphics and maybe the amount that is available in online. That's about it.Overall? 4/10 maybe. Or 5/10. This may change if Rockstar sort everything out and release a ""decent"" DLC.Edit after IGG part 2: It is nice to see more content, but is still seen as ""expensive"". Nothing really new has been added. The same stuff, just slightly different. Not being different that the Flight School was, as it added something completely new, but wasn't the best, and to be honest, it wasn't really bothered about it. I will also add that the game has become even more unstable to a report of people having bad frames, even with a decent card.Edit after Freemode Events: The first all ""free"" DLC, meaning not buying anything within the game, which is good if you don't have much money and gives other means of earning money within GTAO. It becomes boring after a while because the events repeat and sometimes you get the same event twice in a row, which is annoying. A possitive note is the fact that items that were special from last generation are now back in from the patch.Edit after Lowriders including Halloween Surprise: I'm not a Lowriders person, so I found this update a little boring and expensive. There is a lot of customisation, but find that players have the same livery, being flames, which removes the uniqueness of the car. The Halloween update was okay with the new cars with unique features, but the masks were expensive and had problems with buying them.Edit after Executives and Other Criminals: I'm not going to even bother.Edit after January 2016 content: What was the point in these? For one they are in the wrong class entirely and the Banshee had to be updated because it was slower than the sports version, which makes no sense considering how much money it cost to upgrade.Edit after customs classics: Why more lowriders? Donks? Really? New cars? Not really. All they did was reskin a few cars, that suck already, and made them suck as well while being overpriced. Didn't buy them anyway as I see them as a waste of money. It gets worse that they release 3 cars and then release more one by one so they make more money from Sharkcards. They have no real use in freemode. While some of the clothes that came with it were Okay, but I find myself not using them because I lose my outfits when I change outfit, and once again R* blame the players for them disappearing, yet actaully it came from the January 2016 update and has not been patched yet. (April 2016) Oh, and pegausus vehicles have been lost after this update, and yes R* once again blamed the players for this, until finally admitting this was their problem."
,Not Recommended,271590,22198687,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Custo in Chicago 🏃,"As of the recent events for Grand Theft Auto V, I can no longer recommened Grand Theft Auto V.So, lets start off as to why I can’t recommend this game anymore.  This first part will be geared towards consumers who play the game unmodified and don’t plan on modding the game at all, you’re just getting the game for the multiplayer.  Also just focusing on mutliplayer, because I think that’s the biggest apeal to the game as of now.  Most players don’t buy GTA5 now for it’s story.Grand Theft Auto V’s multiplayer, also known as Grand Theft Auto: Online, is a ♥♥♥♥ing grind fest.  For those who were there from the beginning  (the start of GTA:O back on Xbox 360 and PS3) and continued playing all the way until now, should have enough in game money to enjoy any and all the new content that is released to GTA:O.  Any new players who join late, are pretty much boned.  Unless you’re a player who enjoys grinding, and I mean grinding hard to get cool things.  Unless you’re like me, and you like the cars that are spawning in traffic, then you’re fine.  But if you like those cool new sports bikes, or classic lookin’ sport cars that are on only available if you purchase them through the internet (in game internet), you should be planning on spending well into the millions of in game dollars to afford anything.  This is done on purpose by Rockstar to try and encourage players to buy Shark Cards.  Shark Cards are Grand Theft Auto V’s micro transactions.  This is the games main source of income, even years after the original release.  Plus, you’re still being charged 60 US dollars to get this game new.Since Shark Cards are the main source of income, since the Gunrunning update, a lot of players in game bank accounts were altered.  PC players lost millions of dollars.  The players that seem to be the most affected, are players who grinded for their money and didn’t buy Shark Cards.  I don’t know if I was affected as well or not, since I have yet to load into multiplayer since the Cunning Stunts: Special Vehicle Circuit update.  Those players are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and rightfully so.  This dumb decision by Rockstar to try and get players to get Shark Cards by tweaking their bank accounts is absurd.  Rockstar can claim that they made these changes to adjust hacker’s bank accounts, but this is affecting all players who have never cheated (or modded for that matter) and earned that money legitly.So if you plan on getting the game for the multiplayer, be warned that you are probably going to get boned by Rockstar at some point… unless you buy Shark Cards.  If you’re okay with that, then this is your game!  Also, watch out for the hackers.  Rockstar has NO anti cheat to stop the hackers, and has made every chance they could to stop the modders.  Do note, that I said modders and not hackers.  Just so you know, have fun with that.If you plan on getting the game for it’s single player, then go for it.  It’s a pretty good story.  I wouldn’t say it’s as good as Grand Theft Auto IV’s story, but that is just me.  The story takes place in Los Santos, San Andreas and country side north of the city.  You play as three protagonists, kind of living their lives.  Until one of them♥♥♥♥♥♥off a Mexican drug lord, which causes them to rob a jewelry store, which causes one of the protagonists to realize that the other protagonist isn’t friggin’ dead, which causes him to hunt said protagonist down, then that protagonist also pisses off the drug lord, which causes both of them to… spoilers?  The game is like, four years old now.  Whatever, the story is alright.Alrighty, so, the recent event on modding.  Holy crap.  So, I’m a player who loves modding.  I got into modding back when I first played Grand Theft Auto IV on the PC.  I have since branched off into other titles, but if it wasn’t for GTA4, I wouldn’t be where I am now with the knowledge and experience the game has tought me.  This decision by TakeTwo to shutdown the modding scene for Grand Theft Auto V (and for that matter), all of the titles that they publish, is upsetting.  I can’t believe they would attempt to shutdown such a big community who enjoy the games that they publish.This has been going on slowly over time, since the release of Grand Theft Auto V on PC, and it bogs my mind as to why.  Rockstar has always seemed to encouraging of modding, showcasing mods made by the community for GTA:III, GTA:SA, GTAIV, and even GTAV.  Of course, they haven’t showcased any mods as of recent on the Rockstar Newswire, but still.  Regardless, this decision by TakeTwo and the bank account balance change made by Rockstar has really made me make change my mind recommending this game, or any of the titles that TakeTwo publishes.It saddens me to see a game series that has allowed me to see games from a different perspective get shaffted in a way, that will not allow any new players see it in this way.  At least, from GTA’s perspective.tl;dr-I seee youtube gta iv very nice character... But i hve play gta v very bad character... Example thigh girl fat/big... Boob not normal... Lol"
,Not Recommended,271590,32568843,Posted: 19 June,all,FunkeymonkeyTTR,"Single Player is great, i keep getting this Online glitch that is deleting my ammo including ammo for guns held in my office (firework launcher) contacted r* support lets see if this will be fixed"
,Not Recommended,271590,32698320,Posted: 23 June,all,RRA_BlamZie,"Plain 'n simple, no moddy moddy = shoddy shoddy!"
,Not Recommended,271590,16332418,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Most Valuable Faggot,"I pre-ordered the game in January so this non-sense doesn't concerne me, but still wow jewstar, you are really doing this ? this game was released 3 times (Xbox 360, PS3, then Xbox One, PS4 and then last PC) and you can't put it on sale during the summer sale ? What kind of person raises their game price just before sales so they cost roughly the same as before ? Did you throw all the money you made with this game ? This is unacceptable"
,Not Recommended,271590,29777800,Posted: 8 February,all,ControL♥FPS,"Most overrated game of 2013-2015.If you're thinking of getting this game, just torrent it. The devs made the multiplayer peer to peer, therefore it's full of cheaters and pretty much unplayable, so you aren't missing much. Not only that, but by buying their game on multiple consoles (like a lot of dumb ♥♥♥♥ers did) you support them releasing games on console first, then on pc a year later.If you support this, you're a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot.If you didn't buy this on console and really want it, then go ahead and buy it, but you should seriously pirate it... don't give money to those fools."
,Not Recommended,271590,29778332,Posted: 8 February,all,VRG,"Rockstar's Money Making TechniqueLet hackers rule Online Mode.Permaban Innocent dude for being online at the wrong time.Professionally inform him/her that the only way to play online again is to purchase a new copy of the game.And before accusing me of cheating or lying, I have NOT been permabanned from GTA Online, this is just a conclusion derived from over 20+ reviews from my friends, also after I have experienced the torture from these hackers.Even if Rockstar does unban innocent players, many of them have to go through a long process till they actually get unbanned. Also, I have a 100 hours on the Story Mode and the rest was online till I realized how sick the mode is."
,Not Recommended,271590,18825778,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,JshKlsn,"Rockstar deleted my GTA:O character, and can't do anything to get it back for me.Thanks for literally deleting my money."
76561198237811270,Not Recommended,271590,19881909,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jaszy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRl2oSeEpMgOnline is infested by hackers that will affect your gameplay: they spawn all kinds of stuff on youthey can crash youthey can frame you by killing one in your namethey can lag you outthey also think they are doing something right by giving you stuff you don't want or have not asked forGod mode scripts in Deathmatch? GG RockstarCrazy speed and controls in races (Skiddies)? GG RockstarYou wish to do a heist? well f u, nobody will join because all the stupids are too busy begging the script kids for free money dropsStill think you are going to enjoy online play?They can remove all your weapons, your ammo, destroy your vehicles without being bad sport, making you get more bad sport by using those god forsaken scripts!In the end, the single player is really neat - like most other GTA used to be, Online is just turned into a script mod for preteen runaways"
76561198056278602,Not Recommended,271590,32788637,Posted: 25 June,all,Bob1419,Got banned for doing nothing after 165 hours of playing and they dont review bans so I lost everything and cant even get them to email me back telling me why i was banned beacuse all ban descions are final
76561198239257320,Not Recommended,271590,28341032,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,G4P_M03,fu you
,Not Recommended,271590,26218786,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Shamus,"this was a great game for awhile, but the community is terrible (even worse on PS3.) after buying a 1070 i can hardly even play the game without a system reset first. the game wont open in anything without windowed, and overall i wouldnt suggest this till the game stops crashing... but 10/10 i will not buy this game again."
,Not Recommended,271590,28957964,Posted: 2 January,all,／  ／  ／  ／  ／  ／  ／,"Don't buy this, Just torrent it.If you do buy it and play online, just expect to get banned for anything."
76561198211171449,Not Recommended,271590,29656334,Posted: 2 February,all,sofie,"played gta for several years got an acc of lvl 230 got almost everything, and like everyone else got banned for nothing gg r*gg farewell and untill never again.."
,Not Recommended,271590,32442234,Posted: 15 June,all,Aland1989-SWE,T2 interactive shut down openiv so we cant mod thanks rockstar you ♥♥♥♥ed up big time
,Not Recommended,271590,32442230,Posted: 15 June,all,Stryxus,Let the anti-mod rebellion hit Take Two hard!
76561198088977100,Not Recommended,271590,32968549,Posted: 28 June,all,Bubble07,"They killed mods to protect their microtransaction economy. Expect to have to grind for days to even begin to afford the better vehicles unless you want to pay hundreds for ""shark Cards""."
76561198079290349,Not Recommended,271590,34495038,Posted: 25 August,all,Masterpre™,"I have bought countless shark cards on steam. Yet when a new dlc comes out you remove money from my account today April 25 8:30pm i logged on to find $2,687,254 missing from my game I have played over 849 hours on this game and I don't see why it was correct to remove that money from my account. I would like to c that money back in my account before the new dlc comes out. My friends and I are really having a hard time on pc when this and hackers impede our progress in the game. i dont pbelive it is fare for rockstar games to remove money like this and leave no way for the game to fight back. do not buy this game. plz leave comments and stroys herehttps://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/requests/preview?id=11210767"
,Not Recommended,271590,30411199,Posted: 9 March,all,a smug dog,"Single player is good & worth playing.In Online, however, cheating is rampant. Rockstar does nothing about it. Load times are kind of long as well.Do not buy if you want to play online. Do not pay full price, either."
,Not Recommended,271590,30645796,Posted: 20 March,all,Chango,"My 139.1 hours in this game have officially been wasted as of 2/29/2017 when I was banned for ""accidentally"" joining a ""hacked lobby."" ♥♥♥♥ you R*, let us appeal bans you cucks. Your autoban♥♥♥♥♥♥got me twice and now my character is being reset7/10 overall decent-ish experience"
76561198091957374,Not Recommended,271590,32467241,Posted: 16 June,all,Danny Dorito,"If you were planning on buying this game to be able to mod the singleplayer (NOT THE MULTIPLAYER) do not buy this game as the company behind it has banned the main mod that supports all other mods making the things and vehicles that are only accessable through multiplayer and could be accessed through singleplayer, E.G the Hydra Only multiplayer accesible so they push their players into online to take as much money as they can by charging them with new updates that cost a fortune so in order to purchase new things you either save a tonne of cash or buy shark cards.No wonder people Mod/Hack multiplayer because its so damn hard to actually purchase anything everybody justs wants money so they can have fun in the game, but thats not allowed as Take-Two hate fun and dont want their players to have a fun active experience.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME (At least until this issue is resolved by either Take-Two or Rockstar Games)"
,Not Recommended,271590,16311252,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,eisiger,"I honestly put up with this♥♥♥♥♥♥just to play with friends. Days of gameplay later, it's gone. You either keep playing and having fun solely because you're with friends, or you can play better games for a better price, while avoiding every Russian and Chinese hacker on the planet.Would rather eat a jar of marbles than wait through one more loading screen."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443902,Posted: 15 June,all,47l45,♥♥♥♥ Take Two. Bought this game for the mods. ♥♥♥♥ you for trying to take them away.
76561198132969708,Not Recommended,271590,28518998,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,cudeech,i dislike it because i got perma ban for no reason DO NOT BUY IT IT IS A SCAM FOR ONLINE
,Not Recommended,271590,32559858,Posted: 19 June,all,NotSilfur,If I ant mod I'm not playing thisThis is garbage
,Not Recommended,271590,34662528,Posted: 1 September,all,LadyThornBird,"I didn't want to do this, but Rockstar has forced my hand. I'm one of the many players that have had legitimate money taken in the recent sweep, $1,671,220 to be exact. Granted, I only had $2.3M before that was taken, but that was money I had earned myself. I've only encountered one mod user in all my time because I spent half of it by myself in invite-only. I've never had modded money dropped or injected into my account. My stats are public. Everything I've earned, I've earned through time invested into the game.I opened a support ticket about this and the next day it was moved to Cheat/Exploit Report or Banning Issue. It was closed after I was given the standard copy/paste response everyone else is getting: ""Your shared bank account in GTA Online was adjusted to remove illegitimately gained in-game money."" I was put in the cheater pool just like that, even after I've done everything in my power to avoid mod users. I opened a second one, but I don't expect anything. I'm just not going to keep quiet about it like they want me to.Don't bother calling their support numbers either. In the US, you'll get an automated message telling you to file a ticket online. Well, isn't that helpful?Frankly, Rockstar and their skeleton crew of monkeys can kiss my♥♥♥♥♥whether they fix this or not. The damage has already been done. Never before has my love for a game turned so sour, so quickly. For now, I can officially say that I won't be returning to Online. Maybe some day to go through my garage or play with the Editor, but never to play or grind.Do NOT buy this game for Online. Only buy it for the Story Mode, which is one of the best in the series. It's just such a shame that Online has made people forget that. At this time, I know I won't be getting Red Dead Redemption 2 or any other Rockstar game in the future."
,Not Recommended,271590,29931888,Posted: 14 February,all,Ugly Walrus,"Banned without using mods, or cheats, i didn't even sign in to gta online, the game has been uninstalled for the past year. i didn't even bother contacting rockstar because the scumbags usually ignore tickets.This is a great game (especially the single player) but that doesn't mean it deserves to be rated when most of the community is based around gta online. if you want a fantastic open world game. buy this, but only if you have a couple of friends or are only interested in the single player.(or just buy the witcher 3. its better anyways)"
76561198080592460,Not Recommended,271590,29787818,Posted: 8 February,all,MajorColt1911,The Singleplayer is good but the online is trash the rockstar support doesnt give a ♥♥♥♥ about their community and they ban inocent players just dont buy it if u want singleplayer just pirated it from somewhere just dont waste ur money ot this hunk of junk
76561198249789404,Not Recommended,271590,32739550,Posted: 24 June,all,Slippery Pete,#firebombtake2
76561198091557703,Not Recommended,271590,34546673,Posted: 28 August,all,Mr.Nelson,If you want to get your legally earned money taken away from you then this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,271590,18981213,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,GHosted,"Completely overran by hackers. Could have been an AMAZING multiplayer, but completely unplayable."
,Not Recommended,271590,18983227,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Calebc789c,"Grand Theft Auto V's singleplayer campaign is good and fun. But if you're going to play GTA Online, I highly suggest you DONT buy this game. GTA Online is crammed full of Fee-2-Pay microtransactions and requires massive amounts of grinding to get anywhere without them.Infact, with Take Two's actions lately, I highly suggest you don't buy this game on principle. Take-Two actively tried to shut down any modding projects that tried to provide any kind of alternative to the grind-laden unfun GTA Online and did so in incredibly scummy ways.And now they have sent a cease & desist letter to OpenIV, the very tool that makes modding GTA V possible.Do not support Take-Two and their scummy anti-consumer practices. Do not buy this game, or alternatively get it on sale at the lowest possible price and only play the singleplayer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32542457,Posted: 18 June,all,iN008,"Apparently ""protecting"" the (clear-cut scam of) online GTA:V means butchering SP enjoyment and replayability."
76561198047865932,Not Recommended,271590,16886026,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,lackofcoolness,Dont buy unless you are a masochist who enjoys being set upon by hackers every 15 minutes. Fix your game Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,16369572,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Chiepo💗( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Rockstar should put 10% or 20% discount for the summer sales..but nooooo...instead they pair it up with the cash card. what a dumb move
,Not Recommended,271590,16860393,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,AngryDan,Timeout Simulator 2015
,Not Recommended,271590,32637621,Posted: 22 June,all,Storm,Worst move 2017.
76561198153931916,Not Recommended,271590,32512892,Posted: 17 June,all,Serra Uke,"You killed our modding community, there´s no more reason to downvote"
76561198064133719,Recommended,271590,19272920,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,......,"ROCKSTAR...PLEASE READ !  !  !I love GTA pc online and think it's the greatest game i've ever played.  The ONLY thing i don't like about this game is the hackers and modders who are INCREASINGLY making it impossible to play the   ""Challenges""  or have fun doing much of anything else in an open lobby. They will either blow everyone up as the challenge begins, expell everyone from the session...or just CHEAT on the challenges with cars that can do better than 400 MPH etc.  I spend the majority of my time in a PRIVATE SESSION...grinding jobs....untill i'm sick of it.   I have had the chance to win many of the challenges and have fun in fee roam with others...but it's becoming more and more impossible...with each and every day!   I often sit here before i log on...filled with a sense of DREAD....instead of looking forward to having fun...as i did when i first began playing the game.I love this game ROCKSTAR...and hope you can do something about the hackers and modders in the open lobbies before they completely destroy this game for everyone.Most sincerly...Max_Mercenary..."
76561198094038823,Not Recommended,271590,16313421,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ManMar,"thousands of people have my problem, Its called social ui glitches. I built a new pc since that review, social ui works but its still hit or miss. Its a good game, amazing story and has fun multiplayer thats perfect with a friend. Download at your own risk, but hey there's always a refund policy."
,Not Recommended,271590,28263363,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SquirrellyOtter,"The actual game is a hell of a lot of fun and the regular addition of new content is superb.But Rockstar is doing nothing about the modders who can and will ♥♥♥♥ with your game for their lulz, and on that score alone I cannot and will not play this game again.EDIT: It's been nearly a year and I gave Rockstar two separate chances to impress me.  They utterly failed.  I attempted to report a modder on Rockstar's website and their automated support system gave me tips on reinstalling the game.GTA V on its own is still a good game and I'd like to play it.  But Rockstar won't protect its players and that's bad business.  Don't support bad business.  Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32896009,Posted: 27 June,all,afm99,Fun but expensive. Most things online need shark cards or hours of grinding that the game becomes not fun.
,Not Recommended,271590,32559849,Posted: 19 June,all,ReX,"Sorry. This is a good game, but modding was life."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443905,Posted: 15 June,all,iCB,♥♥♥♥ Take Two.
76561197961466601,Not Recommended,271590,32573471,Posted: 19 June,all,Palmatush,"Great game, but the worst publisher!"
76561198068697424,Not Recommended,271590,32443899,Posted: 15 June,all,name,♥♥♥♥ you for ruining mods
,Not Recommended,271590,23925692,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Novotisy,"Banned for 10 days for doing nothing. It was an automatic ban, and according to Rockstar, I was hacking, which is not true at all."
,Not Recommended,271590,24451811,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[WEA] Lazeroth,Ok heres the deal this game is great fun but theres an issue that rocksttar just wont ♥♥♥♥ing fix i got permbanned for supposedly cheating ive played the game alot sunk money into it but yet still banned for no reason out of the blues permanantly i attempted to contact them but they wouldnt listen so take my advice get it have fun but whenever a modder joins ur lobby just leave its not worth it they ban you for accepting money not the modder for exporting and giving money
,Not Recommended,271590,23599360,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MayDay (Misjah),"It's a great game, but the unlikeable characters in the story and really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer experience completely put me off from playing the game very long."
,Not Recommended,271590,24699902,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Swe Stone,"Do not buy if you are on a ""laptop"" Game sucks glitchy.Also i got banned online after i bout a car ..."
76561198165374224,Not Recommended,271590,25077124,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,MeltedOrang3,Even though there is no doubt the story mode is amazing.However the online is horrible and full off bugs and glitches and there is no way of contacting rockstar support i have been trying to join my brother and freinds on a heist and for some reason i could not join at all and there is no way i can fix this and it's really starting to frustrate me.
76561198095838765,Not Recommended,271590,32471687,Posted: 16 June,all,The Invincible Emperor,Don't outlaw modding
76561198038281330,Not Recommended,271590,28610465,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,123,"On initial release I absolutely loved this game. My friends and I played hundreds of hours together doing every mission possible. We  kinda quit playing until we recently saw an update and decided to play again.That's when it all went wrong. Shortly after logging in again we started playing one of the first online heists and immediately fell in love with the game again. We got about an hour into the heist when I was disconnected and banned for 30 days, having my entire online account wiped.Do not buy this game, rockstar will not even talk to you if their algorithm has flagged your account. I downloaded the game over a year ago and the only updates have been through steam. Somehow I am now a 'hacker' or cheater and don't deserve the time of day from rockstar's support staff.This issue has affected hundreds of users and rockstar refuses to address the problem and is more than happy to just wipe anyone that pops up."
,Not Recommended,271590,32714696,Posted: 24 June,all,Altaïr,"GTA V... I used to play this game non-stop last year. It used to be pretty much my favourite game and the only game I bloody played. It was pretty fun messing around with mods and stuff in Story Mode (and yes I did mod online but I got banned so yeah rip) and after I got banned, I stopped playing it then eventually removed it from my library. 800 hours of playing gone basically. I was going to write a review on how this game is great and one of the best games I've ever played but it's just not anymore, the online updates are♥♥♥♥♥♥now, the online community itself is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ ik I was modding but I'd go into a private session and do my♥♥♥♥♥♥ not harass other players and blow everyone up. And seeing how modding is now banned fully... that's really♥♥♥♥♥♥ One of the greatest modding communities of all time, dead. Yes we have GTA IV but GTA IV is broken on PC. So Rockstar failed to fix 1 GTA and decided to unfix the other GTA. Thanks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s :)No I don't recommend this game, Watch_Dogs 2 is better, GTA IV is better... hell even LEGO Marvel Superheroes is better at this point.If Rockstar and Take Two decide to unban modding and make it so only online modding is banned, then I'll recommend the game. But for now, play something else. Unless you love vanilla story mode... which is... kinda weird but okay."
,Not Recommended,271590,32423031,Posted: 14 June,all,Kanye Feast,this game smells like custard
,Recommended,271590,20932492,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bordje |-/,"TLDR VERDICTGTAV shows that Rockstar still have what it takes to make THE open world game. It offers an absolutely huge number of things to do, either alone or with friends, with great gameplay to boot. Also features a fairly lengthy single player with a compelling and hilarious narrative. Multiplayer heist modes are a fantastic coop experience and the adversary modes are great versus fun, but only recommended if you have a group of friends to play with.FULL REVIEW BELOW“Tell you what T… I’m getting too old for this nonsense” – Michael De SantaMichael is a retired thief living well in a mansion with his dysfunctional family. Franklin is a young gangbanger from the hood looking to move up in the world. Trevor is a psychopathic drug lord who lives in a trailer. United by a common lust for cash, the three embark on a spree of heists across Los Santos and Blaine County.The review is written from the perspective of a fan previous GTA titles, Rockstar Games and open world action games in general.GAMEPLAY AND DESIGNThe Grand Theft Auto series has been historically formulaic in its design and GTAV is no exception. You get thrown into a large open world map are left to do whatever you want. The progression comes from completing story missions dotted throughout the map, which more often than not involves driving somewhere and/or shooting something. However, this isn’t necessarily a bad thing. The shooting mechanics feel really tight and responsive, which is a huge improvement over battling GTAIVs clunky cover mechanics. The driving is also a massive improvement over GTAIV, where every car controlled like a tank. The vehicles are an absolutely joy to drive around, whether you’re letting rip on the open roads of rural Blaine County or negotiating corners on the urban streets of Los Santos. The control schemes in general are well designed and feel natural, whether you’re flying, swimming, driving, shooting, running, cycling, boating (that’s a word?) punching, submarining and so on. That said, probably 90% of my time playing GTAV was with a controller, as is the case with most third person action games. The main reason for this is because a lot of the game is spent driving, and I hate the binary feeling of having to tap A and D when driving (and by extension flying). This doesn’t mean that game is unplayable with mouse and keyboard, it just means there is a bit more of a learning curve as opposed to the pick up and play nature of the way the controller feels.Whilst you are roaming around, you can switch between the three different protagonists at any time with very little waiting. They all have their own unique little gameplay perks, which is nice as it makes switching more than just a cosmetic change. The three characters each have a special ability that can be temporarily activated and has a cooldown. Franklin can slow time whilst driving, Michael is able to induce a Max Payne style bullet time and Trevor can become temporarily invincible. The game also has a stat system, but it is a lot less involved and RPG-like compared to San Andreas (which is a positive for some). The stats are broken down into categories like driving, shooting, and stamina etc. but they are pretty inconsequential for the most part as all 3 characters can pretty much do everything with no real issues.The heists are the real draw to GTAVs campaign. They start with a planning phase where you have to choose a heist plan, pick a crew and source the vehicles and outfits. Then there’s the actual execution. The heists actually mix up the mission structure quite a lot and involve dynamically switching between the protagonists to fill out different roles on the fly. Depending on the crew you chose, some things have the capacity to go worse or better. There are also tons of collectables and side missions in the open world, some of which can actually be quite compelling and adds a decent bit of playtime for completionists.In my opinion, the multiplayer is largely “okay” with the exception of a couple modes. I’ll preface this by saying that unless you have a group of friends to play with, I would take the following with a pinch of salt. The multiplayer heists are fantastic and some of the best coop experiences I’ve ever had. They require players to have coordination, organisation, specific skill sets and communication. The communication part is why the heists don’t really work with random players. The other great multiplayer mode is the adversary modes. These are short and unique versus modes which have really fun objectives and are great to play with friends. Outside of these, most of the rest of modes are your standard fare of deathmatch and races and so on. Whilst I can respect that GTA tries to have something for everyone, it really is a jack of all trades and master of none. There are also rampant hacking issues. All of these modes can be a real bang for your buck, but I would rather play a racing game than do races in GTA.STORY AND NARRATIVEGTAVs main story is played from the perspective of three protagonists who you switch between as and when you want to when you want to progress their story. The protagonists are a good combination and play well off each other. All the characters are well voice acted and the cutscenes are well directed in true Rockstar fashion. The story itself is fine with some great moments dotted in there, but it mostly serves to drive forward the gameplay. It’s a lot less dark compared to GTAIVs depressing campaign, but as a result it feels less real. GTAV opts for more a funny approach, especially when dealing with Trevor (the “crazy” protagonist).In the same vein, the satirical humour that Rockstar builds in the world is top notch as usual. Whether it’s the ads on the radio, to the TV shows, to the billboards and posters, Rockstars satirical parody of the real world can cause a lot of light chuckles an occasion a real hearty guffaw. The hilarious talk radio shows also make a return as funny as ever. The game also boasts a wide variety of in game radio stations with a ton of great music to listen to whilst you drive around.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCERockstar delayed the PC version of GTAV for 2 years after the original console release, but for the most part it was worth the wait. There is an absolutely huge variety of graphics and control options to satisfy most PC gamers. There is a quite large caveat which is the fact that GTAV needs a relatively high end rig to run at a stable 60 on high to ultra graphics. That isn’t to say you need to start saving for SLI 980s, the game ran fine for me on my GTX 970 with i5 4670k and I have heard the same from people with a variety of cards including a GTX 660 and 770. There have been periods where performance has been a bit of a mixed bag, with sudden stuttering and frame drops, but these were mostly due to me forgetting to update drivers or turn off capture software.Visually the game looks stunning, and completely annihilates the console version in the graphics department. The world detail it fantastic and contributes a lot to making Los Santos and Blaine County feel like a living, breathing place. The fire and explosion effects are particularly impressive. The NPC detail and variety is great (I hardly ever encountered clones). The physics and damage modelling systems also work really well, you can actually see persistent bullet wounds on your character. Actual texture work is also quite detailed and it’s hard to find faults unless you are really looking for them. It is especially commendable that Rockstar actually properly modelled the interiors of every vehicle for the first person view, with working speedometers (and flight instruments in aircraft). It’s a shame that mirrors don’t work very well though."
76561198026367773,Not Recommended,271590,33023890,Posted: 29 June,all,Kytty,"Only buy for the Single Player.Online is a mess, every lobby has at least 1 hacker actively interferring with other players. But god forbid someone mod in money so they can actually enjoy the game, gaining money is a grind. Haven't had a loading time less than 5 minutes, Servers frequently drop players from missions. Considering it's 4 years old If you can't get it for less than $15 don't buy it."
76561198047084995,Not Recommended,271590,32540098,Posted: 18 June,all,MugiD,Take 2 has turned an awsome game with endless potential into a shallow grab for money.
,Not Recommended,271590,15683871,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Cpt. Proton,"This is by far the best GTA that has ever seen the light of the world. Unfortunately it was made and produced by a company that 14 years later still doesn't listen to its community and does exactly the opposite of what would make this game the best game in the world.Pro+ Singleplayer improved over previous GTA+ Story is great+ Characters are great+ World is amazing, beautiful and detailed+ GTA as you'd expectCon- Fairly unstable- No dedicated servers- Very poor and unstable P2P- No reason/point to play in Public Online Lobbies- No positional voice- No ""party"" that keeps you and a friend together throughout all online activity- No anti-cheat, in-game money can be bought with real money and hacked with cheat engine!!- (Real) Money is clearly the main aspect of GTA:O which gets more obvious the more you play- In other news, Rockstar transformed into a ♥♥♥♥♥ that lives off money and tears of their communityPlease, do NOT buy the game if you only are interested in GTA:Online! GTA has always been about singleplayer and the singleplayer aspect of the game, the story, the caracters and the world are just phenomenal and the absolute best. If you however are more interested in playing GTA:O in Public Lobbies, leave it be, wait a few more years when it's cheap and modders have f*cked R*s ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ P2P and DRM in the a** and when there are proper mods for dedicated servers such as Life or DayZ. There is literally no point in spending $60 for so incredibly badly designed and implemented online services. DO NOT SUPPORT THESE IDIOTIC GAME DEVELOPERS WHO DON'T CARE ABOUT THEIR PLAYERS. Rather go buy a pack of Molotovs and throw them into the nearest Rockstar representative building, it's more fun and a better way to tell them that players don't have to take their♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197989731226,Not Recommended,271590,15687743,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,callert,Really?
,Not Recommended,271590,15682202,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,gouch beside asshole,Great game but rockstar dosen't allow mods
76561198069840779,Not Recommended,271590,35256344,Posted: 28 September,all,Grooby,"Apart from all of Rockstars ""attempt"" to remove hackers and cheaters from GTA online (and by 'attempt' i mean they did nothing about it), and apart from how toxic the community is (litterally up there with games like LOL, overwatch, Dark souls etc). I still think it was a great game in the Story Mode area. If you're looking to buy this game, i recommend just playing singleplayer and modding the hell out of it to make it even more fun.(P.S) A big ol' ♥♥♥♥ YOU to the guys at Rockstar for thw worst customer support in history. Please continue releasing cool games but not doing jack all when it comes to helping the players."
,Not Recommended,271590,34842346,Posted: 9 September,all,Jessica,"I will divide this into 2 parts. The single player and the multiplayer (called online). The bulk of the review will be on the online since that is where the length of the game is.The story mode is I would say alright. I wouldn't say strongly about it either way which in this case I would say is fine. The characters however feel lacking. We have 3 main characters and they could even make 1 a woman. This was the golden time to make a female character for single player and they just threw it away. At a glance I can't really say I like any of the characters that much, I would say Michael since he is more generic compared to the others. I started by hating Trevor but at least I could like he stuck to his morals even if he was an awful character. So for the single player (which I did on console but thats not going to change) I would say is ok, not really worth buying for unless you are getting a pretty heavy discount but is alright.Online however this place is a mess. The balance isn't around how to make the game balanced but how to make players spend huge amounts of money. Each update is likely priced at about 5 times the price of the game (or higher) if you just went and bought the shark cards (microtransaction for in game money). The cards give pretty pathetic amounts of the price. It would cost 75% of the price of the game to get a fully upgraded motorbike club business (assuming you are going for a useful location and that you already have the motorbike clubhouse). This means you need to basically grind like made or spend vast amounts of money to really get to do a lot of things. The other problem this has is how it expands into new content. At launch (on last gen console) the tank was the be all and end all of power. If you were against a tank on foot you fled most of the time because it had powerful armour and a powerful attack. Now the tank is a joke, it can be 1 shot even by some of the new vehicles and such. This is a serious problem of power creep. We have gone from having the power house of vehicles becoming something not even worth buying because it is junk.We have jets that have rapid fire explosive shots and lock on missiles, snipers with explosive bullets and even bikes with rockets on them giving them semi flight and enough speed to dodge missiles (jet also can dodge missiles due to speed). It has become a game of madness on this front and each update generally brings something more powerful to get more people spending.The online has devolved into a case where people don't generally want to play in full games unless they have all the powerful weapons since it can often be a slaughter. Money making on free roam is pretty bad when you have to drive slow and questionable armoured vehicles compared to all the things flying around. They encourage toxic behavour with all these updates. To make money you generally have to spam missions for a small amount or invest in businesses and side businesses where you have to often buy upgrades and even pay for missions to get supplies to sell in bulk for profit. That wouldn't be a problem but whenever you try and sell it alerts everyone in the game that you are trying and where you are. They even throw a minimal reward to hope to encourage people which is something like 5 thousand. This could be someone gain 5 thousand at the cost of 18 hours of work and 5 hundred thousand spent on stock trying to get a 2 million pay out losing all that work and money in seconds. This is all because the game is balanced to make people spend more money.You might be thinking ""well they need all this money to host the servers, have good anti cheat and updates"" well lets look at this closely. Servers? nope, it is peer to peer. Anti cheat? well it is peer to peer so most anti cheat doesn't really work for that and modders can go crazy without much fear (they basically have to be reported loads to have action against them so not really a real anti cheat). Further more the anti cheat they do have actually often hits the standard player. For example they have one where if too many transactions happen you get an error message and it doesn't go through, well if you play for a few hours of grinding expect to see that, maybe you just did that big sale of goods, getting through it by the skin of your teeth and even see the number in the top corner saying money. Well it turns out the error comes up and the mission was counted as not even being done, you get to keep the stock and don't get the money, well there goes the last 20 minutes or so and now you have to risk doing it again and you might have beaten the odds the first time if you haven't managed to trick the game into being in a very low player count game but rolling the dice again isn't generally going to be a nice feeling.Finally lets move onto updates. Yes you get them and each one might as well be priced at 5 to 10 times the price of the game if you are not massively grinding or built up enough to be able to farm money easier. So generally speaking these are more about cash grabs and the only bugs you can expect to be fixed are ones that help get more money. Bugs are only building up generally and they are not getting any better, you WILL start noticing them more and more generally with each update.So generally this game isn't overly worth getting. I generally just play it socially with friends and keep up the never ending grind. If not for having friends on this game I would have no real reason to play and wouldn't be constantly grinding on it to get minimal rewards. I spent WEEKS grinding to set up a bit and still was making very slow progress to have the basics. I have done some content so much that it has become very dull and will actively work to fail some missions because they are random on which you get and some are not worth the effort and you can't just cancel them.Avoid this game unless you have money to burn, no common sense, friends on it and likely can be blind to all problems that will occur again and again..."
,Not Recommended,271590,34617864,Posted: 30 August,all,psizone,"First time having to bother reviewing something.Basically the same as being said elsewhere. Rockstar took my cash despite the fact that I don't play public games, only play with family or alone and have in no way been in contact with modded money. They even have the nerve of advertising their Shark Cards (real money payments for in game cash) after taking my money away.They refuse to acknowledge the issue, close tickets with bot responses and won't reply to tweets regarding the issue.Do not buy the game until this issue is fixed, you run the risk of your in game cash being removed.Here's a forum thread with hundreds of people having the same issue:http://gtaforums.com/topic/894959-so-rockstar-just-took-pretty-much-all-of-my-money/A properly disgusting situation considering I went out of my way to avoid modders in game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32976633,Posted: 28 June,all,DaddyBigBoss,"Sorry Rockstar, your game is amazing ( Except for the obvious microtransaction fueled grind )But ♥♥♥♥ Take Two!PS: We need a way to create loadouts without throwing 2Mil for a building."
,Not Recommended,271590,34617376,Posted: 30 August,all,Hernandez,"I have played a lot of GTA5, since ps3 launch. Over the years R* is getting more and more greedy. It's a good game don't get me wrong, but you'll need to grind and grind and grind OR buy gta dollars with Shark Cash Cards.Can't recomend this game at the moment, R* is simply to greedy, the game isn't cheap and they still ask for a lot of extra cash."
,Not Recommended,271590,34612105,Posted: 30 August,all,Gaunter Goliath,Game sucks.
,Not Recommended,271590,34615507,Posted: 30 August,all,バゼーア,tl;drDon't buy this game for multiplayer if you want to play legit and without mods. Rockstar has stolen money from many players. Some got banned.Just a♥♥♥♥♥♥company.
,Not Recommended,271590,34900064,Posted: 12 September,all,Lagarto,Your Account Details Have Been Adjusted-$35000000(Delete Grand Theft Auto V)
76561198074274841,Not Recommended,271590,34801597,Posted: 7 September,all,Ebster,Too many Hackers
,Recommended,271590,30965497,Posted: 5 April,all,glase,Astrologers proclaim a week of update. The number of bans has increased.
,Recommended,271590,18853765,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dorian,"Once again, as the GTA III in 2001 sets up a bar in industry, GTA V does it again and take no prisoners with it. This game is a pack, of all the badass things that happened in industry in the past 5 years and even more. It has everything to be on top of the food chain: solid technology, smooth gameplay, brilliant story, excellent expirience, outstanding soundtracks and tons of just random little small things that keep this game alive and fresh.This is a perfect formula that just all time success, a perfect example to some publishers on how you must take care of the product.The only thing they need to improve is Online element, cheating problem still solid and alive, please make a better system so cheaters would eliminated finally. Once and for all."
76561198020272651,Not Recommended,271590,15709163,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,RoboticManiac,You'll get banned from the game for using mods on or off line- Avoid at any and all costs.
76561198053412584,Not Recommended,271590,16342937,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Paul2448,"Single player is like all other GTAs and is great. Modding is good, and the game is just fun. But Rockstar tried to abuse the Steam sale, so I cannot recommend it.Nevermind, modding isn't good anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,16319818,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Collateral Damage Man,"This is a 60 dollar AAA game with microtransactions. The game itself is enjoyable and runs decently, but I cannot recommend any AAA full price game with microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,271590,16320552,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bacon,"Online kinda sucks, long load times and the price increase before a sale is a scummy move.  I regret getting this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,15350482,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Bamanboi,"Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥Take-Two, making mods illegal is the most anti-consumer thing you've probably ever done"
,Not Recommended,271590,16315674,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Epic Department,"There is no point in buying this game during the sale, there are so many modders that you can find money left and right, just wait untill rockstar ACTUALLY puts it on sale...Or Torrent it...:/Just saying"
76561198006176171,Not Recommended,271590,16404128,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Energata,Increased the price by $20 CDN right before the summer sale. Unbelievable. My last R o c k s h ! t game.
76561198047719475,Not Recommended,271590,32429369,Posted: 15 June,all,yeet,"Remember the days when Rockstar praised mods?https://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/article/18541/zombie-invasion-mod-for-gtaiv-pc.htmlI do, and I miss that Rockstar Games.Rest in peace, OpenIV.Gone but not forgotten."
76561198256328789,Not Recommended,271590,32590505,Posted: 20 June,all,dimathehacker,"they banned mods, they stole all my money, they make everything expensive so we buy shark cards, they nerfed all money making methods, gunrunning items are good but the prices and money making is cancer. good job rockstar and take two"
,Not Recommended,271590,32613290,Posted: 21 June,all,VeraOne,"RockstarStar Sucks, No more mod? no more creativity. R.I.P"
,Not Recommended,271590,16440937,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ninjojoestar,"I swear I remember buying this game. It clearly doesn't feel like it, though, because I'm here staring at a screen telling me it needs to be ""Activated"" everytime the internet so much as hiccups. I bought a single player game as I knew I wouldn't have constant access to Internet while on holiday - big ♥♥♥♥ing mistake I guess. Instead I find myself having to fiddle through e-mails trying to find the details for a useless, invasive website I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about (Rockstar Social Club) that is being shoved down my throat, only to find out it isn't a one-time registration. It's a constant requirement.Funny... talk about ""Life Invader""...Also well done trying to screw people over with the Summer Sale price. I'm sure that earned you some fans."
,Not Recommended,271590,32554223,Posted: 18 June,all,MaRcO,:P
,Not Recommended,271590,32822781,Posted: 26 June,all,TripleThreat,Bring back modding - stop ruining the game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32581357,Posted: 19 June,all,Daruxel,i liked this game until the devs decided to suck the fun away and shut down the fun of modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32678091,Posted: 23 June,all,Crusader Chef,Do not but this game! Take two and Rockstar has banned OpenIV which lets you play singleplayer with mods. So if you want to buy the game to mod DON'T!
,Not Recommended,271590,32946582,Posted: 28 June,all,tickertocker123,"I'd advise not buying shark cards within this game, especially when the parent company is being jerks, as they're trying to generate publicitiy and thus a profit"
,Not Recommended,271590,32449478,Posted: 15 June,all,QUISS,http://gtaforums.com/topic/889348-take-two-vs-modding/
76561197979345841,Not Recommended,271590,33070378,Posted: 30 June,all,Dragonsbliss,They ruined the entire game for me after shutting down OPENIV even if it is back damage was done... I just dont have interest in playing this anymore...
,Not Recommended,271590,32701988,Posted: 23 June,all,Joserin,There goes any hope of me enjoying Single Player anymore
76561198061592788,Not Recommended,271590,32995054,Posted: 29 June,all,Duck,It was great when you could mod online but then they got rid of it. Then we did what we could with singleplayer mods but now they got rid of that too. Multiplayer is a boring mess of pay to win and repetitive grinding for something that gives you no feeling of satisfaction. Game sucks now.
,Not Recommended,271590,32814441,Posted: 26 June,all,♥ Winblaser ♥,Rackstore games presents:*Microtransactions*Hackers*A system that punishes non-hackers*Loads of fun in multiplayer - for a few minutes until the hacker came and you got banned for his messten/five
,Not Recommended,271590,32442172,Posted: 15 June,all,Nordenstam,"Great game, but:♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two Interactive."
,Not Recommended,271590,33139783,Posted: 2 July,all,Babu,"TIME TO BOYCOTT ROCKSTAR AND TAKE TWO.....- I love this game, but hate the people behind it more.- Typical scenario: / ENTER SESSION > CHEATER LEVEL 7777 DROPS MONEY ON YOU > CHANGE SESSION > GET BANNED FOREVER..- I have over 2400 hours of playing and they simply banned me for someone dropping on me.- It feelts like they are country not a company.- The politics within the company is making them lose so many fans.- They treat the majority of gamers in a careless and would only listen to youtubers whether they are right or wrong.- Their system hasnt been improving.- They find everyway to stop people from making money, just for people to buy shark cards. ( Pacific Standard is a big example )- MORE ?- All DLC's are repetitive and boring.- The map feels so tight and small if you've been there since it launched.-It feels like its a car game !- Suspending random people, and they won't listen.- Send proof video / screen shots, they won't give a tiny rats a s s and keep the ban.- They will wipe all your money if someone dropped on you, and won't even consider your grinding and hours and months and years of playing legit.- They've introduced so many anti-cheating ways to only end up banning the innocent and leaving the modders in-game.- Who on earth bans someone forever ? Only God puts someone in Hell forever.- All this tells you that they are extremely stupid and cannot control their game or know whos cheating !- You'll fall in love with the game and then GROW UP by the time the next part comes out. Lets see when will GTA 6 arrive to a store near you.I can rant for so much more, but this gives you a brief.I would highly not recommend this game."
76561197979628245,Not Recommended,271590,28362389,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,☣SU!C!DE☣,"Get rid of the ♥♥♥♥ed up Social Club then everything would be nice, now I can`t even play the game due to that♥♥♥♥♥♥and Rockstar support is useless, I should have pirated the game which I will do with the next GTA!"
,Not Recommended,271590,26648406,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,npign42,"ive had the game for two days. i have only 11 hours of game play. i dont mod. ive never cheated. i didnt even so much as cuss in chat or over the mic. and yet, i got a 30 day ban. rockstar says ""f*** you bans are FINAL"" and steam wont issue a refund because i have more than 2 hours of game time. this is incredibly unprofessional and borderline fraudulent."
,Not Recommended,271590,31148803,Posted: 14 April,all,"""Sparrow""",dont spend you money please first i wanna say the bugs and modders have gotten outta hand i dont want anyone spending any money on this garbage the gameplay somewhat alright logging in is the problem and once you do get in usially theres a modder in a lobby i was lvl 94 modder gave me 400 lvls today i deleted this game because when stuff like that does happen rockstar wont look into your case its permaban soplease save your dollars
,Not Recommended,271590,32482080,Posted: 16 June,all,Mr. GrimM,F*ck you Rockstar...
,Not Recommended,271590,16477237,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Chippeh™,Raised price for summer sale. Scumbag move.
76561197985169161,Not Recommended,271590,16325840,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,rilzi,"This game is honestly awesome. The story is great, gameplay is great. It's a great port that actually value adds from the console original. It's fun and funny, and the heists are one of the most fun thing I've played for a long time.But always online DRM? Why Rockstar? The only people effected are those who buy the game on Steam. Also, raising the price right before a sale? lol wot? So, thumbs down purely because of the crappy business stuff by R*."
,Not Recommended,271590,16423872,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NeptuneFX,Shady business detected.WHAT THE ACTUAL F--- R*!?!?
76561198126981205,Not Recommended,271590,24104681,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,The DarkRed Dragon,when u get banned rockstar give u a list of ban reasons but they don@t tell u why and witch one u are banned for and + been unbanned for 2 or 3 hours and then banned for ever rockstar need th get there sh***t together because recently rockstar have been going down hill on banning non modder and leaveing modders to mod as they plz.
,Not Recommended,271590,29920142,Posted: 14 February,all,Gilgen,you like grinding money?you like getting milked by Rockstar?you like new content with more expansive cars?you like modders in online lobby?you like kids screaming in mic?you like bad community?you like free dirty money?Me not so ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,28690296,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,~🐺♥♥🐾𝓢𝓗𝓐𝓨𝓛𝓐🐾♥♥🐺~,Rockstar went on a rampage of greedyness and baned everyone who had the littleist suspicions of modding money in anyway. i dont recommend getting this game. mod or not thare is a chance of getting banned for no reason what so ever. rockstars already being greedy basterds by practicly forcing people to buy in game money just to get anywhare now. Dont get the game and it will save you time and happiness :l
,Recommended,271590,17240668,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,A n a c r o n,"GTA V is an incredibly good sandbox game. It can absorb you on hundreds hours. Huge and open word gives you a lot of opportunities. Singleplayer is perfect, the story is great. References to other Rockstar games (especially previous GTAs) and easter eggs are making this game even better. Online is good too if you have ppl to play with you'll have a lot of fun, after Heists update Multiplayer is amazing. Engines RAGE and ofc Euphoria are doing great job. I rate this game 10/10!"
,Not Recommended,271590,30957584,Posted: 5 April,all,Riley,"Edit: Apparently it's a point of argument that I have a small amount of hours logged into the game, as if the game wasn't released for consoles. Allow me to clarify: I foolishly bought a ps4 in 2013, essentially for this game. Hopefully that clears up any confusion.After playing this game non-stop (every day after work/school) for almost 4 years, I can safely say that the quality, not even that, the very essence of this series has gone completely out the window. I remember Running from the police in GTAIV, and how much fun it was to conduct long high speed chases, just to get outside the circle and duck into an alleyway, or a building to hide. Moments later, the search would be called off, and you were free to resume your activities. Now, under the guise of a rather aggressive police force, cruisers literally appear out of nowhere, despite never being seen patrolling the city. Two or three helicopters may be hiding anywhere, at any moment, just waiting to put the spotlight back on you.Stealth is an absolute joke. R* poked the idea with a stick and when nobody understood how it worked in first player, scrapped it for online.Further on, I recently realized that no one online is trustworthy with your money. No one.Public Sessions is French for ""♥♥♥♥ you, 'play' with these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" Public online play has to be the biggest oxymoron of this decade. There is no playing online. There is, try to acquire supplies, get blown up by four morons in Hydras and listen to them verbally high five each other until one crashes into the other, causing a rift in the hydra clan.R* You have people who are LITERALLY getting massive groups together online, through Discord and Reddit, to counter-act the massive pain the♥♥♥♥♥that are random players. The IGN clan was created SPECIFICALLY for griefers. Do you not see how this is taking away the fun from many people? To argue the point of the griefer is quite literally defending the people who bully others and incite violence. Congratulations, R*, you went from punishing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, to simply celebrating them.The last point I have to make, is NPC aimbot. It makes the game unplayable, unless you're in an armored vehicle or behind something solid, you will be dead within seconds. God ♥♥♥♥ing FORBID you end up in the forest with NPC's. They shoot you THROUGH foliage. thick, thin, whatever. It doesn't matter if you can't see them, they can see you, and they are coming. All of them. In upgraded Sultans.I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game. Almost four years later. I. Quit."
,Not Recommended,271590,28956830,Posted: 2 January,all,ICEWS | Maarpet,"Bad game!I was playing GTA V Online with friends, and i was banned perm...i did nothing wrong just stealing tanks from the army base...... Bad support ...Slecht spel!Ik speel met vrienden gta online en opeens krijg ik perm ban..., we waren gewoon bezig met tanks stelen op de leger basis..Slechte support!!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,24347708,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Christmas,Banned for no reason.你他媽垃圾公司？幹你娘 Rockstar
76561198062709820,Not Recommended,271590,34570002,Posted: 28 August,all,AJSA_TurboDog,Story mode GTA V is one of the best games I have ever played. GTA Online is a money grap piece of crap and should be burned. If GTA is going the way of GTA Online then I am out.
,Not Recommended,271590,32612391,Posted: 21 June,all,fatti,"removing mod support from gta, is like removing a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from a man. GJ!not..."
,Not Recommended,271590,16377707,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jay Dee,"ONLY BUY IT FOR THE SINGLE PLAYER, Multiplayer is riddled with hackers, bugs, infinite loading times and rockstar isn't doing much to fix it."
76561198250008268,Not Recommended,271590,32691975,Posted: 23 June,all,ninairzeta,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,29476385,Posted: 24 January,all,Don Glover,"Story mode is medicore online is god awfulRockstar scum bags over charge literally evetything in online to try to force you to buy the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shark cardsYou want to buy a shirt? $50000, You want to change the colour of your car? $10000.You want to try out the biker club so you can make money? 400k to buy a clubhouse and an additional 1.4 million to even do anything with it.TL:DR Rockstar is a bunch of d!ick bags and make everything in the game cost so much god damn money to make you buy shark cards"
,Not Recommended,271590,32544124,Posted: 18 June,all,Knurek,"Please do not support Take Two in any way, given how they treat PC gamers."
76561198127345578,Not Recommended,271590,32583125,Posted: 19 June,all,Thrown Wii Mote [DFAQ],Take 2 is a bad company that doesn't care for the consumer.
,Not Recommended,271590,32966701,Posted: 28 June,all,Barefoot,what you mean i cant have modded fisget spinners? i dislike instantly
,Not Recommended,271590,15721612,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ryder,Fov is bannable
,Not Recommended,271590,15682808,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Skelly,"Banned for modding the fov, Because being able to actually see whats happening is hacking.♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Not Recommended,271590,15688299,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dark Session,"No official mod support is something i tolerate. But i don't tolerate to block every possible modification which enhances the gameplay experience. GTA IV would be boring without any mods. I play on PC because i want to use mods, and not to play the same simple game i could play on consoles back in the year 2013."
,Not Recommended,271590,15686947,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bean Pimp™,"Hey, Rockstar peoplesI think you should all jump into a volcano."
,Not Recommended,271590,15721515,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,A Recovering Autist,"I'm editing my review due to new events. My review is not about actual gameplay, because other than the multiplayer being EXTREMELY grindy, the game plays well. My review is due to the practices of its publisher.While (I believe) they retracted their cease and desist against OpenIV, my review still remains negative. TakeTwo continues to give no ♥♥♥♥s for their player base and only pursues profits often at the expense of their customers. I play this game for a few days straight every few months when my friends and I decide we wanna screw around, if I played more often, I would go insane. While TakeTwo cracks down on anything illegitimate involving ingame currency, hackers are not uncommon. Last time I played, I would run into a hacker atleast once a day. Teleportation is fine, invincibility is fine, aimbot is fine, BUT MONEY HACKS? BAN! It is apparent that TakeTwo cares more about making money than delivering a quality game experience, and will implement trends originating from other games *cough* the new battle royale mode *cough* just to further profits.I will not be purchasing any other GTA or RDR title unless TakeTwo does a massive turn around or someone buys the series from them."
76561198352184969,Not Recommended,271590,35258250,Posted: 28 September,all,Naz1m_Zig4ev,"To create GTA Online were hired by the developers of Saints Row.GTA Online is not a game, it's an unhappy disabled who, instead of being treated, decided to finish off with two idiotic updates: ""gunrunning"" and ""smuggler's run""."
,Recommended,271590,34585537,Posted: 29 August,all,Eblixx,SinglePlayer is a Masterpiece! however Online Multiplayer is a grind fest.
,Recommended,271590,15367907,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,<>.<>,Killed my SA:MP roleplay server on launch day.10/10.
76561198072494578,Recommended,271590,15489083,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Fargoth,MISSION FAILED: Michael did not think yoga was fun.
76561198061773611,Not Recommended,271590,26101038,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,JD1545,Can't show my support when rdr2 isn't being released for pc.
,Recommended,271590,19268214,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,𝔴𝔞𝔫𝔥𝔢𝔡𝔞,"This game is beyond awesome! Love the story, the open world, the characters. This is the second time I played through the story and it was just as fun as the first time, I could probably do it one more time if I wasn't so lazy. The only thing I hate about this game is the hackers, they are ruining the game when you are playing online which is too bad. But if you are lucky to find one without hackers... then it is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,271590,17044901,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ushio,Best Campaign experience! I can recommend you 10/10Worst Online experience... 0/10 don't buy it unless if you want to play singleplayer only
76561198124086232,Not Recommended,271590,16342612,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,CharmonUltra: Cry Pls Leader,wow Rockstar just..... wow
,Not Recommended,271590,16343206,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Annoying Dog,"I'll never support Rockstar again because their shady business strategies. Congratulations Rockstar, job well done."
,Not Recommended,271590,16341261,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jack Sparrow,"15/06/17 - Just found out about Take-Two issuing a cease and desist to the OpenIV team... So on top of everything else, they still need to screw their customers EVEN MORE by trying to outright stop modding for GTA 4 and 5. Modding the SINGLE-PLAYER might I add. The theory is they want to push people onto the multiplayer by taking away options on the single-player and, as I say in this very review, the multiplayer is a♥♥♥♥♥♥fest full of grinding in a concerted effort to force microtransactions down your throat. SORRY BEING A TOP 5 BEST SELLING GAME OF ALL TIME ISN'T ENOUGH FOR YOU TAKE-TWO. WE ONLY BOUGHT IT MULTIPLE ♥♥♥♥ING TIMES. I strongly urge everybody to get the word out, warn people about this kind of thing. If they get away with this, who knows where it could lead...------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Crappy business practice. Not that I'm suprised to find out Rockstar love money, just look at the fact they managed to get people to buy the same game 3 times and get away with it.Business practices aside GTA V is a solid game with a decent story but frankly, in my opinion, the online could have been better. The fun people had with GTA IV... But I guess we have to take our online fun with our friends seriously because stock markets and houses and stuff.I miss being able to do all the silly things online with people like the carmageddon mod or the LCPDFR mod where you could be police and arrest people. While at first I saw the idea of GTA Online being cool I realised that to have fun you gotta work for it (just like real life! YAY!) or you could... Y'know... Buy money...I appreciate the great work behind GTA V as it is, in a number of ways, better than GTA IV. With superior stability and performance as well as more to do and a bigger, more varied world to mess around in. No more do you find yourself trapped in nothing but a reasonably sized city. Now you can run over cougars! Or whatever else it is people do outside.I found it hard to decide whether I should give this game a thumbs up or a thumbs down... At first. But I felt the answer should reflect my complete opinion on the game. The multiplayer is garbage, if I wanted to play an unrealistic MMO based on real-life where money is hyperinflated to the point where a chocolate bar costs around $100 then I shouldn't be allowed to have the things I want.The main sticking points for the multiplayer are:-Real fun with friends-More grind than you could ever want or need to any reasonable extentjesuschristand that's the thing, the grind is the worst I've faced. That's a fullstop (or period whatever). But oh how generous of them to give the option to pay real money to gain fake money. Wonderful. It's hard to really convey just how awful it is with human words. Just know that to get anything remotely cool you're looking at either hours upon hours of grinding (pray to whatever gods you hold that you have friends to help or you're ♥♥♥♥ed) or spend a modest sum of roughly.... Oh yeah- ABOUT AS MUCH AS THE BLOODY GAME COST. How'd you feel about paying £60-£80 for a yacht? And how would you feel if when you discovered it does jack♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway? That's GTA Online. All grind; No substance.UPDATE:After hearing about FiveM (the awesome multiplayer mod seperate from GTA Online) and how the developers were completely screwed over for ridiculous reasons I feel like I can't stand by Rockstar at all, let alone when GTA 5's concerned... As people have said before, GTA Online is a hacker ridden mess with plenty of bugs and grind to go around. Not only that but it seems like it functions much like a free-to-play game, existing only to coax people into spending insane amounts of money on micro-transactions (BTW Wanna buy some Shark Cards?). GTA Online literally has typical rip-off f2p game written all over it, yet it comes part of a fully priced game... The community steps forward to literally fix Rockstar's mess, creating a much more enjoyable experience in the process and they trash it. And why? The mod ""contains code designed to facilitate piracy"". ♥♥♥♥ me, I wonder why people would want to avoid giving you money..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32611572,Posted: 21 June,all,LordLeonan,Never buying a Take Two game again.
76561198085352145,Not Recommended,271590,16613516,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nutella,reallly rockstar? 59 dollars even on sale?
,Not Recommended,271590,16177243,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,achoo,"I give this game yes and no, but someone has to point out the negatives.Obviously, most of you will get this for the Online. It is great with friends, on friends only session, I'm sure. If you can do that, then it is an amazing game.Otherwise prepare for:-Hackers-Heist-scammers-Low-level hunters-Spawn/garage/store campers-Bulletproof vehicles that you have to pay to destroy-Passive mode jumpers, who switch back and forth to kill and not be killed-Hackers-Becoming a low-level hunter yourself-Armored Kuruma (the bulletproof vehicle) being pretty much the only useful one-One big deathmatch-Mostly horribly terrible community-Microtransactions-Hackers-People who drop hacked money on you so you would get banned-Lack of money-Lack of fun-Hackers-Avoiding everyone or...-...becoming a low-level hunter yourself-That one person who will not stop chasing and killing you, forcing you to...-... use passive modeIn a nutshell: Another horrible community ruining another great game."
,Not Recommended,271590,28352043,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rocky.,How did thousands of people come together to make a game this boring?
,Not Recommended,271590,15986475,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Shewsbeef,"Hackers everywhere online, until Rockstar get's their head out of their asses don't buy the game unless you wanna deal with a bunch of asshats with god mode and explosive weapons turned on.Don't get me wrong, the game itself is great and very well optimized, but for the time being anything involving multiplay in the game is completely ruined as there's generally 1+ hacker(s) per game session.Client side multiplayer gaming, that doesn't even have a proper anti-cheat, yeah wow great idea. All Rockstar cares about right now is money, they have a pretty complex anti-cheat for money but that's it who cares about the actual gameplay right?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32581358,Posted: 19 June,all,Berserker The Planet Smasher,"What I don't understand is why...Mods keeps the games alive for a MUCH longer time, I've played this game a lot and with the mods I could use the Rockstar Editor and the Director Mode how should be. Not that sandbox bulltshit."
,Not Recommended,271590,26215501,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Pesticyde,First banned for no reason and now you cant mod :))))
,Not Recommended,271590,32515773,Posted: 17 June,all,envx,♥♥♥♥ Take Two. RIP Modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32709733,Posted: 23 June,all,yugoprowers,"Take Two killed the best part of the game.RIP Grand Theft Auto VSeptember 17th, 2013 - June 14th, 2017"
76561198283686300,Not Recommended,271590,33321313,Posted: 6 July,all,bruno.devic.bd,GOT PERMA BAN FOR NOTHING.ROCKSTAR SUCKS DON'T BUY THIS GAME.PERIOD.
76561198137948794,Not Recommended,271590,28917143,Posted: 1 January,all,M1STAKES,"I loved this game before the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥c*nts perma banned me for nothing!!! my friend was modding and gave me money, i alt+f4 quick so i didn't get much money then a day later i see i have a perm ban from GTA online, i showed them evidence, instead they unbanned me they banned the wrong friend that wasn't moddig?!?! like WTF GTA think before you perm ban because you can't ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ban people who didn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥i shouldn't buy this game unless you want to get banned for nothingofc you don't get insta banned but if you get 1 bag of modded money you fcked up!"
76561198078046076,Not Recommended,271590,32796262,Posted: 25 June,all,Woodhop,"I mean I don't think anyone would actually read this before buying, I just think Take Two is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company and don't deserve a good game score."
,Not Recommended,271590,32630602,Posted: 21 June,all,Chiffry,OiWot de fock Rohkstah
76561197960467524,Not Recommended,271590,16382677,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,UncertainAmbivalence,Raised the price right before Summer Steam sale whilst bundling useless in-game cash in a sad attempt to prentend to be on sale.
76561198017785434,Not Recommended,271590,32680436,Posted: 23 June,all,Jointorino,"For mods! For freedom!F!ck reactionism!One of the greatest games ever, ruined by pathetic cheaters and a greedy publisher, incapable to handle those lowlifes."
,Not Recommended,271590,23444199,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[JTG] Jack,"When this game was released, it was really good fun. The online was really fun and the single player was even better. Now, the online is broken, full of hackers and rockstar has removed any ability to make any money and made everything expensive. This makes any player who wishes to buy anything have to purchase their shark cards, which are expensive.Basically, at first the game was great, then Rockstar became greedy and now the game is unbarable. SP is still ok though but unless you want to be a hacker, do not buy this game for the MP alone.01/09/17 update: The new anti hack system removed money I added via shark card claiming it to be through hacking. When I put in a support ticket about it, they imediately closed the ticket and refuse to comment. Avoid shark cards since this seems to be effecting many other users. This is stealing!Overall Rating - 4 / 10Single Player - 8 / 10Online 1 / 10Best Advice - Spend your money on a £40 paperweight made of goat droppings, it will be more woth it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32610038,Posted: 20 June,all,√3 ⌂,deje de jugar en consola por este tipo de mamadaspara eso no vuelvo a comprarles nada y me quedo con mi steam verde
76561198154393321,Not Recommended,271590,25662812,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Visceraider,good single player.i am banned in multiplayer for no reason.just like everyone else.
,Recommended,271590,15363322,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Benny,"back in my mid 40's I had what any normal person has... a midlife crisis. I had an urge for adrenaline that I just couldn't get. I tried joining a triathlon, that didn't end well with my heart condition. I tried smoking weed for the first time but nothing really happened and my whole house smelled like pizza, I tried being extremely racist to black people in order for them to assault me but the only thing that happened was that they dismissed me as crazy and continued on with their day. One time, I remember, I even tried cocaine but to no avail. I simply wanted a rush, an experience, something that would send my heart racing (yet not overboard). I wanted adrenaline. On a fine summer evening, I walked to the grocery store to buy a pack of cigs when out of the corner of my eye I see a man in a mask with a gun. He tells us all to get down on the ground or he will shoot us and skin our family alive. So, naturally, we all got on the ground and complied with our captor. My heart was racing, I couldn't believe this was actually happening! I went for my phone to call the police but he saw me and kept me in his crosshair for a good 15 minutes while his friend cleared the register. After collecting all the money, they were making their way out when suddenly a cop turns the corner of the door and aims his pistol at one of the robbers. He yells ""Freeze♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and the robbers stopped in their tracks. The cop told the robbers to drop their weapons and they did so. The cop then yelled ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥he is resisting!"" the criminal then started to say ""but, I alread..."" when the cop layed down the criminals life. The other criminal stood their shocked and frightened at his fallen comrad when the cop says ""Now its your turn, bite the counter!"" which, in my opinion, was an odd request. The criminal listened to the officer of the law and put his teeth around the edge of the counter. The hero & hunk of a police officer then said ""Say goodnight,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and proceded to stomp the black mans head in. I was so amazed by what I had just witnessed all I could do was start a slow clap, everyone in the store was screaming and yelling in amazement at the officers fine work. It was the rush I needed, it was amazing and I highly reccomend the experience."
76561198079277891,Not Recommended,271590,15685380,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kim Jong Fun,Ruck Fockstar! and now they are trying to ban modding completly....so listen carefully....DO. NOT. SUPPORT. ROCKSTAR. OR. TAKE TWO.  Rockastar got their money and are now allowing Take Two to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over their fans.
,Not Recommended,271590,32717889,Posted: 24 June,all,Atra,"Game basically killed by the publisher, and handled awfully by PR."
76561197989742846,Not Recommended,271590,15910282,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Hask,"Never been able to play a GTA game because of Games for Windows Live. Thought this would be different. I was wrong. If you've had problems in the past with connecting to online games, don't buy this game."
76561198056533951,Not Recommended,271590,15992850,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,CyanDrudis,"0/10 wayyy too many hackers, guarenteed every lobby you join there is at least 2-3 hackers. All of which have the ability to: kick you, temporarily ban you, spawn random game models on you(like make you a walking lighthouse/weedplant/jesus, etc...), insta kill via explosion, trap you in a cage, spawn millions of dollars and every vehicle, ruin your VIP work, god mode, no clip, auto aim, access to weapons that you can't get(even in the campaign), kick you out of your vehicle(especially annoying when flying). All these and more!BUT WAIT THERES MORE!, these hackers tend to be between the ages of 8-12 which flaunt the fact that they used there mommies credit card to afford a $10 - $20 modified game.WHAT ELSE COULD THERE POSSIBLY BE TO MAKE THIS WORSE?WELL LET ME TELL YOU!,1. *just doing random♥♥♥♥♥♥in game* *suddenly EVERYONE LEAVES*(which means I randomly lag out for no apparent reason?)2. Past all the hackers, past all the times I've lagged out, past all the times someone has trollingly left right before the finishing of a finale heist, I still get blown the ♥♥♥♥ up by some dude in a Hydra3. *calls pegasus* *orders hydra* *drives to where it says on the map* *pegasus calls* ""Sorry bruh, the who was supposed to deliver it... just didn't, Bye!""4. *calls mechanic* *waits for personal vehicle* *gets sniped by some pleb* *car doesn't get delivered* * calls mechanic* ""Next Delivery: 4:52"" *kills self*5. *starts heist* *gets 99.9999999999% through* *someone lags out* *heist ends* *rips eye balls out*6.  *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *Gather additional players* *9322932392 years later* *Gather additional players*7. *Find new session* *heres a session with no one in it*8. *Find new session* *heres the session you were trying to avoid because of the hackers in it*9. *Find new session* *Singleplayer*10. *the all time worst* *DIDDLELY ♥♥♥♥ING DOO IM DOING PIRACY PREVENTION* *2:47 left* mfw< finally almost level 70 to get tank just a little more xp! *hacker with godmode teleports to my yacht* *sits there on upper decks killing me, godmode leaves my efforts futile* - HERES THE BEST PART - That hack menu also offers level 8000 (like billions of RP) and practically Infinite money - THEREFORE- he has no reason to be ruining my yacht defense except for just the pure pleasure of watching me get confusingly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at him for doing so. THOSE are the kind of players(that are hackers) that are legitimately cancer to any MMO/Free roam genre.Rockstar has a fine game concept, probably more fine on console due to the difficulty of modifying your game. OH that too!Whats with this: ""It's called 'modding' not hacking idiot"", ""It's called 'hacking' you f*cking f*ckface"" , then theres me ""WTF is the difference, they're practically synonyms of one another"""
76561197964415260,Not Recommended,271590,32567713,Posted: 19 June,all,Wizard,T2.......bye bye
76561197961329119,Not Recommended,271590,16085616,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,broqowski,"Bought it for the online mode. It was fun the first month before everyone started hacking. Now it's unplayable. Hackers have every weapon, can spawn any vehicle they like, have unlimited money and can kill any player they like by just pressing a button. And guess what? Rockstar doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥Will never buy a Rockstar game again."
76561198014117749,Not Recommended,271590,16084923,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,srbinthemix,"im so dissapointed with this game at the moment, ive had crash after crash, its practically unplayable for me but actually like the game so much ive persevered with it and from time 2 time get the odd couple of hours without it crashing, there should of been a patch for it by now ffs"
,Recommended,271590,28622736,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,B0RA,"MasterpieceGTA 5,it's a masterpiece.It has lots of game mods.You can play like you're normal Los Santos citizen and travel around Los Santos.You can attack each other with online players.You can play Races,Deathmatches,Missions,Some different Adversary Modes...You can do everything.And if you have friends to play with it's better.And there is a Story Mode.Story is really good.And you can play on Story mode on do lots of things too.You like Race Games?-Buy GTA 5You like Shooter Games?-Buy GTA 5You like Free Mod Games?-Buy GTA 5You like Story Mode Games?-Buy GTA 5Just Buy GTA 5.there is a lot to write"
76561197961960796,Not Recommended,271590,16343563,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,tackle70,"Don't support Rock* and their crappy business practices. It's a shame too, because the game is pretty good. But they have artificially raised the price and attached immediately consumable DLC to their product during the summer sale, so that you still pay full price for it but CANNOT get a refund. That's a sleazy move, and you should not support this game with your cash until R* turns their act around."
,Not Recommended,271590,16319708,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Josh,I love this game but disagree with price-gouging. 6/11/15
76561198001309330,Not Recommended,271590,16345232,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,assfanden,♥♥♥♥ you for raising the price pre sale and then giving -25% for the raised price. Simply ♥♥♥♥ you.
,Not Recommended,271590,16344976,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Demons,The game is great and I bought it quite a while ago but im giving it a negative review due to the blatent fckery of trying to pretend this game is onsale by bundling with your microtransaction bs
,Not Recommended,271590,15704366,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,flawlesssin,"My envisionment of Rockstars board meetings:""So, other games include the ability to mod single player, it greatly increases the life of their game and the replayabilities. We should do the same.""""nah. ♥♥♥♥ that, disallow modding and ban anyone who tries to get around it.""Not only are they banning people for mods, they are banning every player who comes into contact with certain hacking players. ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar, I will never buy another game of yours again."
76561198009422194,Not Recommended,271590,15694039,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Death Assured,Bans users for using mods in single player.
,Not Recommended,271590,16346201,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,starwas,"Cheating still not solved, obv attempt to avoid refunds, ruined the point of the sale for people.11/10 Wait to see if they take their money goggles off"
,Recommended,271590,15421975,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Zse',"Finally GTA V PC version released on 2015. april 14. The long wait has been worth it!! The game is here and it's more than awesome!! So many, many CONTENT... really big open world map with nice cars, activities, wildlife... and Los Santos, the living and breathing city of the Grand Theft Auto Universe.The upgraded HD graphics looks beautiful, i think it's the most beautiful game of 2015. The city is so detailed, even the characters and their animations and the weather is so realistic too. The online gameplay have so many interesting and challenging missions - my fav is the plane races !! ^^) GTA is a KOTH!!! (King of the Hill) | Best game ever! |Thanks RockStar for bringing GTA V to PC, and thanks for the Max Payne 3 porting team who's made a well-optimised port with many customisable options!! Great Work guys!!"
76561198171880029,Not Recommended,271590,32705253,Posted: 23 June,all,Nrotupa,GTA V was the best game to me because of the mods. I did lots of fun stuff but now the mods are gone. How could you? You just banned fun. I'm never buying a game from Rockstar.
14522518792252116,Not Recommended,271590,32659045,Posted: 22 June,all,/r/androiddev,"Very disheartened to see what TakeTwo is doing for this great game. Modding brings a whole new level of life to a game like GTA, and to see it be practically outlawed is ridiculous."
76561198044811001,Not Recommended,271590,32840133,Posted: 26 June,all,Fizmus,TAKE TWO CEO DESERVES TO BE FIRED
,Not Recommended,271590,18857529,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ahmed_ksa_,"This game is great, until you go to play online... It takes waaay to long to load online (close to 5 minutes on a high end pc like mine) and once you get there it is miserable to play. Nearly every session i have joined the past 2 weeks has at least one hacker either giving everyone money, or just running around with invincibility killing everyone."
,Not Recommended,271590,33047377,Posted: 30 June,all,Grunt636,"Probably the best single player game i've ever played but online is just appauling. The grinding you have to do to purchase content online is worse than any free to play game I've ever played,"
,Recommended,271590,15401104,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Fortitudinem,"It's A-OK.Wasn't too happy when I found that my product key was ALREADY IN USE so I had to buy it AGAIN.Love you too, Rockstar Games."
,Not Recommended,271590,16336296,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fed,Buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ they still haven't patched the ♥♥♥♥ing thing...
76561198130382972,Not Recommended,271590,24378250,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mr. Gamish,"Mods are back, but Rockstar and especially take two don't deserve any support after what they tried to do.I will leave my review negative."
76561198179597362,Not Recommended,271590,33417325,Posted: 9 July,all,edy_,paid mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15696235,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Paragon,Launch game.Adjust FoV.Get banned.Would spend $60 USD on again.
,Not Recommended,271590,16019773,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mr. Takes,A great game ruined (at least online) by hackers. The developer doesn't seem to be doing anything about it. I can't suggest buying it until they do.
,Not Recommended,271590,15914445,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,e_m_cleoold,"When willing play online, click Play Grand Theft Auto V to the story mode, then press Esc, head to Online - Play Online - Invite Only Session.Another issue in the online mode... is... cheating.Twenty days ago, some guys built themselves very high level and very much money so that they became able to buy plenty of things such as helicopters jetfighters and tanks used for killing other players including me, and made us terrified.After that, they got a 15-day ban. We thought r* would give them a fair punish (clear all data), and.... improve the anti-cheating....Last week, they got dis-blocked! Except the cash was set to 20000, they kept almost anything! Cars planes weapons houses! Now I rethink why I didn't take a off-game time in exchange for those good things!Ending up like that?Nope.Now guys who cheat use more ways~Some people lock their health and attack you.Some people teleport to your position and attack you.Some people use both ways and farm you.Some people eject you out from car while you're driving on a normal high speed.Some people spawn disgusting things in front of you.Some people bomb you as soon as you walk out from house.Some people still kill you even if you're in passive mode.Some people use certain way to shoot you with minigun, after dying you'll be surprised to find your ammo are 0, pay $200,000 for ammo!Some people use certain way to shoot you with minigun. They shoot you... money bags! Hard to escape. And you'll get money, what'll happen, imagine yourself. I believe they will be very glad to see that.When I see new cheat, I will update this!After experiencing and found that seems Asian cheaters are more.Please think clearly before purchasing!What I say are not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Using Trevor's word, believe or not!ps: It's said getting money spawned by other player won't be banned. I'll be trying this awesome thing!Edited on 23/5This game's online mode is very well.But r*'s server is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15683736,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dio,got banned from multiplayer for FOV mods
76561197970699116,Not Recommended,271590,15702522,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,KickAssDave,"While the game itself is actually pretty good.  I'm afraid I simply cannot agree with the attitude Rockstar has towards the modding community.  Grand Theft Auto IV was a success so far on from its original release on PC because of the ability to modify the game and not because of the game itself.I discovered Rockstar are now banning players because of modifying the game WHILE PLAYING OFFLINE!  What a disgusting way of treating thousands of loyal customers and the PC community.  Work with your customers, not against them.  Utterly disappointed in this company and can and will promise never to buy any games from them again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32966843,Posted: 28 June,all,sotha sil,bad gaem
76561198056369998,Not Recommended,271590,16345794,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kaysey,"Increases price of games to put on ""sale"", ♥♥♥♥ these greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, not like they have enough money already."
,Not Recommended,271590,32579405,Posted: 19 June,all,Will,Offline mode does not work after the computer has been restarted.
,Not Recommended,271590,16515350,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Redeemer,"I own this game. After seeing how Rockstar uses bad ethics and deception for monetary gain, I really don't have anything good to say about it. Give it a pass.edit: 2 years later after getting comments like ""kill yourself"" for this review, people are now giving bad reviews en masse due to corporate greed ruining things. All I have to say is... told ya so."
,Not Recommended,271590,16327750,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kyrakez,"WELL PLAYED ROCKSTAR!!!!!....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198111285307,Not Recommended,271590,16386758,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Offline ''New Acc'',"Singleplayer is great (+) ... Online is bad (-) ...The price is the WORST (-) ...(Summer sale) (- rep)Game delayed for 2 months or smth (-)....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...Rockstar are all the middle fingers of the world are not enough for you?1/10 would not buy again"
76561197995520368,Not Recommended,271590,15702860,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Panini pepe,bought gta IV got mods even betterbought gta V no mods to make better0/10rockstar are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,271590,15722314,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Puroxicity,"When I bought the game, they allowed mods..Now, Mods get you banned.I bought the game before they changed their mind, but im still ♥♥♥♥ed...No RockStar.... NO! Your screwed, watch your game burn."
,Recommended,271590,15342904,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,eXezon acc hijacked thx valv.e,I just flew a plane into a building. 9/11 would play again
,Recommended,271590,16573114,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Boner Breath,"Riddle me this batman, how the heck am I supposed to make a pirate crew and jack peoples' boats from 'em if there ain't no boatsies on multiplayer?Besides that: excellent."
76561198130377615,Not Recommended,271590,32733022,Posted: 24 June,all,ben2000,no mod no like
,Not Recommended,271590,15718380,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Chopsticks,"Gameplay is fun, though:* Keyboard/mouse conmtrols is terrible for everything else then shooting. You NEED a controller to drive properly, due to sensitive/jumpy controls* Loading time is unacceptable. yes, i know it is a ""open world simulation game that has loads of stuff to load"", but 1-3 minutes is still unacceptable.* Lack of high FOVAnd the grand finale:* You will be permanently be banned from the game if you mod it. EVEN if you mod single player.(Multiplayer makes sense)Rockstar. We trusted you with this game, but in the end, you are a disgrace to the game development scene. Get_the_♥♥♥♥ out of the market until you can learn to respect your userbase and not just exploit the most part of the userbase that doesnt know better. Seriously.Rockstar has also treated people with hacked accounts poorly. Reports show people calling support are read a de-facto line, then hung up on with no further support. This is unacceptable.All in all, the content is really impressive and entertaining parody of america today with tonnes of things to do, but the software and rockstar policies are apalling. 4/10 I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,271590,15697673,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Moo Beast,"GTA 5, Rockstars greatest disappointment to date. Delayed for months on end for what only the most optimistic of people could assume was to release a functioning game. But aside from the day one issues of the game not launching if you happen to have an odd pc username or integrated graphics card, and you managed to get into the game, you were met with loading screen after loading screen. Finally after 10 minutes of being juggled between single player and online mode, and you finally manage to get into the same session with your friends, you were cruelly separated again by multiple loading screens after completing a job.But aside from the horrible way the game tosses you around from loading screen to loading screen you still have to deal with the 1000+ minor annoyances in the game left behind from its console counterparts. Like the god awful weapon wheel. Perfectly fine on a controller and a must when dealing with more than 2 weapons. but a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare on pc. Oh hey want to use your favorite pistol? Hold tab, awkwardly move your mouse around, and then scroll wheel for 5 seconds. Need to heal with a snack or put on some armor? hit your ""Quick menu"" and navigate through several sub-menus to get to them. God forbid you give pc users, who are playing on devices with more than 10 buttons, the ability to bind one of those buttons to quickly heal or equip armor.Oh and the lovely peer to peer hosting, no better way for someone from Scottland to meet a couple aussies, or bring an American and a bunch of Europeans together on a roller coaster shouting into their mics for bonus rp. You know the best part of pc gaming for game developers? you don't even need to host your own game servers, thousands of people will literally spend hundreds of dollars paying for their own servers, that make the experience infinitely better. But we were left to suffer through the atrocity that is p2p and all the fun things it brought, like cheaters.Just as swiftly as modding came for single player, cheaters came for online. For weeks GTA Online was filled with people running around in god mode, causing havoc, spawning things inside of others garages, and running suicide scripts on the sad participants in their lobby. But Rockstar did finally bring an end to the hacker madness with a huge ban wave that felt no need to discriminate. For the script kiddies sprinting down the street as invincible monkeys with their explosive gatling guns, received the same punishment as those who we're caught in a money storm as bags of cash fell on them spawned in from another person.2/10 Bite me"
76561198038617098,Not Recommended,271590,32786718,Posted: 25 June,all,demir_grad,Modding is extending gameplay for many hours for people who love the game. It also attracts more people to buy the game and makes the community grow. I am very dissapointed in a franchise that i loved for so long.
,Recommended,271590,31300907,Posted: 22 April,all,ZaLmoXis,"I think that i have played long enough to write a review.Grand Theft Auto V is truly a stunning game.You got everything you want.The graphics absolutely amaze me.You got heists,missions,last team standing,deathmatches etc.It is a really fun game overall.Bad thing is,GTAO is full of modders/hackers which can drop money,spawn your clones and randomly spawn vehicles.But besides that,i find it really interesting.The heists are the fun part for me.I would recommend it on any price.Worth every single cent.Thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15697110,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,MiniJack,Mods are a bannable offence. Even in single player!Game is currently not the best optimized for low end systems - I get constant sub 30 when driving (HD 7850)
,Not Recommended,271590,15755696,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,niipazzo,"Online mode is full of bugs, daily quests descriptions are incorrect, crashing in heists, you are often disconnected from online session, when trying to connect to online session and when connect fails you are automatically loading story mode - WHY? if i wanna play online? Matchmaking is another story... impossible to find decent ammount of players for example rally or capture modes because you have to pick a particular mission, not just any mission with type rally or capture.There are way more bugs that i stated... game is released 1.5 years on consoles, so plenty of time to realize whats bad about it and release playable version on PC. ♥♥♥♥ you R*"
76561197994873491,Recommended,271590,16547690,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gangrer,"Coming from someone who has played the PC port of GTA IV, believe me, this is a GREAT port for the next instalment. The price is still pretty expensive and I would recommend buying it when it drops lower unless you can't wait to hijack a military jet or you are a hardcore GTA fan. I would also suggest playing this with a gamepad instead of a mouse except in some instances of shooting in moving vehicles. Ok, now time for the pros and cons:PROS- Good balance in gameplay time and character development between the 3 characters.- Graphics is very good and I would strongly recommend playing it at at least High settings, Try limiting the drop to Normal settings as it can really make a whole lot of difference.- Story is great and interesting except for a few loophole plots. Nonetheless, it really got my attention most of the time and future DLCs will definitely make it better- Voice acting is superb, I love the voice casts in this. They really suit their own characters, bravo R*- Director mode is pretty fun, its a PC exclusive and it enables the players to create their own settings (there are limitations though such as dialogues etc) and place characters that can be unlocked during story mode. I usually use it to wreck havoc in the game lolCONS- Online. As with many others, I find it hard to play an online mission without meeting someone who uses cheat. Sometimes, you will spend so much time looking for a party to play in and the missions ends in a blink of an eye.- Garage bug. Yup, I am one of the many victims who lost their heavily upgraded vehicles in their own garage after exiting the game. It doesn't happen all the time but you do get the fear of when this bug will strike next on your beloved carsAll in all, this game is still great on its own. I would suggest GTA fans to get this. For neutrals, maybe get at a lower price."
,Recommended,271590,15473574,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,CurbShifter,"Just wow !60 bucks but so much content.. which wont keep me from asking for more heists though. ""I want them !""However im no fan of the dragged out and non-skippable! cut-scenes explanations in the heists. the loading of the game or switching session takes long enough already (on reasonable high end hardware 3.9ghz i7 ssd gtx980)Few minor bugs at the moment still, freezing screens while loading in heists (most times fixed with 2 times alt+tab)And sometimes GTA online messes up a session."
,Recommended,271590,30265023,Posted: 1 March,all,(O)RE,"Huge and well made game. It still remains expensive, but it worths the money."
76561198051233394,Not Recommended,271590,32643020,Posted: 22 June,all,NielsManten,Modding is now banned
,Recommended,271590,22656679,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kallus Rourke,"I have always been a huge GTA fan.  My introduction to GTA was through Vice City when I was a kid, and thinking back now really brings back the memories of how amazing and fantastic that game was.  I originally owned GTA V on PS3 a year or two back, but upgraded to PC for obvious reasons.  I was on a laptop, and was worried GTA V would be far too much for it to handle.  It was only recently a friend let me download and try GTA from their account (Love you, Geronimo <3), and surprise surprise, it actually runs good on my laptop.  But enough of that.On PC, GTA V is just perfect.  The graphics are so amazing, and the possibilities are endless.  The main thing I do is play modded GTA V, LSPDFR.  It is extremely fun and addicting to play the opposite side of GTA, and while Rockstar may not be happy with modders, I am very thankful for them.GTA V's story is keeping in line with its older brothers, although I will say this story isveryunique in that you play asTHREEdifferent characters, and throughout the story, they slowly intersect.  When  they meet, this leads to epic missions with either two or all three of them, in which you can switch between them in the mission.The main characters are the complete opposites of each other, and it's simply hilarious and brilliant.  Out of the three, Trevor is my favorite.  Rockstar did an amazing job putting this crazy, psychotic character together.  The sh*t he does and says will have you rolling.  While Trevor can be intense and very different from most people's tastes, I think the best part about him is that he is this crazy, law breaking Redneck hipster.All in all, GTA V is an incredible game, and I love it.  However, there are two things.1) GTA Online is pure cancer. Every single lobby is full of either people that hack/cheat, stalk you and continually kill you, people in tanks/jets, etc.  GTA Online can only be properly played with friends.  There is peaceful mode, but that does not stop people, as there other things they can do.2) While Rockstar may not want to pay the real life vehicle makers to use their vehicles in game, I find it sad that Rockstar is unable to make the vehicles look real.  I've downloaded vehicle mods for all the police vehicles, and all of the mods are far more accurate.  The Police Stanier is a perfect example.  It's supposed to look like a Crown Vic, but it's not as close as it could be to being accurate."
76561198152090856,Not Recommended,271590,32872321,Posted: 27 June,all,lex.zeeman,R.I.P. openIV.
,Recommended,271590,15402475,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"Imma let you finish but GTA V is one the best ports of all time... ONE OF THE BEST PORTS OF ALL TIME!!It was totally worth the wait for a better version after playing it on PS3. There's a huge jump in terms of visuals.Besides, custom soundtracks, mods, first person mode, better graphics, smoother frame rates, higher resolution, more music and of course, the best thing ever; the amazing director mode. I love you Rockstar!!!!10000 OUT OF 10!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15709098,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Malkiv,Can't decide on which title this game should have gone by;CTD Simulator 2015 or Online Disconnection Simulator 2015 or Reload Into Your Own Private Limbo Where Apparently Nothing You Do Will Allow You To Rejoin Friends Or Crew Online Simulator 2015
76561198152007812,Not Recommended,271590,15400369,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Myseashell4 bolt.gg,"I have a windows 8 and it says when i type in the activation code: ""This Activation Code Has Already Been Used"" I cant play the game Steam and Gta V and Rockstar pls fix this. I dont wanna waste 60$ on crap."
,Recommended,271590,22901437,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ade,Spawn into online session.Walk outside apartment.50 huge planes.Numerous dead cops.Chrome monster trucks.A couple of windmills.A ****ing christmas tree.Fire.and a modder holding a minigun that fires cars.Died in an explosion.joined new session.Repeat.11/10 would die in fiery chrome christmas explosion again
76561197990044075,Not Recommended,271590,33290754,Posted: 5 July,all,Lion,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
,Not Recommended,271590,28578411,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,FalconWraith,"GTA V isn't a BAD game. But it's by no means a great game.I'm not going to be talking about the story mode, as I never really got into it and didn't enjoy it much. Yes it's more GTA, and if that doesn't sell you I don't know what will.Let's talk about Online.First of all, I don't agree with hacking to harass other players, and I certainly dont agree with microtransactions either. This makes Online a bit of an annoyance for people like me. I dont have the time to pour hours into the game in order to get the money required to buy even 1 high end car, yet the game seems to demand that I do so if I want any chance of having fun in free roam, or misions.Secondly, I am banned from Online at the moment.I gave in. I couldn't get enough money for new content, which is getting more and more expensive every patch, and, even while buying Shark Cards, which I honestly find both disgustingly overpriced, and hilariously plastered all over the game's menus, I couldnt afford everything.Paying more than the game is worth for 8 million in game cash, quite frankly nothing compared to the price of some of the high end stuff, is not worth it in my opinion, and honestly, it shouldn't even be there as an option.I had a look around online, and tried a few mod menus, and time trial hacks for the sole purpose of getting money faster.Did I deserve the ban? Yes.Do I think that the bans are overkill? A little, I think that deleting all of the progress I had made, including before I had ever hacked, is a little too much. The 30 day suspension I 100% agree I deserved.(For those of you that don't know, R*'s new ban policy is more brutal than before, which was just a 14 day ban for the first offence, then a 30 day ban, then a permaban. Now the bans are, 30 day ban, and all progress ever made on the account is wiped and reset to 0. Then perma ban.)What makes this all worse is, R* have banned legitimate players for hacking in the same ban wave I was caught in. I deserved it, I hacked, although the punishment is overkill and makes me want to drop the game altogether. The legit players have had their progress reset back to 0, and R* are refusing to restore any of these people's stuff.Personally I feel that R* have ruined a fun game, by awful management of players, way too brutal punishments, and horribly inflated time or money costs.I feel that in order to have fun, you need to cheat in some of the good stuff, and that to me, is not an enjoyable experience.Online is a mess, a fun mess, but a mess. New players are way too far behind to even bother trying to catch up to the veterans who played back in the PS3/X360 days, who all have tens of millions to spend on new content.This isn't even going into the bugs and glitches that plague the game, which R* seem to ignore in order to combat the fun, harmless glitches, like wearing a mask and a helmet at the same time.Edit: Never mind. Single player sucks now. ♥♥♥♥ Take Two Interactive."
,Not Recommended,271590,28575817,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bojangles,"Horrible game.  GTA used to have good plots and single player.  They gutted that and replaced it with poorly designed multiplayer where it takes forever to find other people to do a mission and most of the people are hackers, children, or don't speak English.  The fact that they sell in game currency for such ridiculous amounts should be the only warning sign you need, this franchise is dead."
,Not Recommended,271590,32470243,Posted: 16 June,all,Nobaddy,Top 10 Brutes1. Take Two Interactive
,Not Recommended,271590,32549362,Posted: 18 June,all,Tyler,"There are 2 ways...Way 1:Develop GTA 5Develop Tool ModEarn money by your gameReward: Good reviewWay 2:Develop GTA 5Ban a indie Mod ToolEarn money by your gameReward: Bad reviewT2 chose the way 2.. then i give them the deserved reward.If they change way, i will change reward."
76561197965776052,Recommended,271590,23884086,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,|GC| Stumbler,"Roughly 18 months after a shaky start that was plagued by technical issues, we're back in Los Santos for more multiplayer action in GTA Online.And having embarked on our fair share of Heists, climbed the property ladder, and committed more murders than a convicted serial killer, it's clear GTA 5's online experience is starting to live up to its potential."
76561198010933868,Not Recommended,271590,17048708,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,holophyte,"Widespread performance issues after Ill Gotten Gains 2 update, particularly with unplayable FPS drops.  Scant recognition of problem by Rockstar with no fix in sight.  I've only had the game a couple weeks.  Severely disappointed."
,Recommended,271590,19726321,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hooman,Multiplayer mode hacker everywere
,Not Recommended,271590,32427074,Posted: 15 June,all,jmunos,RIP OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,16342818,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kowalski,In my very first hour of online gameplay hackers ruined my experience.:(((
,Not Recommended,271590,16379800,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gremy Cat,the game was nice to look at but aside from that I am just upset I pre-ordered and waiting for this. Its like a hot dumpster fire in July... you cannot even benifit from the heat. and I really wanted to love this game.
76561197973149872,Not Recommended,271590,16339479,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Johnny Benzene,"I am not sure if I am more disappointed in rockstar for manipulating the price of their game to mislead their customers, or thinking they wouldn't get caught.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ move."
,Not Recommended,271590,32498602,Posted: 17 June,all,LORIBBER,"""What can we do to our dying game? ""thinking"" Oh yea lets make modding illegal..."" Well if GTA hasnt been dead already now it is dead. Good way to ruin your Reputation. xD btw."
76561198041301946,Not Recommended,271590,29888418,Posted: 12 February,all,Vahn,"I got banned for 30 days after playing for a couple hours right after buying the game. No explanation & of course I wasn't using any mods/cheats, nothing of the sort. With no appeal rights I have no choice but to ask for a refund on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I DID NOTHING WRONG. BUYER BEWARE!"
76561198159987523,Not Recommended,271590,32432785,Posted: 15 June,all,King Fightist,THEY TOOK OUR MOD TRHE C**TS!
,Recommended,271590,25183621,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,☾★!BaDeR...'O.o'☾★,game is better without cheaters without any modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32420210,Posted: 14 June,all,wellwhy,what a dumb publisher... such a dumb CEO... up yours Take 2.
,Recommended,271590,19469521,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Svasch,"Ok, So after over 240 hours on pc and over 1000 hours on playstation, i must say that this is one of the best games ever! I have played many, many games in my life, and this is on the top 5 list. Its a completly open-world game, and Rockstar gives you the opportunity to do what the fu** ever u want to do!11/10, would buy it again."
,Recommended,271590,21479211,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Project Mayhem Col,"Story mode is amazing, as good as the previous titles of the GTA series (tons of missions and characters). The online mode in general is very fun to play with friends, otherwise you will have a hard time trying to do the missions and stuff with other people messing around or killing you all the time."
,Recommended,271590,19855505,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,✪ murtcEPs,"Frumos , elegant , cat de cat."
,Recommended,271590,20303198,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Evil Anuska,best game ev
76561197985926058,Not Recommended,271590,32441306,Posted: 15 June,all,Toshy,So untill recently i enjoyed GTA V a lot. But now they banned OpenIV and have taken a negative stance against modding in general. Little by little the game is being ruined by it's greedy creators.First online turned into a pay to play enviroment and a grindfest. So i moved to singleplayer. Now they have ruined singleplayer as well by effectively banning mods from the game.Well i will just add Rockstars to the growing list of companies that don't listen to their community and only are interested in their own greed. Of course this also means this will be the last time i purchased anything from them!R.I.P. GTA and the great studio Rockstars used to be...
,Not Recommended,271590,32561199,Posted: 19 June,all,Syrriv,RIP Mods ;(
,Recommended,271590,32944442,Posted: 28 June,all,Meeko. No chat...,"Regardless of mod-ability, its a good game. Its a good story, its classic Grand Theft Auto nonsense."
,Not Recommended,271590,32466352,Posted: 16 June,all,MAN_on_MARS,Killing mods. Questionable dlc policy.
,Not Recommended,271590,18823042,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Urah,"This game is a candidate for an overwhelmingly positive reviewJust only for the campaign.BUTSingleplayer is of no interest for Rockstar.Time has proven that by a long shot.Shark Cards is what matters.Shark Cards are online.So it all comes down to money.Money that cheaters might give you the same way that they can blow you or/and blow your car, your hard-worked cargo...And IF you receive a dime from these cheaters(which OVERPOPULATE THE GAME - First huge mistake of any developer)Prepare to have your money ""balanced"" and all your money taken away... even millions...From Rockstar.So... extremely poor management.Unfair punishments.(Will it be true that players were unfairly banned after all?)The greediest intentionsand the cheapest results.Negative review for a game that SHOULD have been a classic.And it almost became one.Instead: it is the epitome of what an online game should NEVER be."
,Not Recommended,271590,29732906,Posted: 5 February,all,SkareKrow,"I have NEVER written a review before. But this mess called for one. The game seemed awesone. I have friends with around 1k hours of gameplay that made me decide to ignore the warnings of random bans.Lo and behold, I got banned after 5 hours. I still have no idea why. I was just a greenhorn learning the ropes from a vet when I was ripped from the car I was in and given a 30 day ban. And I apparently cant get a refund for this because it was over 2 hours (setting up rockstar social club, and long GTA online load times counts as gametime).I never spend full price for a game, but this one time I did. And I got screwed for it. Dont buy this unless you're willing to gamble the cost to a ban.Update: I submitted a ticket to Rockstar. The ticket has a dropdown menu for the issue choice. I picked 'Appeal a ban' and wrote out everything I could. Click submit, and got an immediate automated denial saying bans can't be appealed. 1- Why the **** would 'appeal a ban' be an option if I'm just going to be automatically denied? 2- I was automatically banned by thier software and automatically denied by the website. No human involvement whatsoever, and the system has the final say. This is bull****."
,Not Recommended,271590,32460908,Posted: 15 June,all,squirrelfox,"I used to be really into GTA Online.  Then they went crazy.  The CEO and MC stuff is fun, except for the fact that it can only be done in pubs, which are infested with hackers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, making it damn near impossible to actually earn the money to unlock all the stuff they added in, forcing you to have to buy those damned shark cards (which I'm embarassed to say I bought a couple of).Then they went and decided to♥♥♥♥♥♥on modding.  So much for longevity.Not only am I done sinking money into GTA Online, but I'm not going to buy any future game from Rockstar or Take Two.  Don't support fee to pay online games."
,Not Recommended,271590,33349031,Posted: 7 July,all,no war plz,Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,16371280,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nicklovn,"New Computer Update:I have an i5-7300hq + GTX 1050 + 8GB RAM + 7200RPM HDDGame runs better. Stutter still occurs but is now occasional. Still, it becomes noticeable at times. Otherwise, game runs well.HOWEVER, a new issue has appeared. Sound slowly disappears. Not sure what is happening but I lose sound over time. it gets progressively quieter and quieter. Still seeing if it's some keyboard shortcut. I'll leave my review as is simply because the game disappointed me but given that I tested on a new system I figured I'd add a few new words.Been playing these games since Vice City. They've always been fun and simultaneously stupid in the best way.But this game is the first time I've ever sought a refund. I had 14 hours because it works when you stay in one place, but when driving the game starts stuttering terribly. I bought this at the same time as Witcher so I figured I'd resolve the issue later and just shoot at peds until then. My request for a refund was denied by Valve....Just Google ""GTA V Stutter"" and see what cards cause the most trouble. It seems GTX 660's are the most popular but I've seen some 7XX and 8XX as well as a lot of AMD's.I play Witcher 3 smoothly. I play Far Cry 2 smoothly. Blacklist, Total War, etc. etc. all run smooth as butter. This, this is disappointing. Ugh, I've tried all the solutions I just want my money back. And I think I was cursed with the fact that it's around the Steam sale so it looks like I just decided ""oo lookie I can get $60 back after playing an immense 14 hours and 'rent' all these other games then get my money back""Edit: Tried another solution. MSAA to 8x was suggested. Lost some frames and thought the stutter was gone. I was wrong. The stutter persists.I went against my instincts to buy a Rockstar game on PC. They run poorly on consoles but they run attrociously on PC. It is inconceivable that a game which runs on an Xbox 360 can't run with 10x the RAM, a superior CPU, 2 GB VRAM, etc.Something is wrong with this game and it needs a lot of work. Even Alpha titles can't be released in such a state that so many people have this issue."
,Not Recommended,271590,32483217,Posted: 16 June,all,Moinky,"Rock* actions in regards to harmless single player modding, while still allowing aimbots and the like online is terrible, and it sets a bad example for future R* games.Greed ruins another game that could've been good."
,Not Recommended,271590,32441285,Posted: 15 June,all,"Sprinko ""Can't hit a shot"" Wahen",Rip OpenIV. RIP GTA5 modding.
76561198178498210,Not Recommended,271590,32441297,Posted: 15 June,all,Standup47,Why did you disscontinue the modding gamers can stand it when you make it harder for us to mod but REALLY CLIENT SIDE MODDING you must be out of your mind take two!!! All you whant is for us to go onto gta online!! AND SPEND MONEY!All im going to say is that your out of bussniss.
,Not Recommended,271590,32694059,Posted: 23 June,all,BenLikesTea,mods > new update
,Not Recommended,271590,18768864,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,★εїзVS☠ MiGuEliTo #Starco ✮εїз❤☯,"Take Two has really shot themselves in the knee here with the whole Open IV situation. This... this is not okay! As much as it pains me to give this game a negative review we can not just sit around and let them destroy single player modding.I encourage you all to do the same, protest against Rockstar and Take Two until they learn their lesson and fix this!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32508519,Posted: 17 June,all,Yad,"To put it simply, the game itself is enjoyable and there's a good reason why many people like myself have put this many hours into it. This does not change the fact that Take-Two, unhappy with their football stadiums of cash, want to deliberately attack fans and modders of the game. These passionate fans put months of work into crafting something to fill the desires of those who wish to see more single player content, and Take-Two has squandered this in the pettiest display of corporate greed I have ever seen from any company.Rockstar doesn't deserve the flak this game is getting, but Take-Two sure as hell do, which is why I won't be purchasing Civilizations 6, XCOM 2, or the upcoming Red Dead Redemption 2 for Take-Two's anti-consumer practices."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437686,Posted: 15 June,all,Audi R8,"I bought this to mod it, now I can't."
76561198129902438,Not Recommended,271590,32607413,Posted: 20 June,all,Fat@$$ Engie,"Developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the people that play the game. Research the Open IV controversy if you want a clear example (A video by a guy named GypsyYT about this also clears it up). If you buy this game, you're accepting the fact that the developers would rather rob you of your money than create a fun game. They don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you."
76561198012181142,Not Recommended,271590,34543355,Posted: 27 August,all,[82DK] Hexagoner,"the game is great, but Rockstar's business model makes it impossible to recommend. I was about to buy a second copy to play with my sister, but after checking out the prices of the stuff, she would have to grind for weeks only to get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car, let alone the cool stuff. Don't buy unless you're willing to sink hundreds extra of real money in Shark Cards"
76561198041600922,Not Recommended,271590,34428572,Posted: 22 August,all,Saint Kefka,"The single player is great but the online play is so full of hackers that you won't have an enjoyable experience. If you do manage to get into a session without hackers, rest assured that the community is absolute poison and will do everything in its power to be annoying. Buy this ONLY if intend to play single player and skip online."
76561198016306050,Not Recommended,271590,34534533,Posted: 27 August,all,AngriusMaximus,"A once-fun Online experience RUINED by the sheer amount of idiotic players who don't know basic respect and insist on high payouts in heists despite their sheer incompetance.Examples include Gunners who cannot shoot worth a damn, Pilots who spam the Cannons on Hydras, yet are unable to fly or land both jets and helicoters (BIG Problem with this one) properly or execute simple flight patterns to evade missiles, and people who think that just because they wear a snazzy outfit and look tough, that they are somehow bulletproof (Mr AI NPC begs to differ).Hackers and griefers also come after you in Public sessions, necessitating the near consistant usage of Passive Mode.When you do manage to kill them, they insult you, which begs the question of what is a smarter tactic. Is it spamming automatic fire, or actually WORKING AS A TEAM WITH TACTICS to kill these annoying idiots.Also, many players, ESPECIALLY the mainland chinese tend to use the public voice chat as their own personal chatroom, spoiling the experience for others."
76561198079471041,Not Recommended,271590,32520188,Posted: 17 June,all,Lone Courier,"I love this game as much as anyone else, but the new update took away all my money, everything is so expensive, the bases have timers that you have to PAY to get the upgrades you want, and it all around isn't as fun as it used to be.That and the loss of OpenIV has ruined any fun i was having with it. I may still play from time to time, but i've been pretty burnt out recently.Please fix this rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427484,Posted: 15 June,all,Purple,"RIP GTA MODSTake-Two have issued a cease and desist for the GTA modding backbone, effectively removing the majority of all GTA mods.Link to a video going into more detail and links to articles:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gKlBIPR_ok&t=1sRest in peace mods,We will remember them"
,Not Recommended,271590,32435525,Posted: 15 June,all,Dornaldo Trumpton,Take Two issues a cease and desist for Open IVTake Two kills modding communityCommunity stops buying Take Two gamesNobody winsREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198062777446,Not Recommended,271590,32434551,Posted: 15 June,all,MaxQuack!,"Modding made this game great, and after 2 years of a thriving mod scene take two took it away. Online has always been 50% loading screens, 50% hackers.♥♥♥♥ Take Two.Never buying another Rockstar game.I stll haven't forgiven them for not releasing RDR on PC"
,Not Recommended,271590,32510446,Posted: 17 June,all,Cubity_First,"Take Two has really shot themselves in the knee here with the whole Open IV situation. This... this is not okay! As much as it pains me to give this game a negative review we can not just sit around and let them destroy single player modding.I encourage you all to do the same, protest against Rockstar and Take Two until they learn their lesson and fix this!"
,Not Recommended,271590,28809286,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,theworld,Banned for using open camera for rockstar editor 10/10
76561198040729522,Not Recommended,271590,32436424,Posted: 15 June,all,๖ۣۜHjalte Ham Selv๖ۣۜ,Bring back mods
,Not Recommended,271590,33469944,Posted: 11 July,all,CapoTez,dislike online
76561198114770264,Not Recommended,271590,32423836,Posted: 14 June,all,RED,Worst online business model... (single player is amazing) - #makegtagreatagain
,Not Recommended,271590,32531865,Posted: 18 June,all,τ4χsзτ シ,"Grand Theft Auto 5 in general was a good game... But now, after singleplayer-modding has been shut down by ""Take Two Interactive"", the game will never be that attractive to gamers like me, who prefer playing singleplayer with mods (Like PoliceMod). It's very sad, but I think everyone knew that this day, where a big games publisher says they don't tolerate modding anymore, would come.Well... can I recommend this game? No... not anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,32481960,Posted: 16 June,all,あやや ♥ ~,"♥♥♥♥♥game, awful community management, OpenIV banned.Buy if u like loading simulators with raging schoolkids."
,Not Recommended,271590,32491406,Posted: 16 June,all,Currie,"Take-Two, you're a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing idiots.You've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥A LOT of people off recently with this removing Open IV business. Do us all a favour and ♥♥♥♥ off. You'll be surprised how many people buy the GTA series to mod it - I included. Did I buy GTA IV for what it was? No. I got IV for LCPDFR and I got V for LSPDFR.Your anti-mod policy is a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm glad to see people standing up for OIV. ♥♥♥♥ you, you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32432895,Posted: 15 June,all,Williambcd,"Online is filled with hackers. If you pay real money for in-game cash, they can steal your cash, riddling this game with unsafe microtransactions. Not to mention you have a fair probability of being banned for simply being in a public game with hackers without having done anything wrong.Singleplayer mods are seen as an illegal threat, an idea that is completely unfounded and has no basis in the law. The fact that Take Two sent a cease-and-desist letter to OpenIV could set a terrifying precedent.Don't help them get away with either of these things by purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420258,Posted: 14 June,all,Tbone,"http://gtaforums.com/topic/889348-take-two-vs-modding/More amazing business practices from the loveable people at Take Two, remember to purchase their shark cards and having fun is limited to whatever (they) tell you.PS Purchase Shark Cards and get ready for the latest Super Car update ad infinitum"
,Not Recommended,271590,32475240,Posted: 16 June,all,FacelessKnights,I've never touched the multiplayer due to all the hackers. I have however been a regular user of OpenIV which I use to create YouTube videos in Singleplayer. Now that OpenIV has been banned this game is useless and dated. Avoid at all costs. Especially avoid anything by Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,25577591,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dan,"I really, really wanted to love this game. I really did. I preordered the damn thing, endured three release date pushbacks, and played almost 700 hours on the game - that's not even counting the hours I spent playing on the Xbox 360 version. Despite being my most-played game on Steam - perhaps on any platform -I really can't recommend this game to anyoneI'd only recommend it to the clinically insane, because that's what you'd have to be in order to want to sink thousands upon thousands of your hard-earned dollarydoos into GTA Online to have any fun whatsoever.I am aware that Rockstar's plans for GTA Online DLC extend until 2020, but you'd think that they'd have made enough money off of the sales of one of the best-selling games of all time to continue with said plans, but no, Rockstar rely on mindless idiots to buy multiple £60 Shark Cards every time a new update drops just to have a decent car and a military vehicle to muck about in. Everything is way too expensive, even to the point where grinding the game to get what you want just stops being fun. And trust me, I'dpreferto grind for the stuff I want, and I would if I didn't have to carry out a month-long chore every time I wanted to upgrade my vehicle.Nevertheless, this isn't why I'm writing this review.Take Two Interactive, the publishers of the game, after ten years decide to be right ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and order a cease & desist on the popular modding tool OpenIV - you know, the tool that's been actively used to create and install probably 90% of the mods in GTA IV and V?Especially with GTA games, the modding community is what supports the lifespan and popularity of any PC game that gets sold. Just look at the games from way back when that started as mods and have now grown into even more popular fully-fledged games. You still see this today with a few games, so I'm really confused as to why thehellyou would stop that from happening on your own...Nice one, T2. On behalf of OpenIV,♥♥♥♥ you.</rant>"
,Not Recommended,271590,17006574,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,harrylolman,"NOT WORTH $70, WAIT FOR PRICE DROP.The single player is a fun experience with no real problems, so read on.Okay, so you are wondering if GTA ONLINE would be a fun experience... Well it is, if you can actually make it into a server without the game putting you in singleplayer for no reason... My favourite is when you connect to a server but the Rockstar cloud services screw up and you can't save any progress :^( What's the point of waiting for those incredibly long loading screens for something that is just stuffed?...You run out of stuff to do eventually Heists become a chore or (mostly) unplayable if you don't have friends there, races and stuff are always won by sweaty plebs that do nothing but learn each race track all day and to top it all off, hackers can hack with ease and with little indication of slowing down...Yes, they remove your guns, can't be killed, spawn NPCs and other objects and also have the ability to blow up everyone on the server at once, thus making the freeroam experience broken as hell.DO NOT buy this game until a price drop even if bonus GTA online cash is offered... You can always buy cash cards later (or better yet just play the game...)The fact that we waited for a PC release this long and the game has just been broken after a recent patch (not the first time) is sad...I hardly play this game anymore..."
76561198300129195,Not Recommended,271590,32429974,Posted: 15 June,all,TheNerdDegree,Open IV is dead
76561198045577767,Not Recommended,271590,32426560,Posted: 14 June,all,Lydon Rayleonard,"♥♥♥♥ you Take2, you greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. How dare you attack the modding community, when the #1 reason people even bought this the third ♥♥♥♥ing time was because they could mod it on PC. You don't get a good review, and unless you turn your♥♥♥♥♥♥around, I won't be buying any more of your products."
,Not Recommended,271590,32426553,Posted: 14 June,all,Madgonian,"Take Two Interactive has ruined the modding scene in GTAV, this is due to them being comeplete money ♥♥♥♥♥s and forcing people into multiplayer so they can make more money, this is screwing over everyone and is going to make modding die out if we don't do somethingSo on behalf of the OpenIV team try to do something to stop this"
76561197980846728,Not Recommended,271590,28577019,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SolJa,"Everything in game is way too expensive, so playing without buying any shark cards would take you probably around 1,000 hours of online game play to be able to fight off the higher levels and actually start enjoying the game, even if you was to buy the most expensive shark card, that would not be enough, even a few Megalodon shark cards 8mil each  is still not enough to settle in and have all the offices etc for the missions only, not even mentioning the cars you will need and of course the air crafts. Also Rockstars auto ban is very very bad, you could be permanently banned even if you are innocent but the hackers will still roam GTA online when they were the ones caused an inocent player to be banned. plus there are so many hackers online that the game is almost unplayable! all the sessions/servers will have cheater and if they randomly dont like you, they will get you banned, which they know how to."
76561198045622760,Not Recommended,271590,32452570,Posted: 15 June,all,The Sandbitch,Forcing us to not do whatever we want with the product that we all bought with our own money and destroying thousands of people's work on the mods that we bought the PC version of the game for. They just Take Two much from us.
76561198106852865,Not Recommended,271590,32950042,Posted: 28 June,all,CanadianBuddy,"What the hell Rockstar?I've been playing GTA V since the online came out on Xbox 360, for hundreds of hours. I reached level 130+ legit and bought a shark card to get heist stuff when it came out.And now I log in to see that I've been banned for 30 days and that my character has been DELETED!? And all of this because some random modders gave me money I didn't even ask for?!It's not the fault of the players if your game's anti-cheat sucks!! You can't punish us for your breaches in security!You can't even imagine how disapointed I am... I don't know if I'm coming back, it's not worth it if I have to start at level 1 again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32436539,Posted: 15 June,all,"Myron Gains, Esq.","Take two CEO says that they're ""undermonetizing their users"". The online multiplayer is already a grindfest in order to get anywhere at all unless you buy fake money, with real money.THEN take-two sends a cease and desist letter to the OpenIV people in an attempt to kill the modding community...effectively killing single player modding, forcing those players online...where they can be charged for shark cards...in order to get any updated content.Sorry that the FOURTH BEST SELLING GAME OF ALL TIME isn't generating enough revenue for you, take two. I'll never support you again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32456302,Posted: 15 June,all,Sverr,Screwing over the single experience and mods for the sake of shark cards and multiplayer. Nice one Take 2
,Not Recommended,271590,32504193,Posted: 17 June,all,o.o,"Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3Modding is a beautiful part of gaming and has been around for the GTA series since GTA III, fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥now.This ban does not stop online modding, it just stops poeple from having fun; OpenIV is single player only, any attempt to use it online is not allowed and therefore it will not stop hacking online."
76561198141397068,Recommended,271590,15443215,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Vyrex,Played this game since ps3. Everyone asks where i got the Rossvelt. It feels good. 10/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32419935,Posted: 14 June,all,Zerkom122,You cant mod the game anymore because Take Two took down open iv and banned modding for this game in bothe single player and multiplayer. Uninstalling.
76561198070610587,Not Recommended,271590,32551947,Posted: 18 June,all,akhen,No mod support anymore
,Not Recommended,271590,32520462,Posted: 17 June,all,Ulayoth,Terrible business practices by Take-Two. Shame on them.
,Not Recommended,271590,17028410,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Spuder,"Was waiting for police mod 0.2 version , but it was canceled due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at rockstart trying to prevent mods !"
,Not Recommended,271590,32528934,Posted: 18 June,all,Gattsu,Take two just banned modding for this game damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198009381204,Not Recommended,271590,24557946,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RexTenebris,♥♥♥♥ YOU TAKE 2 YOU SCUM♥♥♥♥♥GUZZLING CUCKS!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32446214,Posted: 15 June,all,taylor,"Fun single player, bad online experience. I'm not usually a modder but how much of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ do you have to be to C&D a mod developer that adds value to your product. Sad."
,Not Recommended,271590,32463750,Posted: 15 June,all,s1cp,Making mods illegal is insane.Anti consumerism should not be tolerated.
,Not Recommended,271590,32663111,Posted: 22 June,all,brody,"Publisher killing the modding community, not worth playing this game without mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32426551,Posted: 14 June,all,[430] Jacket Jr.,"After the recent cease and desist from Take-Two against OpenIV, I can no longer recommend this game. Seriously, don't give your money to this trash company."
,Not Recommended,271590,32426385,Posted: 14 June,all,LiamMcKnight,destroyed modding....
,Not Recommended,271590,32683914,Posted: 23 June,all,thesoloist,"Great Game, Horrible companies. ♥♥♥♥ off Take two. RIP OpenIVSign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
76561198094371037,Not Recommended,271590,32432790,Posted: 15 June,all,Witcher_Eskel,I don't know why Rockstar have sold out so much with this game. Giving into the worst kind of penny pinching micro transactions or why they have rolled over to 2k on all these horrible policies. Story with rockstar is always great but multiplayer is just a a mess.Now with 2k signing a cease and desist to the OPEN4 modding team I feel ablidged to leave this review.
76561198074967451,Not Recommended,271590,32423839,Posted: 14 June,all,gjp,Don't kill mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32520400,Posted: 17 June,all,Havoc3001,A giant ♥♥♥♥ing horse♥♥♥♥♥♥in my ars* would be more pleasurable
,Not Recommended,271590,28581618,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,WeW4ever,"I don't normally review games, but when a company thinks it's a good idea to have their bans regulated by an automatic system when people who mod are able to manipulate other people's character's actions AND make the decisions final and unappealable, it warrants a negative review."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472245,Posted: 16 June,all,Nirie,Obligatory angry mod ban review!
,Not Recommended,271590,32496660,Posted: 17 June,all,yanot,"Insanely boring online (with Mad Max-style addons in California setting), absence of mods, banning of any other alternative online mods (like SAMP-style roleplay) and absolutely ignorant publisher (or whoever making those dumb decigions). Way to go, Rockstar and Take Two, way to go."
,Not Recommended,271590,32456321,Posted: 15 June,all,Ahrith,Take-Two shut down one of the main reasons to own this game on PC. GTA Online is a cash grab that is being milked for all it's worth. Don't support this disgrace of a company.
,Not Recommended,271590,32801592,Posted: 25 June,all,EhSaN_OnE,"i never taught i would do this but ...this is what happens when you mess with PC community....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...banning mods and trying to force players to multiplayer where they can't buy♥♥♥♥♥♥unless they pay to get in game money LIKE YOU HAVEN'T MADE ENOUGH MONEY SELLING ONE OF THE BEST SELLING FULL PRICED AAA GAMES OF ALL TIMEi never expected this from T2 and rockstarsToo late for them but i hope other companies learn something from this"
76561198129322728,Not Recommended,271590,32574326,Posted: 19 June,all,Slavic Seb,Can only be anti consumer for so long. Eventually the consumer will wise up to what your doing. Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥take two.
,Not Recommended,271590,16460116,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Reximux,"Hackers and baddest lobby matching ever. Thats all i have to say. Nothing is being done to stop the hackers. They are around in the GTA Online, play, kill people, and ruin the game with lobby money, attaching something like ufo and more!"
76561198056488128,Not Recommended,271590,16456583,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,(0|_3,"Well lets say the servers are so hacker infested its unplayable, the base game is great with the occasional crash but when your done single player that is it as multiplayer is a wreck.On a different note Rockstar has ruined the meaning behind sale."
76561198067929464,Not Recommended,271590,16459614,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,H.E.N.T.A.I,I would recommend this game to someone except that I have higher then recommended settings and the game runs terrible. So my one thing to say would be is dont by this game unless you have a fairly powerful pc. In other words a pc way over the recommended specs.
,Not Recommended,271590,16462488,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,IIISlim,"Would not recommend, its fun and all but theres no help from rockstar at all. and they are reak ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s when it comes to rule breaking because they dont care and ban you for first time offence of anything :) so they give you a big middle finger for spending $59.99 on a game that became GtaIV in a matter of days"
,Recommended,271590,15390926,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ryuzaki,The first person I met didn't shoot me in the face.10/10 would play this game again.
76561198049041090,Not Recommended,271590,16526187,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cheeky & Cheesy,"They raised the price right before the summer sale, for then selling it at the same price under ""-25%"". No matter how good the game is nothing makes up for this greed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429434,Posted: 15 June,all,SandalmanSam,RIP OpenIV.
76561198042186502,Not Recommended,271590,32429421,Posted: 15 June,all,GeArDEUS,Welp there goes all the fun for anyone who wanted to play GTA single player and goof around with a mod or two... Shame on you Take Two!!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32429408,Posted: 15 June,all,Navarro,"Take-Two, the game's publisher, has just banned most of this game's modding scene by sending a cease-and-desist letter to the team that develops OpenIV.A huge portion of the people who bought GTA 5 on PC, me included, did it to enjoy the mods. We already had console versions. Take-Two just killed that simply because they don't want the single-player experience of the game to upstage the microtransaction-based multiplayer.Take-Two doesn't care that they have the modding scene to thank for many sales and positive publicity. Take-Two doesn't care that the OpenIV team has been working extremely hard for ten years to make GTA games moddable, with no financial compensation and no mod support at all from developers. Take-Two doesn't care about the players who have meticulously modded the game to their exact taste and will now have it break as soon as the next update comes along.And that's because Take-Two is just as♥♥♥♥♥♥as your EAs and your Activisions. They looked at all the wonderful things modders had painstakingly built and proceeded to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on them, all because they think that'll let them wring a few more pennies from the PC version.♥♥♥♥ that, and ♥♥♥♥ Take-Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32577651,Posted: 19 June,all,legomaniac141,downvoting for take two destroying singleplayer moddingEDIT: So modding is back.... YAY. But I wont be changing my review as Take Two is just a terrible company for even taking down modding in the first place. Oh and online is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,33326974,Posted: 6 July,all,Alex,"-Has 5 millions legit, then hacker gives you money without your consent, money goes up to 14 mill.-Rockstar punishes you by putting your ingame currency to 0, yes /zero/ for something you didnt even do yourself.-Sukdick/10 best game company evertrrhdads<gs"
,Not Recommended,271590,32471733,Posted: 16 June,all,mod36,Has no regard for the modding scene on the PC. They only care about making as much money as possible from online microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,271590,28627720,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,N2Overwatch,OpenIV is bacc. Hell Yehh my recomendation this game is still a N O and i still like to send a nice warm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Y O U for banning openIV.
76561198054855327,Not Recommended,271590,33203749,Posted: 3 July,all,L0RD G4B3N,GTA Online is just a nightmare now...
,Not Recommended,271590,32652140,Posted: 22 June,all,Small Boss,"Aside from the stellar single-player experience I cannot recommend GTAO, it is horribly mismanaged and rife with cheating because every mission has low payouts for the time spent to encourage the purchase of ""shark cards"" (Microtransactions) to obtain money more conveniently, but there is no semblance of a coherant online experience as it is essentially everybody griefing each other in the open world nonstop or you going into missions for 35 minutes at a time to earn 40K, so save up millions using that method to purchase anything fun or interesting and you have the most boring grind, which is tough to imagine considering it's GTA gameplay but somehow they managed to make Grand Theft Auto Online incredibly boring / frustrating / grindy."
76561197984319436,Not Recommended,271590,32471352,Posted: 16 June,all,Holy Diver,Take Two only cares about money. The greedy ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,271590,32471263,Posted: 16 June,all,VelociFaptor365,"Good game but it belongs to money-hungry, scummy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who would rather silence the creative expression of the modding community and♥♥♥♥♥♥off it's entire fanbase than let its community enjoy the game, which they bought with their own money, whatever way they please. I will be boycotting any future Take-2 games until they improve their consumer relations and I GLADLY welcome anyone who is willing to do the same.We cannot afford to let Take-2 get away with this or else we risk the rest of the gaming industry follow this really REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practise. ♥♥♥♥ you Take-2, have fun rolling around in your money piles while you can, it will not last."
76561198035117375,Not Recommended,271590,33416860,Posted: 9 July,all,Teelve,Rip Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32459903,Posted: 15 June,all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,No modding?How about you shut your face and let us do our thing please
,Not Recommended,271590,28972129,Posted: 3 January,all,Blood Pressure,"Some hacker spawned money on me and got me banned,Rockstar says they won't unban me because bans can't be appealed.Can't even refund, this is bs."
,Not Recommended,271590,32428934,Posted: 15 June,all,Jimbobbubbaloothe3rd,Take 2 interactive basically killed the modding for this game. And will probably do the same for future games.
,Not Recommended,271590,32495833,Posted: 16 June,all,Gearsy,"Take-Two, I really hope you're going to do something to ease the raging inferno that's going on throughout the GTA modding community.I love the game, but I currently can't recommend it until some form of solution can be made so that modders can still freely mod the single player portion as they wish while allowing the multiplayer portion to run with fewer risks of running into cheaters."
,Recommended,271590,21265167,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,eMineLLL,"Do I recommend it? Hell yes.Is it fun offline? Yes.Is online any good? NO! 4 player jobs?! A player always nagging, another is afk, the other is a one-man-army-wannabe and the 4th one always drops out in near end of the mission. blowing every last ounce of our hope for a good online experience. gta online jobs? Might as well call it gta online b|0* jobs! :/p.s. I AM THE 4TH GUY! (mostly) My isp is♥♥♥♥♥♥so is the 4 player b|0* jobs of this game."
,Recommended,271590,19708226,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Soul Of A Samurai 悪の 妄想,"Grand Theft Auto V (GTAV) (GTA5) is the best Grand Theft Auto installment in the series, others may say other GTA games such as GTA San Andreas or GTA Vice City is the best, that's up for debate. But in terms of Online quality and story, this game excels in both of those catorgories. While some flaws in the Online, such as hackers (Big problem as of now) but if you play with friends, this game is an absolute blast. This game has created a great bonding experience with one of my friends and we still play it a lot today. If you're wondering how the single player is, it's great. Story is awesome but in my opinion, GTA 4's story was a lot better than GTA 5's story but in terms of gameplay, GTA 5 is a massive improvement over GTA 4 by a loooooong shot. There's so much you can do with this game it's not even funny. While the single player mode can get a little boring after you complete the story, Online has tons and tons to do and more to come! This game is an amazing experience and if you haven't bought it yet, you definietly should because this is a top notch game. But there is some thing this game needs improvement on, such as the heisting system because if someone leaves, the whole heist is failed. Or if someone dies, the whole heist is failed, which is very very annoying if you're pubbing, so get some close friends to play this with you and it will be tons of fun. Another thing that GTAV could improve on is removing Rockstar's DRM which is Rockstar Social Club, it's not that great as i would much prefer this game using Steam's servers but hey, atleast Social Club servers aren't awful. Another improvement this game could do is improve the amount of VRAM it uses, yes it uses a lot. But aside from those things, this game is amazing. All and all, this game is a 9/10. Worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,271590,32532261,Posted: 18 June,all,flipovic (⌐■_■),I don't even really play this game but logged in to give a negative review and a nice♥♥♥♥♥you to the publishers :)
,Not Recommended,271590,32531322,Posted: 18 June,all,YuKuBerī,no
,Not Recommended,271590,32532290,Posted: 18 June,all,Princess,"Modding banned, official single player content is non-existent after the main game. Good♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
76561198046771564,Not Recommended,271590,32463761,Posted: 15 June,all,sketch*,Take-Two has essentially killed off GTA's modding community in one fell swoop.♥♥♥♥ off.
,Not Recommended,271590,32425972,Posted: 14 June,all,Poggle566,"Great game, wonderful world to play in, and so much fun to use all sorts of mods to mix things up.Oh wait, ignore that last part.Also multiplayer was designed to endlessly squeeze money out of you so I hope you have endless money if you're going to play it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32431836,Posted: 15 June,all,Daft Lad,"Bite the hand that feeds you, why don't you, Take-Two?Spare your wallet, don't buy this game or any other games that are published by T2. They outright made mods illegal.More information here:http://www.pcgamer.com/gta-modding-tool-openiv-shuts-down-claiming-cease-and-desist-from-take-two/"
,Recommended,271590,15799075,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,𝕔𝕣𝕠𝕞𝕒𝕥,"I really wish there was a mixed review button on steam...There are so many aspects that I can reflect on positively with this game, almost to many to list. For me personally the strongest points are as follows:* Epic Missions with great attention to detail.* Fantastic graphics and sound.* Hilarious Dialogue and intriguing charactersNow we come to what leaves a negative vibe, this can solely be summed with GTA Online. This entire online mechanic seems to revolve around grinding for small sums of money per mission/heist only to spend it on overpriced weapons, gear and vehicles. It seems to almost prey on your will power to keep grinding. What I find most disturbing though Is when I was pretty much playing GTA Online 24/7, I bought a Shark card without even realizing it at first. Only later I noticed maybe that wasn't such as good idea...In conclusion the game scrapes by for a positive review. I would say get it for the single player and crazy good modding potential but stay away from the Online element. Its guaranteed to leave a salty aftertaste.Final Score: 85/100"
76561198113507761,Not Recommended,271590,28506595,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SoulOfLight,I'm not playing this game till R* gives me back my character.I wish more and more people get banned so that they would stop shielding R* and listen to the banned users.I may sound like a hacker whining after being caught but I warn you someday you will become one of us.I always thought that I would be safe if I don't use mods or cheat.Nope! It's just a matter of time.Enjoy your ban and a happy new year.
,Not Recommended,271590,32640915,Posted: 22 June,all,TehGamer,Ruined the single player experience from past installments to line their own pockets.
,Not Recommended,271590,32458521,Posted: 15 June,all,SysOp,"Take Two thinks that shutting down mods will prevent cheating. The tools that are now 'ilegal' to use (and make us criminals, by extent) didn't support Online, didn't make a cent and they didn't support pirate copies. But if someone wants to cheat, will find a way. I can't stress this enough. Ban the cheaters, not the mods.As a modder: ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two. As a player: ♥♥♥♥ you twice."
,Not Recommended,271590,29892825,Posted: 12 February,all,Coolbreon,"REALLY GRINDY, and if you get too much money, they ban you...Nice, Rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,29591887,Posted: 30 January,all,SO$A,"the modders are beating the devs at their own game. funny coz its the devs that made a whole game around beating the system. get it for singleplayer, online is filled w hackers. shark cards are a joke."
,Not Recommended,271590,16464317,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dorf2,"♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game I log in online and there are hackers everywhere some guy shoots me bags of money and I take it, then a week later I get banned for modding/hacking well ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,32437615,Posted: 15 June,all,Quizzer,Take Two has killed GTA 5 modding. Don't support them.
,Not Recommended,271590,32443353,Posted: 15 June,all,|SP| Acid Bandit,"Banning mods, inability by rockstar to fix continous hacker problem and a long etc im too tired to write. Someone will have gone deeper in their reviews, look for them."
76561198006713826,Not Recommended,271590,32447438,Posted: 15 June,all,RG LDunphy,♥♥♥♥ companies that don't support modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32448065,Posted: 15 June,all,Dubya,Bought it for mods. Now there isn't any mods.Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,271590,32446185,Posted: 15 June,all,benedict barnold,"the whole point of the PC release was modding. to remove it from the game is absolutely arbitrary and a terrible choice by Take Two, who seem to be incapable of stopping digging the 20 foot hole they have already dug"
,Not Recommended,271590,32453614,Posted: 15 June,all,DarthNader42,"Deciding to drop my own opinion of this game in the wake of take-two taking down OpenIV. As a disclaimer, I've never actually tried any mods. The gameplay is solid, the singleplayer is solid and has a strong story and characters.Screwing around with friends is so fun, but... the grind is some of the worse of any game aside from some MMOs. Every dlc releases more and more powerful vehicles and weaponry, basicely the definition of power creep. Everything costs so much money, finding ways to make money while avoiding griefers and hackers is frustration incarnate. Even new clothing from the DLCs are exceedingly expensive. It tarnishes what would otherwise be an amazing online experience. Public lobbies are chaos and toxicity. All in the name of shark cards.But wait, you just want the singleplayer? That's great but there has yet, and likely never will be, any expansion of singleplayer content. Even new vehicles and weapons don't carry over to singleplayer. And with the death of mods, it brings the game lower.All and all, it's a solid base that's ruined by greed. If you have friends to play with, it might still be worth playing. But anyone just starting is going to have an uphill battle to get anywhere without, guess what, dropping money on shark cards. Do I regret the time sunk into the game? No, not really. But I do reget the money I've dropped on buying the game on two platforms and on shark cards."
76561198066338193,Not Recommended,271590,32457528,Posted: 15 June,all,Spookbert,One of the best features of GTA was the modding community and now its being taken away by money driven developers who think their player base will buy everything they throw at them and be contented with everything taken away from them.
,Not Recommended,271590,32480974,Posted: 16 June,all,ItsViperrXD | Hellcase.com,Rockstar doesn't care about their players and they are showing it
,Not Recommended,271590,32438127,Posted: 15 June,all,Threnody,.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437607,Posted: 15 June,all,Bubblicious,Won't support mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32440628,Posted: 15 June,all,Mex,"Rockstar has always been a mixed bag, from creating games like san andreas, red dead redemption, and gta5, to terrible support, delayed PC launches, and unreasonable bans.Now I can't support anything they do; they simply don't care about the people that play their games. They bite the hand that feeds them over and over, now they've made modding illegal.I don't think I'll be buying a rockstar game again"
,Not Recommended,271590,32424131,Posted: 14 June,all,Chrisology,Ruined main selling point for pc MODDING
35475458325897358,Not Recommended,271590,32563549,Posted: 19 June,all,Not House MD,And that's what happens when lazy companies ban mods instead of ban hackers...
,Not Recommended,271590,32580229,Posted: 19 June,all,Shogun Sitarattapea,"BLYAAAAA, LET US MOD FREELY OR BULLETS WILL START FLYING ୧༼ಠ益ಠ༽୨"
,Not Recommended,271590,32484090,Posted: 16 June,all,Tsu,"""Go f*ck yourself"""
76561197972264890,Not Recommended,271590,26278880,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jasper,"This is a very fun game but due to the lack of support from its developers as far as security goes, I cannot recommend that others buy it at full price. I'd say $20 is a fair buy considering the production value is stellar but their intentions spoil it and they don't deserve the money they're making on this imo.They continue to add updates (cars, free mode features, other big ticket items) so that their shark card revenue is booming yet they have not addressed the very bad security holes in the game that have existed since day 1 of the online portion of the game.You can expect every p2p created game session to have at least one cheater that will crash your game, risk getting you banned by dropping money on you, ruin your experience, grief you, etc.The developer does not put time or effort into removing cheaters from the online game and it would be a simple fix but the money they make from people re-purchasing the game is of more interest to Rockstar than actually fixing the issues in their product for the legitimate players.Unfortunately they make games with stellar gameplay aside from the blatant issues with the online.As long as you don't mind being let down by the developers in GTA online, it's worth a purchase.Very tough decision here; I had to choose not recommend because I do not support this kind of customer service even though I clearly play a lot."
,Not Recommended,271590,19567327,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,=(eGO)= Silent166,"Grand Theft Auto V was the game I was looking forward to for a very long time.. it was the game of the year for me when it came out.. tons to do, lots of fun to play with friends online for the first few weeks and months.. till hackers introduced themselfs in-game with gta online.. it's basically ruined online play.. the only fun you can really have online is if your lucky to find a lobby without hackers or make a private one and play with tons of friends in a invite only session..I'm really hoping that Rockstar will track down on the hack fest and tone it down and make it less likely to run into a hacker every session you join, it gets old trying to play online and you get nuked along with the rest of the players in the session by a hacker..if your looking to buy this for online play, proceed with caution in terms of the hackers.Singleplayer + Mods :Singleplayer is where this game is well worth the money.. the story is good, really fun to play .. i have yet to beat it.. but it's great.. the mods is where this game will last a very long time, there are tons of great mods to play such as LSPDFR( Police mod, introduced in GTA IV with LCPDFR), Gang wars mod, the re-imagined hydraulics mission from GTA San Andreas mod.. there is so much to experience and do with the mods.. this is where you will have the greatest experience from gta 5 once you have gotten fed up with the hackers..overall.. it's a great game, it looks amazing, it's fun to play.. but not with the hackers online play..if your going to buy this for online play, I wouldn't recommend it... for SP and the mods... go for it.. you will not regret it."
76561197969306491,Not Recommended,271590,19506378,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Captein,"The game itself is awesome, the hackers infesting the MP is the problem with it. If you want to just play single, go for it, but if you are planning to play it online, as I did, then its NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL.As said, hackers every corner, every session, I've got myself wondering why all of sudden I had all weapons the in the game (some hacker decided to go IDKFA on all the other players for kicks) and why I've got myself bombed constantly without even being allowed to leave the sesssion because I couldnt keep myself alive long enough to open the menu, Alt-F4'ed. When I thought I was about to have to some fun, I unloaded my gun into some guy's face while he danced at me. All of sudden he got bored, stopped dancing, and one shotted me. Rockstar failed big time.0/10 online8/10 single player for what i've seen.Asked a refund. (didn't get)Don't bother."
76561198039382651,Not Recommended,271590,28620527,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,nuggetgoon,"How can this game have positive reviews? Sure the single player is fun, but the complete lack of ♥♥♥♥s given by R* regarding the online portion of the game is just sickening. Seriously, scroll through the reviews and see just how many people have something to say about hackers/scripters/modders/cheaters.R* only wants your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32591571,Posted: 20 June,all,Acchan,"Congrats Rockstar for banning mods, now we can't have fun. I suppose now we'll all go play the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online mode and buy cars with real money. Or maybe not."
,Not Recommended,271590,32461599,Posted: 15 June,all,😀ÆÇÒÑMĀKÏÑBæcon😀,Did YouTube buy TakeTwo?Because the things I love aern't supported anymore.
,Not Recommended,271590,34568644,Posted: 28 August,all,NINO,"The single player of the game is great, the only complaint is that all of the new add-ons from the online are not available without modding.The online is also great, fun to play for hours with friends. Most of my time in this game was from this. But after wiping my legitimately earned money today, I don't know what to say. I'm furious, I spent hundreds of hours the last few weeks with friends grinding up the money just to have it deleted. I put up with the stupid glitches wasting my time, but after this I am done."
,Not Recommended,271590,34573962,Posted: 29 August,all,Javelin,"Unistall this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, ♥♥♥♥♥tar only cares about money"
,Not Recommended,271590,32471193,Posted: 16 June,all,jwofles,"Actively trying to get rid of mods and alternative servers, also money-hungry."
,Not Recommended,271590,32478860,Posted: 16 June,all,Peterferr,Thought it was worth it until they removed the ability to mod the singleplayer.
76561198106824687,Not Recommended,271590,32648422,Posted: 22 June,all,𝙧 𝙤 𝙜 𝙚 𝙧   𝙧 𝙤 𝙜 𝙚 𝙧,♥♥♥♥♥dicc
,Not Recommended,271590,32551922,Posted: 18 June,all,MRZ.Re,"no Mods, no Gta"
76561198051500285,Not Recommended,271590,34543995,Posted: 27 August,all,Blin Machine of Stalin,"Trust me, the ban system permabans ANYBODY, even without reason, and if you go to Rockstar Customer Service, they won't help you at all. My opinion: NO."
,Not Recommended,271590,34341251,Posted: 18 August,all,I'm The STIG,"I love this game but I cant play this anymore. The god damn R* support is f***ing useless, got banned permanently for being an innocent player, can't change SC account, and can't unlink steam account. I love but hate this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,34498077,Posted: 25 August,all,princess,looking forward to shark cards in red dead redemption 2
,Not Recommended,271590,34454615,Posted: 24 August,all,=CFS= Raven_Coldheart,"GTA Online is, IMHO, a simple cashgrab or you have to grind for days. GTAV (Single Player) is okayish, but you don't get anything from the MP expansions."
,Not Recommended,271590,34481500,Posted: 25 August,all,Lust,This Endless Grinding is killing me
76561198078385681,Not Recommended,271590,34512869,Posted: 26 August,all,Roger Goodell,dont do missions to make money they just take it anyway so just get hacker bucks becuase apperntly the source of money doesnt matter to rockstar they just play IRS simulator 2017 and steal your money.
76561198089475507,Not Recommended,271590,34529613,Posted: 27 August,all,bobbleydawg,"Huge recent modding problems ruining peoples accounts and Rockstar have just taken millions of dollars from legitimate players without explanation or reason, closing support tickets with automatic generated replies so support is not helping anyone with these issues (just check the forums). Very poor show from developer, I had $39.1 million taken, over a hundred hours of game play and cannot even get anyone to say why.  In my opinion save wasting your time and avoid."
,Not Recommended,271590,29710697,Posted: 4 February,all,[-C3-] ۞[Wasabi:Kill]۞,"Spend 1,213 hours to get everything you have; Random modder shows up in session and somehow spawns flying saucers in your office; change session quickly. Continue going about your business;  Run some CEO missions; done for the day. It was a GG.Next day: Get banned for a month next time you try to log in (wat). All your stuff reset. . .No appeals allowed because Rockstar does not make mistakes. . . . Right.Kicker: Modder is probably still playing."
76561198400686260,Not Recommended,271590,32973286,Posted: 28 June,all,prestonwillard,"I love that game but this is a review like to make a point to the company from the customer Take Two if you want to made money that is good, but if you want to make the more listen to the your customers and stop going for a money grab. Just do what Bethesda does and let the modder run free. Look at Skyrim there is almost an unlimit amount of content for that game do Bethesda did not need to pay to make it. So be safe back up the modders and you will get all the money your are wanting so bad and made your customers happy. Go for the win and win."
76561198071119365,Not Recommended,271590,32421693,Posted: 14 June,all,SomYungGai,RIP mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32452169,Posted: 15 June,all,Aero,"I've had faith in this game for far too long. Not only are they adding content to multiplayer and not singleplayer at an increasing cost and pushing micro-transactions more than ♥♥♥♥ing Clash of Clans but they are now getting rid of the main selling point of the PC version. I'm sorry that you haven't gotten enought money for the 4th top selling game EVER. This game used to be a gem then they introduced rediculous micro-transactions that slowed the entire game. For robbing a jewelery store in singleplayer you get like a million dollars or something. For robbing a ♥♥♥♥ing border-line Union Depository in multiplayer, you get like 1 million and it takes money to start up the set-up missions for that heist in the first place. None of this game is worth $60 let alone ♥♥♥♥ing $30 anymore. Don't get this game and support a terrible precident that is now basically banning modding by removing a modding tool that makes like 50% of mods work. If this works, it will spread to more and more titles until it has become an unstoppable cancer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32467195,Posted: 16 June,all,lamados,[THIS REVIEW CAN NOT BE SHOWN DUE TO A CEASE AND DESIST ISSUED BY TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE]
76561198219260257,Not Recommended,271590,29933291,Posted: 14 February,all,Alpha_Pigeon,"So got on gta online this morning try to deliver 8 crates in a plane but AI shot me down with bullets so nothing i could do to stop that and lost 32000 dollars which is what i spent on the cargo then try to pick up 18000 dollars worth of crates AI drove into tree on a slope and i could not get the van to move so i lost that. then a message pops up saying i have been banned even though i have never done anything.So singleplayer thats still an option right? well considering the game has been out for 3 and a bit years and rockstar won't confirm or denie a singleplayer dlc its a peice of crap because once you have completed singleplayer campaign there nothing else the game gives you an insentive to do like the side missions there is no reason to do those, what i mean by this  is other games offer rewards but the side missions in gta just give you cash whicxh at the end of the game means nothing after the final heist.When gta online first came out I realy enjoyed it but now everything that comes out seems to be over a million dollars the cars and all the offices etc also when mport/export first came out realy excited for office garage but then found out that, that 1.1 million dollars was for one uncostomized 20 car garage and it would cost me 3.6 ish million to get a 60 car garage with mechanic that is insane and so the only option is to buy shark cars because frequently you will get ♥♥♥♥ed over with the crates, cars and biker business and the only other way to make money is with the adversary mode which have even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ payouts its like take2 interactive went to rockstar alright all we want you to pump out is cash for and screw over all the people who play gta with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ content. I can just imagine red dead 2 being like you pay for the initial game and then having to buy every individual mission after that.Look gta does have some fun things about it but i think rockstar have prioritised making money over giving the players good content sorry about my bad speeling and grammar and thank you if you read this and made it this far."
,Not Recommended,271590,32500729,Posted: 17 June,all,Stickyguy9,Banned OpenIV
76561198066679370,Not Recommended,271590,16564264,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,OswalD,"This so called on ""sale"" game during the steam summer sale didn't give me cards when I bought it."
,Not Recommended,271590,16575469,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jikan,Multiplayer is infested with hackers.Rockstar isn't doing enough to stop them.I'll take my negative review down when this issue has been resolved.
,Not Recommended,271590,35269903,Posted: 28 September,all,Benjamo,fantastic single player. don't bother with multiplayer.
76561198098312262,Not Recommended,271590,19366039,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,M4LU,"GTA ONLINE ONLY:Game is good but the cons are too big:Half of my playtime is a loadingscreen and on every server there are a bunch of Hackers.You can report them but there are so many out there, its seems like Rockstar gives a s*** about it."
76561198283597564,Not Recommended,271590,32653104,Posted: 22 June,all,BOT Tom,no mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32436183,Posted: 15 June,all,Kuga,"GTAV is a fine game from a gameplay and content perspective. However, I can't support corporations that have absolutely no respect for the consumers that purchase their goods and services. We aren't money pinatas and you can't make boneheaded decisions regarding industry-accepted standards (in this case, the decision to try and block all modding) without consqeuences. As a result, GTAV as a game is no longer acceptable to me and I will not be purchasing Take-Two products going forward unless they reverse their stance on modding."
,Not Recommended,271590,32541895,Posted: 18 June,all,ereto,The multiplayer is pay2win garbage and its filled with hackers. Can't use any mods either. Just pirate it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32441168,Posted: 15 June,all,ｎｏｒｍａｌ ｂｏｙ,Bring back mods please.
,Not Recommended,271590,35290933,Posted: 29 September,all,☪ karakurt ☪,game became too expensive and saints row ish
,Not Recommended,271590,19122343,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Shiny Charizard,"A hacker can take your identity and force you into ""bad sport"" lobbies"
,Not Recommended,271590,32614071,Posted: 21 June,all,Rafanyo,"Not recommended, I wish I could get a Refund!Use your money on something else! not on these people!Sign this petition to change this...https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32483753,Posted: 16 June,all,BiSkiT,Bait and switch: Removed mod support. Avoid.
76561197970412169,Not Recommended,271590,34638355,Posted: 31 August,all,ch0c0l@+,"Rockstar had never had the project multiplayer online game under control and will never have it. Rockstar is not Blizzard.The developer lacks a lot of intelligence, skill and commitment. Cheaters are disturbing, but not the problem. Every game has cheaters. That the developer does not manage to become master of his game is the problem.The fact that the players not only have to endure injustice by the cheaters but also Rockstar is just the logical consequence, because as mentioned, the developer does not have his product under control.---Rockstar hatte das Projekt Multiplayeronlinespiel nie im Griff und wird es auch nie haben. Rockstar ist nicht Blizzard.Beim Entwickler fehlt es sehr deutlich an Intelligenz, Können und Engagement. Cheater sind zwar störend, aber nicht das Problem. Jedes Spiel hat Cheater. Das der Enwickler es nicht schafft, Herr über sein Spiel zu werden, ist das Problem.Dass die Spieler nun nicht nur von den Cheatern sondern auch Rockstar selber Ungerechtigkeit erdulden müssen, ist nur die logische Konsequenz, denn wie erwähnt, der Entwickler hat sein Produkt nicht im Griff."
,Not Recommended,271590,34635487,Posted: 31 August,all,Microwave,"The singleplayer game is great. On the other hand, multiplayer is absolute trash. I can't play multiplayer on PC without going to a lot of effort to remove my mods, because for whatever reason, Rockstar will ban your account if it detects any mod files. On top of this absurd restriction which is a slap in the face to all PC gamers, everything is priced to such a high amount that the only option is to grind all day, which is not something people with responsibilities can do, or pay for Shark Cards - microtransactions to give you in game currency in a 4 year old game that still costs the same price as it did at launch. Online has become Rockstar's way of milking as much money as they can from people stupid enough to pay $100 for two good cars. On top of this, if a modder targets you and drops money on you, you will be detected as using cheats and you will be banned. In conclusion, Rockstar is a terrible company and should not be supported. Online is absolutely terrible so there is no point in buying to play it, so just pirate the game."
76561198153234034,Not Recommended,271590,34639617,Posted: 31 August,all,Soupy_Ghost,Devs took terrible care of this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,34699654,Posted: 2 September,all,UnloosedDisc,"[One of the most popular broken games (in history?) At least the online aspect... Don't waste your time & money.]I wanted to expand on this review to give others a more detailed list of reasons to avoid this game. First of all this is focused more on the GTA online side of things but some of which still apply to offline play.1. This game has some of the most derpy feeling character control i have ever used. Its far too easy to jump off of bridges and roofs by accident and die or get shot by other players.2. Unfair competition & pay to win. You WILL get killed by other players that have an advantage over you because of the fact that they can afford cars/helicopters/planes with turrets on them. One way of fixing this is to turn on 'Passive Mode'.. But the problem with passive mode is: you cant use any of the weapons you just spent 100's of thousands of in game dollars on.3. The modding community. Imagine all of the above negatives affecting your play only to suddenly include constant death from exploding out of nowhere, the reason?.. You have become the target of a modder. They have the abilities to control what weapons, vehicles and even the amount of money your character has. So after spending a bunch of real money on in game money you have to now worry about whether it is even still there."
,Not Recommended,271590,34889236,Posted: 11 September,all,✪ Angel,"Good thingys:- Good Story- Good missions- Good Graphics- Lot's of custom things for characters online and clothes on single player as well- Lot's of realism- Good to play with friends- Constant updates- It's quite the sandbox game, you can do almost anything.Bad things:- Lost ConnectionLost ConnectionLost ConnectionLost ConnectionLost ConnectionLost Connection- The community is amazingly rude- Lag- There is no DAMN way to host your job with your friends only. What the hell rockstar? Why can't you think of this please.- Some missions have horrible spawn systems.Worse of all:- The game's editor sucks, limited item spawn, npc spawn, no interiors, only a couple of gamemodes.... Rockstar, I don't call this an editor, I wonder what you guys have for brains when making such a thing.My current rate:█▀▀ 　 █ 　 ▄█░ █▀▀█▀▀▄ 　 █ 　 ░█░ █▄▀█▄▄▀ 　 █ 　 ▄█▄ █▄▄█"
,Not Recommended,271590,35067587,Posted: 19 September,all,Enigmatic,Greedy Rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,35267001,Posted: 28 September,all,Dridikos,"Spent several days worth of time having fun with friends, farming up money for some of the more expensive in game stuff such as the $10 million dollar yatch. Did so through Rockstar's in game double xp/double money events, only to have Rockstar to take half my money away (for the record I had roughly $5 million saved up) in a half♥♥♥♥♥atempt to punish/ban people who hack the game, and rollback the people that they have given money to. When I took to Rockstar support to inquire how they came to the conclusion half my money was illigitamate they just linked me an article to a useless FAQ that explained what was already explained on a loading screen in game. I did asked them again with the same result. So with the fact that there are STILL people in every game session that hack, coupled with the terrible, irresponsible, clearly uncaring support to even elaborate on a simple question, I've uninstalled this game and wouldn't recommend anyone to support them by buying this game. Why fund a company that's not going to give you any customer courtesy?"
76561198143724138,Not Recommended,271590,34594488,Posted: 29 August,all,Anubis,Hackers and Cheaters ruin the game and pretty much just wanna play god by using all their hacked money to kill beginers. Would not recommend untill rockstar makes money easier to get or makes it harder to steal from people trying to grind
76561198044700181,Not Recommended,271590,29766566,Posted: 7 February,all,Rhombus,"If you have a friend or three to play with, you're in for dozens of hours of fun.Storymode is more like an interactive movie - not many choices apart from certain heists where you choose which of two ways you would like to complete them. Rest is just typical ""follow the dots and do as we say"". Fun? Yes, for one playthrough. Worth the 60€ price tag? No.The game looks excelent, from graphics to exceptionally detailed map design and beautiful player animations.Multiplayer is what gets all the new updates and frankly, it's what most people would buy it for at this point.So after those couple of hours I've spent playing Online, here are my thoughts:+ If played with your friends, it's super fun. Open world, do whatever you like - missions, races or just fool around.+ Loads of customization options, so you can really choose your style, not only cars, but also clothes not limited to full-body outfits, but separate pieces of various designs.+ Rather frequent updates that add loads of features requested by players.- Technical part of the multiplayer> You're randomly matched with anyone from any region, meaning you will end up with people who don't understand you and you don't understand them, and with incredibly high latency, resulting in rubberbanding and NPC cars behaving very strangly.> The game will often get stuck at loading and the only thing you can do is shut it down.> The game ignores your ingame settings while loading, specifically pausing the game while alt-tabbed, or muting voice chat - that, combined with the loading times, makes you sit and watch the clouds as you listen someone breathing heavily in their microphone.- Players generally acting like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s as there is literally no penalty for doing so.> Killing on sight> Destroying personal cars> Ruining CEO and MC sales with no actual reward other than enjoying ruining someone's gameplay- Random events offering rewards so little that most players ignore them.- Everything new revolving around ingame cash - no Awards/achievements that would give you something to stand out-Cheaters(also called ""modders"")> Just one can ruin the game for 20 other people by exploding them, spawning objects on them, forcing them out of vehicles and so on. Can also crash your game if you run it on weaker system.> They can also spawn money bags, which, when you collect a little too much, gets you banned.- Cheaters are also responsible for general perception among players> ""Do you have level a little too high? Then you must be a cheater!""> ""Did you just outplay me? Then you must be a cheater!""I would love to recommend the game - despite the technical flaws.But the cheaters are a problem so serious I can't possibly tell anyone to go and buy a 60€ game only to get crapped on by some script kiddy over and over."
76561198095731260,Not Recommended,271590,30336309,Posted: 5 March,all,Buckly,"My friend's account was banned for no reason 2 hours ago, and I'm quite sure that he did nothing violating EULA or something like that. If I were to be banned in the next few days, this thumb down is also for mmyself."
,Not Recommended,271590,30682247,Posted: 23 March,all,Didsqueak,"This game, lives up to it's reviews. I don't write a lot of reviews, but this one needed to be written.It's unfortunate when game developers choose modders/cheaters over the general populous. It's equally unfortunate when the general populous tries to make this issue apparent to said developers, then modders/cheaters knock on the general populous, calling them instead, the cheaters.A buddy of mine was banned for an in game modder, a cheater, basically, putting weapons into his (as well as my) inventory stash. We had every weapon in the game. Within about a minute, my friend recieved a notice that his account was banned for one month.We are waiting to see if he still has his stats when he gets back, and I refuse to play the game until he is able to, on principle.So yes, if you were wondering why this game is getting terrible reviews and folks are complaining about getting banned, this is why - it's very real... and folks like myself run the risk of not being able to play a game we paid $60 for because some modder filled our inventory with random stuff, then reported us.It's not fair, Rockstar doesn't care, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,28756877,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Unlimited Kiseki,"Absolutely unplayable for long periods of time. Very long loading times and fps lag stutters after playing for just a couple minutes. On a decent computer: i5, gtx 970."
76561198062426456,Not Recommended,271590,30049053,Posted: 19 February,all,Lonewanderer,i will rewrite this review when i actualy get to play itso i rebought the game durring the sale because why not its a great game for half off when i bought it i got a message that said that they ran out of product keys and i have to wait till it gets activated pretty mad becasue i want to play it also why still continue to sell this with out keys i recomend the game not the storeEditi still dont recomend this game the game is fantasit but for some reason i get hardcore stuttering when i am driving to the point i get frustrated and quit the game i have well over the recomended settings but it still wont work i will eddit again once i get 16gb of ram becasue that amight be the reason if you read this and find a fix to this without doing a usles upgrade it would be niceSpecsintel i5 6400 @2.78gb of ddr4 ramEVGA GTX 1060 6GbEdditwell im back again to look at this game again i fixed the issue by messing wiht the nvidia pannle but im here to write about the even more garbage this game ran into after the now 3 times i made eddits they will always remain negitave becasue the producers dont know what they are doing with the mods in this game what i say about mods is they're great even a bit of online mods to because all of the stuff they add in the game is way to expensive and its nice to get a couple million to explore this wonderful game now they are completly banning mods for online(I understand its in the user agreement) but single player come on guys you know better this was the worst dission you have ever made pretty much killing your community its discusting even no mans sky has a community and it is known as one of the worst game in history i dont want you to end up like that this is hopefully the last update i make about this game if i have to do it one more time something must have gone really wrongTLDR= learn to optimise your game for people who have the correct specs dont run out of game keys and last but not least♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you take two after this you all are gonna take two big as Diks in the as (just plz fix your game)editwell well well gta can you fix your game i have the correct specs and it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥plz fix it thanks also thatnks for kinda saving openiv but i still hate your game online is a grind fest i think after the take 2 thing people opened their euyes to see how bad this game actualy is
76561198074865073,Not Recommended,271590,32468879,Posted: 16 June,all,AsianGirlScreamingIntoATrumpet,"♥♥♥♥ you take two, theres a massive difference between modders and hackers"
,Not Recommended,271590,32441427,Posted: 15 June,all,Kairos,"Take Two have decided that modding should be banned, so i'll no longer support this game or any of their games in the future."
,Not Recommended,271590,32456093,Posted: 15 June,all,Sakura Matou,Strauss Zelnick is an Equis Asinus.
76561198025444717,Not Recommended,271590,32504473,Posted: 17 June,all,TransientCylon,Can't be bothered to fix overwhelming bugs but has the time to go after a modding community.  Sad
76561198037852213,Not Recommended,271590,32484361,Posted: 16 June,all,E-Pickle,0/10 no mods allowed
76561198062298783,Not Recommended,271590,32484362,Posted: 16 June,all,Alicization,Why ban PC mods?
,Not Recommended,271590,25720305,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,tom,Unwarranted and unexplained GTA online ban. Abysmal customer support including auto closure of submitted tickets related to bans with no possibility of human review.Last money Rockstar will ever see from me.
76561197990405782,Not Recommended,271590,16607260,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,.OutofSpace,"GTA V online mode is crawling with hackers..Today I was playing, flying on a plane, then a random person entered on my plane WHILE I WAS FLYING. I parachuted but he came after me, so when I landed he started to shoot bags of money at me.I had to quit the lobby, hoping that I don't get banned for this - got 300,000 of illegitimate money.Everybody is complaining about these f*cking hackers.The Online mode is becoming unplayable.Rockstar does not care about this situation, and has already created a bad reputation between all of their customers.For a game that has sold over a BILLION dollars, their position about this hacking situation is absolutely pitiful and disgusting."
76561197966345381,Not Recommended,271590,16610598,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hamster,"This is a fun game when it works, but constant crashing makes it difficult to progress in the story line. I would wait to see if they resolve any issues before buying."
76561198143152930,Not Recommended,271590,16933539,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Alcatraz9914,"Fix your stupid Social Club issues. You can't even Create a new Sign in, if they messed up your original sign in, because the original is linked to your Steam Account. And will they tell you what your original sign in information was? Nope."
,Not Recommended,271590,17132468,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,FikuMiku,Was working fine for a long time. Then r♥♥♥♥♥♥made an update that ♥♥♥♥ed up everythiong and fps drops to 5 when buing armor (GTX 980). Fix this ♥♥♥♥ers.
,Not Recommended,271590,32551668,Posted: 18 June,all,śhé6őőń,♥♥♥♥ you T2 ...
76561198029837461,Not Recommended,271590,34786715,Posted: 6 September,all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻,"single player-good game play to enjoymulti player online-lame mission blance-more patch more expensive item-""because we think you cheat so we adjust your account as we want, drain money rollback RP remove item bla bla bla""-customer support ""not my concern what you get there"" just ctrl+C  ctrl+V"
,Not Recommended,271590,34785649,Posted: 6 September,all,WoodyJay714,"This game is absolutely absurd, I tried logging on GTA Online without realizing I had mods on (LSPDFR, Rage hook, etc.) Within 24 hours I got an email from rockstar stating I got temp banned and stat reset. You think im going to grind for that virtual currency again? No thank you. If you thought I was gonna spend that hard-earned money on the new overpriced DLC Vehicles, you can forget about that. Hoping RDR doesn't turn out like GTA Online."
,Not Recommended,271590,28145983,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Genocide,online community is aids i've never seen so many dedicated ♥♥♥♥ in my entire life
,Not Recommended,271590,32424942,Posted: 14 June,all,S. Bristow,A big f*ck you to Take-Two
,Not Recommended,271590,16566664,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nut,"The game is great, no question, best game 10/10. But they raised the price right before the summer sale, so it would make players buy it while it is on ''sale'', while it was actually the same price as it was before. Major♥♥♥♥♥♥move R*"
,Not Recommended,271590,32477585,Posted: 16 June,all,Dynarain,Take Two screwed over a singleplayer mod that has no effect on multiplayer. DO NOT buy this game while they own the rights to it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32594656,Posted: 20 June,all,Hejoee,give my openIV BACK
76561198160063131,Not Recommended,271590,34774896,Posted: 6 September,all,Snicklefritz,"Loved this game for the first couple of years it was out. Now it's all about who buys the most shark cards to upgrade your weapons and have an unholy advantage above anyone who hasnt invested as much as you. The races are still fun but aside from that, the game turned into a money grab of insiting hatred between people to encourage them to spend more money on the game to catch up... sucks because I loved this game :("
,Not Recommended,271590,26344691,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Medika,permanently ban on heist for no reason
76561198165402038,Not Recommended,271590,33463876,Posted: 11 July,all,Dominator4811,"So many things are wrong with this game. Half the DLC cars are not in single player, and it is so hard to make a quick buck. Now for Take-Two, those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s go after modders for no reason and ruin the games' reputation. And the worst part, Rockstar Support are idiots and can't fix a damn thing. ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar, ♥♥♥♥ Take-Two, ♥♥♥♥ all of Rockstars♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit: Even if OpenIV is back (never used it) this review will stay negative until Rockstar fixes their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mother♥♥♥♥ing game. I haven't even been able to play it because my launcher blacks out and won't load my game, when i try to ask Rockstar Support, they say I have the steam version and to try launching through Steam. Rockstar and Take-Two can suck a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥for making such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game and not treating their users fairly. ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar you dumb ♥♥♥♥♥es"
76561198282824162,Not Recommended,271590,30403071,Posted: 8 March,all,Officer Hopps,This game is great besides all of the hackers. A close friend got banned because someone else hacked him and since Rockstar is so anti social they will not even listen to him to help get the ban removed. Great game but teriible creators. Do not recoomend unless you want to waste 60 dollars.
76561197975319813,Not Recommended,271590,29954469,Posted: 15 February,all,St Michel,You wanna buy gta V to play online ?I hope you're ready to get killed by cheaters that makes everyone explode on the whole map after a loading screen of 5 minutes everytime you try to join the multiplayer !Do you like to play for nothing ? Then you'll love doing CEO jobs that makes you drive the worst cars in the game for hours to get your warhouse full so you can sell all your crates and finally lose everything in the delivery mission because plane missions are bugged and don't let you deliver your stuff !!! :DDo you think teenagers that tell you you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥for using game content that is unlocked at lvl 0 are lovely ? Then you should definitely buy this game !!!What are you waiting for ? It's only 59.99€... It's not like the game has already a few years for this price.
,Not Recommended,271590,32572209,Posted: 19 June,all,Cookie1312 ^-^,"Modding in singleplayer has been a huge part of this game, get rid of it in online not completely, this is just....wow.... Don't buy this game people, use your money on a game where the developers care about their community."
,Not Recommended,271590,34115732,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr. Matt,"I bought this game at launch because my friend urged me to get it. She told me there were going to be multiplayer heists, and that was the selling point for me. Since I loved the Payday games, I figured Grand Theft Auto would knock this out of the park since it already has the driving mechanics in the game to allow for getaway driving and shooting while moving, none of which existed in a Payday game at the time.Instead, what I got were heists that paled in comparison to what is in the Payday franchise, in my opinion at least, and poorly designed segments of the heist, such as havingoneplayer fly a plane from A to B for several minutes while the rest of the crew has little to nothing to do, and if the person flying the plane screws up, everyone has to wait for it to happen all over again. The heists take a lot longer to do than in Payday, which is a terrible idea, given that one big slip-up means having to redo an entire heist segment.Then, at payout, the person hosting the heist gets to decide the payout. My friend who told me to get the game claims that because she had to pay to buy into the heist itself and doesn't know how much it costs, nor is she going to look it up and adjust pricing, she's going to give our mutual friend and I about 10% or so of the cut, each. Despite me urging her to let us price the buy-in and adjust payouts to something fair, she gives us what she deems fit, and we never played the game again. The game should automatically compensate the person who bought the heist accordingly and give fair payouts to the whole team.The game allowing a player to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and screw everyone over by distributing them terrible payouts after their hours of playingoneheist, though realistic, sucks. If I wanted realism in my robberies, I'd be doing time in prison right now, or dead and buried from succumbing to gunshot wounds. =/Payday games aren't designed so you can screw people over like that. Technically, someone could kick you from the game, but the devs of that game, pay everyone more money if everyone completes the level, so that's even handled well in that game, too. Grand Theft Auto V tried to compete with Payday in regard to heists, and it's a sorry competitor in that area. If the heists are your main interest, turn back now, because GTAV's heists are, in my opinion, far less fun and rewarding than Payday 2's."
76561198109754560,Not Recommended,271590,33415354,Posted: 9 July,all,Azure,"It's time or money with this game; you can't have both. Either spend hundreds of hours pointlessly grinding to unlock new ways to grind for cash, or sink hundreds of dollars in real money into doing the same thing. The story mode is fine, but if you want this game for its online gameplay, look elsewhere. Don't make my mistake of getting trapped in this endless cycle of grinding and microtransactions and buy a game that will actually leave you satisfied, rather than this abysmal black hole of wasted time and progressively more absurd so-called ""updates""."
,Not Recommended,271590,33891075,Posted: 29 July,all,Chaostos,"Singleplayer is good, multiplayer was fun, but not worth the full price.Slow cash farming, greedy Shark Card microtransactions and auto-banning my friend who didn't cheat, while having many real cheaters online, poor mod support, and atrocious customer support & attitude towards gamers, gets this game a thumbs down.Will avoid R*stars products in the future."
,Not Recommended,271590,32497817,Posted: 17 June,all,Ibram Gaunt,"Take Two has really shot themselves in the knee here with the whole Open IV situation. This... this is not okay! As much as it pains me to give this game a negative review we can not just sit around and let them destroy single player modding.I encourage you all to do the same, protest against Rockstar and Take Two until they learn their lesson and fix this!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32497948,Posted: 17 June,all,Tom Cagão,"Hell of a tactic to go out of your way to pick a fight, Take-Two. Well done."
,Recommended,271590,27219625,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[L|G] ™ SHADY,Great game ! Want to have fun this is the game for that all around fun.If you really want to like the game you need a good pc .Other then that it's F-IN GTA  Great game .
,Not Recommended,271590,32675067,Posted: 23 June,all,Domo Sairento,"Now that take two has banned all mods from the game, it pretty much has no replay value from when I completed it on console... So i basically wasted 60$... Bye.."
,Not Recommended,271590,32453785,Posted: 15 June,all,McJobless,"Overburdened by microtransactions and abysmal levels of grinding, the Online portion of the game is also plagued by hackers, a completely wonky anti-cheat system and no attempt to put the player's fun first.The singleplayer experience was decent, but was much enhanced by mods. Take-Two's decision to ban mods is likely because they know their own incompetence at dealing with hackers in the Online game (and this won't fix that) or because they plan on doing something ala Bethesda's Creation Club and so they wanted to bully the competition out of the way.♥♥♥♥ 'em."
,Not Recommended,271590,32490864,Posted: 16 June,all,Jaback,"Take Two, more like Take Poo!Trust me guys, I'm funny."
76561198170403495,Not Recommended,271590,32819135,Posted: 26 June,all,Supreme Soldier,"Dear take two,....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198043049139,Not Recommended,271590,32499428,Posted: 17 June,all,Gustavianien,"Instead of fixing the game, Take two has gone full retard. Maybe you should have focused on the real problem and not on people wanting to mod the game to prolong playability."
,Not Recommended,271590,15687983,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,BvanRules,"Like many people, I haven't been able to access GTA online as it freezes at character creation. its been like this since release and has yet to be fixed/patched. Additionally, a good amount of my friends who were usually astetic mods (such as a FOV mod) have been getting banned. I wouldn't recommend buying the game, rockstar doesn't really deserve the support at the current point in time."
76561198071355782,Not Recommended,271590,15691624,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Noddy,........got banned
,Not Recommended,271590,16063150,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,J-Dog,"I have been looking forward to playing GTA V on the PC for some time after seeing all the rave reviews. Now i have the game I have been so disappointed.The good point is the graphics they are stunning, one of the best looking games i have played.The bad point. The game play is very boring and repetitive and has not evolved from any of the earlier GTA's.There are next to no interiors which takes away the realism of the city.There is very limited interaction with other charactersIf you look at NPC's in say Skyrim they work during the day then go home in the evening or to the tavern. It's a neat touch to give the environment some realism, but in GTA the characters don't do that - they have no homes or daily routine.You can't pick pocket, or break in to peoples homes, collect things or steal things to create your own adventures, All you can do is drive and shoot and that gets very boring.Even the cheat codes are boring - so limited as to what you can do. They could at least have made the game more interesting.I hope when Rockstar makes GTA VI they at least look at and include the innovations that have been made in other games such as Skyrim or Witcher 3 to make the city an exciting, vibrant and realistic sand box city to play in instead of the pretty but boring game that is GTA V"
76561198043259416,Not Recommended,271590,15721883,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Jek Porkins,"Great game ruined by terrible policies involving mods, you'd think that once you buy a game you own it. Rockstar has shown completely just how much they do not care about their customers."
76561198026218704,Not Recommended,271590,15687405,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Joggo_Doggo,The game is fun.The only problem is that Rockstar are getting mad at modders who try to improve the overall gameplay experience.Screw you too Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,15679630,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Rogue,"Banned for using FOV mod TWICE, 10/10 would buy the game a third time."
,Not Recommended,271590,15691904,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Schepeppa,"I got banned without any warning at all by using the quick FOV mod, like many other users."
,Not Recommended,271590,15690880,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,tegafaru,"Good campaign, good story, good port. The characters could use a bit more depth.Horrible online mode, full of terrible bugs, glitches and many century long loading screens.I enjoy the gameplay and everything about the way the campaign works, but the online mode of this game is so bad that it ruins the entire game for me.Buy it if you just want to play singleplayer"
,Not Recommended,271590,15686232,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,james,Not worth every penny. Online is crap and repetitive and Rockstar permanently banned me for spawning in money.I would not buy this game unless you like the idea of Rockstar taking your money then f**king you in the♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,15680511,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wew Laddeus,"Used a mod to increase my FOV for playing in first person, and my account got banned from online"
76561198075675018,Not Recommended,271590,35229906,Posted: 26 September,all,kkeyz,"Holy crap, this game is a mess, well online is at least. Singleplayer is fine, but Online is an absolute mess as of september 2017.If I was writing this 2 years ago I would completely recommend this game, but that is far from the case now. Recently Legitimate players have been loosing money they've made legitimately, which is really messed up. The online is an absolute mess right now, as with the latest dlc being the most expensive every in game, with things like a 6 million dollar plane that is absolute garbage.Overall, don't get this game, not until Rockstar, or Take Two, or whatever group is responsible for all the crap that has been happening recently gets their act together."
,Not Recommended,271590,32555847,Posted: 18 June,all,Mogabi,Take two just basically just banned modding for this game. OpenIV has nothing to do with the hackers online!
,Not Recommended,271590,32696413,Posted: 23 June,all,Dreadlox,BAD TAKE TWO! BAD! SHAME ON YOU! GREEDY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198074547819,Not Recommended,271590,32569482,Posted: 19 June,all,kunkelbek,"TL;DR:Amazing game, Mods are back, Microtransactions still bad & taking down GTA 4's map to GTA 5.Review:Amazing game at its core, but I sincerely do NOT recommend you to buy this game at this moment. The game is filled with microtransactions, and in more recent news, the game has banned (almost) all (singleplayer) mods from the game, saying it is somehow ""cheating"" to use mods in singleplayer.NOTE: The said mods do not affect multiplayer gameplay in any way, and wouldnt be capable of doing so even if the modder tried.Until this cashgrabbing a-hole of a company switches its stance to a more consumer friendly one, do not buy this game.EDIT:Singleplayer mods are now back to GTA thanks to everyone on here writing their reviews and other efforts!Sadly they are now blocking the long anticipated port of GTA 4's map to GTA 5's engine.I'm keeping my negative review up for this reason and the microtransactions in the game.Please ignore this review if these 2 reasons don't bother you, the game itself is great!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32493901,Posted: 16 June,all,losalt,"Banned single player modding, devaluing the product offering, and scattering the community"
76561198057427199,Not Recommended,271590,32493876,Posted: 16 June,all,Rat Wizard,i've never played a video game that at base is so fun but has so many features designed to ruin that same base fungame sucks
76561198045621511,Not Recommended,271590,32695626,Posted: 23 June,all,Sauer,Don't **** with the community
,Not Recommended,271590,32556863,Posted: 18 June,all,Bear,"When I purchase a GTA game, I expect to be able to mod mai waifus in it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32493361,Posted: 16 June,all,Champion Of Degroot,"Crack down on modders because they arent playing the (single player and private multiplayer) game the way you want them to play it! If they aren't buying your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions, then they need to be shut down!Using a trainer (in single player) to drive an invincible bus at near light speed through a busy highway was the most fun I ever had in the game."
76561198045606366,Not Recommended,271590,32493904,Posted: 16 June,all,Rock_It_Science,♥♥♥♥ you take two interactive
,Not Recommended,271590,32569524,Posted: 19 June,all,James ƸӜƷ Night,This is what you get by messing with the community.
76561198140240683,Not Recommended,271590,32493906,Posted: 16 June,all,Doritorul3,"I really like this game and ive been playing it alot, but what is the point of doing heists and saving money for the newest update if rockstar is just going to take it away."
,Not Recommended,271590,32653772,Posted: 22 June,all,manimal,"Corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥ed up modding, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,271590,35449299,Posted: 3 October,all,medved,"No singeplayer expansions. Rockstar's only focus is charging ridiculous amounts of money for multiplayer content. Which is unenjoyable because of hackers. And the ridiculous cost of content. Also, false bans/currency adjustments are rampant."
76561197995475388,Not Recommended,271590,34769451,Posted: 5 September,all,[06-TS] Badassinc69,"So now R* is taking money you earn through playing the game and selling your businesses as intended, R* took close to 14 million from me that I grinded for weeks to save for the new DLC and left me with $50000, just to make ppl buy shark cards.This is shady as hell and horrible business practices, I have submitted 3 tickets to them since the release of this new patch, they call me a hacker and say that I have had my account adjusted minus all shark cards (which I have never bought I refuse to)I have only ever writen a review for one other game and this deserved a bad one if ROCKSTAR decides to fix my account I will change this review till then watch your wallets in game as Rockstar like to pick pockets.I usually play with a large group and they all grinded with me to make cash and watch Rockstar rip me off and steal my hard earned money THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,35013479,Posted: 16 September,all,Brett,"The best part is when you earn a bunch of money legitimately after having R* take away all your money, just to log in and see they took away over 3 million dollars, despite every dollar being earned through the bunkers and the vehicle warehouse. What's the point of grinding for hours in this game to buy the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overpriced content if you're gonna be treated as a cheater no matter what? I waste hours grinding money to buy stuff just to have all of it taken away for no reason."
,Not Recommended,271590,35054042,Posted: 18 September,all,Dr.Rektum M.D.,I used to have GTA V on Xbox and it was awesome. The online was fantastic and i never had a problem from it. After having not played the game for a year because i sold my console i decided to buy it on here. The single player was once again awesome but as soon as i got online it said i was banned forever. I didnt even have mods on my single player game and when i contacted rockstar all they said was sorry all bans are final. So pretty much saying well take your 60$ twice plus your shark cards then ban you because all we care about is your money. After looking into it i noticed that the ban apparnetly took place about a year ago on red dead redemption on a nintendo switch which makes no sense. I contacted rockstar with suspicion that someone had my account and all i was greeted with again was a big F YOU we dont care from rockstar. So moral of the story if you want to spend alot of money to have your account stolen and a company tell you oh well then this game i perfect for you! If youd rather not get screwed then id reccommend getting something different
,Not Recommended,271590,34645933,Posted: 31 August,all,Archany,"After watching youtubers play this game it relights the urge of playing however, after re-downloading to give it another chance it doesn't hesitate in reminding me how horrid the game is, which is swiftly followed with a uninstall and put into my toilet category on my steam library.This game is a master of nothing but you can't even call it a jack of all trades since pretty much every aspect of the game is badly done, racing, shooting, heist missions and all the other missions.The missions and new updates like becoming a CEO seems like it would be well planned and balanced to go through completing missions and reaping the rewards of better vehicles and maybe housing however, the missions require millions in investments to purchase an office, warehouses and garages which are needed to grind their unrewarding missions dozens of times in order to get one of the cheapest vehicles from the update which also cost millions not to mention the chance of losing everything over a small mistake or other players online deciding they want to use the vehicles from the new updates which they have already acquired to stop you.The motorcycle club update is even worse, purchase a club and businesses for millions, upgrade them for millions, grind out some of the horrible missions over the week to find your reward of barely any money.At this point the only way to enjoy this game is messing about with friends, creating your own goals to grind out the updates and gain vehicles / purchase a megalodon shark card every update / randomly come to a very large sum of in-game money and I doubt this will change for any future updates."
,Not Recommended,271590,35460331,Posted: 3 October,all,Risho,"Everything in the game now either flies, shoots rockets or both. ♥♥♥♥ GTAO. If you get this, you might as well play the story mode and then never touch it again. The new update has mad the game into literal ♥♥♥♥ing cancer.♥♥♥♥ shark cards."
76561198020397448,Not Recommended,271590,34874284,Posted: 10 September,all,AgentJ86,"I would assume this game is a great method of getting good with mods and hacking, seeing as theres absolutely zero prevention or monitoring of such occurances. Unless, of course, rockstar deems you've aquired more money than they deem acceptable. Which isn't much...Until Rockstar gets it's head out of it's♥♥♥♥♥ I wouldn't reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,35290287,Posted: 29 September,all,69 Lord ElCreamy | iTapZ,♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever just a pay to win dont waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ever pls you will get banned trust me sooner or later
,Recommended,271590,15439892,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,snoof ❤,"I play this at 720p, 24hz, and the lowest settings for the most cinematic experience."
,Not Recommended,271590,16341187,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Silent John,"The game has worse bugs now than it did when it was on last gen consoles, the story mode is the same, online is the same, and the only thing they added was a video editor which most people on pc already have defaut from their graphics cards. The player community that does heists is garbage for the most part. Its gotten to the point where no one wants to join heists. You wait 30 minutes to get a full group, the guy leaves, then its over and you have restart through the 7 minute long loading windows and wait for a text from Lester. THE GAME SHOULD BE CALLED LOADING SIMULATOR. After years of waiting for the heist update you still make more money in the long run doing Rooftop Rumble or other jobs by yourself. In fact instead of the whole heist update they would have been better off just bringing back the replay button for missions so you don't have to deal with the loading menus for grinding money on missions. The only redeeming quality for this whole game is the modding community.I've been play this game since Xbox 360 initial release and thought the PC release would be something better. That they would have made online mode worth playing. But its still the same old grind that it used to be. The game has actually gotten worse since release on Xbox with all the ways they try to stop you from making money legitamately. Can't sell expensive cars over and over at the garage, can't do missions on a playlist, can't favorite missions, all jobs have decreased in money earned to make way for heists, etc. And the hackers are more prevalent than ever; going around sessions dropping millions if not billions. First time I saw one I thought it was an Admin with all the things they were able to do. Altering the entire online session and teleporting around giving money to everyone. Other times they go around just griefing everyone, especially in jobs/heists.The most recent patch is a joke, outfits for the price of an entire heist payout, a gold jet that does nothing for 10 mil (versus a hover jet in the game with rockets and explosive rounds for only 3mil), a 2 mil super car that is worse than all the super cars that were in the game before that doesn't come fully armored and doesn't do anything special...only buy this game if you want to play around in story mode with mods or if you have 3 friends that want to play heists with you on a regular basis; because from the looks of it thats the only way you're going to be able to afford anything without hacking.Also they have ruined aerial combat with the addition of the homing missle and the tank in this game is weaker than a APC/SUV soooooooo."
,Not Recommended,271590,16311942,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,FabLab FPD,"summer sale deal is terrible. take 25% off the real game. none of my friends are even interested in your terrible free money deal.otherwise this games story is alright, it has some bugs, and the online is you know.... decent at  best because of the ilk that play it are awefull, and the loading screens are numerous and forever. my suggestion, dont buy the summer sale deal, wait a couple months the price will drop and you wont have to waste your money on those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ skark cards."
,Not Recommended,271590,16310301,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wery Big Monk,"Price change from 56€ to 75€ right before sale and then -25% ""sale price"", you wanted negative review? this is how to get itUpdate 6/2017: Take2 just banned mods for single player, because in their mind it is somehow connected to online cheaters."
76561198058507467,Not Recommended,271590,28829277,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,YASHA LAVA,"МЕРТВАЯ ИГРА,ТОЛЬКО ДЛЯ ЛЮДЕЙ У КОТОРЫХ УМЕРЛА ВСЯ СЕМЬЯ И ДЛЯ ТЕХ КОГО ПИЗЗДИЛИ В ШКОЛЕ"
76561198008453113,Not Recommended,271590,16315717,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ballsack,Rockstar? More like Jewstar.
,Recommended,271590,15425293,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Wilef,"I went into online and killed a guy for killing 5 people for no reason.  We had a duel for about 20 minutes and he ended up trying to run after I killed him 43 times and he killed me 12 times.  Soon after he yelled something in russian at me over the mic and then my game crashed.  Later I went in another online game and got molested by a man who told me to get in his van and then was shot and put into a ditch.  Later a hacker came on and proceeded to kill everyone in the server and crashed many peoples games, I was not one of these people.  Instead he proceeded to spawn a car in front of me, told me to get in and we launched across the map, then he put his character into mine and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me which triggered my feminist needs so I left the server and told Tumblr about it.69/420 like skyrim with water."
76561197977159442,Not Recommended,271590,16332466,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,C_Fear,"This game has been in development for years. They finally released it for a reasonable €59,99 earlier this year.The game had a budget of millions, all earned back within two days of release, and now they have the audacity to bump up the price just before they offer a 25% discount so they can grab €59,99 off of the poor fools who had hoped that the Summer Sale would mean they could afford the game.Utterly despicable. Get the game from whatever retailer you can find at whatever price you deem reasonable, but for the love of god DON'T take the 25% bait."
76561198018078909,Not Recommended,271590,16332691,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,$HADO$TORM,Bought the Shark cards for the summer sale package. Doesnt seem to work when im in Online GTA.
,Not Recommended,271590,23779845,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,deanxvii,"Instead of trying to fix the cheating that goes on in multiplayer, they get rid of modding for SINGLEPLAYER.What a joke"
,Not Recommended,271590,32534846,Posted: 18 June,all,You'dNeverGrazz,You know what you did.
,Not Recommended,271590,33263047,Posted: 4 July,all,Festive Fox,Too many hackers in GTA: Online
,Not Recommended,271590,28650528,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Slate,"Instead writing a whole paragraph= Great Game, bad support, bad anticheat, bad community (with some exceptions), too expensive things in Online modenow you might think its negative but i still love this game but everyone i played with got banned for using discord or singeplayer mods like what the ♥♥♥♥ R* pls help :("
76561198109363014,Not Recommended,271590,32766288,Posted: 25 June,all,Ken1202,Well done Rockstar by banning our mods
,Not Recommended,271590,28865890,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AnDrEi,WEAK BAN SYSTEM
76561198150732839,Not Recommended,271590,33106704,Posted: 1 July,all,Cryostat,It is a 5/10. It's an average game that has long loading times and multiplayer will disconnect at random times. Hackers have been ruining multiplayer since 2013. The microtransactions have no justification being in the game at all. Everything in multiplayer is an unfair grind so it gives incentive for people to buy shark cards (which costs real money). GTA V has been an overall disappointment for me and Take Two's ban of singleplayer mods further makes the point that these greedy people don't care about the community. They said they would fix the hacker problem a long time ago but they always end up banning innocent people that had nothing to do with it and they probably will never solve the issue.
,Not Recommended,271590,16329866,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Manchester,I'm going to be honest with you.I bought this game just for mods....I'm still going to play it since I spent $60 on it...EDIT: I CAN'T EVEN MOD IT ANYMORE! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ TAKE TWO!
,Not Recommended,271590,32610830,Posted: 20 June,all,❤ Smuck Gamdom.com,THE JUST ♥♥♥♥ GTA ♥♥♥♥ YOU TAKE TWO I WISH YOU DIE ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.l.
,Not Recommended,271590,16314772,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Crazy frog,"This game sucks ♥♥♥♥ing ballsack. Enjoy ur first hours, because after that the launcher will give you a internet bug, and you will never be able to play the game again. Ps you will send a ticket to the admins and they will wait 1 month and then send a useless link with a useless fix that u have tried 1000 times.Trust me dont buy this game if u do not meditate daily.I was srsly about to ♥♥♥♥ing go jack♥♥♥♥♥♥insane after trying to fix this games for hours and hours.If a dev ever reads this i want to ask them one question, how can you be a bilion dollar company with the worst servers in the world and the most annoying bugs out there, this game is worse than all early acces games combined.So hail Satan and have a lovely afternoon.Best regards on thoose ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on servers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429635,Posted: 15 June,all,BOT mARR,"Mods are an essential part of PC gaming, RIP Open IV."
76561198050815104,Not Recommended,271590,32573467,Posted: 19 June,all,Youky Bloszak,"Take Two has really shot themselves in the knee here with the whole Open IV situation. This... this is not okay! As much as it pains me to give this game a negative review we can not just sit around and let them destroy single player modding.I encourage you all to do the same, protest against Rockstar and Take Two until they learn their lesson and fix this!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32564120,Posted: 19 June,all,Satan C-137,No mods? Me no like.
,Not Recommended,271590,16582776,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mindless,ScamStar got greedy in summersale
76561198193665025,Not Recommended,271590,32713201,Posted: 23 June,all,Gnomon,"If you want to support drm and overreaching developers ready to ban you for modding in single player, then this game is for you, maybe you should consider a console.If you're a PC gamer, have some respect for yourself and the community, and save your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,19256715,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,✡ Baruir33 #MAGA,Too many hackers. I havent joined a lobby where i dont get put in a endless death loop. Cant believe i wasted 60 dollars on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Singleplayer is fun though but online is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ IF your buyin this game for 0nline dont get it.
,Not Recommended,271590,16620219,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ᅚ,Money grabbing simulator with kindergarten and other crazy people.This is what a professional review site would tell you:''10/10-Like Skyrim with guns and script kiddies''
76561197984527563,Not Recommended,271590,16497974,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GoldenShowe2,Cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,271590,16499253,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Roshi,"GTA Online is full of hackers at the moment, every session I play, I get to meet atleast one lovely hacker, don't believe me? take a look at my screenshots of GTA V."
76561198067637016,Not Recommended,271590,33280716,Posted: 5 July,all,FluffyLeader,I miss when GTA was a mainly single player game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32428202,Posted: 15 June,all,Citro,RIP Modding Community.
76561198042439688,Not Recommended,271590,16338804,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ketchupman7,Probably would've sold more copies if they didn't make this stupid choice to make the game sixty while the summer sale is going on.
,Recommended,271590,20121595,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Freerider-Dave,"Grand Theft Auto VSingle Player And General OverviewI have been a GTA fan since the very beginning. Unlike most GTA ""Fans"" coming to GTA V my favourite game in the series was GTA IV not SA. I loved GTA IV and fully 100 percented it and probably put in nearly 300 hours on a single player game without ever modding it I loved it that much. When I first heard about GTA V I was excited to say the least. Excited but skeptical, skeptical that they wouldent be able to better IV especially when I learned about the three character story and character changing.Waiting for the PC (superior) release seemed like an eternity. But when it finally came I was blown away. The game is visualy beautiful, the world is more alive than the previous versions. The story and the characters were fantastic. The gunplay and first person mode is great it gives a new feeling to a game we are all familiar with. As with GTAIV I will be fully 100 percenting this game as I feel it deserves it. Their are aspects of the game that were definetley better in IV in my opionion. I feel IV & V are both masterpieces.Well Done Rockstar, whats next?MultiplayerGTA OnlineCOULDbe one of the best multiplayer games out there, could.The range of activities and the heists are fantastic. Daily challenges, random pop up challenges all the diffrent events, fantastic.Throw some friends into the equasion and you have even more fun on heists etc.The problem with online the crippling hideous and depressing problem with Online is the Hackers & The Modders.Dont get me wrong as a PC gamer we have the power to mod games but Rockstar should have a choice in servers. One for people who want to play vanilla and one for the Modders.""No Mr modder I dont want you to spawn me any vehicle or money, as I like to complete a game with skill and feel achievement for what I have done""The hackers jesus christ! Casualy cruising down the road and suddenley ""EXPLOSION"" oh great I'm dead, oh the whole server is dead and now its raining cargo planes and tanks! Oh and I'm dead again!The commuinty is odd. Its 80% bad in honesty. Hackers and modders justifying what they are doing and even legit games begging modders for money then praising the modders! Shows the calibre of gamer when they accept cheaters in a game as they can profit from it. Pathetic!I respect Rockstar as a company keeping the game up to date and giving us free DLC and Additions (I'm looking at you EA & Ubisoft)But cmon guys please sort out the hackers at least! Its hard to get excited about a game when you cant play online without the fear of them messing up your game. It sucks to say but I'm almost looking forward to 100 percenting my achievements so I can walk away from the frustration that is GTA Online :(Freerider-Dave"
,Not Recommended,271590,32733342,Posted: 24 June,all,JONΛTHΛN,Ban simulator
,Not Recommended,271590,28507573,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TDice,"been playing this game for a while...Its gets boring fast. Yes they update the game and add stuff to it but its always the same thing over and over.Online is toxic, Most people just run around killing everything just to be a troll.Yes i had fun for a while on this game but after a while, i saw the true Rockstar. They lost there touch and tis isnt like the old GTA games that I loved.But this game is a good buy if you just want to kill time and don't mind buying this game at a discount.If i wouldnt recomend this game to my friends, i can't recommend it to everyone else. Simple as that."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447653,Posted: 15 June,all,DarkLucas21,"Taking away OpenIV from the people who can make the game even more enjoyable and probably get more people to buy the game from Steam. Ripping off everyone in online by making each new update cost 10x as much money. And finally, forcing you to play the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ standard game where some modders who aren't scared of a banhammer take away your money. The fact that this game is still $60 ♥♥♥♥ing blows my mind. Go to hell Take-Two and Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447650,Posted: 15 June,all,Luke799,♥♥♥♥ 2k and their greedy monetized multiplayer PTW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561197975456438,Not Recommended,271590,32764175,Posted: 25 June,all,Paddy,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,16462879,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DCslayerX,as of right now there are so many hackersand barely any of them are actually fun.
,Recommended,271590,20800018,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","It doesn't really need to be said that GTAV is a great game. The story is great, the characters are all interesting in their own ways and the character-swapping mechanic is used in some interesting ways, both the main missions and the assortment of side missions are a lot of fun, and there's plenty of things to do in Los Santos, more than enough to last at least 60+ hours without even touching online. The game even has hot-swapping gamepad/keyboard support, so if you want to walk and shoot with a mouse and keyboard but drive or fly with a gamepad, all you have to do is plug in your pad and just use it when you get into a vehicle; it even toggles the vibration on and off automatically when you switch between controllers. The PC port is pretty great overall, and there are a lot of mods out there.But what really surprised me was how good the newly added first person view mode was, which lets you play the whole thing in first person. They really went the whole nine yards for it - it has iron sights for the guns, vehicles have detailed interiors and characters in the car animate more than you would normally expect for a primarily third person game, etc. I played the whole game in first person and I'd very highly recommend trying it, because I think it really helps show off just how much detail Rockstar stuffed into this game's open world. Driving in first person makes much more of a difference than you might initially expect, encouraging you to drive more like you would in real life and adding that little extra bit of immersion in. Playing the game like this changed it to the point that I don't know if I'd be able to go back if they remove the feature in the next game because of how well-implemented it was here."
,Recommended,271590,24108527,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HiX,"Loading...Joining a session..Loading..Invite to setup.. joining..Loading.. FULL, queue or leave ? leave. Loading...Currently you are in your own session. find new session.. Loading...Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading..."
76561198006767657,Not Recommended,271590,26474173,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Erwin070,Just believe the ban without reason comments on the forum
,Not Recommended,271590,32564095,Posted: 19 June,all,First Randy Nostril,Uninstalled.Your customers made you who you are. Don't forget that.
,Not Recommended,271590,34533380,Posted: 27 August,all,JollyGhost300_ Gaming™,R* Owes me $1.5M
,Not Recommended,271590,32507407,Posted: 17 June,all,Woody,"Take 2 can shove their microtransactions right up their collective ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Seriously, why the **** go after the modders when you can't even institute an anti-cheat system!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32604981,Posted: 20 June,all,[evilsoapbox],No mods; won't play.
76561198082445012,Not Recommended,271590,32724229,Posted: 24 June,all,Juice,Dogged the boys
,Not Recommended,271590,29023510,Posted: 4 January,all,AllTheseVertices,"After over 300 hours played, and being a fan of R* games, I'm done.I was banned for one month, after being given money by a hacker. If someone elses actions dictate my privelege to play this game, I'm finished.  Never mind the rampant hackers in godmode, slaying the innocent. Wave them past, that's obviously just a part of the experience. After reading through reviews, it seems I am by no means alone. The salt in the wound? They reset my character. Back to level one. No cars, no money. Boy am I glad I have never spent a dime on the outrageously priced shark cards. Put into perspective: The price of the expensive yacht in the game that serves as a spawn location - $100. What? Are you daft?Should I ever decide to play after my suspension, one thing is for sure. I'm going to hack. Screw it. If I'm getting banned anyways, I may as well go out in bloody style. Especially since I'm not putting in 300 more hours to get my progress back."
,Not Recommended,271590,26408482,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,123,♥♥♥♥ing useless rockstar .never ban hacker .just ban normal player .
,Not Recommended,271590,30090514,Posted: 21 February,all,EAST,"BANNED FOR NO REASON AND WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IMAGINABLE, I REPEAT WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IMAGINABLE.I wish I could copy and paste all the other bad reviews and post them here.  Had the game about a week and got banned for 100% no reason.  On my life, I never abused, hacked, coded or anything else their generic BS response says you did.  it appears to me that certain streaming software for twitch or youtube (Xsplit Bropadcaster being the one I used) triggers this false ban, but instead of hearing it they automatically label you a hacker and have a ghetto punk in customer service reread you they generic line everyone recieves for everything.  I tried to raise the issue in technical support as something they simply need to investigate, in a VERY POLITE manor, and I was simply called a hacker and hung up on.  Furthermore they refuse to ellaborate on any issues you call about unlike many other gaming companies that actually care about their fan base.  They have become a money hungry, coorperate company that very possibly could be simply banning people to try and bring in repeated game purchases, read all the reviews of people being banned for zero reasons and prove me wrong.  I whole heartidly believed that autobanning software was fairly intelligent and that it was all people crying wolf for the most part when this sort of thing happened.  I no longer believe this in regards to any Rockstar games.  I believe that Rockstar could care less about their fanbase who is unfortunate enough to get screwed out of their money because they have become to big for their own britches.  I am not only infuriated, but I am more driven than ever to contact anyone I can regarding their unethical behavior.I HIGHLY recommend people think twice about purchasing this game for any online play as you could be just as easily robbed of both your money and any progress you gain along the way as judging by the reviews it has happened at any number of hours into the game.  Rockstar games has solidified itself as never recieving another dime from me ever.  I'm literally disgusted by this companies behavior and lack of caring for (what used to be) fans."
76561198060998688,Not Recommended,271590,28318531,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Sgt. Dude,I am now added to the statistic of innocent people getting banned in GTAO.
,Recommended,271590,27785193,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,shiimau#6,This game is actually pretty cool if you're playing with friends :)
,Not Recommended,271590,33167276,Posted: 2 July,all,ZestyVesty,Thanks to Take-Two for being greedy money-suckers and getting rid of SINGLEPLAYER mods with the use of OpenIV...
76561197984494270,Not Recommended,271590,32841262,Posted: 26 June,all,Cak3.^,take two. take two ♥♥♥♥ yous. ♥♥♥♥ your game and ♥♥♥♥ your company. we wont forget
76561198355397680,Not Recommended,271590,29005074,Posted: 4 January,all,wc33321e,"Played for a few hours online. Bought two shark cards through Steam. Banned by Rockstar right after they accepted my money. ♥♥♥♥ rockstar, ♥♥♥♥ them hard I'll never buy another ♥♥♥♥♥♥star game ever."
,Not Recommended,271590,33012254,Posted: 29 June,all,Panicsferd,"Even though it can be a fun game because I originally purchased it on console, like most GTAs, and the main reason why I wanted to get it on PC was for the mods, and for LSPDFR - but because of what Take Two has decided to do is not right and it goes against what the PC and singleplayer modding is all about.I don't get why they would take this stance when singleplayer mods have nothing to do with their online game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443367,Posted: 15 June,all,VarInt,Open IV sends their regards.
,Not Recommended,271590,32838345,Posted: 26 June,all,Danny Deli Meat,"Fun game ruined by Rockstar's greedy microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. When you buy the game and load up GTA: O, expect to spend days of playing just to be able to buy a single thing. The average car costs over a million dollars, the properties and DLC all cost at least 2-3 mil just to get set up and the fun vehicles are all 3mil +. You get paid like 25000 per mission if you're lucky, unless you want to find a bunch of very competent players to grind heists for hours upon hours just to afford one ♥♥♥♥ing thing. I used to love GTA but ♥♥♥♥ R* for this greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥ The worst part is, Shark Cards still cost the same as they always have and give the same low amount of cash that they always have. If RDR2 has an online it'll probably cost 100 bucks to get in game cash to buy a horse with a gattling gun or some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198147158741,Not Recommended,271590,26437576,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,怪獸,"There's no reason to ban me into the game ,FK,ing  Rockstar Games!"
76561198072695446,Not Recommended,271590,33598465,Posted: 16 July,all,GoodGuyMichael,"R* raises the price of their 4 year old game before big sales to keep it at $60. What a steal.AMAZING STORY MODEIf you lose anything on your GTA character and expect to get help from support, think again. They'll respond, but it never goes anywhere.Did I mention the game is still $60 after 4 years because they release free content every once in awhile that you need to grind for?I may of threw a few months away of my life as you may notice, but my opinion still standsToxic online, great with friends, but if you plan to buy a bunch of cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ you'll either need to throw your life away to grind missions and heists to get a dog♥♥♥♥♥♥amounts of cash in return, or run into a friendly hacker that gives you millions.It really comes down to preference, gameplay is great. Their system of gaining cash is boring after your first 100 hours, if you've got the time to throw into this game, you'll most likely love this game as I once did. I can't support the recent choices R* has made selling this game and ♥♥♥♥ing over the modding community for a short while.Avoid like the plague?"
,Not Recommended,271590,28648552,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dennis,"I was baned and I didnt do anything ilegal, I phoned Rockstar and they dont even want to check on it"
76561198045895288,Not Recommended,271590,32992700,Posted: 29 June,all,X_x_ENDO_x_X,Shouldnt have done that.....he was just a boy.
,Not Recommended,271590,32467208,Posted: 16 June,all,Misterchicken,Rip OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32943078,Posted: 28 June,all,Jethro [NBFL],Just simply don't.
,Not Recommended,271590,32435745,Posted: 15 June,all,Daleks,"The take two singleplayer modding drama is gone and it ended in a win for us, the consumers.But, still, ♥♥♥♥ you GTA V. Boring grind. If I wasn't part of NODO I would have quit a long time ago. They have all of this fun stuff but its all locked. I almost feel as trapped as if I was playing a mobile game."
,Not Recommended,271590,33288773,Posted: 5 July,all,Drekec,I regret buying this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32467230,Posted: 16 June,all,Pimp Master,"They just banned modding in this game, SP was the only fun thing anyway. Online is♥♥♥♥♥♥ 5 minute loading screens after finishing a mission, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥toxic players, tons of hackers, and stupidly expensive items. Review would've been 6/10 but banning mods just gave it a -10/10."
76561198002501620,Not Recommended,271590,30600807,Posted: 18 March,all,34 ThousandAli Prime,"Ban people for no reason, erase their years of progress. ♥♥♥♥ no dont buy this."
76561198193568391,Not Recommended,271590,30655438,Posted: 21 March,all,MAURICE WHITE,Its actually a good game after you get used to1.Constant bugs2.downloading for hours to find that it dont work3.constant crashing4.getting randomly banned with your characters reset5.lots of updates that give you even more bugsand i could go on but im off to play some gta 5 so anyway overall10/10 gamewould totally recommend this game to everyone i know
76561198004309643,Not Recommended,271590,22113763,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Noob|Smoke^,"I am disappointed. The new GTA V is not a revolution it is only an evolution, but not really that good.-Physics:I don't like physics in this game, you can control cars in air, you don't have to drive carefully anymore because your car will flip on it's wheels with no problem.So no stress about losing your favourite car. You can drive as reckless as you can.Ragdolls are a bit too stiff thus not fun or interesting. Also being drunk was way better and much more funny in GTA IV.-AI:People's behaviour is odd. You can stand still next to someone and see weird reactions, like being scared, run away or attack your character for no reason.You can actually kill a pedestrian by hitting him in his face. Literally one punch to the head is enough.There are plenty of people in Los Santos... but somehow... it feels empty... Very limited human like reactions.-Vehicles:Vehicles are well deatailed,looks really nice but as I mentioned before about air control and flipping very unreal.Damage looks also very poor comparing to GTA IV.  Once I used a MG weapon on a car, I shot almost 3 ammo magazines and car didn't blow up... In GTA IV air is getting out from wheels slowly when shot, in GTA V it's already gone. Smoke is also better and more realistic in GTA IV when you burn tires(but those are just small things).Oh and I can't modify and save a truck at the moment but will look for a proper place/garage if exist.-Animations:People's animations, reactions, idle states are very limited.-Story:The story is not very interesting, there are a couple of nice, fast paced missions but that's all.-Buildings:This is the thing that annoys me the most! I thought this game,this city is so big, natural, expanded and real but it is not! You can't enter buildings, only places like tattoos, barber, clothing and small shopsCheck how many places you can visit in GTA IV !! Restaurants, expensive apartments, diners, hospitals,clubs ,casinos, bowling clubs,museums,normal buildings(apartments),corridors,underground stations/metros,abandoned houses/rooms etc. I don't want to say that GTA V has nothing to offer but look how limited this is !! Only one so SMALL music club with strippers(I don't mind them, after all I'm a male:) )I bought a different music club but I can't enter it anyway, I only get weekly income for it, so where's the fun, expansion, naturality!? Nowhere, you are closed in a 'matrix Los Santos' with agents watching you.-Online:To be honest online is boring, especially if you don't have an organized crew(friends). Playing alone and being constantly killed by other players and/or many cheaters is no fun at all.+Good thing:The good thing about GTA V in 'MY' opinion is that,that this game looks beautiful,has well detailed environment,cars and a new very useful tool like Rockstar Video Editor (a huge thumb up for this) also added animals makes this game more lively.Overall:GTA V is beautiful outside but empty inside. It is a really fun game and I enjoyed playing it, however after playing it for a long time you start to see it's flaws.  I only recommend this game for how it looks and for Rockstar Video Editor. This is the first time I wanted to give a neutral review but I can't and because of advantage of things I don't like I chose a negative.Don't blame me for anything I'm only a casual gamer, maybe I'm too old for games and I demand too much...? but this is my personal opinion"
76561198051597043,Not Recommended,271590,21750738,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Respect Sau Sal ?!?!,"As everybody knows , the Storyline and gameplay is awesome , but if you plan buying GTA V for it's Online , just don't , bad servers . laggy , take whole minutes just to load when you come out of your house , 90% of the players quit the online missions and you just wasted your time , but you should play it in Private Sessions with freinds , that will be fun actually , but Solo , horrible ."
,Not Recommended,271590,32432912,Posted: 15 June,all,-UR-ManBearPig,Hope they don't do the same thing for Kerbal Space Program
,Not Recommended,271590,32514708,Posted: 17 June,all,Marauder Shields,Eat a dic'k R*
76561198058200622,Not Recommended,271590,34589180,Posted: 29 August,all,Kamensky,"Rockstar will take your money regardless if you exploited, or earned every single cent legitimately because they want you to throw money at them for Shark Cards. Then probably take your money away again.Newest update made the game unlaunchable for a good few. If a quick fix doesn't come out soon I'm sayin f*** this."
76561198042046132,Not Recommended,271590,32587051,Posted: 20 June,all,Phantom Seeker,"Amazing single player. Loved it when I played it almost 4 years ago. Now though, it's all about the multiplayer. Which is godforsakenly awful;- Massive hacking issues- Mass false permanbans for people affected by hackers - but NOT hacking themselves- Awful relationship with the community- Just effectively banned modding the single player with a threatened lawsuit- Arguably pay-to-win online spendingJust avoid"
,Not Recommended,271590,33013301,Posted: 29 June,all,his coconut gun,♥♥♥♥ u take 2
76561198091021588,Not Recommended,271590,33013700,Posted: 29 June,all,KingSlayer,"I used to love GTA. Modding single player experience made it a masterpiece.. Now its just trash. Not being able to play a game the way I want to is rediculous. I payed for the game, I should be able to experience it the way I want to. I understand that multiplayer need to be controlled but why the **** is it their business how I play it in single player. They are money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Already made an inconcievalbe ammount of money and now they want to make even more at the expense of all the people that supported them. **** these people. They have no respect for the community that made them successful. I will never buy another RockStar product again and I advise anyone reading this to do the same."
,Not Recommended,271590,32802140,Posted: 25 June,all,Pelovsky,"Even though OpenIV has returned, and is being worked on again, that's all well and good, but if you aren't one to play mods, and are interested in the Online aspect, I can't recommend it too much. Everyone knows about the Shark Cards. And I think the name is accurate, with recent updates, they make it seem as though the next release is the ""hip new thing that will make you a huge amount of money"", when in reality these new additions actually take you more time than some of the first releases made. As an example, the business update, adding warehouses and crates, is still the most profitable way to make money, with the biker update being considered second, by a significant distance. Compared to the recent gunrunning business, the biker update makes more money. They are giving you progressively less useful income, while jacking up the prices for these things, it's all an effort to get you to buy more of their bloody cards."
,Recommended,271590,15387451,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dickey™,"Uhhh, its broken as all hell (for me and maybe 20% of the people playing) at the moment and has optimization issues even on powerful♥♥♥♥♥rigs.But, like a fair reviewer i'll review the game as if its a few weeks from launch and most issues are fixed.The game is:Beautifulresponsive controls (remember GTAIV?)(for most) the game runs like a dream, smooth as butter.Basically the perfect Gta game we've all been waiting for since san andreas.oh almost forgot, there's kitty catsand you could shoot them........Why didnt you buy this game yet?"
,Recommended,271590,17672659,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,Towering over Rockstar's cheeky satire is a simulated Los Santos few would have imagined during the equally ground-breaking GTA IV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32653137,Posted: 22 June,all,360metal,"Great game, horrible company. RIP OPENIV"
,Not Recommended,271590,18979671,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Scrumilation,"Via tomar no cu rockstar, espero que vocÊs queimem do inferno por destruir os mods multiplayer do gta V, seus bostas do♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198012209525,Not Recommended,271590,30048280,Posted: 19 February,all,You're Dead,"CAUTION: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR ONLINE PURPOSES. I have recently been suspended/banned from GTA Online a month. I have not done any of the following as specified by their ban policy: modding in GTA Online, exploiting or abusing game mechanics, manipulating protected game data and code, or interfering with other players’ gameplay experience. I was in a server ealier where there was a person who was hacking and killing everyone on the server at the same time. When this occured, I left the server almost immediately. I logged on a couple of hours later to find that I have been banned. When this happens, you lose everything, aparment, cars, character progression, the works. Therefore, it is a huge waste of time. All of this for something that I cannot control... In fear that I will get permanently banned and wasting even more of my time, I will not be playing this game again.I submitted a ticket to Rockstar and got an immediate automated response. It simply stated that they do not repeal bans. Rockstar did not even tell me for what reason I got banned. It really is a joke, they have an autobanning system and an autobanning ticket response system. Therefore, if you ever get banned, you are screwed. No way to talk to an actual person to look into it. Sounds like a really cheap/crappy quality control system. It goes to show how much they really care about the customer. All they care about is getting money, screw the end user...."
,Not Recommended,271590,32507177,Posted: 17 June,all,bennog,Anti Modding = Anti PC Community.
,Not Recommended,271590,32632975,Posted: 21 June,all,Ohmtasia,Rockstar and T2 can take their game and boof it.
,Not Recommended,271590,16366694,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lem,TY YOU SCUMBAGS <333
,Not Recommended,271590,33416920,Posted: 9 July,all,really fun guy,trash
,Recommended,271590,28035866,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mutsumi,"If I could only play one game for the rest of my life, this would be it."
,Not Recommended,271590,34418542,Posted: 22 August,all,Diagoras,"Rockstar refuses to address the countless issues people are having, like the game crashing on start up and even a full hard drive wipe won't fix it. Rockstar doesn't care about you once you've purchased their game."
76561198101812698,Not Recommended,271590,33161367,Posted: 2 July,all,The Moderately Temperd Librarian,NO MODS REALLY ?I accepet the fact that they dont allow mods in mutiplay i get it its not fairbut single player wow I officaliy hate rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,26242815,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SoulDistortion,I got banned for using FRAPS. Customer support is doing nothing. ♥♥♥♥ this company. I'll never buy anothe rockstar product again.
,Not Recommended,271590,34650244,Posted: 31 August,all,Captain Autismo,*does criminal mastermind**gets it all taken away by rockstars ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anticheat**support responds with a bot and you're left with nothing*back to singleplayer
76561198035634927,Not Recommended,271590,32512914,Posted: 17 June,all,TheVaginaBorn,Didnt think you were so greedy Rockstar...
,Recommended,271590,24807624,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Gambit,"Fun game to play online esp. in a private session with friends. The only issue I have with this game is that when they decide to add new content, they tend to add a ridiculous price tag with it. This is arguably the main reason why many players - not all - turn towards hacking. If the developers of this game want to encourage players to purchase in-game content in a legitimate manner, they should adjust their price tags to a more reasonable one. All in all, it's still a good game and I would rate it a 8/10."
76561198044460497,Not Recommended,271590,32616943,Posted: 21 June,all,fehilly4,Only bought this on PC for the mods! Total waste of money!
,Not Recommended,271590,32963107,Posted: 28 June,all,cx8p,ban of mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32559854,Posted: 19 June,all,Manu,Take two are ruining this game
76561198338120076,Not Recommended,271590,26329773,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pg1995215,"Today, here I want to tell the voices of our players. For us this a good game player, without using any external circumstances, by the R star title, feel very angry. Just buy the game just a few hours, without any plug-in was told the number one month. This is not respect for us, and the game side of the monitoring system of a serious loophole, where I think steam platform should regulate the monitoring of R stars, but also our majority of players a good game environment"
76561198107535043,Not Recommended,271590,26331263,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SoupSpoon,First and last rockstar game i'll ever buy in my life. Apperently adding a car to your game was a no no for rockstar. JUST A FREAKING CAR. My online account was wiped clean for that. Requesting a refund.
76561198025378435,Not Recommended,271590,35036064,Posted: 17 September,all,iWalrus,All the modders ruined it for me :(
76561198077467902,Not Recommended,271590,29439713,Posted: 23 January,all,Moe Lester,"Bad experience with this game. Bought and played for 2 days. Banned for 30 days for unknown reasons.... I do not recommend this game! Rockstar support is just copy paste robots, consumer is ignored."
,Not Recommended,271590,23807639,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,OrgyMeyer,"Bought game in steam sale, played single player for a bit then went to online. Played 2 hours of online, now banned.Don't buy it if you are planning on playing the multiplayer, you'll be stuck in single player only! :(Thankfully got a refund on my second copy but played this one too much for steam refund policy! :("
,Not Recommended,271590,24307534,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,HemoSnake,"Micro-transcations and greedy developers.Fun game though.Honestly, I gave up on Rockstar after Steam told them they had to put their game on sale and they increased the price and then put it on sale... cheap move..."
,Not Recommended,271590,23900589,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✪ Charlie TPG ツ,"Not Recomended, Filled With Modders And Hackers"
,Not Recommended,271590,24052063,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,N1nja | CS.MONEY,"So i just finished a mision in multiplayer and got 81k, I'm just driving to my company and i get kicked out of the car and i get a notification telling me that i am now banned until next month. This Game Is ♥♥♥♥ing Trash. 10/10 would get banned for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason again."
,Not Recommended,271590,23644151,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,xftan77,"死了个机重启回来就被封了。一千两百个小时的364级号，钱袋没捡过，见到LV500以上的号直接换战局，每次都是进的只能邀请的战局，我倒想知道凭个什么理由来封？I got banned after my computer crashed and rebooted. So that is how rockstar treats a decent and legit player who has spent 1200 hours to get lv364 in this game? I was proud to prove every single one who suspects i am cheater wrong with my gaming skill. But seems like it is just wasting my breath since Rockstar simply dont care about the good sport of this game like me by carelessly banning account without a reason. And seriously, rockstart can use some well experienced developers to work on their ridiculous cheat detecting system. They are doing a great help to ruin this game even better than the cheaters."
,Not Recommended,271590,24317593,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rosé Xeno,"Dont get me wrong, i love GTA games, always greatly enjoyed playing them. With GTA V it was the same for a good while, but now the game (or the online part i should say) has become quite less than stellar. While yes rockstart provides us with ""free content"" rather than shelling it out as DLC, it isnt exactly what it sounds. An average public lobby is either those with mod menus, or children begging for mod menu money drops. I'll agree the children asking and not playing the game can get annoying, but you cant blame them all too much anymore. the average price of a new car from the more recent updates is upwards of 2mil plus. and for those without many friends to play with it can be horridly painful to try to obtain that much money as nobody wants to sit there grinding out boring missions they've already done about 40 million times just to barely have anything at the end of it all. Heists can provide great amounts of money, but the mod menu users screw that up for others as well. not to mention the children who cant comprehend what to do make it near impossible as their screwups ruin it for everyone. The game was great, but rockstar just started getting greedy. the only efficient money making now is to drop a few hundred dollars on some shark cards only to spend it all in about 3 vehicles. If you intent to play mostly for the singleplayer than by all means id recommend the game. but since the online is the main focus i Cannoy recommend this game overall. there are plenty of better games from companies that are far less money hungry."
76561198355031971,Not Recommended,271590,32570739,Posted: 19 June,all,GTA 5 online,I want mods back!!!!
76561198093307676,Not Recommended,271590,24008746,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,vito.nahberger,"This is my litle story:I buy this game because of multiplayer. At first i play only story line but aftef fev days i decidet to try multiplayer so i went online. The problems hawe olredy began at character creation, because the game was shutingdown from no reason. Somehow i managed to get passt that problem and started tutorials, an at first mach search i got banned for half year for no reason. WTF!?Sry for bad english but i think you got the message."
76561198014141426,Not Recommended,271590,24233110,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SaucyBeats,"Don't expect to play this game when you really want to sit down and play it. GTA Online has been broken for me and clearly many, many others and cannot even get online at all. Rockstar support is absolutly useless in helping. I've been emailing them for 2 weeks now, and am lucky to get a response withing 72 hours. They have yet to legitimately explain what the issue is, and cannot provide a solution. I have an $80 desktop shortcut on my computer. Obviously cannot reccomend the game.As for gameplay, average. all I can say, online is where the funs at but I can't remember because its been a year since i could get on"
,Not Recommended,271590,24750885,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,nick4dead1912,"I like this game alot, as a matter of fact I've always been a fan of R* games, specially GTA. I even brought GTA V first on Xbox 360 then Xbox One and when released on PC I Pre-Order it because I was so excited about it. BUT recently R* has become so careless of it's community it almost feels like another company entirely. As many had already or perhaps will read the recent reviews, R* has been banning players with no actual prove of them ever actually cheating/exploiting the game, I know this because I've been banned two times. The first time I must admit it might've been my fault because I left a mod on while online, THE SECOND TIME however started right after the first ban was concluded (A little lecture here, I belive there's 3 strikes, First: 1 week ban, Second: 1 month ban, Third: You're out boi) and just to clarify, the second time I was banned I didn't cheat/exploit with any of GTA Online code all I did was play a couple of stunt races because all my money was taken away after the first ban, I played around... 3 hours? About 4 hours after I shut down my PC I recive an email telling me I was banned for a month (No explanation. Just notification of ban) as many did, I put up a ticket, and as everyone else, a bot immediately answered me because I checked I was appealing to a ban, now I know GTA Online stinks with cheaters and hackers but the least R* could do is hear everyone out or atleast give our tickets a glance. Specially with the increasing number of tickets appealing to a wrongly placed ban! I just hope that after this ban I wont be banned immediately with no reson for the 3rd time. I apologize for such a long review consisting of me ranting about R* current ignorance. And also thank you if stayed through all of it. I never thought I would give a R* game a bad review, but hey here we are."
76561198069611099,Not Recommended,271590,24627300,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Goulddigger,I knew it! I knew it! The mask was gonna slip. The monster's been exposed!The real Rockstar! That greedy ole Sharkstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,33288722,Posted: 5 July,all,Frontpressure,Got sniped by hackers and then they took away single player mods.......genius!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,34090562,Posted: 7 August,all,Corrupt Outcast,"""You can’t give stuff away for free in perpetuity; there’s no business model in that. But we’re not trying to optimise the monetiziation of everything we do to the nth degree. My concern is, if you do that, the consumer knows. They might not even know that they know, but they feel it.""""Think about it anecdotally–when you paid a little too much for something, even if it was something really good, it really irks you. Paying too much for something bad is even worse. Paying too much for something really good, even if you can afford it, just leaves you with a bad feeling. We don’t want our consumers to ever feel that way.""""We are convinced that we are probably from an industry view undermonetizing on a per-user basis. There is wood to chop because I think we can do more, and we can do more without interfering with our strategy of being the most creative and our ethical approach, which is delighting consumers.We’re not going to grab the last nickel.""- Take-Two CEO Strauss Zelnick"
76561198317978128,Not Recommended,271590,26315929,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Yzy,"That said, a garbage company, quanqian run, no customer service service, serving the country's various discrimination game player, only the title, just bought 1 letter 30 days, well, I, after the release, I play to level eight, was permanently closed, after all, this is a garbage game. Really rubbish, advise everyone to be bought, Rockstar will only waste money only, this junk Rockstar people to learn blizzard.指明说吧，垃圾公司，圈钱就跑，没有任何售后服务，歧视国服玩家，各种而已封号，刚刚买来1级封了30天，好，我等，解封后，我玩到八级，被永久封了，说白了，这就是一个垃圾游戏。真的非常垃圾，劝大家都被买，垃圾rockstar只会圈钱而已，这个垃圾rockstar，学学人家暴雪吧"
,Not Recommended,271590,32460473,Posted: 15 June,all,LoneWolf,"Great game, terrible publishers. Take Two decided to kill off modding so ♥♥♥♥ this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32587099,Posted: 20 June,all,freerangechicken0,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198184688345,Recommended,271590,27509793,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,D€a†h Un†åm€d,Recommended
76561198078901355,Not Recommended,271590,34521957,Posted: 26 August,all,Torpedo Penis,"Ive put a few hours into this game, and after the first wipe of money with the gunrunning dlc rollout i understood. The message was loud and clear, Dont cheat, Dont get money in game from modders. I listened, in about 6-8 hours i played to grind up over a million to try and get some of the new vehicles, but no. Rockstar decides its going to rollout another money wipe and take away hours of work in game grinding. Will not continue to play this game as of now. Maybe when rockstar stops moderating GTAV servers i will start having fun in game again. But until then rockstar has let me down."
,Not Recommended,271590,15679609,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,not   good,"01/10 No mod support, and if you do you get banned"
76561198017037616,Not Recommended,271590,15721213,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Mico,Can't recommend this game when Rockstar is banning players for modding the game. Don't support this action
76561198085099561,Not Recommended,271590,15732935,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,NBMaritimer,Do you want my review on what I have played on a crack version or my review on the paid version that I haven't been able to play yet cause it doesn't start for one reason or another.  Rockstar seem to make good games but fail in the making it easy to load or maybe it compatibility.  Not certain cause the crack version worked great.  Maybe Rockstar should hire more hackers to work on gettting WORKING PC VERSIONS out there.
,Not Recommended,271590,15686319,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Garage Guy,"Until they put in an anti cheat detection and banned half their players, it was a fun game. 0/10 fu rockstar.."
76561198077520554,Not Recommended,271590,15678352,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Barumaru,The game lacks depth in its online capabilities- perhaps if there was anything worth while past 5 heists then maybe I'd be singing a different song. That and no mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,15702301,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,IceBadger,"Banning players for modding the game making it playable is wrong.FOV is an example, the lider in the game goes no where near what is requiered to play in first person (maxes as 75, my min is 90, prefer around 110)Support is also horrible, sent in a ticket when the game came out, had issues with the character transfer, got a single automated reply asking for the same information I had given (including irrelevant information, considering its all on their servers and has nothing to to with my system) its been several weeks with me keeping the ticket alive, and several weeks without any form of response.A pirated version of the game would be the best bet, can't be banned, and you can mod and cheat all you like.Do not purchase unless you want to be limited and locked out the second you want to fix issues on your own.Other than those issues mainly with Rockstar, here is some about the game:Singleplayer is good, funny, but also a bit confusing, there are these missions you can do where NPCs you ""hire"" can level up when you use them, but its pointless since you can only use them a few times, and if you get the poor ones to begin with they might end up dying and not be avalible at all later, or you can pick the good ones up front, but then leveling them up means nothing since they are already good and wont mess up later on, so there is no purpose of the entire system.Online is poor, its boring, its very limited and its slow. They designed it in a way so that progress is so slow you would want to buy their ingame money for real money, its like most free to play games where they allow you to earn the money slowly, or just buy it, well its balanced so poorly that you never really earn the big cash, and the money in the store is so expensive its not worth it either because the in game items are also super expensive, max you can buy is 8 million, this costs $100, a plane costs 2 million, or $25 of real cash... yeah.There is very little to do, there are supposed to be things like armored trucks, different kinds of vehicle targets to destroy, but they rarely if ever spawn, I have only seen a single of these events and have around 80 hours of online play time, deathmatches suck, they are unbalanced and end up as a sniper war because most of the time you are in large open areas. Races are ok, but usually end up as destruction derby, very few races have no collision turned on. All other game modes are impossible to play because there are no players wanting to play them.Heists are silly, you dont really do anything when it comes to planning, its just like the normal missions you do, but you do them in order, most of the setup missions you do before the proper heist are boring, mainly driving around, and after you get an armored/bulletproof car from the first heist you can use that and nothing kan kill you from this point on, the actuall heists are cool, but sometimes you are limited to stupid decicions when it comes to the planning that you can not do anything about, like having some silly bikes as an escape vehicle, we all know thats a bad idea trying to run from a 4-5 star wanted level on bikes...The open world has little going on, no animals like in SP, no random NPC events, the random events that happen are way to rare, if someone in an armored car rolls up starting to attack you and you blow them up, you are the one who gets punished by having to pay to replace their car (this can be over 16 000 ingame cash, thats $0,2 of real money for each one you blow up)Its missing the online stock market, its been missing since launch on console, its in the menus but fails to load.Overall, if you dont want to modify the game in any way, and really only want to play single player then its fine, but if you want to change anything at all or thought you could have fun and have a steady and fair progression online, then probably not."
,Not Recommended,271590,15680732,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SPYderman,Bans people for using mods in singleplayer
,Not Recommended,271590,15696625,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Tahajin,"The Fall from GraceWhat's truly upsetting about the tale of Grand Theft Auto V is that, if you had approached me a solid week ago regarding my opinion on the game, I would have been radiant and besides myself in a ecstatic delirium.For one, the delays were clearly intended for optimization as, even with all of the settings and anti-aliasing modifiers cranked to their maximum potential, the game runs like a dream and infinitely better than GTA IV did at launch (and still does to this day). The story, while marginally trite, is still tolerable at the worst of points and the gameplay itself is definitely a plesant salty wafer to even the palate from Saints Row's quadruple-decker wedding cake with sprinkles and your choice of ice cream. 'Course, that was all before this week, particularly today.You see, recent updates seem to have taken several chunks out of the marvelous game optimization (and it's a shame that I have to ascribe a descriptor like 'marvelous' to competent porting since it's so rare nowadays, but I digress) and, well, I suppose there's only so long I can beat around the bush before the trunk of the elephant in the room starts trumpeting too loud to ignore: bans from single and multiplayer on the grounds of modification.Now, let's clear things up. If you're modding GTA V to invoke impervious vehicles or character invincibility on the multiplayer side, then you should expect the ban coming to you (especially those utilizing the money cheat in multiplayer when Rockstar has prepaid cards for the express purpose of adding more money to the MP experience, which is probably what tipped off Rockstar in the first place - you don't stand between a company and lucrativity without anticipating some severe blowback and possibly an agitated batallion).However, Rockstar has been very indiscriminent with who finds themselves beneath the shadow of the banhammer. For example if you, like me, was using the FOV slider mod because the low field of vision and lack of slider in the main options was offending your eyes - especially if that usage was restricted to the singleplayer experience - then you shouldn't be the grouped together with the example cited earlier and punished equally. One is a genuine offense. The other is the linchpin of PC gaming: longevity mods; or modifications that keep the game from putrefying. The latter are honest community efforts to enliven and imbue a game with its full potential and keep it consistently fresh.These mods range from quality of life changes like an FOV slider to silly nonsense like flying around as a pigeon with a live grenade (which was something I'll only be able to see in videos on YouTube prior to this carpetbombing). So long as antics like that are restricted to the singleplayer portion of the game, no discipinary action should be incurred whatsoever...but that's what we have here. We have sweeping account lain bare and banned, some potentially with an air of permanence, due to the actions of a few. That's just bad business, though I fear it may have something to do with the Rockstar Club. Now that it's Always Online, it'd probably take a few more months of code to differentiate whether someone's in the singleplayer mode or connected to the multiplayer component. Or hey, it might be as simple as setting a netcode switch.As of writing, I have been summarily banned from both GTA Online and GTA V Offline, unable to boot the game before being terminated mid-loading screen. I've yet to hear back from Rockstar in regards to a timetable, though I've heard the average allotment is two to three weeks and permanent bans are withheld for instances of multiple infractions - one of such being adding honest, wholesome functionality to the part of the game that affects no one and cannot be classified as cheating. I'd like to extend a hand of condolence to the modding communities placing the final if statements on their modifications since this fantastic game just wrote its death sentence by rebuking your support.Bottom line? I cannot play my $60 game because of nonsense and, until Rockstar gets back to my ticket, there are other things I can use these 67 GB for; like my forays into Similink work, or copious amounts of porn."
,Not Recommended,271590,15705515,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,.Sᴜᴘ ♨,"Good game, fun, involving and works well even on older systems but cannot recommend because of prohibition of mods by developer. For 60€ I expect to be able to use the game to full potential."
,Not Recommended,271590,22186483,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,123,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀GTA Online Bans▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561197970524016,Not Recommended,271590,34981709,Posted: 15 September,all,darkdrow_1,"Don't bother.  If you play legit, 2K will steal your money.  If you guy game cash with real money... 2K will take it back, accusing you of hacking money.  If you make a sandwich, 2K will accuse you of hacking the game and stealing money...and take it out of your account.Legit.. cheating.. it doesn't matter.. you are a cheater and they are going to take your money.  Oh, by the way... have you seen they have a sale on in game money?This was a fun game.. now it is not worth the work.  Good job ♥♥♥♥ing the game 2K.  I am done with any future game you make.  Consider yourself boycotted.  ♥♥♥♥ 2K."
,Not Recommended,271590,17666615,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BOBBY B,"Tabbed to reply to a Steam message. Kicked from private, invite-only multiplayer for being idle. Put into a public game. Blown up five times before I can go back to singleplayer, to set up a private multiplayer game, because you can't do that from a public lobby.4/10 multiplayer, 8/10 singleplayer, 6/10 overall."
76561198340774171,Not Recommended,271590,34366897,Posted: 19 August,all,kangill12,"This game has always promoted creativity and freedom for its users. But with these bans on mods, severly damages the soul of the game. I have been a long time admirer of this game since the beginning. Sadly, this will be the last game that I ever bought from rockstar."
76561198273909684,Not Recommended,271590,32483098,Posted: 16 June,all,alibrown987,Open iv
76561198129986136,Not Recommended,271590,34829468,Posted: 8 September,all,Tom Brady,"Didn't cheat, got banned.¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561198027662995,Not Recommended,271590,34892564,Posted: 11 September,all,Kabraxis,Dont buy it!Cheat is legal in this game...every player have war machines and cant challange with cheaters.this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!NEVER BUY İT!!!---------------------------------------------------------------Hilecilerinden saçmalıklarından gına geldi artı tüm yönlerini yok ediyor oyunun.SAKIN SATIN ALMAYIN OYUNU DÜZELTMEDİKLERİ SÜRECE!!!Hilecileri banlamıyorlar hatta gayet serbest.Saçma sapan saatlerce topladığınız mallarınız 3 5 tane salak tarafından patlatılıyor kolayca kapışma durumu söz konusu değil.
76561198091121736,Not Recommended,271590,35117199,Posted: 21 September,all,J_A_R,Stole my money even though I bought shark cards
76561198124183865,Not Recommended,271590,35177718,Posted: 24 September,all,groundchopper360,"Fix hackers, they make me want to kill myself."
76561197998909974,Not Recommended,271590,35047498,Posted: 18 September,all,HunteRetnuH,"Loading simulator 2013. 4 years to optimise the game, and even with a beasty PC (and an SSD drive mind you) it takes ages to load, and it just loops on the loading screen.Come on Rockstar, you greed kunts, with all that money you are making on Shark cards you should maybe spend some on optimisation.The game is good fun online but with the cost of the game and the fact that you have to pay so much for shark cards means you have higher expectations on how the game is maintained (by way of controlling the modders) and efficient loading times. So yes, it's a negative review and is not acceptable considering the money they have made from this and the amount of time it has been out."
,Not Recommended,271590,35000167,Posted: 16 September,all,Lustrum,online cashgrab garbage
,Not Recommended,271590,16371458,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GoldSaw,"Nice ""Sale"" you have there."
,Recommended,271590,15371384,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Unpractical,"So let's get this out of the way. At launch there are unresolved bugs, and issues with the game. I as of my 13 hours of playing the game so far, have experienced about 3 to 4 crashes, each time being pretty awful. Also, make sure you upgrade your ram. I have 8gb of 1600mhz corsair, and I had chrome open in the background and this was causing my game to stutter.That aside I find the world of Los Angeles simulator to be very fun to explore. Being a resident of the area makes it even better. I especially love the Santa Monica pier in this game. I was able to accurately point out places on the pier before I saw them, and they were actually there! Like the taco bell and pizza hut being one of the first things you see before going on the roller coaster or ferris wheel.Running the game using Gefore Experience optimal settings with a gtx970, the game ran very well at 1080p with most of the settings being at very high. Smooth beautiful gameplay, and I would say if you aren't being harassed by problems of launching then this is a very good port. Obviously more patches will indeed be put out, because rockstar seems to care about their updates, and I'm hopeful that all the issues will be addressed for an enjoyable experience."
76561198060400359,Not Recommended,271590,32902154,Posted: 27 June,all,Day Man!,RIP Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15733094,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Itaros,"EULA has changed after release towards total dictate. Waste of money. Don't buy. Thank god it doesn't force you to commit suicide or to have direct access to your credit card at least, but no doubt those will happen for GTA 6."
,Recommended,271590,30149637,Posted: 24 February,all,CircumSamurai,"Grand Theft Auto 5 is GTA 5. You probably already know everything you need/want to know about it, since believe it or not the game is starting to get a little old. While not everyone may agree with me, I believe that its age is starting to show, along with other issues. But other than that, it's GTA. It's the newest, pretty much best GTA, & you probably already like it, or already don't. This'll be pretty long, so TL;DR at the bottom.In terms of performance & PC port, it is decently done. Truth be told it could be better, maybe even a lot better. But what we got is passable. The game is pretty well optimized even for my older laptop PC. There are a lot of options to choose & mess around with. They even included one of the best things that an open world game on PC can have: Custom Radio Station. MGSV had the same thing. You can put .MP3 files into one of the games folders, allowing you to listen to everything that you could pirate off of youtube in-game. This feature is great, & adds hours of more music to the game, even when the normal radio stations are already pretty good.That said, I'll start with singleplayer. In this game you play as 3 different characters for singleplayer, opposed to the usual one. It's a novel idea, but I feel that it stretches the story a little too thin for an overall less satisfying story experience. I loved the story & characters of GTA IV. The story & characters of GTA V didn't hold my attention as much. Despite the overall story & characters feeling a bit bland & lackluster to me, the singleplayer itself is long with plenty of diverse content. If you buy GTA V for completely singelplayer reasons, you'll probably be satisfied & have plenty of fun messing around in San Andreas.Then comes GTA Online, which is pretty much the other half of the game. You play the usual GTA stuff, but this time with your own create-a-character, & with lots of other players running about the city and mountains with you. Rockstar games have had open world multiplayers for a while now, with GTA IV & even Red Dead Redemption having them. This iteration of GTA Online takes a lot from those & amps it up. In GTA 5's Online mode there are much clearer goals, along with more content in general. Rockstar does a pretty decent job with a lot of Online. Players who grief a lot get forced to play with other griefers. Options for non-violent players. Random server challenges & missions that everyone on the server can join in one way or another. Overall, Online is a great way to rack up more hours on GTA V & is even better when you have friends to play it with. The cost vs. earning balance in Online kind of sucks but as long as you have a group of friends, gaining money won't be too long or hard.However, much of the game is far from perfect. GTA V is an extremely well off game that made a whole lot of money for Rockstar, so please understand me when I point out issues I have ran into while playing this game:PC PORT ISSUES:-Despite the myriad of options we have, we don't have any tooltips. An option such as ""Allow independent cameras"" may sound vague, & the only way to know what it does is to look it up. Why don't we have tool-tips to tell us what certain options do?-Many seemingly small changes in options require a restart to the game after being changed. It doesn't sound too bad, but if you want to test something or just adjust something once, then it will require a nice long trip through loading city. (Especially if you're changing options in Online mode)-The mouse + keyboard controls for the most part are decent, but have some strange choices for default. Caps-Lock being bound to anything in a video-game is a no-no for me, especially when there is in-game chat. For the most part, odd choices like Caps-Lock can be rebound. But for some things that use it, like the map screen, I couldn't seem to find the option to rebind it. Meaning I'm stuck using Caps-Lock to do some things on my map. Aside from Caps-Lock, there are just some general issues with re-binding.SINGLEPLAYER: My biggest issue is that I don't care for a lot of the characters & story, at least not as much as I did for GTA 4. There are occasional bugs, & the overall slight ageing of the game (At least on PC) shows through some cracks. But other than that, singleplayer is mostly fine.ONLINE ISSUES:-A decent connection (Anything above lagginess & floatiness from NPCs & other players) is a rarity. Maybe it has to do with a lot of international players, but then maybe you'd think the game would pair you with people in your region?-The menus are clunky. This issue wasn't too bad in singleplayer, as there was a pause feature, a slow down time feature, & there wasn't the ever present threat of an angry player looking for someone to blow up. Menus are very un-optimized for use, meaning that a lot of things are either hidden under 50 layers of menus, or are just mixed into a giant list on one menu. You will be doing a lot of clicking & scrolling, even during combat, as the weapon wheel is disabled when in a vehicle.-This would be ok once you get used to it, but even the menus bug out. Occasionally options won't show, the menu itself will go blank, it might close out randomly, etc. It really is a disappointment how dumpy a lot of the menus in GTA Online are.-There are also other bugs... The gun store bugs out, missions bug out, objectives bug out, lobbies & parties bug out, your weapons will bug-out, your equipment will bug out, your animations will bug out. There are a lot of occasional bugs.-And this is all without talking about the dreaded hit or miss anti-cheat system... I haven't had any issues with false flagging or whatever with the anti-cheat. But I have to admit, having the threat of losing dozens upon hundreds of hours of progress is scary to me, & it greatly reduced my want of buying this game again on PC. (I had gotten to level 40 & made a few million on PS3)-Maybe it's because I don't like to keep dozens of programs running that might cause false-flags. Maybe it's because I only occasionally run into hackers. Or maybe it's because the majority of the negative reviews are just butt-hurt hackers that got caught & are lying...-Either way it's a somewhat scary precedent that I wish Rockstar would do something more about. You are going to run into 1 or 2 hackers a day at least. Most of the time they might just be quiet, sticking to themselves, giving money & guns to their friends. But other times you get people delibrately blowing up everyone on the server, spawning things, giving you unwanted items (Either trying to be nice or to try & get you banned). The so called ""false-flagging"" that is causing this game to currently have MIXED reviews could just be a majority of players who thought they could sneak in a couple million hacked dollars. But even if false-flagging isn't an issue, hackers themselves are. They break the already somewhat unstable balance that the multiplayer has. They can ruin the players experience by either basically winning the entire game for them with one little transfer of 10 million dollars, or they can ruin the players experience by griefing them while they're trying to mind their own buiseness. Overall, Online has a lot of problems that go alongside the otherwise fun multiplayer experience.TL;DR:Since it's already very late in GTA V's life-cycle, it's pretty likely that a lot of the unbalances, bugs, etc. won't get fixed. While each individual issue is only a cause for minor frustration, not game breaking-ness, the multitude of bugs & poor design choices lead to somewhat of a ""death by a thousand paper cuts."" The game is still fun, and probably worth buying, it's just a shame that it has such an amount of issues that really start tiring the player out over time. If you can look past the issues (Especially since the majority of them are Online) then you will more than likely enjoy GTA V."
,Recommended,271590,15356365,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,crisski,it's....amazing...
76561198032896241,Not Recommended,271590,32624984,Posted: 21 June,all,R3N3M,Corporate♥♥♥♥♥♥waving.
,Not Recommended,271590,32633828,Posted: 21 June,all,Epix Teddy,Take2... more like take 2 minutes to go ♥♥♥♥ your self. hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,271590,20654108,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Br3akn3ck,"Grand Theft Auto V, an absolutely brilliant game that can be enjoyed for countless hundreds of hours without ever running out of fun to do. You can seriously just crash your car and it will be enjoyable.GTA V has a lots of ups and a few downs which i am going to quickly go over for anyone who decides to read this review.Pros:- Heists Are Amazing- GTA Online is one of the best ways to play with friends if you and them have GTA Online.- Great Graphics. Very detailed and very beautiful- Races and other gamemodes are fun to play, whether it be with friends or without- Story Mode is fun, but you dont have to play it if you dont want to.- The Apartments are luxurious and beautiful, i could spend the entire day in one if i really wanted to.- Cars are fun and customising them is even better- Lowriders are amazingCons:- Loading Screens. This games perhaps has the longest loading screens, unless you have good internet and a good ssdEDIT: RIP HACKERS :)Miscellaneous:- Only 5 Hiests. Something i want Rockstar to do is to add more Heists, they have said it is hard to make heists and all but hopefully in the future we might get another 2-5 heists but thats just me.Pros/Cons Overall Rating: 9.5/10My Overall Rating: 10/10This game is definitely worth buying."
76561198108334637,Not Recommended,271590,32682533,Posted: 23 June,all,MaxGon5 #RIPChester,Very nice. This isnt about the game or the people who spent 60$ on this game. (60$ is a lot of ♥♥♥♥ing money) And people buy shark cards every day to get some bonuses in GTA Online. This game could have been great. The way the developers treat the people who supported and gave money to them is just purely insane. They treat us like♥♥♥♥♥♥ They are just a bunch of money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥s. This is sad...its very sad bcs GTA Online could have been good...but for the money you get its not worth it. I played GTA Online for 1 week every day for several hours after school so I can buy one ♥♥♥♥ing car. And by removing mods from GTA 5...you just destroyed the whole game. Its like forcing someone to love you. You are very pathetic...
,Not Recommended,271590,32700184,Posted: 23 June,all,Skyler Mews,"I've had this gamr for a while now. Was a lot of fun. I was happy until I kept getting banned from ultiplayer for not even doing anything! I had no mods, no texture mods, or anything of the sorts. I was banned 2 times before they banned me forever. Now, I'm not even sure if I'd re-buy it just to play since it seems I would be banned right away again. This game used to be the most fun for me, but now just depresses me seeing it in my library. Congratulations, Rockstar, you managed to make one of the best games, the worst in a nanosecond."
76561198053795020,Recommended,271590,15363836,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ThaauzeN,20/10 why gta 5 is the best1 The graphics2 The map3 Multiplayer4 Invest money in storymode5 do activites :D
,Not Recommended,271590,16421467,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,|TAW| Humans are Weak,"Shady business practice, rising base price just before summer sale so its the same price as before even though it says GTAV -25% . Additionally, by pairing the Ingame-Dollars with the game (bundle) you can not get a refund for it. As it is cheaper than the game on itself, unaware players will buy the bundle and not be able to get a refund. Thats just a no go."
76561198032887083,Not Recommended,271590,16410990,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Merlin,Consider this your warning.
76561197980572209,Not Recommended,271590,16548548,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MadMinstrel,"Bumping the price before the sale, adding pretend-money DLC to get out of refunds. Deplorable."
,Not Recommended,271590,29947566,Posted: 15 February,all,Quinno,- Hacker teleports you to somewhere you don't want to be.- Hacker spawns in 1000000 metric tons of items.- GTA V crashes- RepeatIf there is more than 1 person in your lobby you're proberly playing with a hacker.
,Not Recommended,271590,33320902,Posted: 6 July,all,*Riki|Ru* //Sleeping,"A game that could be so, so good.How do i start this, I started playing GTA V when it was just realesed, i never cheated, or modded anything, local nor on GTA Online, then i join a lobby with a cheater, dropping money on all players in this lobby, ending up with around 100 + mil, i contact rockstar support about this and got an answer there is nothing that can be done.A few weeks later, i get banned, everything removed and reset, even the shark cards i bought, and the bonus of money i got when buying the game, all gone.I end up playing again after being unbanned, just to find myself in the largest deathmatch, free-roamgame where all cheaters are teleporting, exploding, shooting, and humping everyone.So i start to mod in GTA Online, to stand a chanse of playing a game i payed for, but with no luck, banned 2 more times and everything removed, got around 20k $ on my account right now.So, moral of the story?I was a legit player = Got ♥♥♥♥ed.I turned and modded myself money = Got ♥♥♥♥edTurned to rockstar for help = Got ♥♥♥♥ed.Payed 60 $ for this game on realese = Worst 60 $ i spent in my life = Got ♥♥♥♥ed.Over and out.Never playing this again."
,Recommended,271590,15454727,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,I love play with Squad
76561198045348196,Recommended,271590,26186441,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Liam_Neeson,"I personally like GTA 5 a lot.  I would highly recomend this game.  I dont know why there are so many dislikes on this game.  Maybe the online experience with other players is the negatives on this game.  Im not really sure because I dont play this online with other people.  Single player only.  This game DOES work for me on windows 10.  I know that is a big question for a lot of people out there.  It however does work for me though.  For any users out there who would like to know what kind of specifications you need to run this game, I can give you mine. I have an ASUS ROG (My specifications for my pc is a windows 10 64 bit, Intel i7-4720 at 2.6 GHz with 16 GB RAM, Nividia GeForce Graphics 960M. ) You may have to change some of the in game graphics and advanced graphics to run this game smoothly.  I did some minor adjusting and got it to work pretty great by following some youtubers out there and pysically showing you how to adjust graphics such as thisguy....(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmrWXnmOpcM)This isnt the exact video I used but it is very similar. Great game!  I actually own this on the xbox but I enjoy playing it on the pc a lot more. Great purchase."
76561198050234973,Not Recommended,271590,32809778,Posted: 26 June,all,Mr_Mulraney,take two messed up real bad..
76561198105490201,Not Recommended,271590,28652634,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Agente 46,Simply explained (In my opinion):Single player: 9/10Graphics and performance: 9/10Multiplayer: 0.5/10
,Not Recommended,271590,30091763,Posted: 21 February,all,Joyeuse,"I also got banned from online for literally no reason, and they even deleted my online character (was about level 60), and wiped my single player campaign, ostensibly as a hilarious joke that only Rockstar is in on. No reason was given in the automated e-mail, so I tried contacting them through e-mail, forum, and twitter with no response. Called their support line (and was very cordial) to have them repeat the same generic response in the e-mail and then say ""since we can not help you further with your account we are ending this call"" and hang up on me. Tried calling again with the same result. The support reps sounded ashamed when giving me the line before hanging up, and I honestly hope their call center gets a contract in the future with a company that respects its customers.I empathize that it's difficult to manage an online community and some automation needs to be put in place to keep expenses down. However, there's no system to appeal false positives, and it's very apparent that I'm not the only person this has happened to when you search the issue (of course, you also find plenty of people who obviously did deserve a ban, but this seems to be due to the lack of transparency in why someone earned their ban).If you only plan to play single player, the game is pretty good. The online is a mess in a lot of ways: a really poor GUI, absurd loading times, missions that clearly weren't playtested, and so on; but once you get past modders teleporting you into the ocean, adolescents frolicking about in godmode, and wizards magically transforming you into inanimate objects (forcing you to restart the game), there's a certain charm to it that apparently lasts all the way up until you're mysteriously banned and Rockstar goes scorched earth on your entire game for no reason."
,Not Recommended,271590,30085089,Posted: 21 February,all,Mine,"So I bought the game recently, played online like any normal person, logged on later in weekend to find I have been banned for a month. But not only this my character is also going to be reset which is just a prank.Tryed to get information on what I could have possibly done wrong to deserve this ban, but all I have gotten is the default bot message on the rockstar support website which is in face about as helpful as a fork eating soup, I would honestly say you would get better responses talking to a wall. And when I try to get around this default bot to a actual human, the person just shoves me back to the bot and I am back raging at a sensless stupid bot which has the same reply which just does not help.I thought to try contact Rockstar support through another method, but there is only pretty much three ways to contact them, On there website, on phone and also on twitter, on phone is just a repetition of the bot, as the person can literlally do nothing to help. And when you try twitter and mention a 'ban' the just seem to ignore your tweet, which is very helpful.So to sum it up the Rockstar Support is as useful as a headless chicken, and they seem to give out bans for practically no reason to people who have do nothing wrong. Thought people who normally post these were just prankerz, but now the I have realised its not April 1st...."
,Not Recommended,271590,33163406,Posted: 2 July,all,Whiro,"Love this game, Love rockstar, Hate Take 2. I need not say more, just look at all the other comments, They'll fill you in on the story."
,Not Recommended,271590,30095459,Posted: 22 February,all,FULLPLAY,"So bought this game on Monday played 7 hours of online reached lvl 10 with 120K  and i was suspended for absolutely no reason, i haven't even killed a real player,no mods,no cheats,no grief...so bs"
,Not Recommended,271590,32650981,Posted: 22 June,all,WooTs,GTA Online is filled with nothing but modders and cheaters
,Not Recommended,271590,26303083,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,pigalex,I got ban for not oing eneything what a♥♥♥♥♥♥house. do not buy this game you will get ban fast even if you are not moddeing lol.
,Not Recommended,271590,33057799,Posted: 30 June,all,TheBigFinger,"Little Disclaimer:  I probably have around 900 hours in the game when you count the time I had in the Xbox One version of the game so if you think my small amount of playtime on the pc version nullifies my complaintsMultiplayer is fun if you are willing to either spend hundreds of hours grinding for 1 thing or fork up hundreds of dollars in microtransactions (this is a game where hackers are actually quite nice sometimes as they can drop you money and save you many hours or hundreds of dollars). Plagued with extremely long waiting times that happen quite often. Friends are also highly reccomendedSingleplayer is very fun and requires no microtransactions. Only annoying thing about it is that you dont really get any meaningful amounts of money until the very last level (little tip, dont do the stock market quests until you beat the game or you'll be screwing yourself, except of course the one that you have to do thats part of the main story, also look up a guide on them)Final Thoughts: Game is very fun just isnt worth the full $60 or even the full $30 if on sale do to the almost need to spend money to do much of anything in multiplayer in any of the new dlc (the new dlc seems like a lot of fun but is too expensive to be able to anything in)"
76561198034386268,Not Recommended,271590,32840071,Posted: 26 June,all,Newbie,"Whats the point? New updates are just reskin of old products, take-two and rockstar don't want to let us have fun in Singleplayers anyways. So why bother. Don't come back to GTA again."
76561197985869952,Not Recommended,271590,32901896,Posted: 27 June,all,Neo,They only removed Open IV so more people would go back to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online and hopefully purchase shark cards. Talk about shooting yourself in the foot
,Recommended,271590,31583029,Posted: 6 May,all,DJ Red Rad,"I really like this game, been of fan of the gta franchise ever since I was kid, I played GTA II and all the way up to GTA V, when it comes to the gameplay and graphics this is surely the best one. I love the online feature it's really fun and interesting, the new updates are awesome and make it even better, but when it comes to the overall Story, GTA V was a let down, I wish there was more gang missions like San Andreas. Some missions just felt odd and the story surely could of used more polishing, perhaps a better plot, sure the story mode has it's good moments, but compared to the other GTA titles the story for GTA V wasn't that great as San Andreas. Where this game shines is with the multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32984531,Posted: 29 June,all,NELSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!,"Horribly grindy multiplayer with no anticheat, microtransactions out the♥♥♥♥♥ and extremely anti consumer practices by the publishers. There is no reason this almost FOUR YEAR OLD GAME needs to still be $60."
,Not Recommended,271590,32717685,Posted: 24 June,all,HaydenB,"No Mods, No GTA."
76561198017432207,Not Recommended,271590,29547139,Posted: 28 January,all,Krixus,"My account was suspended cause some cheater dropped money where i was standing. I had only been playing the game for 3 days and didn't know what was happening I was given a 30 day suspension, then once the suspension was lifted, I was playing with one of our friends and just doing missions. I was doing nothing wrong when it comes to games like that. We were literally following the game content missions. There is no point to cheat an risk being banned yet low an behold i was banned permanently for playing their game. So i call the Support number (1-866-922-8694) after a 20 to 30 mins wait finally get to talk to someone, as soon as she saw the ban she started talking over me and reading me that email they send out when banned/suspended. I'm sitting there trying to tell her just hold on, i want to talk to you. She wouldn't listen she just kept repeating the email. What does she do? She hangs up on me!We called back and requested to speak to a supervisor who was kind enough to listen to what we had to say and did apologize for the prior agents actions. She basically said she couldn't do anything to help but submit a ticket for us, in which an email would be received confirming this. An email was received but the ticket number provided and the link provided to get to the ticket were invalid. When you click the link to go to the ticket the page it brings up says ""Uh Oh. The page you requested does not exist"". In the email we received as a so called confirmation of the ticket being created said that there would be a follow up email and any replies to the original email would be added as comments to your ticket. We did add several replies after finding further information from other customer complaints. But the follow up email was never received. We did inform them, in one of the replies to the original email, that the link provided for the ticket did not work and stated the ticket didn't exist (providing the link). This was 1 week from yesterday and still no word from Rockstar Games. This is VERY POOR customer service and they seem to be scamming people out of their hard earned money.We did learn through other customers' experiences that programs such as CCleaner, Discord Voice Chat, and Active Monitoring Software could trigger being flagged as a cheater/hacker. I use the programs like CCleaner and Active Monitoring software to keep my computer clean and running up to par. Discord Voice chat is just a voice chat program used to literally just talk to friends or other gamers. We have went through the terms and conditions and the EULA, which state nothing to warn you not to use programs like this. Besides a company cannot or shouldn't be able to tell you how to operate your own personal devices in regards to your own security.What really gets under my skin with all this is the first time I was suspended I only got to play online for 3 days, then when the 30 day suspension was lifted I got to play another 3 days. Then I was  permanently banned. I didn't modify any of the game data, mod or cheat in any way. I was literally running missions back to back with a friend and we both were using Discord Voice Chat Client. Yet I was the only one that was banned. So, if you use any of these programs and play Gta Online - Be careful you may end up banned as well! We have actually looked on the BBB site on this topic against Rockstar Games there were close to 200 tickets against them for this very thing."
,Not Recommended,271590,16323814,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dankmemes,A good game by an awful company.
76561198061329816,Not Recommended,271590,16475734,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,gröFaz,"""Sharkcards""... You gotta be ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me..."
,Not Recommended,271590,24529797,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Certified Nerd,"I bought this game to play with friends, and I haven't really played a GTA game prior to this one. So don't judge me on my review too harshly.After I got the game, downloaded it, and booted it up, I wanted to get straight into online mode, as the only reason I got it was to play with friends. Before I could even play it, I had to restart my game just so I could do the tutorial level, which by the way, is un-skipable. After THAT, I was greeted by a admittedly interesting charcater creation system (kudos for that) and was finally ready to get into the game. And guess what? More tutorials. I know what I'm doing when it comes to games, and this game held my hand WAY too much. If I had a question, all I had to do was ask my friends. Honestly, out of the two hours I spent playing this game, an hour and thirty minutes were tutorials. And the funny thing is that even though I was in a tutorial, (the one where you have to get the drugs), it never tells you that your target is in a car. So I spent WAAAAAAAAY too long chasing it after I found out.Honestly, I wasn't much of a fan of the concept to begin with, being what most people would call the ""goody two-shoes"" type of guy, so that could be considered bias. The graphics are cool though. All in all, I'd give it a 6 or a 7 out of 10. But that's just me."
,Not Recommended,271590,24824983,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[Nelly] Noobus,Got banned for a week with no explanation.Wait a week.Go onlinePlay for 5 minsGet banned for a month with no explanation.Cool game
,Not Recommended,271590,29334149,Posted: 18 January,all,G1nge_UK,"Have been an avid GTA player since day one, including all the side ones like GTA London.    Had GTA V on xbox transferred to PC when bought it here also.Cant fault the game, all the extras they've added to the online game, theres loads to do even in the single player.  Theres even side games of golf, tennis, mountain biking and skydiving to name a few.The only issue you are going to have apart from their shocking server issues, and hackers/modders is trying to get your account unbanned after they wrongly ban you for whatever reason they picked as they never even tell you this either.You can be in a game suddenly have cars, planes, moneys, trees etc you get the idea drop on your head then suddenly you  have a months ban.  Nice, guilt by location, I was there so I must be guilty.Sooner or later it will happen to you, when it does, good luck.  Whilst I agree you need a system to ban the hackers/modders, blanket bans across the server room you're in doesnt quite cut it for me.  I made 300k in 5 hours before I was banned for a month.  The only other issue was I had two cars mysteriously drop from the sky onto my head before I managed to change to another server.  If you read from their forums, anything to do with bans they ignore, whether it be twitter, a ticket or the forums.  Theres no appeals process, once they decide you're banned permantely I assume you're gone for good.  I assume this transfers to earlier and later games also as I cant be arsed to check.Whilst I have enjoyed the game series for so many years, theres always something that spoils it.  Be it modder/hackers or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ customer service/game infraction rules.I cant recommend this for online gameplay with the state of play at the moment knowing full well that sooner or later with their severe system in place you could loose access to anything you have earned, bought or worked towards.  Unless of course this is a marketing ploy to make you buy Shark Cards(ingame credit boosts) to retrieve what they removed.The single player game whilst good wont keep you very long and once you've done the sotryline theres only so much more to do.  I wont be buying the next in the franchise for this to happen again, unless I read something stating they've changed the system they're using for hackers to something more fair and appealable for when they get it wrong.They're still going to mess up but not allowing it to be appealed is ridiculous.  Then again I suppose they already have my money so they obv need to cull the player numbers on the server somehow.Buy it on sale only, at least 50% off otherwise walk away.  You dont need this kind of BS in your life."
,Recommended,271590,31035092,Posted: 9 April,all,Becull,"Cheaters never win, execpt in Rockstar created games. I rate it 9/11"
76561198007977875,Not Recommended,271590,16357739,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Genesis,No
,Not Recommended,271590,33390724,Posted: 8 July,all,[LAUGHS IN GERMAN],"""Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines."" Sorry Valve but you should ehh... You should look away.Dear Rockstar Studios, I know you say this wasn't your fault but...Nah, nah ♥♥♥♥ you guys. You pinned the blame on another company, this wasn't an action Take Two just decided on independently. You can't just sit back and raise your hands like ""Wasn't us"". Fannies.The online is trash - that much is obvious - and even though you ""apologised"" it doesn't change the fact you dip♥♥♥♥♥ tried to squeeze more god damn money out of us.Oh and R.I.P Liberty City mod.Your idea of fixing things is this - Let's ♥♥♥♥ it, abuse it and kill it stone dead.Then resurrect it so we can ♥♥♥♥ it again.And again.We'll make profit off of it anyway.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32643653,Posted: 22 June,all,KEIDO,"Rockstar... why do you keep doing this??? All the point of GTA is modding, GTA got popular only because of the mods.I can't believe that you ♥♥♥♥ed up this game. LOOK WHAT YOU HAVE DONE! YOU LOST A MASSIVE PLAYER BASE AND IT DRAINS EVERYDAY!Even the online got ruined even more..."
,Not Recommended,271590,33000106,Posted: 29 June,all,Vontickle,no mods allowed. ruined their own game.. ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Not Recommended,271590,32619849,Posted: 21 June,all,Yung King Mark,"Take Two, ♥♥♥♥ you I want to play singleplayer with mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,15685013,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Coffee Bean Boy,lmao what a joke of a release. 2 years of a delay for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ haha wow.
76561198159043228,Not Recommended,271590,15721951,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sentinel,"Can't play this without Mod, I Hope R* will support the Modding community."
,Not Recommended,271590,15704535,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mainkill1,Please allow mods.
76561198048262145,Not Recommended,271590,15721257,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,StormTrooper,"Not sure where to begin with this so ill begin with a little backstory, if you havn't got time to read you may as well move on now. - Pros and cons at the bottom.I was originaly hyped for GTA V console version (360) when it came out only for online to be scaled back a few weeks no biggy we have got single player to have fun with. Fast forwad a few weeks online comes out and it's a complete mess, characters being deleted, lag for the ages only to find out that R's said they wouldnt have enough servers a month prior to release, you think someone would have thought lets install some more servers to handle the load we got a month to implement some. After weeks of frustration I gave it to my mate to play and he enjoyed the single player as much as me. As a sorry note for the bad servers R's gave out a free 500k to players which I never got so I packed up the game gave it to the same friend and only got it back two years later.GTA V PC release once again was hyped by another set of friends that GTA was coming to PC I was like great and then saw the price tag of £40. I thought to myself how is this game still the same price as it  was all those years ago sure new content was added but that was for console not PC and as far as i'm aware the story line hasn't changed, which left me with two answers, either R's just wants more money knowing people will still fork out £40 or the graphical improvments which a lot of people cant obtain as it is too much for thier PC's cost them a lot.19 Apr @ 2:15am I have finished the last hesit in order while having fun with my friends, servers are okay but we had a lot of drop outs along (severs acting up) the way but overall it was fine. Now for some reason I never got my reward for doing them in order as a leader (have filled a ticket 06/05/2015) but at the time wasnt to bothered about it because what I wanted wasnt expensive nor did I know where to go and fill a ticket. Weeks later I relise how expensive things are and that one million is a large amount of grinding time and I know how and where to file a ticket.Present day: People are getting banned for FOV fix's in singleplayer which I think is a joke. Missions as well as getting into free roam takes a long time, about 10-15% of your playing time will most likely be looking at a loading screen. Memory leaks need I say more. Armoured cars are probaly your best bet in free roam to survive the frequent brawls at city level unless your me flying in a plane collecting bounites :) AMD graphics card users seem to be having problems with the game due to the latests update. Me personaly I can last anywhere between 20 minutes too two hours before the game crashes.Ability to not mod. This is a complicated matter which R's and the community should take into consideration. Modding should be allowed since it can improve a players experiance of the game an example being Skyrim which was good on it's own but made even better my the thousands of mods to increase the gameplay and depth of the game. ""SPOILER"" Heists need to be improved, some of the missions in my opinion were lacking such as the final heist when you rob the bank. No hostage rescue or negotiations to gain more time before a swat team storms in rather than killing a few guards then getting to the door for the cops to show up. I would also want mods where I can add decals to my car or game modes like demelition derby (improvised, on the parking lot, middle island, just off the motor way) or jet death matches - if these are there please tell me.Why mods shouldnt be made: Obviously if they got onto online people with god mode are smg's that fire rockets are bound to pop up and ruin peoples fun or make missios to easy to earn cash. Therefore stopping people playing missions when a cash mod can be made. With new updates coming out for the game who knows what mods will even work properly and if they will work along side other makes or will it just crash the game who knows. Mass modding may lead to the game being broken to its very core and stopping people being able to play with eachother.ProsGreat single playerSuper graphics if your PC can run itVery easy to start having fun and messing about with your mates onlineLarge selection of missions of varying modesFree roamPlanes <3Cons£40 Is not a suitable price tag for a game released in September 17, 2013Cash shop i.e. micro transaction on top of the heavy £40Memory leaksR's sort your servers out already pleasePossibilty of no mods which can improve user experiance - my opinion3:21 am and I have college today God help me XD"
,Not Recommended,271590,15686303,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SKD-007,Worst game ever as Rockstar just stopped mod support. I bought this game for the love of mod and now ROCKSTAR not allowing it. what the point of spending so much on hardware if we cant mod the game and enjoy it fully. ?So stupid of RS to do such a thing. i regret buying. should have waited and then bought. waste of money. Online is another crap and i want to play single player with my limited internet connection. every time it activates the game whcih is sick.
,Not Recommended,271590,15721259,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Candor,"How to encourage pirating, a guide by Rockstar:Step 1: Ban people for modding your single-player game.Done!Edit: Step 2: Advertise your game on sale, by first jacking up the normal price.It may seem like petty complaints to some of you since the base game is great, but don't reward them for these practices."
,Not Recommended,271590,15729957,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheDon -INACTIVE-,"*Opens Steam**Searches online for GTA V Mods**Finds FOV Mod**Reaction:♥♥♥♥♥YEEE THIS IS EPIC YO.**Plays for like 5 minutes with the mod**Rockstar sees him playing with the mod**Rockstar: What's this? A mod? :O Nice, here have a ban.**You have been banned from GTA Online*♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,15721546,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Dreyk,Dank game.Not so dank bans.
76561197973037073,Not Recommended,271590,15721629,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ARXON,"Do not support rockstar. They took two years to release this game on PC only to now allow people to mod the game. Not only is it difficult to mod, but they are going out of their way to ban players who mod the single player version. Do not support this terrible practice on PC games."
,Not Recommended,271590,15721743,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,✪ Atill,"No SweetFX or FOV Mod?Well... I Just got banned so, ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar. :)"
,Not Recommended,271590,32737481,Posted: 24 June,all,Greg,Just nope!
,Recommended,271590,16695016,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MacMillan,Pretty much one of the best games out there to be honest...i'm not that much into GTA online thing but single player part is unquestionably awesome. I mean it took for Witcher 3 to come out to get me out of it. Also it will run pretty much on any calculator out there so if u r worried that ur brick will not be able to handle it...don't-it will. If rating is needed-from Tommen to Daenerys i will give it a Jon Snow.
,Not Recommended,271590,32963452,Posted: 28 June,all,Sebby★Alexie★97,T2 and Rockstar games don't like mods.What a huge disappointment.
76561198119507622,Not Recommended,271590,34615362,Posted: 30 August,all,WankerShim,♥♥♥♥ing rockstar took my 25million doll hairs? -10/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32782383,Posted: 25 June,all,Juan De Fuca,"Why would you take away the modding? Bad move. If you want to play the game as is, go ahead. If you want to enhance your experience with mods, go somewhere else, cause this aint no place for you."
,Not Recommended,271590,15395527,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,maplesyrupghost,Take Two is trying to kill the modding community.Take Two sucks.Don't be like Take Two.
76561198025670419,Recommended,271590,34547620,Posted: 28 August,all,WarWeasel,"There is a lot not to like here. I don't like the single player, the loading times are awful, the network for multiplayer is rubbish and the UI is crippled due to being console based. The workings of this game feel like many early access indy games with how obnoxious they are. This is enough to kill many a game.But I can't stop playing Online. Once I'm in the world there is a lot to do and see, from races to shooting people to just driving around exploring the world. The world is really great with TV shows and adverts with nice touches of humor. It is just a well thought out, well developed, detailled world to play in. If getting into the game is painful and shabby the richness of the world you enter shows how this is a high end, well made title.Defininley feel it was worth the $30 sale price. $60 feels a bit steep with all the technical problems though."
,Recommended,271590,15455007,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Toki Tori,"This game ruined my life. After traveling far across the city of Los Santos in search of a car that would help me appear more appealing to the ladies, I found a Truffade Adder sitting on the side of the road and took it as my own. I then proceeded to flaunt my newly found ride in and around the pier. Soon enough a young blonde woman (who I can only presume loved me for my car) called me over to her and offered to make my night. I believed that we were going to go out bonding at a coffee shop and talk about our feelings, but before I knew it she was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Little did I know I had been led under the influence of the earthly equivalent of a siren, known by many as a street hooker. I now have an irrational fear of fish nets, red heels, and anything pertaining to leopard print. I miss the fishing trips with my family. I miss being able to take my son to the exotic plains of Africa on a leopard hunting expedition. My life is over. I can not go on living in this way. I do not want to go on living in this way. Every day I wake up wishing I hadn't. Someone please put me out of this hell. I will do anything. Please...11/10"
,Recommended,271590,15409073,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,doug,"This game is optimized AMAZINGLY well. I can max out easily at 1080p with steady 60 FPS. I've got a 7970 6GB Ghz Edition with a 4670k. Now, I will say that ALL of my friends with AMD are running this game with absolutely no issues at all, however, my friends with NVidia are having issues. So if you're one of these kids with NVidia running around crying that the game is bad, wait until NVidia releases some proper drivers first, then see how it runs for you.10/10 MUST BUY"
76561198058200302,Not Recommended,271590,16343621,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,John Wall,Raise the price so it's the normal price (on sale). Smh
,Recommended,271590,15352940,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,MaC!,"The most amazing, complex and beautifull game ever made by any game publisher. Its really a Grand theft auto with Grandious details. ! PErfect 10/10 Game of the year."
,Not Recommended,271590,32803834,Posted: 26 June,all,MIKE NOLAN,No mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32685028,Posted: 23 June,all,King James,"I get it that you don't want mods in online mode it makes the game unfair, BUT then to ban them in story mode THERES NO ONE ELSE EVEN PLAYING WITH YOU you can't make it unfair, this game isn't fun anymore don't buy"
,Not Recommended,271590,16329864,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nyte™,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ move of adding an ingame cashcard to the bundle, thus making the game non-refundable."
,Recommended,271590,15354609,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Chief,Третий раз купил 10 из 10
76561198052363039,Not Recommended,271590,32940635,Posted: 28 June,all,Disterbed,love the game. but the banned for for 6 months and took away 4  years of progress starting from the ps3 ps4 and then pc. all cause a hacker dropped money on me and i get banned wtf. love u rockstar.F U TAKE TWO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198019728257,Not Recommended,271590,16330426,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheSpunKiller | Skjeen,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32786200,Posted: 25 June,all,Crovilo,RockStar Deduct My Money I grind for a seond time now i have no money F.. rockstar and dont buy this game no support for yall
,Not Recommended,271590,32830843,Posted: 26 June,all,DatCrazyCracker,"F**k this game and f**k rockstar, making stuff so exspensive I gotta sell my whole garage and do heists then they take away the 1.8mil I got legit"
,Not Recommended,271590,26437231,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[a fucking silencer],"Wanna play GTA5 singleplayer? Sure, go for it.Wanna play GTA:Online?WELCOME TO CHEATER HELL WHERE CHEATERS ARE ALLOWED TO ROAM FREE BECAUSE ROCKSTAR CAN'T BE BOTHERED TO DEAL WITH THEM!Honestly, I can deal with someone being a prick in freeroam (like killing you over and over for no reason or trying to destroy the cargo you're trying to buy), but NOT the cheaters! Not 15 minutes before writing this, I encountered 3 cheaters in 2 sessions already!After you finish the singleplayer, there's really nothing else to do, so you go to GTA:O, which then just RUINS the GTA5 experience because of all the goddamn cheaters!Good ♥♥♥♥ing luck if you wanna try having some fun. Until Rockstar takes some action, ANY action, play GTA: San Andreas or GTA4 instead of this ♥♥♥♥ing cheater riddled piece of cancer!"
76561198082327297,Not Recommended,271590,32914614,Posted: 27 June,all,The Architect,"The single player is nice, the Multyplayer is very not friendly for beginners, I dropped almost immidetly feeling like I bought half a game. This is only recommened if you would buy this game for single player only , or that you have a big amount of patient to deal with the really bad learning curve of the online version."
,Not Recommended,271590,33161462,Posted: 2 July,all,Dank Mars,garbage
,Not Recommended,271590,32532136,Posted: 18 June,all,Lofwyr,I don't even play this game anymore but ♥♥♥♥ R*/Take two if they remove modding from this game. It sets a bad precedent and we can not as a community allow it to happen without consequence.
,Not Recommended,271590,32582237,Posted: 19 June,all,Somatic,"Don´t mind me, i'm just jumping on the ""Open IV/rockstar ban-waggon"
,Not Recommended,271590,32968874,Posted: 28 June,all,VexedCoconut,"Don't bother buying this game. Seriously, Don't."
,Recommended,271590,15354215,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Rhyzak x Revy,10/10Perfectly optimized for PC. Well worth the wait and well worth the full price.
,Not Recommended,271590,32581351,Posted: 19 June,all,TheFluffyOne,fk the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at take two
76561198091074301,Not Recommended,271590,33153703,Posted: 2 July,all,LazyBonesGamer,"Don't buy this game even on sale, unless you've never played the single player. The online is just a cash grab by Rockstar, making earning money a grind and trying to force you into buying their shark cards. It's filled with hackers that ruin the game and Rockstar have done vitrually nothing about it. Their recent take down of the OpenIV as an attempt to fix the online shows how little they care because OpenIV disables the online when people use it so doesn't contribute to the amount of hackers in the online. And to top it all off, I log in today to receive a message saying $1.3 million has been taken from my account leaving me with $20k. This is complete BS because I have never gotten modded money from a hacker and now I'm left with nothing after spending hours playing their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to try and get money.Don't bother wasting your time and money with this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32582195,Posted: 19 June,all,pickypikachu,Freemium garbage and a company that values money over their customers. Killing the modding community was a big mistake.
76561198128291810,Not Recommended,271590,32805243,Posted: 26 June,all,ุ,buy saints row
,Not Recommended,271590,32612408,Posted: 21 June,all,Ardez,Gamer Solidarity.
76561197968350867,Recommended,271590,31314080,Posted: 23 April,all,kapakitty,"i've played this for many years on my other consoles and i find this game absolutely amazing. if you're up for a game with awesome graphics and gameplay, this is the game to buy. it includes extremely fun single and multiplayer modes with various things to do in the game. it is worth 100% of your money. i would recommend to do some of the campaign and get used to the games mechanics and textures. choosing your character for GTA Online is one of the best and coolest things available in the game. you can customize your character in extreme depth. from head to toe you can design your character with clothes and accessories and weapons. if you would like to play with me online message me on steam anytime. pls make sure you have discord!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32675944,Posted: 23 June,all,toby,Take Two have really ruined the game for most people due to the Open IV situation. Modding completely removed... They didn't think about all the players that play singleplayer with the mods. Without these mods the game is dead.I worked hard for lvl 178 and had almost $7 million all for nothing. I got banned for 30 days because a modder dropped cash  on me. After the 30 day ban was up my whole account got wiped and i had to start fresh. They need to revert back to the gta with mods otherwise the community will die.
,Not Recommended,271590,32533606,Posted: 18 June,all,BullDoser - ref.opskins.com/SH7Y,No mods? Ok. No recommendation.
,Not Recommended,271590,23860132,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DimasRMDO,"THIS IS AN UPDATED REVIEW, I USED TO RECOMMEND THIS GAME!Okay, I do recommend this game ONLY for the single player. Graphic is awesome, they took their time creating the PC version. Story is a bit predictable, but the endings can be hard because you'll be given a hard choice (multiple endings, you either lost a guy or try to save him).Why I don't recommend this game? Hackers, they're literally EVERYWHERE, so many that it's hard to find a pure session, you're lucky if you can find one. Multiplayer is fun when played with friends (you know you can trust them), multiplayer should be played in private session where nobody can join (just hacker things). Rockstar NEEDS to fix the server issue, it's getting worse and worse everytime, they need to sort out the hackers....PLUS, this is the worst stuff....You cannot mod in this game anymore! Which is suck.... Don't like modding? Not a big deal then, but for vast majority of us? It is!Edit:Well modding is possible again, I'd still give this a thumb down nonetheless, too many issues in multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,271590,24381499,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,carhack,"After the insane ammount of money you have to spend to actually experience the updates, well, you do experience them by being destroyed by people with overpowered vehicles, I didn't think I could be any more mad at Rockstar.But they somehow did it. I never thought they would be dumb enough to ban singleplayer mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,33017607,Posted: 29 June,all,raubtieraugen,"Sadly this game became a caricature of itself.The story-mode (GTA V itself) is still a brilliant standalone game with a dense, vibraint open world. Though it is quite overpriced for being released in 2013 (consoles), respectively 2015 (PC).As a multiplayer game though, it is a completely different experience. Especially with the Gunrunning DLC, which lead me to write this review and NOT recommending this game.GTA Online was never good with actual content. Its missions are repetive and, with the exception of heists, lack any storytelling whatsoever.Also the recent additions of more and more overpowered military vehicles destroyed GTA's very own DNA of a open-world gangster game and mutated it into a fallout-style PvP pay-to-win combat zone and playground for griefers.If you weren't into PvP combat, GTA still offered quite some fun with its quite active racing scene and its suprisingly realistic car physics. Sadly the recent changes of the physics system now ruined some of the most expensive racecars, defacto destroying your investment of time, and/or real-life money to obtain them. Guess you have to buy a new one then. ""Luckily"" there are some new ones coming out very soon :pSo, if you ask me: the game is broken. Deliberately broken to maximise Rockstar Games money intake on the expense of the people playing it."
,Not Recommended,271590,33269530,Posted: 5 July,all,William,Trash and they deserve to go under
,Not Recommended,271590,32737091,Posted: 24 June,all,Butane,Bought this game just to give it a thumbs down in support of OpenIV and the modding community.Would waste money again to thumbs down.
76561198236798612,Not Recommended,271590,23263688,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,CallMeSlob,"Modders and hackers ruin this ♥♥♥♥ing game. Step up your anti-cheat Rockstar, you lazy ♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198019907527,Not Recommended,271590,15713787,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Spell Of Sin,I won't be buying another Rockstar game ever.I bought this game for the ability to mod Singleplayer... And guess what? People are getting banned for playing SINGLEPLAYER using mods.There is various things a mod can help do.. Such as make movies and such and Rockstar is messing it up.
76561198046925210,Not Recommended,271590,15728809,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kendrick,"REVIEW PART 2: ELEKTRIK BOOGALOOSo Rockstar just went ultra shaddy on their Steam Summer Sale prices. Not only is it still $60 (With a nice little in game currency that isn't worth it at all), you cannot refund the game with this purchase. Why is that? The reason is that if you buy the game now which comes with that in game money, you now can't refund your game. Don't buy the game during the summer sale if you're not sure that your PC can run it at a state you want it to."
,Not Recommended,271590,32782435,Posted: 25 June,all,Sir Bob Ross,Take two has made their bed...  Now they have to lay in it
,Recommended,271590,30415755,Posted: 9 March,all,Howlux,"Cool story, sexy girls, sport cars, charismatic characters, favorite San Andreas, and ofc the best Online.11/10"
76561198042728423,Not Recommended,271590,15701915,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Space Mambo,stupid mod bans... 0/10
76561197981065759,Not Recommended,271590,16342952,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Don Puzur,"This game is now on the summer sale of 2015 and they added 1,2 million in-game dollars to push the price up just before the sale, slapped on a 25% discount that looks bigger but only brings the game down to like 55 euros instead of the usual 59 euros. This kind of practice should be illegal but I believe because they added the completely arbitrary in-game dollars that you can use, they can justify it if they were ever tried in a court of law.A pure cash-grab that is shameful at best. Beyond that I have really really really enjoyed this game and it might be Rockstar's greatest game yet, but this kind of sales-practice is making me give this game a negative review. I hope this will remain for all time for people to be reminded of Rockstar's actions.It is deceptive and it is surely not illegal but by something, it is silly of them."
76561198061756163,Not Recommended,271590,16343363,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dastealer,Can't recommend it after the massive shilling they did with the summer sale. It's a real shame.
76561198107198994,Not Recommended,271590,16537911,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Raz0r_,> one day before steam sale> R* raises price of GTA V from 60 to 80 dollars> put it on sale 25% off so it is back down to 60 and appears like a good deal> thinks customers are big enough idiots to fall for it> lol> 11/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed over by you mofos again> gg R*
,Not Recommended,271590,16339317,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dogname,"""Sale"""
,Recommended,271590,15460077,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ravi,Must have game.
,Not Recommended,271590,16320143,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Colin,"Made the game 80$ before sale, because with 25% off next day it would be same price. How smart.Game itself is good at first, but then hackers took over."
,Not Recommended,271590,33062514,Posted: 30 June,all,Chamo,Money grubbing company who hates modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32946791,Posted: 28 June,all,Jattenalle,Tedius grind. Player hostile company.
,Recommended,271590,15346056,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Admiral General Aladeen®,"""Sorry, your computer does not meet the minimum specifications required to run this product."" Says Can You RUN It.Ran it smoothly,Played it smoothly, I did.HAH!"
76561198041762300,Not Recommended,271590,32817849,Posted: 26 June,all,Justin,"So I recently just bought this game, only for the online since I have already beaten the story on PS3 it was fun! but now i'm on PC and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥z happens, I finally get enough cash for my Armored Kuruma I bought it had an amazing time with it until this....I got another vehicle to use for drifiting and parked my kuruma outside of the garage because I found the vehicle near the garage so I say hey lets make this a new vehicle! I wanted my kuruma for a heist setup and it was no where to be ♥♥♥♥ing seen it was gone 525k OF LEGIT FARMED ♥♥♥♥ING CASH AND AN EXTRA 100K OF FARMED CASH DOING GUNRUNNING MISSIONS it's gone just like that a beauty gone. SO I called support they told me to request a ticket so I did and I left a reply telling my story of the ""glitch"" or ""bug"" I now come online today to now see my ♥♥♥♥ing account banned for 30 days and now seeing that I will lose everything I farmed for I PLAY BORDERLANDS I KNOW HOW TO FARM WHAT MISSION IS FAST FOR CASH AND REP. Because of this knowledge and my speed running and ASKING FOR ♥♥♥♥ING SUPPORT HELP I am now banned wether it be rockstar, taketwo or some ♥♥♥♥ing idiot employee this is down right wrong. IF THERE WAS A MODDER IN MY LOBBY because when you request a ticket you gotta give msinfo and dxdiag info this means they see♥♥♥♥♥♥wether it be a lot or not they also have records and they wonder why people cheat in this game. Well this is the reason having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ support team and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cheat management team we get innocent people banned and lose everything. Because of this incident I EVEN FEEL LIKE MODDING NOW because of this and I dont want to mod its bad it honestly is it ruins everyones fun. But for this incident I think modding is needed now, because unless rockstar actually starts caring whos in the wrong and whos in the right. This game is just gonna fall and it's going to fall hard, they may have brought mods back too make the all the whiney babies happy and thats fine but when you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your own single player and than punish inncoent people online (their biggest money grab) you lose people. may it be 1 or 2 at a time but that's losing money I don't know I just feel like I wanna get my money back but I can't because I have more then 2 hours. Thanks rockstar I love GTA 5 but you make it hell same goes to you taketwo it's sad honestly what game developers have become. (edit or maybe their just salty from all the negative reviews, sorry rockstar and taketwo but this isnt a way to get good reviews back!)"
,Not Recommended,271590,16589997,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SpicyChiliLemon,"Human Nature Simulator 2015First time joining GTA Online.Raced with random guys, came secondContinue to next mission with same guys""Hey, this is pretty cool."" I thought.First mission completed, gets paid.First thing the ♥♥♥♥er does is shoot me in the face and try to get my dosh""Well, I guess some people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."" I think to myself again.Respawn, trying to get a car for missionTwo ♥♥♥♥er appears with an MG-Mounted APC, proceeds to chase around other people and killing themChat begins to fill in with russian words from people killedPauses on the side of the street to passive-mode♥♥♥♥ers rammed me with their APC and gunned me down before I can even.RespawnSame ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s chase me down and shoot me down again.Finally spawn far enough, got a car, went to Los Santos Customs, modded car with tracker.Goes out to see two APCs waiting for me with their ♥♥♥♥ing guns.Blew upEDIT:The game is fun after you get above level 10, because half the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s realize you aren't worth making fun of anymore, and should be complimented with friends, which makes it a lot better, worth all the dosh.But of course, you nerds have no friends, so I'll stick with a No.AahaHA"
,Not Recommended,271590,32682631,Posted: 23 June,all,sand-pie,sucks graphic without mod
,Not Recommended,271590,33252397,Posted: 4 July,all,Gripper O'Toole,Microtransactions: The Game
76561198252637876,Not Recommended,271590,32826911,Posted: 26 June,all,VirgateMass8992,LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS. Rockstar is awful. I bought it since it was on sale. Played it for 3 hours online. Received a ban for 30 days after doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. Sent in a ticket to rockstar and the only thing they were about to tell me was a direct copy of their banning policy. Terrible. Do not support rockstar games. Dont let them take your money.
,Recommended,271590,32914155,Posted: 27 June,all,ChaseDoes,Open IV is back stop the hate
76561198155357507,Not Recommended,271590,30892579,Posted: 1 April,all,thespookyjoeybaby cs.money,"modder doesnt get bannedd but i get banned for doing absolutly nothing, wtf rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,16322767,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Leophir,"The solo game is a masterpiece, the online part is a disgrace. Also increasing the price just before summer sales is bad practice."
76561198056783746,Not Recommended,271590,15678976,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ChrisChin,"Banning with out telling people that mods aren't allowed?Even then, mods always should be allowed"
76561198017232111,Not Recommended,271590,15727901,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,轻喷我是萌新,Playing online is very boring and rockstar banned mods from both online and offline game.Why do you hate modders so much?
,Not Recommended,271590,15720971,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Malevolent,I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TITLE.
,Not Recommended,271590,15721483,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Trevor,"UPDATED REVIEW: Cease-and-Desist letters have been sent to the devs of the modding tool OpenIV. Modding for this game is dead. As such, this game is now dead.Take2 is proving to be absolutely incompetant at delivering what the consumer wants. I advise against purchasing any future titles until they prove that they care about customer desires.UPDATE 2: ROCKSTAR IS AUTISTIC EDITIONRemoving money from accounts with ""too much."" Nevermind microtransactions allow you to purchase money, or constant grinding allows you to obtain money. I guess nobody at Rockstar thought anybody cared enough about their game to earn legitimate money.Rockstar: ♥♥♥♥ the consumer, we gotta stop those hackers!"
,Recommended,271590,15991866,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"Everyone knows the Grand Theft Auto series and the basics behind the game play so I'll skip that bit.What I will say is that this is by far the best of a game franchise that I've already been a massive fan of for years.  Instead of playing as one individual you play as three that you can (for the most part) swap between at will.  Each character has their own skills (which you can improve through use) and their own unique special skill.  For example, one of the characters is extremely good at driving and therefor when his unique ability is used it allows him to slow time and pull of incredible stunts while in a vehicle.The first person view is also an exciting addition; while using this the game actually takes on the full experience of a FPS, gun sights and all.  Though this wasn't a feature that I personally felt was needed, once I actually started playing with it I realized that it was a lot of fun and the developers did not skimp out on making it a well-rounded and entertaining experience.On a final note, I very much enjoyed the story of the game.  It had its twists and turns and I actually felt very much in-tune with the main characters.  Several times I got pumped up in real life as if I were actually there robbing a bank or pulling off some other incredible stunt.I would recommend this game to everyone who enjoys the Grand Theft Auto series and what that means.  You might want to avoid it if you're ten years old unless you have some kind of an early warning system for when your parents are coming."
76561198028914691,Not Recommended,271590,15697107,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Doinken,I just don't understand how a company can create such an awesome product but be consistently hostile to the people who buy it.
,Not Recommended,271590,15717208,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Rikev,"GTA V is an amazing game. The single-player is an engaging and incredibly detailed piece of work which had me hooked for a long time over two platforms. From first-person dashboard panels to puns and debris scattered around the city, it will impress.Unfortunately the Online mode doesn't stack up so well as seen from extended time playing it. The world feels less alive and shallow compared to single-player and suffers from a multitude of bugs that never should have made it past QA. Lobby crashes aren't uncommon, strange design and UI choices make it clumsy to use and the activities are fragmented into a string of waiting rooms with broken lobby mechanics. It doesn't even have any wildlife making the world even more empty!The game also suffers from a crime and punishment system that doesn't work. Want to shoot someone chasing you? If you hit the explosives carried in their hand you get penalised and fined for destroying their car even if it wasn't your intention. Someone coming at you in an armoured car? Surely it makes sense to blow it up this time since it's bulletproof (especially for newer players), but instead you get penalised again. The developers expect you to shoot through a tiny vision slit to defend yourself which is heavily unbalanced against someone when they are caught out in the open by player killers, giving little chance to fight back.Of particular note are the loading times. They are utterly horrendous and unacceptable in this day and age with the game commonly getting stuck on the loading screen. If you Shift+Tab to pass the time you find the game will refuse to load and silently get stuck in an infinite loop. This is especially terrible for a game two years old, what's the excuse Rockstar?And last but not least, the modding situation. Not too relevant to me as I don't use them, but there is quite some controversy surrounding the banning of players for mods in a series that was heavily modded in past incarnations. Rockstar's treatment of players has been brought into question.(UPDATE: Rockstar comment herehttp://www.rockstargames.com/newswire)Overall, if you haven't played single-player I'd pick this up. But due to the poorly performing multiplayer and bugs I won't be adding it to the recommendations list for anyone looking to go online."
,Not Recommended,271590,15388659,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,SovereignStout,"Waited months for this to come to PC. I was SO excited! Pre-ordered, Pre-Installed, Took the day off of work, unpacked files for an hour, started the game and Crash. This game has froze and crashed more times than a diabetic Elsa at a Candy factory. My custom rig specs are top of the line. I can run any game at max setting while streaming 14 youtube videos and playing league. (I dont, but just to give an example.) I tried running in safe mode with reduced graphics. Nothing. I went to Nvidia and updated all my drivers and even got the ""Special Ready for GTA5 Driver"" and while that DID fix the horrible black lines on multiplayer characters, still crashes. I even Uninstalled and reinstalled the game, still crashes. i literally cant do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥online. the sec i try to go into my apt or start a match or think about maybe starting a match, Bam! freeze and crash. you'd think that with the game having been out for 18 months and the PC version being delayed twice, the launch would'nt be anywhere NEAR this bad. buggy sure, but not unplayable. I love rockstar, always have. Their quality and level of detail is outstanding. but right now im extremely disappointed with this launch. hopefully it wont take a month to fix like it did when i first got it back on ps3 launch. Ill change this review when i can actually enjoy the product i paid $60 for TWICE."
,Not Recommended,271590,32642846,Posted: 22 June,all,[EX] Blarg227,♥♥♥♥ you take 2.This game STILL costs $60???♥♥♥♥ off.
,Not Recommended,271590,32563761,Posted: 19 June,all,WithoutanIssue,I was banned and it was my fault but i'm still angry
,Not Recommended,271590,15692744,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Deez Nux,Banning people for using mods? This is worse than what Bethesda and the false prophet Gabe pulled.
,Recommended,271590,15348329,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Ocean Blac,Very Nice. Love the solid frame rates at about 60FPS!
,Not Recommended,271590,32579349,Posted: 19 June,all,Zim,BOOO
,Recommended,271590,30521845,Posted: 15 March,all,♥ Anfield Caddie ♥,"I have to say, this game is a masterpiece, just like most of people thought.But the damn thing is, I can't accurately distinguish the reality and virtual world after I played GTAV too much...I don't know why, especially when I grab a cab...See me in jail :("
76561198122144391,Recommended,271590,25287230,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SuperMatty,"dunno what to write, i just want the achievement"
76561198054983160,Not Recommended,271590,34406837,Posted: 21 August,all,ЄVЄЯǤRЄЄͶ,This game doesn't fix anything. Rockstar support don't do anything to help the community all they does was apologise apologise apologise and then close case. Releasing DLC DLC DLC when they can't even fix minor issues. Will strongly recommend NOT to buy this broken game.
,Not Recommended,271590,30199348,Posted: 26 February,all,♉Sono,"I just got banned from gta 5 online for no reason""Your account has been suspended to 28.3.2017In addition, your GTA Online character will be reset.""RIP Lv100 CHAR, RIP MY COMPANY, RIP ALL MY CARS INCLUDING X80 PROTO"
,Not Recommended,271590,17578342,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Dom,Now the devs maybe learned...Kill the MOD´s = kill their +rep´s  :)
76561198104118762,Not Recommended,271590,15716671,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,PeaceOut,"The game itself is great, but the online experience is incredibly buggy and definitely not worth the cost of admission."
,Not Recommended,271590,15724347,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,123,"great game, but banning people for all this nonsense, much wow, get aids ♥♥♥♥star"
,Not Recommended,271590,15720911,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Delorean DMC-12,"♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar, you anti modding gestapo peaces of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,271590,30859137,Posted: 31 March,all,petskuletsku,Its worth buying.
,Not Recommended,271590,15717533,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,CodeMonkey,Unmoddable as of 6/14/2017 not worth it
76561198060750930,Not Recommended,271590,32878081,Posted: 27 June,all,Chance106,You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s better not reset my character for modding in single player! scumbag company!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32670456,Posted: 23 June,all,Twon,No mods = GG
76561198072711049,Recommended,271590,15595592,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,♋ßLUE۫۰۪♋,"I'm going to make this accurate if its worth getting or notso lets start here""this game is worth it if you got a good ping, fast internet, have patient(loading time in online is too long, probly more loading time than playing the game itself), Having friends to play with,Pros-Its fun playing with a friend-you can customized your own car-too many modes to play with. specially the heist its awesome-You can sing while taking a bath to earn some RP(LVL) in gta Online-GTA Online is Awesome!!!!-you can have s** with a hooker in your car for a small fee =))about the cons here it is:-manny players will probly kill you after you spawn. so learn how to use passive mode so no players can kill you or troll-There are cheaters in the game hope he will boost you up not killing you over and over again-Loading time in GTA Online is outrageous. its too damn long even if you install it in your SDD-few players cant even play this game even my friend cant even launch the game itself even with a high-end rig, rockstar don't even know the problem-it will take up 60-65gb in your space. so make sure to pick what game to uninstall of you dont have enough memory in your HDDIf you have friends to play with and have a stable low ping and fast internet its worth getting itif you got killed by another player everytime you spawn dont say ""This game SUCKS!!!!"" cuase probly your the one whos bad at playing this game GTA never meant to have fair fightFor me its worth getting cause i have friends and have stable internet. the only problem on my end is getting to a empty lobby when the time is 6-11pm. rockstar dont know how to fix that,THIS GAME ONLY SHINE IN ONLINE NOT IN SINGLE PLAYER SO YEAH ITS WORTH IT!!!!(IF YOU ARE TOO LAZY TO READ THIS REVIEW.... BUY IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. LOL)"
,Not Recommended,271590,34399607,Posted: 21 August,all,シャーヴィン,♥♥♥♥♥game when u banned randomly ♥♥♥♥
76561198099292628,Not Recommended,271590,32741902,Posted: 24 June,all,Atomic Bombs,Rockstar and Take Two literally shot themselves in the foot with a cannon
76561198085287442,Not Recommended,271590,32691873,Posted: 23 June,all,Blajargon,If you will ban single player mods at least give us some single player content! Would gladly pay for it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32270002,Posted: 8 June,all,Sideways,Hackers everywhere.
,Not Recommended,271590,15717564,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,fuck cockstar,Installing ONE mod = BAN (also in single player)0/10
,Not Recommended,271590,15698726,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LaserGuidedChicken,Banned for turning myself into a chicken in single-player. Bad form.. rockstar should support modding in SP and remove arbitary restrictions at lease once the story is over.
76561198036980884,Recommended,271590,27055903,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nullmage,I am writing this review to get the steam badge. Please do not waste your time reading it.Hope the badge is worth it !Be Well & Enjoy :)
,Not Recommended,271590,15709159,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Zonfire #RoadTo10kAutos,"Got banned for using SweetFX graphic mod, gg rockstar. go suck it."
76561198012132520,Not Recommended,271590,15708648,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,twitch.tv/kylbytv,"It is a great game for friends... But due to the recent stupidity of Rockstar's anti-modding decision, I do not recommend buying this, as the game will die quickly because of it.EDIT: Apparently this has always been a policy of Rockstar. However, I still don't recommend it because there is not much to do after you complete the heists. It just gets repetitive and boring."
,Recommended,271590,32911649,Posted: 27 June,all,Shihum,Man.. I love this game! I highly recommand!!
76561198313271251,Not Recommended,271590,32788871,Posted: 25 June,all,夜夜笙歌枪不倒,"tbh, gtav sucks without mods.  DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP"
,Not Recommended,271590,16032849,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Starsandstripe™,Can not recommend this game for the online part. Hackers run rampant without any worry of getting banned.
,Recommended,271590,15428294,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,lemonwave,"Many people usually ask if GTA V is worth it. Well, if your pc is decent and you know for sure that your pc can handle this game, then it's definetely worth it. I started single player, thought that this is great, then I tried online before even getting 3rd character in SP and I don't want to go back to single player game anymore. I can't comment about pros and cons, but I personally think this game is worth the money to play online."
,Recommended,271590,17147410,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Vampy,"one of my fav games since GTA , 2,3,vice city, san andreas, liberty city, IV and now V. Online mode is fun with awesome ppl around. do join up with Vampire Garage Family if you want to!~"
,Recommended,271590,22484630,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,AJ,"To start off this wonderful review, id like to remind you to MAKE SURE YOURE LOGGED INTO THE CORRECT ROCKSTAR ACCOUNT IF YOURE TRANSFERRING FROM CONSOLE. Dont do what I did and have to restart my online character all over again.But to cut to the chase, Grand Theft Auto 5 is a beautiful open world 3rd/1st person shooter filled with drugs, dead hookers, robbing granny's of their cars, and even more dead hookers. GTA V is the next segment in the GTA franchise after GTA IV which could be called a great game by some, but also could be called missed potential by others. But one thing is for sure, if you're a GTA veteran or you're brand new to the series, I absolutely believe that this game with be an instant favorite/top game in your steam library.GTA V takes place in the glamorous city of Los Santos (Los Angeles if you wanna be all realistic and♥♥♥♥♥♥ a city full of life, money, dreams, crushed dreams, and happiness. you follow the story of a retired criminal, a young repo driver wanting more in life than being bossed around, and the psychotic yet loving and emotional CEO of Trevor Phillips Enterprises. Follow the odd trio as they make the city their ♥♥♥♥♥, and fill their pockets as they do so.GTA V introduces a new multiplayer experience with GTA Online, where you create your own unique criminal and shed havok on the streets, waters, and the air of Los Santos with your friends, all while being killed by a 12 year old that no lifed the game in a tank. Rise up the ranks in your crew and spend hours grinding missions for cash that you'll end up blowing out your♥♥♥♥♥in the click of a button.Pros:-Very well optimized-Hours of fun gameplay-Free add on updates oftenCons:-All I can think of is other players ♥♥♥♥♥♥ colored cars in Online.So what the hell are you still reading for? Buy the game god dammit!"
,Not Recommended,271590,16065477,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,VSZM,"BEWARE: Your GTA V progress is NOT synchronized through cloud!I just found this out the hard way after installing windows 10. I did not save my local files, as I never do since I have steam. With any other (steam) game I expected my game progress to be stored in cloud. It is 2015 after all.But oh boy have I ever been so wrong about Rockstar. After starting up the game, I saw the very first mission popping up on my screen. At first I thought it was just some sync issue, maybe I needed to load the files explicitly through Rockstar Social club or something. But no, it is confirmed that this garbage does NOT save your progress in the cloud.It does use cloud for storing your achievements, character progress and some other static data like that, but it seems that Rockstar games was so ♥♥♥♥ing cheap that they did not want to store a few megabytes of binary data per user.That's what you get- in 2015- from a game's steam release (where they could simply have used steam API for cloud storage)- for 60 ♥♥♥♥ING €So no, don't buy this game on steam if you expect this version to be better than a boxed release or any other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ digital store's release. It is the same, just more expensive compared to some other stores.This was the last time I bought a rockstar game.PS: Also shame on steam for not enforcing game developers to either implement their own cloud sync OR use steam's built in features."
,Recommended,271590,34490631,Posted: 25 August,all,☾♛ mockingjay ♛☽,"Grand Theft Auto V is very awesome plenty things to do in story mode/online. Lots of updates that makes the game even more interesting. You can play it with your friends, have your own crew fight against other crews go for a gang bang! The game is really worth 60euro I will never regret that I bought it. I rate it 9/10 Try the game for your self you will see how it's awesome!!!"
,Recommended,271590,22122903,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,UnbeknownCloudX,ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ▄▄ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ █░░█ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ █░░█ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ█░░░█ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ █░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀ ᅚᅚ▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,271590,15402208,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,"Garry ""ATTACK"" Wheels","CampaignGTA Vwhere do I start? The graphics are rather impressive even on the lowest of low settings and the highest settings are absolutely amazing. Rockstar have done quite a superb job on this Grand Theft Auto, although in my opinion it doesn't quite meet the standards of the classicGTA IV, but its very close to meeting those standards for sure, especially with the online play. The campaign in my opinion seems to lack story, it has quite a deverse amount of characters and situations but theres something about it that just isn't right. The characters are certainly interesting and unique but Niko fromGTA IVhad more of a realistic and intriguing story compared to Michael, Franklin & Trevor. In the campaign I'm yet to find a bug or glitch yet which is absoutely grand, so good work on that Rockstar. I quite enjoyed doing the Triathlons, or playing a game of tennis with Amanda, it certainly did suck you into the atmosphere of Los Santos, something of which most games lack.OnlineAnyway, moving onto the Online play. The character creation system was quite a change from most games and certainly brought a few tears to my eyes when I saw other characters from previous games. But some of the characters you could create just seemed a bit unrealisitc and kind of...crappy. I feel like the online characters required a bit more facial hair options as well as more hair options, the character creation & styling of your character seemed a bit restrictive. It would've been cool to see maybe a muscle gain mechanic added to the game where you could go to the gym or maybe go for a bike ride or a run and your character is able to gain or lose weight. Talking about customisation, the vehicle customisability is amazing! There seems to be a massive amount of colours, tints, tires & a number of other options to choose from on all sorts of different vehicles whether it be a motor bike or a car. While I'm still talking about customisation I'll add a thing or two about the clothes in the game. I'm not even going to lie clothing my character up is one of my favourite things to do in any game. I was very impressed to see the diverse & vibrant amount of clothes that was avaliable. (I think I've spent at least 2-3 hours just clothes shopping.) The apartments are a very nice touch to the game as well, makes it more atomspheric and calm, would be cool if there was a party option where you could invite a bunch of your mates over and just get wasted & just so ♥♥♥♥ed up. Anyway, last but not least the missions in GTA V Online...most missions are quite nice and balanced surprisingly, the heists are by far the best missions to do, it would be nice to see more heists added eventually or even if Rockstar allowed the community to create their own heists that would be even cooler! The races & just general missions such as ""Meth'd up"" are quite nice, quick and enjoyable as well. The only major problem I find are annoying are very minor errors such as when doing heists and you might get stuck at a certain screen or just general server problems but it's expected so I can't really complain.TLDR;Pros+Graphics+Online play+Diverse customisability+Self Radio+Large amounts of models+Large & interesting enviroment+Cats+Heists+Gun customisation+Smooth driving controls+Suits+Beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of cats+Fantastic Soundtrack+SelfiesCons-Characters in the campaign don't have good stories-Minor server issues-Minor mission problems-Weird default flying controls-Too many characters in campaign-No Niko-No Roman-No BOWLINGBut seriously you should buy this game if you meet the recommended specs, it's worth the money."
76561198043644111,Not Recommended,271590,15708116,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Squeals for Meals,"Installed FoV mod, I can now see everyone getting bannedI rate 9/11"
,Recommended,271590,15373188,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,• Moayad,"fantastic, I love this game!* One of the Best Games of the Year 2015My Rating : 10/10"
76561197985322871,Not Recommended,271590,15709829,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,GreasyWeasel,Read the other (as of this time) seven thousand negative reviews.
,Not Recommended,271590,15352157,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,叶晓哀,"Best login screen slimulator, can't even go online.PC Master Race 10/10"
,Recommended,271590,18888735,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,I vape,Cool game 10/10 I love the game so most that it makes me wet <3
76561198047938301,Not Recommended,271590,15708480,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pharan,"********ONLINE REVIEW**********First, heres a note. The people that get banned are those who use mods in online play. If you mod in single player you have little chance to be banned as it does not effect everyone else in the game you are in. Those complaining about being banned are ignorant to the fact that they mess up the servers when they change their files around. This isnt minecraft.I don't recommend this game for online play currently, with the amount of modders in the game right now the servers can get laggy. Not only that, lots of the content can't be accessed because of the community. People give up after 1 failure in a heist, which means you have to look for 3 MORE people to do the heist with again while losing all the progress you made on ur first attempt. It wouldn't be so bad if the load times weren't abysmal, but having to wait another 2 mins after some A-hole ruins ur fun and leaves is not worth the wait.I rate GTA:Online a 4/10 It's great in theory but the execution is no where close to what it should be. Maybe when they fix the game up a bit, I might recommend people play online."
,Not Recommended,271590,15707345,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kyle Penta,Banning their own community for using mods in single player. A slap in the face to all PC gamers. Ashamed and would prefer a refund now honestly...Besides that the game runs beautifully and it's a blast to play until you're banned for Fov sliders.Sad we had to wait this long for them to do this Good game Bad policies.
76561198054027748,Not Recommended,271590,15389016,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Rabiez,"It's really great, pay alot of money, wait for 2 days on the installation. Get really excited and think about what you gonna do when you finally can play.First problem, launcher wont start. Okay, look things up. Fix it, NEXT problem, the social network or whatever its called tells me that it wont find any Windows media player installed on my computer, WHEN i have it, and use it everyday for movies and music.Okay, once again, i look things up to find a cure to this curse! Then i do everything that guides, fixforums, tips/trixes tells me to do. Still wont work. I have no clue if it will be fixed, but one thing for sure, why the ♥♥♥♥ in heavens way do you need WINDOWS MEDIA PLAYER to actually play? Thats just absurd, i loved the game on console, i really wanted to play it on PC, but this just makes me really dissapointed. I know my computer is old, but i can play Titanfall without problems, and thats one hell of a game for sure. So my conclusion of this so far. NOT happy at all. If it wont come any updates soon and fix this problem, i want my money back, full refund.Over and out my fellow gamer-lads."
76561198004277406,Not Recommended,271590,15707821,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Bitter Bastard,"I don't know why you waited for GTAV on PC, but I know why I did. Rockstar's response to how we are playing a game WE payed for isn't surprising, but it is disappointing..."
,Recommended,271590,26772353,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SPECTRAL,"Great game and not as bad as people say!Well this game has a bad reputation but it really doesn't deserve it! You can learn a lot of things from this game such as about stocks and bonds, managing money and also sports as the is a big golf and tennis minigame! Bad places can easily be avoided and the violence is no worse that what is seen on the news and the language isn't as bad as what can be heard in school! It is a really fun game and a mature child should be just fine playing it as long as they are not a psycho and will know that it is a game and shops never be repeated!"
,Recommended,271590,15785363,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,★Destroyer ツ,This game is SWEEEET! <3
,Not Recommended,271590,15702038,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,DokoMaster,"I was hoping to play this with Oculus Rift/Vive and Omni, I need to mod♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it for that, and its not happening now. Thanks a lot rockstar."
,Recommended,271590,15422529,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,d4virus01,"GTA5 Is Better Than Ever On The PC. A Game That Is Fun Playing Alone, And Especially With Freinds. I Played This Game On Consil ( 360 ), And Have Seen Gameplay ( XBox1 and PS4 ), And I Still Feel Like PC Improves This Game In Visual Qaulity, The Community, Mechanics, And The Implementation Of Mods. If You Are Questioning On Wether Or Not To Get GTA5 ( Also Since It Has Been A While Since Release, However Updates And New Content Is Still Rolling Out ), Then I Suggest You Get This Game."
76561197993771575,Not Recommended,271590,19760286,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,x401,Don't buy this game it is totally destroyed by Cheater!
76561198197460875,Not Recommended,271590,28148448,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ninja07,Another one of those who got unfairly banned.When i contacted Rockstar they didnt even say why did I get banned.Terrible customer support.I don't recommend this game until they fix their anti-cheat system.Thank you Rockstar for a nice Christmas present!
,Recommended,271590,20618586,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ariana Grande 💝,"GTA IV for pc was a great game but this game expands the limitations of Grand Theft Auto First Person, a massive map to explore and fool around on I reccomend this title Best Open world game ive ever played Worth the $70"
,Recommended,271590,15480763,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Herr Gamer,"It's GTA 5 on PC, do I have to say much more?The port is for the most part very solid, even though some users seem to have crashing issues at the moment. The only thing that may keep you from buying this game may be the incredibly high Pricetag of 60€. It is a very good PC Port, and a really really good game aswell (So much so that I would consider it GOTY), it's still a lot for a 2 year old game, a new radio station, an editor, better framerate and slightly improved graphics...But, if that doesn't stop you, and you haven't yet played it, go right ahead!"
76561198107248299,Not Recommended,271590,26443420,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KyleBrod,**** your ****ing servers rockstar **** you
,Not Recommended,271590,26417350,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Absolutely Fantastic,"!!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE WINDOWS 10 PRO N!!!It ♥♥♥♥s you over even if you install the Media Pack and says this:""MFReadWrite.dll is missing. Please reinstall your game.""And if you get the .dll from another source, it just crashes and never is able to boot up.Rockstar, next time include the proper .dll in your game instead of wasting our time and money, and do a proper port."
,Recommended,271590,20070882,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,WinterExez Is Off To Army,"-First time logged into GTA online-Unknowingly get dragged into 30 minute tutorial-Race some nubs like me-Crash, burn, die, repeat-Next got to do deathmatch-one life only, wuddafck-pitted against lvl 103-get rekt-forced to find ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car-forced to spray paint ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car-finally out of tutorial-get runned over by player-repeat X999999-get shot by cops for no reason10/10 would do again"
,Recommended,271590,30714231,Posted: 24 March,all,Khan,"It is much too easy to get banned from the online aspect of this game, and the customer support is even worse than Valve/Steam's, if you can believe that.I recommend playing within INVITE-ONLY sessions with friends whom you know have completely sterile installations, and absolutely NO third-party programs running simultaneously, for everyone involved.Otherwise, it could jeopardize the $60 you spent on this game. It's worthwhile, but it's hard to enjoy it to its fullest (in fully populated servers. Y'know, like how you're supposed to in a multiplayer game).The singleplayer is phenomanal as always, however.Wait till it goes on sale, then, and only then, should you (cautiously) enter multiplayer once you've finished the singleplayer."
,Recommended,271590,15571068,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Raphire,"An amazing game on the PS3 and an absolutely EPIC game on the PC, no need to say anything else :3"
,Not Recommended,271590,16420469,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Richard Nixon,"Great game. However, they refuse to put the game on sale and instead raise the price to $90 CAD then put it on a 25% off sale bringing the price back to normal. Cheaters are everywhere online and innocent people are getting banned for using an FOV slider."
76561198086574414,Not Recommended,271590,16335644,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jon Thor,"Please note that I think the game would be great to play; however; I cannot play the game so I want a refund.It took me 48 mins to get through the Prologue. Want to know the reasons why?1. My Computer cannot play this game.2. The Graphics are not relative to my game.3. Any Game that is over 20 Gigabytes shouldn't even be a game I should be playing in the first place.---I tried refunding, bought it yesterday, however the Refund System doesn't even work. Hopefully Valve fixes this, with that said, I also want to refund my Cash Cards. Why did I even buy these cards in the first place? Waste of money.I am sure the game is great and all, but when it comes to being unable to play, I do not recommend this game when it comes to when you are trying to play the game.----Update :Just for those to know, honestly, if my computer could actually play this game, I would love to play this game, however with how my game has long loading screens, the gameplay is lagged, etc, etc. There's no possible way I can even play this..And I heard that Rockstar pretty much scammed us by not really making the price cheaper on us. Now i have another reason why I want to refund this game, but it's not really a valid reason; my pure reason is just I can't even play the game."
76561197972118457,Not Recommended,271590,16367526,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheBrando,I cannot run GTA V on my MSI GT70 laptop. Still no patch 2 months later.
,Not Recommended,271590,16375482,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,saggyttities,i really like this game but i cant play it anymore and there is no explenation i uninstall and i install again and it says invalid game version WTF i pay 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dolar for a game that came in 2013 !
,Not Recommended,271590,16310634,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Baguette Kills,"This game just keep crashing in multiplayer and is unplayable. Google for ""ERR_GFX_D3D_INIT Crash"" and see by yourself.  My VGA is a 980 GTX and i have no issue with other games. Only GTA5 in multiplayer."
76561197990752138,Not Recommended,271590,16324784,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Drasta,"Pros: Fun single player and story mode, pleasant car handling, multiplayer mode makes some sense, really nice amount of details.Cons: Car damage model seems to be a step back from GTA IV. Boring grind in multiplayer (to encourage microtransactions). Need to win races in multiplayer to upgrade your car (which doesn't make much sense to me).  Microtransations for multiplayer (buy MP cash for real money).And last but not least misleading ad during steam sales claiming that you get 25% discount even though you are just buying the game for almost same price but bundled with GTA SA, Max Payne or some multiplayer cash..."
76561198001221153,Not Recommended,271590,16438917,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kevbob,"After playing this game for 45 hours, I can honestly say the following:The online is absolute garbage. I don't know if it's the PC port, or if it was this bad on consoles as well, but the number of bugs and the number of rampant hackers running around ruining fun have made it very difficult for me to enjoy playing the game with my friends.It sometimes takes us twenty minutes of exiting the game and reloading multiple times before we can join each others' sessions, and by the time we do, whatever session we're in gets infested with hackers that auto-kill everything 'for the lulz'.If we try and play a private session, it will keep us from connecting to one another roughly 50% of the time, inexplicably.If you are buying the game for the online experience, I suggest waiting until the price comes down; it's not worth 70 bucks as it stands right now."
,Not Recommended,271590,15908270,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,raw,"Don't buy this god awful ♥♥♥♥ing game. I bought it to play with friends online. I have fun with them, for the 4 minutes I can play with them without being kicked from a lobby. Then I have to spend 10 minutes joining back to the game, jus to be kicked again. Earlier today I spent two hours trying to to join my friends game. When I did we got into a shootout, I was about to shoot an RPG but a ♥♥♥♥ing asian women drives out of the blue infront of it killing me. Immediately after my game kept freeezing every 2 seconds, and I got disconnected from the server. I swear ♥♥♥♥ing DooM servers are better than Rockstars. Do they just have a 4 year old with Parkinsons working the servers room or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also they ♥♥♥♥ing cease and desisted OpenIV, one of the staples of GTA is the mods you ignorant ♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,271590,16310498,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ph.G.,"Do not buy Grand Theft Auto V.Prior to the Summer Sale of 2015, starting on 6/11/2015, the full retail price of GTAV was 60 USD.At the outset of the Summer Sale of 2015, and after the newly announced Refund Policy of Steam, Rockstar removed the original GTA V product from the Steam Store and replaced it with a non-optional ""Bundle"" of GTAV + A cash card, set at a base retail value of 79.00$ with a ""25% discount"" pricing the game at 60 USD.THE STEAM REFUND POLICY DOES NOT ALLOW REFUNDS ON DLC THAT AFFECT GAME PROGRESSION.  The forced Cash Card bundle exists ENTIRELY to prevent customers from requesting refunds and allows them to skirt laws related to ""PHANTOM SALES"" whereby the base retail price is raised prior to a sale, offering the APPEARANCE of a sale without offering actual savings to the consumer.  THAT PRACTICE IS ILLEGAL IN MULTIPLE COUNTRIES AND SEVERAL U.S. STATES, including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the U.K., and California.Do not support this ♥♥♥♥♥♥, shady, horrible anti-consumer company.  Do not buy their game.  I wish I didn't.Not the first purchase I regret making on Steam, but at this rate I'm considering ensuring that it's my last by no longer purchasing titles on this platform."
,Not Recommended,271590,16413600,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SpoooodaLs,"I pre ordered this game expecting that one day it would be released, and when it was finally released I could atleast play it online.Now, however, The Rockstar servers are seemingly forever offline, so I cannot connect.Thankyou for wasting my $80 I have worked for."
,Not Recommended,271590,15728468,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,British Crumpet Man,"I enjoy this game a lot, which sounds like an unusual way to start a negative review but if you're seeing this you've probably seen many other reviews that should make it easy to guess why this review is negative. For those that don't know, it's about Take 2 Interactive ♥♥♥♥ing with mods, which is the entire reason I and many others bought this game in the first place.This isn't a shot at the game, more the publishers. If you care about modding and for some reason don't already own this game, give this game a pass."
,Not Recommended,271590,32459793,Posted: 15 June,all,Bolt,Losing my character cause someone else was cheating in my lobby. What a good anti-cheat you have there and then you go to♥♥♥♥♥♥off another half of the community go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves.
,Not Recommended,271590,32434469,Posted: 15 June,all,RANDOMlagFTW,"No modding, f**k you take-two."
,Not Recommended,271590,30166869,Posted: 25 February,all,Mage5000,"I will start off saying that while this game worked i had a blast playing with my friends in a closed friend session never really bothered with open online as its just a mess of strangers, as a group we put alot of hours into it and recently convinced two more friends to buy the game to play along too, until one day out of the blue i recived a 30 day suspension and a complete character wipe, safe to say i was not overly impressed after hunting around for a number i called rockstar support only to be told to read the EULA and that is all they could do for me. they could give me no reason for the ban and i read through the EULA and found that i had broke none of their terms, i couldnt have been reported as i only play with my friends away from strangers. i was angry but as they could do nothing acepted it as a system glitch and just waited out the ban, two days ago it lifted so i thought id test it out with a friend to see if it worked okay, absolutely no problems so i logged off with the intention of getting the whole gang together the next evening only to find once id gathered everyone that i had been permenantly banned, aka no acess to online whatsoever story mode only. i called up again and i got the same response read the EULA, not exactly helpful, i would absoloutely not reccomend this game to anyone unless youre willing to roll the dice on weather or not you can keep the online feature after 2 sessions. unless rockstar release an apology and a patch to the automatic banning system do not buy this game if you intend on playing online, unless of course you want to pay £40 every week to keep playing with new characters."
,Not Recommended,271590,32587404,Posted: 20 June,all,GoodOfJarness,The pc version is now more crippled than Lester
,Not Recommended,271590,32489277,Posted: 16 June,all,Cervezao,No Mods. Go and f#ck yourself.Online → →→→→ HAXXXX
,Not Recommended,271590,32431267,Posted: 15 June,all,Squaig Charles,I'd have recommended GTA V to just about anyone.That was until i heard Take 2 decided to shaft OpenIV with a bladed fist.Seriously...Get the ♥♥♥♥ out Take 2And don't come back!
,Not Recommended,271590,32576053,Posted: 19 June,all,Nepgearsy,"From the bottom of my modder heart, Take-TwoGo.♥♥♥♥.Yourself."
76561198126110778,Not Recommended,271590,32498173,Posted: 17 June,all,Tiny-Little-Butthole-Mouth,Absolutely ridiculous that Take-Two would engage in aggressive anti-modding policies. It just makes their game's lifespan far smaller. Utterly ludicrous...
,Recommended,271590,18876211,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BeautifulMadness,"Very Addictive, simple way  to get some fun with Friends."
,Not Recommended,271590,32538034,Posted: 18 June,all,Cup Fuckhead,Give us mods or give us death! Don't treat us like children!
76561198155971993,Not Recommended,271590,32648366,Posted: 22 June,all,Lui,when you buy the game but you arent buy it... cause you wont enjoy it ....theres no mod anymore T_T
,Not Recommended,271590,32554469,Posted: 18 June,all,Mini Koala,Everyone is giving this game a bad review. I dont mod GTA but i care for the community. I support the community and their fight for unbanning OpenIV
76561197992630544,Not Recommended,271590,23607563,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,rohannydominguez,dont get the game on steam! they dont give support to the clients sundley the social network stop connectin and they stated they cant help me and rockstar does not have suppor tickets they only use forrums to help by other players it sucks!
,Not Recommended,271590,32669049,Posted: 23 June,all,Stoogeh,bring back mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32432546,Posted: 15 June,all,Caik,"Back in 2013, when GTA V had initally released, I was quite optimistic about the direction the game would take. R* released amazing singleplayer DLCs for both GTA IV and Red Dead Redemption, and I thought that this game would be no different. However, it seems money has gotten the better of them. With each new GTA update, the online portion promotes exuberant spending on microtransactions, and failing that, days of grinding for one or two measly vehicles. Now, they have officially made modding the game illegal. The culling of OpenIV did not and will not prevent online cheaters from spawning in money, but it will prevent users from using all the content that the developers have decided to lock to online only. The days where R* supported modding are gone. The days where they put emphasis on a good GTA game are gone. They are only interested in milking the money from the few cash cows that pay thousands per day on shark cards."
76561198152107693,Recommended,271590,19831835,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Paul Nation,i been playing for more than 400 hours in this game. The best part is all the dlc is free
,Not Recommended,271590,32456376,Posted: 15 June,all,Jordan,"The main reason I bought this game, and so did many other players, was for the mods, and they killed off mods. Do not buy."
76561198107269439,Recommended,271590,18120136,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ExpeRiieNce,Game is gettin better every day !
,Recommended,271590,26622404,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hoot Owl,I don't need to go bowling with Roman anymore.10/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32460928,Posted: 15 June,all,Dashi~,"Microtransactions already kinda ruined GTA but I was willing to look past it and just enjoy the game without buying any. But banning single player mods (OpenIV who had bedn used for the last 10 years) is horrible and Rockstar and Take Two should be ashamed of themselves.Edit: This issue has now been fixed but it still doesn't change the fact that this should not be forgottenI'm keeping the review negative because of their microtransactions being pushed down everyone's throat. If you're buying the game for the single player, it's great... Just don't expect much of GTA Online"
76561197974653316,Not Recommended,271590,28506584,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MilkProduct,The host has left the heist setup.Mission failed - player leftPlayer ♥♥♥♥nugget died - mission failed
,Not Recommended,271590,31072358,Posted: 10 April,all,DEAD MOOSE MEAT Cx,Online has a hacker problem?Ban a singleplayer mod platformFlawless logic...
,Not Recommended,271590,32567883,Posted: 19 June,all,Reverse,"The only reason I ever purchased this on Steam, after buying it for PS3 and PS4, was for mods. ♥♥♥♥ you, take two."
76561198024972638,Not Recommended,271590,32639743,Posted: 22 June,all,Radishhead,"Shutting down single player mods is bad for the industry, and very short-sighted considering the number of gamers who buy games like GTA V for the modding potential."
,Recommended,271590,24443745,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Hactory | Divine Shop #2,hay vl
,Not Recommended,271590,32566386,Posted: 19 June,all,Copgun,I've never seen more blatant disrespect for a games community.
76561198279615523,Not Recommended,271590,32433774,Posted: 15 June,all,B3aky_,"This is crossing a line. If we don't step up as gamers and boycott games like this then all games will turn into money grabs. This is wrong, and they deserve to hear about it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32520479,Posted: 17 June,all,Java,♥♥♥♥ off take 2
,Not Recommended,271590,32460618,Posted: 15 June,all,✪ ByS ✪,"THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥WAS GOOD OK?! IT WAS GOOOOOD! BUT THEN R* TOOK A HUGE DUMP ON IT OK?! SO NOW IT'S♥♥♥♥♥♥ DONT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME, ""FREE"" DLC'S THAT YOU CANT USE IN SINGLEPLAYER BECAUSE THEN R* WONT EARN ANY MONEY OFF OF IT SINCE FGTS DONT BUY SHARK CARDS THERE, AND IN MP ALL OF THOSE ""FREE"" DLC'S ARE SO ♥♥♥♥ING EXPENSIVE I COULDNT EVEN GET♥♥♥♥♥♥WHEN I SOLD MY KIDNEY SO BOICOTT THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T GAME AND ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T DEVS.ALSO YOU CANT EVEN MOD IN THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME WHICH IS WHAT WOULD MAKE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME A GOOD GAME BUT NO! R* DONT EARN MONEY FROM MODS OK ?!*drops mic*"
,Not Recommended,271590,16321258,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Stevie,"Love the game, but the stunt they pulled during the summer sale was greasy as hell."
,Not Recommended,271590,28572868,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RETARDED FAGGOT,"DONT BUY THIS GAME NOW, HACKERS WILL GET YOU SOMEHOW BANNED!I just got randomly banned for no reason, my friend got banned permannent while we were smoking the bong!(we both got banned for doing that)i got a 30 days pause FOR NO REASON, R* support wont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your, their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anti no reason cheat will ban everyone randomply!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=823961764UPDATE: I GOT UNBANNED ( yaaay ) after 20 minutes of playing around and a race, i restarted my pc and check my emails. Then i noticed an email from rockstar, guess what, PERMANENT BAN because i violated their ""terms and♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; but they wont explain what the ♥♥♥♥ i did wrong, 1st time i got banned for smoking a bong, now what the ♥♥♥♥ i did?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32674462,Posted: 23 June,all,WonderdoesGaming YT,No mods no game
,Not Recommended,271590,32614965,Posted: 21 June,all,=M$=CrafterBlade™,Rockstar is eating our money.
,Not Recommended,271590,32445292,Posted: 15 June,all,Morex,"jumping on the hate bandwagon, what's next, paying for mods?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32463752,Posted: 15 June,all,CloudTheWolf,RIP GTAV Mods... The only reason spent £40 for this
76561198001482194,Not Recommended,271590,32784452,Posted: 25 June,all,JREYN1550,"Had three million in ingame money, sell a full stock of guns for 1 mil, then have the money taken from me. Great work Rockstar, great work for using all that power to hit people who dont even use the modding menus"
,Not Recommended,271590,32574807,Posted: 19 June,all,MDarkbladeM,"In support of OpenIV and the future of modding Rockstar games, take my negative review."
76561198097143601,Not Recommended,271590,17004907,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cobar,"So now take 2 and rockstar finally did it, after saying to the fans they embrace mods for gta5 they finally shot themselves in the head, by killing open iv ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar and take 2 not gonna get any of your future games from now on. I highly do not recommend purchasing this game at all, it's fun with mods in single player, the online is fun with friends but after a few hours it gets dull an boring not to mention hackers are still flooding the online despite what take 2 and ♥♥♥♥♥tar just did, this game is an overpriced piece of garbage save your money, rockstar doesn't care about the fans they just want your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32464560,Posted: 15 June,all,2281,"Do not purchase this game if you wish to mod it. Take-Two Interactive has required that OpenIV, a tool vital for modding, be discontinued.Take-Two Interactive has had a long-standing distate for the modding community. It should be expected that further actions will be taken against them.In addition to these circumstances, it is worth noting that Story Mode updates have long been discontinued by Rockstar Games. GTA Online recieves regular updates but is woefully mismanaged, all the more so on PC. Rockstar Games has continually proven to be completely incompetent at managing the stability and security of its online mode.As a long-standing fan of the Grand Theft Auto series, I am extremely disappointed by all of this. I no longer see any value in purchasing this game on PC."
,Not Recommended,271590,32431021,Posted: 15 June,all,🔰 Gencino 🔰,Stop trying to kill single player mods by destroying OpenIV
76561198112349911,Not Recommended,271590,32590970,Posted: 20 June,all,(°ε° ),RIP Rockstar you good at making us mad
,Not Recommended,271590,32819303,Posted: 26 June,all,Plippy,"The game itself is very fun, but the online mode sucks. It's very difficult to make money to purchase the in game vehicles, unless you pay real life money to buy in-game money. There are also modders who can mod into your account, getting you banned from online mode and since Rockstar has a dumb policy that states that all bans are final, you can get banned without having done anything wrong."
,Not Recommended,271590,32547120,Posted: 18 June,all,Skeuadan,"Good job Take-Two, you destroyed your PC reputation by basically making the best feature of your game (modding) illegal. Going after the people who increase the longevity of your game is a great idea! I hope one day I will be smart as the head of your legal team. You're doing a great job! Now, go back to the little hole you crawled out of and stay off my platform, we don't want you here if you aren't going to behave. You have inflicted a wound upon yourself that will not heal anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,271590,19071961,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Orphic,"The treatment of GTA V modders by Take-Two Interactive is literally THE WORST I have ever seen, in any game, ever. They have shut down multiple projects designed for making a multiplayer in tandem with GTA:O, which haven't touched any of their source code, by sending P.I.'s to the modders' houses to intimidate them. And why? For profit.Please stop feeding the beast, crack GTA V or just don't buy it."
76561198051075826,Not Recommended,271590,32435518,Posted: 15 June,all,SharpShooter57︻芫═----,Bought this game 3 times! i had many good times but after all the years the game is dying and mods make it fun or well did they are just money hungery........RIP  OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,30019899,Posted: 18 February,all,Grebo Punter,"Purchased this for the single player story campaign, and that is what I am reviewing. The game features impressive world design and driving mechanics, great characters and interesting story and tone, fantastic soundtrack, but it absolutely fails as a game. The single player campaign plays out as an endless tutorial following very specific directions, lengthy cut scenes interspersed with far too many tedious uninteresting un-skippable boring QTE mini games.Outside of a couple vaguely fun firefights, I encountered almost zero actual compelling gameplay in 30+ hours, except for maybe driving from point A to point B in between cut scenes, which is moderately interesting, but not in itself enough to carry a game. I kept waiting for the guided tutorial to end and the actual game to begin, but after a couple dozen hours I realized that this was as good as it was going to get. It's been a while since I played GTA IV but I seem to remember it being much more of a game, certainly the earlier GTA games did. The only motivation to keep slogging through this one was to follow the story, but eventually it was just too boring to endure any longer.One might assume a notoriously huge open world such as this would allow the player to approach missions with some degree of creativity, but the few actual mission scenarios I encountered all required the player to follow very precise instructions, and allowed for almost zero agency on the part of the player, sapping any enjoyment. The interactive portion of missions is just going through the motions to quickly get them over with in hopes something better is coming later, but it never does.I have nothing against linear on-rails games if they are well done, but there has to be some reason to play, and it seems a colossal mis-match to set this kind of a game in a gigantic sandbox environment. The really great characters and story in here would have been much better served as a stand-alone film or television series - I'd watch that, but interspersed with the annoying minigames, the game portion is a nuisance.Despite the fantastic driving controls, the flight controls are horrendous and unnecessarily awkward compared to just about any other flight game or simulator I have ever encountered. I assume this is to create some sort of challenge for the player, one more mini game to pad the time, but the end result is just annoying. The game has zero challenge outside of artifically obnoxious contrived nonsense like this. Too bad because the vast scale of the world, slick weapons mechanics and all of the various NPCs seem perfect for some sort of gang wars shooter. The parts to make an actual fun game are all there, so it is frustrating that they are not used to do so.I eventually gave up at a torture sequence mini game, not because of the fact that it was unpleasant or in poor taste, but out of sheer boredom. Somehow the developers had managed to make even torture boring and I just couldn't handle any more of the stupid mini games. Like the preceding Yoga mini game, it's something that probably sounded like an interesting experiment on paper, but in practice turned out to be boring filler and could have been accomplished in a 30 second cut scene.I found no real game in here, it's all smoke and mirrors. I can't recommend this for even the half off sale price that it regularly goes for. I had a lot more fun with the earlier games in the series."
,Not Recommended,271590,33299850,Posted: 5 July,all,CallOfGhoul,Its extremely boring if you dont have a friend to play with and there are SO MANY GOD DAMN CHEATERS
,Not Recommended,271590,32445236,Posted: 15 June,all,jericho,"not only take two are ♥♥♥♥ing megajews, they're also braindead"
76561198009453170,Not Recommended,271590,33205009,Posted: 3 July,all,Mutestock,"Single player was ok.Online was boring.Mods were awesome.Devs tried to remove mods. After the negative reviews they decided to undo the change. I don't care, they only responded because of the uproar. The corp will do stunts like this in the future and I have absolutely no respect for them, whatsoever. I've been supporting his franchise since GTA 2 and this is where I pull the plug. It's over."
76561198063888278,Not Recommended,271590,32591294,Posted: 20 June,all,[STW Italia]☤♦AMAXI♦☤,NO MODS????? ♥♥♥♥ YOU DAM GREEDY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!!!!
76561197984431489,Not Recommended,271590,28572381,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,wildgaming,"This game is wonderful, including online. But there is one flaw I've noticed. They Ban you for abolutely no reason on GTA Online. I was banned a couple days ago, and can't play until the 22nd of next year. So, I would not recommened the Online. but story is Amazing"
,Not Recommended,271590,32533636,Posted: 18 June,all,Ice,"i really liked this game, too bad they don't allow mods now..."
,Not Recommended,271590,19810103,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Shipuli,"Still lot of cheaters......Edit::.Some time has passed since i wrote this original review. I joined gta online to see if anything has changed. Nothing. Nothing has changed.R* still doesn't give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about cheaters. Just too many cheaters. I don't mind about endless grinding. Prizes are high, yeah, but cheaters just take all the fun away from gta for me.I spent 5 minutes in first server and i got teleported to some random location and everybody exploded.R* makes good games, but they don't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥about their cheater problem. I might not buy any future games from R*. At least not any kind of game that has multiplayer.R* might be big company but think before you buy any games from them.What do you want from your game? GTA V has decent singleplayer, but online is just full of cheaters/modders/hackers.I don't recommend buyng GTA V."
,Recommended,271590,15496497,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,onegard,"Bought this game for ps3 on release day. 220 hours later, still one my favourite games.10/10."
,Not Recommended,271590,32460484,Posted: 15 June,all,Drix,"Congratz, you've finally played yourself!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15412403,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,THIRD SIDE OF TAPE,"I just want to preface this: I adore this game, it's one of my favorite games of all time.Buuut....Take Two/Rockstar (and yes, R* is as guilty) targeted OpenIV and sent a C&D to the devs of OIV is honestly one of the more surreal things that I've seen in gaming recently, see, this whole ""We're trying to save GTA Online from cheaters!"" thing that Rockstar has been trying (desperately, I might add) has resulted in taking out one of the best modding tools i've seen, claming that OpenIV was enabling people to cheat in GTA Online.Much like how they've been failing to stop cheaters, they also failed to actually take down the right tool.Yes, Menyoo and other popular paid GTAO trainers used a reverse-enginered version of OpenIV. But instead of Rockstar actually creating a ♥♥♥♥ing anti-cheat worth a damn, seperating GTA Online into it's own seperate thing, and actually looking for the offending online trainers to C&D.We ended up in this situation where instead of targeting the distributers of the hacked OIV and working with the OpenIV team to make sure that the tool couldn't be used for online, they basicly shot a C&D cruise missle and hit everyone, including the OpenIV team.And it's not like Rockstar has anyone to blame but themselves, GTA Online is STILL a hackers paradise on launch & they don't even give the community proper RAGE modding tools for the single player portion of the game, but I'm not even sure if that is a good idea. Considering GTA Online is just an open-world Modern Warfare 2 hacked lobby simulator, I'm not sure that their OWN modding tools would be secure."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434930,Posted: 15 June,all,Guts,"This seemed like a great Port until they just started forgetting about what makes PC gaming what it is stuff like mods, which Rockstar aactively goes against with their Take2 shenanigans, it's a single player game or just a mp game? Since they like to mess with our OFFLINE mode. Also for such focus on multiplayer I would like to know why the servers are filled with hackers? So you can play Singleplayer with no mods since they make Take2 send Cease and Desist letter for modders, or you can go to mp where there are a bunch of hackers ♥♥♥♥ing your game up. We could just play Singleplayer and Rockstar stay focused on MP instead of messing with what is OURS."
,Not Recommended,271590,32573228,Posted: 19 June,all,Cpt. Numaqua,"You have to pay to win, and that's a shame. The updates get more and more expensive, and are beyond the reach of anybody who has a life.And, there's another thing- Why rip on folks who use OpenIV in singleplayer? They make the game more interesting and renew interest in it. If you folks want to betray your fans, annoy the hell out of new players and generally shoot yourselves in the foot, then you're doing everything necessary."
,Not Recommended,271590,28496817,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,respect women,game sucks
,Not Recommended,271590,32525018,Posted: 17 June,all,Ciao Time,Thanks for alienating a huge part of your community to make some corporate overlord happy. #FreeOpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32531432,Posted: 18 June,all,Mike,Mods are good. mkay
,Not Recommended,271590,16708308,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Degrain,The worst thing in this game is It's community.
,Recommended,271590,21755357,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Wolfanov,"excellent game, GTA Franchise is one of the best franchise in the history of video games, and GTA V bring some new game experiences that make you feeling like a real gangsta, a real retired bank robber and a psychopath, 10000/10"
76561198210932653,Not Recommended,271590,32520528,Posted: 17 June,all,RRA Bradders,Y U DO DIS 2 US. ;-;
76561198036910331,Not Recommended,271590,32451779,Posted: 15 June,all,URBIE LYFE,"So this game has been fun, however, the constant grinding for money , juat to have fun for an hour and then run out of money and grind again for 4-5 hours is the worst i played gta 4 for its randomness , i could just hop in blow up a city block kill other players and go on , now i gotta be carefull cause ammo is expensive and blowing up your buddies 5 mill car costs you 20-40k .. and just when there were going to be mods to help get past thart its gets shut down . i get it ... they want you to buy the fuggen shark cards are the insane price they set for them but thats ridiculous , i mean the game was released 3 times xbox 360- xbox one - and then pc , all successful launches that made an insane amout of money .. just let us have fun with the game ... some of us bought it twice , onece for console cause thats all there was then for pc ... is 200 bucks enough.. let them mod the game, let us continue to have fun with your game . dont kill it"
,Not Recommended,271590,32437369,Posted: 15 June,all,Liroku,"Game is beautiful, was loads of fun, however it's even better with mods and custom private servers. I've bought shark cards and multiple copies of this game, even bought some for my friends. I feel completely betrayed by their attempts to take out the modding community around the PC version of this. They can't control the bad hackers that screw with online, but they are busy taking down the good guys who just like having fun with their game and aren't hurting anyone else. I usually try to steer clear of the hate train, but I have to jump on this one.R* insinuated mods would be ok as long as it didn't mess with online. They clearly mislead the people who bought this game, they attempt legal measures against people who are probably the biggest fans of this game, and this whole mess has really turned me off from even playing it anymore. So much for any Sharkcard purchases from me, my wife, or any of my friends who all feel the same way. Way to go.TL/DR: I don't want to live in a world I can't play GTA as Iron Man."
76561197979313744,Not Recommended,271590,32573299,Posted: 19 June,all,Hypa,Have never used mods for V... but as an act of solidarity with modders' community
,Not Recommended,271590,32522447,Posted: 17 June,all,akaAntix,"this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks i got 22million dollars and rank taken away. I have never hacked, I have never recieved any oney from a ♥♥♥♥ing modder. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. THIS IS WHY TRUMP SHOULD OWN ROCKSTAR."
76561198083257816,Not Recommended,271590,26464460,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CapnRecon,"If you don't have a group of friends to play this with, don't buy it. Simply modding SINGLEPLAYER is enough to get perma-banned from the online mode. Friend of mine fell victim to this within his first two hours of playing the game.As for actually playing the online mode, however, its only fun with a group of friends due to the general public in this game consisting of spoiled little kids with oblivious parents. This is the first GTA game I've ever owned, and within ten minutes of being in a public lobby online poor little rank 1 me was sniped three times, suicide bombed five times, and gunned down in the streets with literally nothing on me but a pistol with no ammo and a wallet so empty even a homeless man would feel more rich than me.It was reading the other reviews and experiencing it for myself that made me only go online in private lobbies and solo sessions. The second I get booted into a public lobby from Rockstar's ineptitude I slam the escape key, retreat to story mode, and set up a new private lobby.And with Rockstar's anti-cheat absolutely destroying innocent players that had absurdly large amounts of cash dropped onto them by modders, public lobbies can be risky to jump into.So what could've been a great online mode has been destroyed by modders, toxic children, and Rockstar's ineptitude.Makes the 'M' rating of the game seem to stand for 'Mediocre' rather than mature.If you decide to buy this game despite these warnings, then make sure you turn off ALL third-party programs that latch an overlay into the game. Discord, for example, can get you banned if you have the overlay enabled.That about sums it up; have a nice one mates."
,Recommended,271590,15370559,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,batuzzy,"I have nothing to say about this perfect game. Well optimized, great environment atmosphere. This game runs perfectly well on my gtx 880m. I don't really encounter launch issue so I don't know why that's even possible, and what's causing it.P.S.: Don't be fooled by the review (by the time of the writing, it's mostly positive [79%]). Grab it when you have money, you won't regret it by paying the game for full price. If you encounter any issue, you can always ask the support guys who's much better than EA."
,Not Recommended,271590,29067784,Posted: 6 January,all,Paradox,♥♥♥♥ this game it banned me for no reason when a hacker gave me money without me having known or asked for it.
,Not Recommended,271590,28413170,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kevin Dong,"Should you buy this game? Depends on why.IF YOU WANT SINGLEPLAYER: Amazing game overall. Wait until the sales ($40 or less) and pick it up, and have so much fun. Will never get banned from singleplayer games from modding!IF YOU WANT MULTIPLAYER: WORST. GAME. EVER!!!!!!! Before you end up getting banned, you are forced to repeat missions OVER AND OVER. A pain in the a**, as you can call it.WHEN YOU GET BANNED [FOR NO REASON], Rockstar Games does not give a sH*t! You are FORCED to survive 30 DAYS WITHOUT ACTUALLY GETTING TO PLAY ONLINE, than second time and you're BANNED FOR TWENTY YEARS!!Worse, NO BAN APPEALS! NO PURCHASABLE UNBANS! AUTOMATIC BOT REPLIES FOR SUPPORT SYSTEM! OVERALL:♥♥♥♥♥♥!And they don't even tell you a ""reason""!!! That's how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tech support can get (at its finest).Ratings on a scale of 10:OFFLINE GAME: 11/10ONLINE GAME: -99999999999999999999999999999/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,30402591,Posted: 8 March,all,Chaz,RIP Modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32508995,Posted: 17 June,all,Mummy,"I heard you liked to mod your games to make them more fun. Keep walking.I like the game, but the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥es in charge don't deserve your money."
76561198230417956,Not Recommended,271590,32441291,Posted: 15 June,all,LividDarkness,They take our mods away so they can force us to online to play with the vehciles story mode lacks. Unforgiveable to remove OpenIV.
76561197982258156,Not Recommended,271590,32441304,Posted: 15 June,all,Donald Trump,I only bought this game so I can mod it. Sorry Take-Two. I'll never buy another game you make or publish.
,Not Recommended,271590,32441307,Posted: 15 June,all,47BAPF,"♥♥♥♥ YOU ROCKSTAR, WITHOUT MODS, ALL GRAND THEFT AUTO SERIES WILL BE NOTHING !IF U HAVENT BUY THIS GAME, DONT BUY IT !"
,Not Recommended,271590,32441300,Posted: 15 June,all,PresidentZombie,"Soo many people buy the game to MOD SINGLE PLAYERS. I've bought the game 3 SEPERATE TIMES, once on the xbox 360, once on the ps4 and lastly now the PC Version. I bought the PC version since it allows for the modding, I support your products Take 2 but I do not support your policies and if this continues I will have to stop buying your games.as far everything else related to game goes, everyone should know by now that Vanilla GTA5 is an excellent game."
76561198116502578,Not Recommended,271590,32441302,Posted: 15 June,all,moenad,Not purchasing any future games published by Take Two from now unless they change their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ policies on modding.A big ♥♥♥♥ you to the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(s) who took this decision.
76561198246051128,Not Recommended,271590,32398674,Posted: 13 June,all,JakBad99,"Basically rockstar ♥♥♥♥ed everyone over when they had you buy the game at least twice. On top of that they make you grind way too much for money and it gets worse after every update. Also, modders are only a problem because rockstar has made everything way too grindy, which gave modders every reason to just drop money instead of wasting time grinding for♥♥♥♥♥♥ To be completely honest I did use mods and I only used infinite ammo and money drops. I never messed with anyone and I spent most of my time flying around the map doing dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ Doesnt matter though when rockstar wants you to buy their shark cards. They dont care about how fun they make it. It's about how much they can profit from stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s buying their shark cards. Greedy♥♥♥♥♥company that sold the game on 3 seperate platforms for full price and still have the audasity to put micro-transactions in it. I know for a fact they are swimming in piles of money just thinking about how they will ♥♥♥♥ you over in the next update. My guess would be that they decrease the payout for older missions and increase the price for the new content.TL;DR♥♥♥♥ this greedy company and everyone that supports this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t practice"
,Not Recommended,271590,32536955,Posted: 18 June,all,-Neb- Greenhawk,Stay away from this game.Take two interactive has destroyed this game with it's anti modding agenda and it's over the top price tags on online.
76561198080432776,Not Recommended,271590,32475558,Posted: 16 June,all,Vytak,♥♥♥♥ this game for removing all sense of creativity.
76561198021552709,Not Recommended,271590,32475577,Posted: 16 June,all,Fenris Valren,♥♥♥♥ you TakeTwo for banning offline mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32475267,Posted: 16 June,all,Michael,"They ♥♥♥♥ed up real good.For our great and beloved PC Master Race modding games is the real deal. We are living and dying for it.But how can such bullsh$t company know, what's right for the noble PC Users when they only care about those ♥♥♥♥ing console sharecroppers?F* you all,PCMR for the win!Bring back OPENIV.If you don't bring it back, then we know what we've already known: Take 2 just cares about the peasants and are not worthy of the money from the PCMR. Don't give away money for their♥♥♥♥♥♥products - they will only use it to make♥♥♥♥♥♥products for peasant console players who don't know the real glory!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32602928,Posted: 20 June,all,Moozey,NO MODS = NO FUN
,Not Recommended,271590,32817347,Posted: 26 June,all,Swarles Barkley,"I've had it.I've been playing GTA V Online since it went live on 360 years ago.  At first it was amazing.  Most of the good cars were available to steal and make your own.  Sure you could buy cars outright, but you didn't need them to make the game fun at that point.  Fast forward to now and all the fun toys will cost you more out of pocket money than half the games on Steam.Want the new Flying Motorcycle?  That will be 3,500,000 in game cash which roughly translates to around 42 dollars US.  Want the new Rocket Car that everyone is driving around?  Well first you have to buy a business for around a million in game, then buy a warehouse for another million, and then you can buy the car for 2 million.  Again, around 50 dollars to just be able to use an ingame car when you want.Can you make money in game through missions and such.  Absolutely.  Be ready for a frustrating endevor though.  We'll use the Vehicle cargo missions as an example.  The first few are easy.   After that it ramps up.  You'll steal high priced cars after having to drive 10 minutes across a gargantuan map to snag it.  Sometimes you have to fight off bad guys, some times you have to airlift the car off a boat, etc etc.  The catch is, every single bit of damage to the car costs you money.  The game will throw random NPC bad guys to shoot at you and try to ram you off the road.  Traffic will start to try to pull out in front of you or cut you off.  You can watch your money trickle away with every dent you take.  I consider myself a GTA veteran and pretty good at this game, but even I have issues trying to get vehicles back to the warehouse without getting destroyed by in game obstacles.  I'm all for a challenge, but not when that challenge is specifically there to nickle and dime me.  These missions take around 15 minutes to half an hour so failing one ends up being a huge waste of time.  It's more frustrating than fun.So you grind and grind, realize that you're not getting very far money wise and shell out some of your own out of pocket money for a shark card.  You finally buy the Opressor that you wanted so bad.  You take it out for a spin and crash it a few times, it blows up.  That will be another 20,000 out of your pocket for an INSURANCE claim.  That's right, they make you pay for any cars you already bought and crashed.  They will say it's realism, but it's just another way to drain your in game money to force you to buy more shark cards.There is no reason these in game items couldn't be priced more reasonably.  Paying the price of an almost brand new game for an in game item is terrible.  It's a slap in the face to long time fans like myself.  I don't have the extra 20 bucks out of pocket here and there to buy decent cars, or pay out the nose for rockets for my rocket launcher. (Yes, you have to buy your ammo as well, that drains pretty quickly.)  I don't have the time to grind endlessly on repetative missions that are more frustrating than fun.It's really too bad.  The single player is incredible.  If you are going completely solo, I highly recommend the core single player game.  Everything has a really good pace and you can afford some of the toys.  Online even has some bright spots.  Heist missions and races are fun, but they won't get you the consistent money you need to keep moving forward.  If you enjoy solo online play, you'll have a hard time getting anything without shelling out way too much time or money.Rockstar and Take 2 have set a terrible bar here.  They are making a ton of money off of shark card sales so they won't be dropping the price for the fun stuff anytime soon.  Microtransactions kill what could be an amazing online experience for everyone.  This is a new level of greed.I can only hope they don't pull these kinds of shenanigans with GTA VI, but I'm sure that's wishful thinking and nothing more.Overall, if your well off with money, or have all the time in the world to do missions this game might be fun for you.  If you're a college student, parent, or just don't have a lot of over the top money or time this game isn't going to be what you expect.It pains me to give this a thumbs down, but I just can't stand for this type of greed from a company that has already made so much money off of it's consumers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32527887,Posted: 17 June,all,UndeadThrashGuy,"Murder the most well-known franchises in the world, the most sold game, the biggest SP modding community just because of your own greed. Great job, T2. Gunrunning update was the biggest cash-heavy update, every single in-game day you pay 10-20k $ just on maintanace. Research = pay to win. I'm one of the biggest GTA series fans, grew up with it. Good luck with losing 80+% of your playerbase on this dumb move."
,Not Recommended,271590,32466033,Posted: 16 June,all,Man Iron,"♥♥♥♥ Rockstar and Take-Two, Rockstar can go ahead and try to justify it by saying OpenIV is enabling malicious mods but it's a single player mod. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that they're targetting singleplayer modding tools like this especially when many people including myself purchased or even repurchased this game with modding in mind.On a side note I received hack money towards the end of April and had it all the way up until June 13th when their gun-runner update came out. I left a ticket and everything just to get their automated response. They should be focusing on fixing their online♥♥♥♥♥♥rather than ♥♥♥♥ing with the single player experience."
,Not Recommended,271590,32435505,Posted: 15 June,all,Vector,"18 hours ago, OpenIV was banned because Take-Two wanted to take every penny that you have and put it into their overflowing wallets. Even though OpenIV was not in any way messing with online, Take-Two destroyed ten years of these guy's lives. F  U  C  K YOU."
,Not Recommended,271590,32504491,Posted: 17 June,all,[APG]Moose,One more vioce against the shutdown
76561198067770722,Not Recommended,271590,33305933,Posted: 6 July,all,Stacy's Mom,"I've had this game for sooooo long and it used to be fun... BUT JESUS CHRIST, the♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game is expensive and the shark card dont even give you enough for very much of the things you can buy.. IDK if i'll ever even play again because now my game crashes apon loading the world up. even in single player. If you dont want people to mod, lower the damn prices! its already a $60 game!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32430713,Posted: 15 June,all,Mart3000,This game will not live long without player made content; rockstar really do not understand gamers.
,Not Recommended,271590,32498187,Posted: 17 June,all,Fid,Not overly a fan of this game anyways. Saw what they did with mods. Tsk tsk. The marketer within me is slapping his forehead
,Not Recommended,271590,32423827,Posted: 14 June,all,SamuelCish,Take-Two has effectively killed modding for this game by sending a cease and desist to the largest singleplayer mod maker. Don't give your money to these people. Plus the game is boring as hell. The online is just a watered down singleplayer and the everyone's already played the singleplayer since Rock Star and Take-Two released this game three separate times for $60 each time.
,Recommended,271590,27434389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kori,"new players has no chance against level 100 in their insurgents, i like it"
,Not Recommended,271590,32421547,Posted: 14 June,all,I'm Dastardly,"Take-Two I hope you go bankrupt, It's a shame that you take something that the pc community of GTA loved. ♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two. Bring back OpenIV.UPDATEI know Take-Two has backed off from the modding community, but this should not be forgotten what that tried to do to their fan base. So my review will not become recommended at this time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32636905,Posted: 22 June,all,bathuan² ☭,Mods disabled fuc*king cun*ts. Don't buy this sh*it!
76561198020791595,Not Recommended,271590,32551418,Posted: 18 June,all,^3Tinkles,"GTA:Online Portion of this game has been ridden with cheaters since the start. Because the game uses a system called Peer-to-Peer it isn't really possible to have a good anti-cheat because of how P2P works. Rockstar went with this system to save themselves money on dedicated servers, and ultimately the integrity of their playerbase's online experience.There is quite a lot of fun to be had online, assuming you don't run into griefers or cheaters. However, there is quite a bit of grinding involved to partake in the fun adventures of GTA:Online, for every million you make you need at least 2-4 hours of grinding for (With CEO/VIP/I/E). Some players might be turned off by the grinding in GTA Online others might not, it all depends on you - the player.There have been sort of paywalls or grind walls for non-sharkcard players. Like Yachts for example are 8-12mil so that's roughly $100-150 USD for that yacht. Or 20+ hours of grinding. Rockstar's latest paywall was the recent update Gunrunners where you must pay 225k per research if you want it fast ot wait 4 hours + per research while resupplying the bunker (and not getting any RP or $ for doing it). Whereas CEO work would pay you for securing things.If you buy all the research it's just shy of $225 USD worth of shark cards. Or if you wait it out roughly 400 hours + of playing GTA Online while babysitting your bunker. Not including the new pegasus military vehicles added which while offering a discount, are still expensive. 35 mil to purchase and upgrade them (customization will raise you another 8+). So in the end if you want the 'full' experience of this update you need at least 50million or $500-600 USD of shark cards, and the time needed to get that money in-game would be 200-400 hours. Unless you run into a cheater giving cash, which rockstar has some countermeasures for (with varying accuracy). Some people got all their money taken away while only having 5mil others had 300-500mil cheated money but never had it touched.SingleplayerThe singleplayer portion of this game isn't bad, but it isn't technically supported. Any of the content made in GTA Online isn't added into singleplayer because they won't get your shark card money that way.With the recent events of them shutting down OpenIV (Which is for singleplayer modding NOT online cheating - that's scripthook an entirely different program) singleplayer longetivity for this game is basically dead.So ultimately if you're playing with friends and hope to get this at a discount: good luck because it took this game 1 1/2 years before it even seen a 25% discount (and that was with a sharkcard to force it back over $60)!This game is a fun game to play, but it has fallen into a cesspool of gaming because of the lack of caring that Rockstar has towards GTAO since it took them two full years before they even did anything really against modders and they are attacking the wrong party when they finally do make a move.http://www.playstationlifestyle.net/2017/06/01/take-two-ceo-talks-about-rockstar-games-microtransactions-and-more/"
,Recommended,271590,24392109,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,VanDerMueren,"Singleplayer: 10/10 - Perfect-Masterpiece-No further commentsGTA Online: 7/10 - Regular-good-Endless content-Much fun...-Pay to play (DLCs are ""free"", but you need to buy R* Shark Cards to actually get most of their content)-Too much technical issues (connection time-outs when changing sessions, random disconnecting, stuck screens that forces you to alt+f4, some menus are very buggy)-Heists are annoying to play (people disconnect in the middle of it, impossible to do with random people, much time wasting... etc)-Longest loading screens ever"
76561198078459824,Not Recommended,271590,32421549,Posted: 14 June,all,VoltageTheWolf,Don't buy/play if you want to play a game made by devs that actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the community the created! Bring back OpenIV! Let single player modders have our fun!
76561198058629466,Not Recommended,271590,32433765,Posted: 15 June,all,Streetcorps,"This game has become useless since OpenIV has been taken down, this because the game is focusing on gta:online and shark cash cards.."
,Not Recommended,271590,32567848,Posted: 19 June,all,uebok s softom,"OpenIV is love, OpenIV is life"
,Not Recommended,271590,32505300,Posted: 17 June,all,Skunge,Oh look a bandwagon.
,Not Recommended,271590,32475888,Posted: 16 June,all,Retro,never even used mods on gta before but thats a still a massive d*ck move
,Not Recommended,271590,32799946,Posted: 25 June,all,Rem,lmao got bannedtake jew interactive i am not a fan of
76561198074740890,Not Recommended,271590,32529809,Posted: 18 June,all,Darth Binks,"You ♥♥♥♥ mods, we ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Not Recommended,271590,16420412,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Je moeder,Nice ''sale'' steam.
,Not Recommended,271590,29798659,Posted: 9 February,all,Salt Documentary,sikiş yok
,Not Recommended,271590,19445804,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BIGJAVLINMATE,FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
76561198008591670,Not Recommended,271590,32470459,Posted: 16 June,all,^4danno,GTA Online is designed around getting people to buy shark cards and Take Two is trying to prevent people from modding single player.  There is no reason to recommend this game.
76561198028466804,Not Recommended,271590,32493815,Posted: 16 June,all,AtticusMordecai,Single player fell to the wayside. just a money grab at this point.
,Not Recommended,271590,32420860,Posted: 14 June,all,Spell iCup,Take Two can suck my♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32533101,Posted: 18 June,all,Horatius[TG],"Destroying modding community, go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves."
76561197974065413,Not Recommended,271590,32638507,Posted: 22 June,all,1eyed king trump,"This game is one of the most stupidifying games I have ever played.Expect 20 minutes of load screen for every 5 minutes played.It's like one of these free mobile upgrade-games. You gain higher and higher stats, earn more money and eventually you are so tired of the game that you don't bother playing with your high-level character. This game robs you of your time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32555723,Posted: 18 June,all,Blizardbear,Bring mods back.
,Not Recommended,271590,32427477,Posted: 15 June,all,Danners,"This game is worse than candy crush with its mircotransations its only hope was single playing mods, now it worthless. Dont buy this game, its not even close to the open world sand box it could have been. just a wallet stealing useless nothing."
,Not Recommended,271590,32614993,Posted: 21 June,all,尺丨匚匚,"One of my favorite games of all time, ruined by outlawing mods. People wouldn't cheat if making money online wasn't such a grind."
76561198022793257,Not Recommended,271590,28589342,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[HQ] Ignatius,♥♥♥♥ed up game with useless support.. Got banned permanently because i got matched in a heist with hackers.. Emailed rockstar and they were useless. Wasted all those in game cash i bought from their store.
,Not Recommended,271590,15665018,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,John Fitzgerald Kennedy,Banning people for modding? I haven't been banned but ♥♥♥♥ off Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,33356310,Posted: 7 July,all,Marshall_B,"Well it finally happened. A big publisher started suing their own mod community because they think somehow the people engaging in that labor of love are cutting into their bottom line. Mods are one of the things that make the PC gaming community great, and as such I cannot reccomend this or any other game owned by Take Two.As for the game itself, it's great. GTA Online, not so much. It used to be better. But for the love of god don't support sleazy business practices by buying it."
76561197996604397,Not Recommended,271590,32466746,Posted: 16 June,all,Uncertified Anvil,"While the story itself is great, the recent actions of Take-Two are ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting and I cannot recommend buying this because of it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32471956,Posted: 16 June,all,Petellius,"I've been creating a mod for several months now, I can no longer continue due to take two's recent actions.Thanks guys -_-"
76561198059233999,Not Recommended,271590,32426381,Posted: 14 June,all,dat ting,"Mods?...no?Seriously, this is pathetic:Remove mods = Less content = More GTAOnline users = More money from shark cards?No. What they have done is very rude and shouldn't be tolerated."
,Not Recommended,271590,32423494,Posted: 14 June,all,JakeyPrime,Rockstar and Take 2 going against their own word and taking down mod support. Absolutely disgraceful.
76561198118924477,Not Recommended,271590,32426556,Posted: 14 June,all,N3GaTiiV3 Z3Ro,"If you're looking to mod, look somewhere else. Rockstar has taken our beautiful modding community, and smashed it right before our eyes. If you want this back, your best bet is to follow my example, and leave a 0 Star Review on this game in order to get their attention. #BringBackMods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32434953,Posted: 15 June,all,[D-501] Michael Knight,"I bought this just for modding, so yeah, f♥♥♥ you take two interactive"
,Not Recommended,271590,32843675,Posted: 26 June,all,everythingbutray,"Pro: This game is incredble.Con: The developer banning any form of modding, including singleplayer modding, and not supporting the community that supports their game.Buy for the experience if you've never played this game and want a AAA cinemative story telling experience.But know the developers are actively limitting any form of singleplayer or multiplayer modification, of any kind, even banning you from the online community. Had to leave this review as a message to creators and the fans."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429881,Posted: 15 June,all,Poisoned AL ☠,"Take 2 have made it very obvious that they see their customers as nothing but cattle to be milked for cash. If that wasn't clear when the only time they bother to deal with hackers is when they give everyone money to bypass their BS micro translations, yesterday's attack on ALL mods underlines that fact. They want money for their low effort “mods” in GTA Online.Oh, it was also super classy of the cowardly little parasites to try to bury this news while E3 was going on. Do NOT give Take 2 your money. It will only give the green-light to other AAA scum!"
76561197972429606,Not Recommended,271590,32582868,Posted: 19 June,all,Mudduck,"I have never modded this game, but to allow modding for years, then out of the blue decide to force the people who make this mod to stop distributing it, is kinda childish. I will no longer support this company, sure i may play this game, but anything new I will not waste my hard earned money on, Just like I no longer support anything sony makes because they pulled linux support off the PS3, I bought the PS3 because of the linux support, and I got lied to when they got rid of it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420358,Posted: 14 June,all,JET LIFE,Making offline modding illegal? Really Take 2? Really Rockstar? After providing ZERO SINGLE PLAYER DLC'S?I'll never purchase another one of your games again. Sad day in the gaming industry.
,Not Recommended,271590,32420053,Posted: 14 June,all,Jorrow,"I brought this games as it had some awesome mods, But now Take Two has shut down openiv most of them are no longer usable. Without the modding this game is just not worth the very high price they charge for it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32460318,Posted: 15 June,all,SexOffenderSally,♥♥♥♥OFF WITH YOUR MICROTRANSACTIONS YA DUMB♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198093628135,Not Recommended,271590,32497953,Posted: 17 June,all,RMHQ,YOU DONE ♥♥♥♥ED UP
76561198011200728,Not Recommended,271590,32473492,Posted: 16 June,all,Sparkyninja,"I mean, do I truely need to explain why Take-2 are sacks of feaces?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32531508,Posted: 18 June,all,Cookie,They shut down Menyoo </3 I only played singleplayer and using those cheats is what made it fun. Might as well uninstall now.R.I.P Menyoo </3
,Not Recommended,271590,32988599,Posted: 29 June,all,TDuffin,"With friends, and accepting that modding won't be possible, it's a good game. I haven't experienced cheaters YET but that doesn't mean they don't exist. Be wary.Negative review due to the treatment Rockstar and TakeTwo have given the community. However you may still enjoy the game based on your personal tastes (like me) so make sure you're sure either way before buying or not buying."
,Not Recommended,271590,29871295,Posted: 12 February,all,AciD,Sure i know i got 2 vac ban but i didnt hack in GTA:O still i got 30 days ban after just 2 days playing the game. Alot of people are getting banned for no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥reason
,Not Recommended,271590,32709606,Posted: 23 June,all,Zexxi Bish,"I used to recommend this game to all my friends, hell I got a lot of my friends to buy it, but after this little stunt that rockstar and taketwo pulled, I don't think I nor a lot of my friends will be paying for another game by either of them. Make it illegal to mod our games and refuse to let us have fun in singleplayer after you refuse to continue singleplayer? That's ok, you have shot yourselves this time.Edit: I have tried to play the game today, only to find out that I could not due to being banned...for hacking and after later looking at the reviews have found out why, since Rockstar keeps closing my tickets, but this is the final straw to this blantant bullsh!t of a company and will never support them at all, banning people and erasing all their online progress due to someone else in a lobby hacking and not picking up or getting anything from them, yet still being banned. Great move again Rockstar. The community will kill you and your company some day, Hope you have a nice time screwing over the only people who help keep you alive, because the day is coming soon.♥♥♥♥ rockstar and ♥♥♥♥ TakeTwo....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32431027,Posted: 15 June,all,Snoipeh,"Yeah, the multiplayer is horrible, and take two are making some really terrible decisions"
76561198262785311,Not Recommended,271590,32483983,Posted: 16 June,all,sreejith994,"Don't buy , don't support Take two's anti modding policies ."
76561197998128504,Not Recommended,271590,32653023,Posted: 22 June,all,Mongolian Goose,"Unplayable in current state, online full of hackers with the slowest servers on the planet."
,Not Recommended,271590,32658026,Posted: 22 June,all,~n00bz~,Attacking modding software that most likely added to the sales of almost every GTA title within 10 years?? LAME AS F &*^    I will never buy a title from the publisher/dev again. PEACE OUT F &^ ker's
,Not Recommended,271590,32449179,Posted: 15 June,all,Tox,"It's a solid game but I cannot give them a positive review when they ban modding, something that does not hinder a game but greatly increases its life span (looking at you, every Bethesda RPG)."
,Recommended,271590,24434113,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Marginal,"To be honest, I say this game is great, IF you can run it. I'd say a rx 480 + i5 should work fine. The singleplayer is great, fun storyline is twists and turns. The multiplayer is horrible without friends. Try finding a group of people to play with. There are way too many hackers in the game, and people on killing sprees make it trash without friends."
76561198111270872,Not Recommended,271590,32541356,Posted: 18 June,all,SexyThot9000,go away t2
,Not Recommended,271590,32541373,Posted: 18 June,all,[VG] Wendel,Well done take two you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Not Recommended,271590,32456300,Posted: 15 June,all,climate change denier,i like♥♥♥♥
76561198017202938,Not Recommended,271590,32456315,Posted: 15 June,all,Connn911,"RIP OpenIVTake2 sucks, I dont recommend this game to anyone who."
,Not Recommended,271590,15352958,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,You'd be better off getting San Andreas for SA:MP than play GTA:O
,Recommended,271590,30292432,Posted: 3 March,all,Unamused Kayne,"Great addition to the GTA series. Stays true to the wacky ways of GTA while innovating on gameplay.The GoodI'd say the satirical radio shows/commercials are funnier than they've ever been in any GTA game. And luckily, our pal Lazlo, who dates back all the way to the GTA III days, is back and funnier than ever; as well as some new additional hilarious radio personalities. The voice acting for everything is great, the characters could look a bit more realistic when talking, because the lips seem to be out of sync, but everything else is flawless. The radio stations/ads sound legitimate as hell. I've never heard a commercial about an e-pen that works for vaping heroine sound so much like an actual commercial until I played this. And, of course, the soundtrack is great. Each station has its select number of genre hits that make switching between all the stations totally worth it. And what's even cooler is that they seem to update the soundtrack for each station every so often (At least from what I observe). I played the game on release day and went on a few year hiatus and bought it again for PC recently and can definitely say they've updated the soundtrack for better. Even some of the radio shows seem to have new dialogue. I'm not sure if this is something they do periodically or if it was strictly something they did for next gen consoles, but I'm hoping it's a periodic thing, because we all know how boring the stations get (and predictable).Customization is back and somewhat better than ever. For vehicles, definitely, for your character... meh. I dislike how tattoos are restricted to only certain areas, they should do a much more realistic take on it like they do on UFC 2 (random, I know, but in UFC 2 you can choose the tat, and literally put it anywhere on your body and from there, rotate it, shrink it, make it bigger, etc). Don't know why they don't already do this.Clothing selection has improved ten-fold from GTA IV, period. Only thing I could say is they should've implemented the whole getting fat/skinny/built system into the game for even more realistic customization.The map is HUGE and there are all different kinds of landscapes to traverse, with a variety of different vehicles to do it with. And just like how Red Dead Redemption pioneered random events/side missions depending on where you are on the map, GTA V has KIND OF expanded on it. There's not THAT much of a difference, honestly, but it's still great to stumble upon a group of hostiles that you are free to fire upon without repercussions.One of the greatest things about this game is the selection of vehicles. You can drive and operate A WIDE VARIETY of different vehicles. From bikes, to quads, bulldozers to golfcarts. Hell, I even recently figured out you can steal the huge 747s that are parked in the airports. And when you get into GTA Online, you have access to even more. Military vehicles, gag vehicles, stunt vehicles, etc.And speaking of GTA Online...The BadRight off the bat, loading times are abysmal. Some people say SSDs help, others say they do hardly anything. Either way, expect to have to wait a bit before getting into online. And, in addition to the terrible loading times, alt-tabbing seems to pause the loading which means you HAVE to sit there and watch the game load unless you want to wait longer for it to load. Then, if you do have to alt-tab for whatever reason, the game will take LONGER, and then (it may) eventually just give up with a 'Cannot connect to Rockstar servers' or something along those lines. And you know what it does when that happens? Hehehe, you bet! If it doesn't spit you back into single player (by the grace of God, you better pray it doesn't), it makes you wait ALL OVER AGAIN to enter another online lobby (if it doesn't send you back to single player, consider yourself lucky, seriously).Want to join a quick job? (this is what Rockstar calls the different multiplayer game modes)LOADING AGAIN! And then... the best part... unless it's a popular mode like Racing or TDM (which are pretty much the only popular ones), you get to keep waiting! Hooray! Because more than likely, no one is playing, so you have to sit there and wait for the matchmaking to do its thing (which it hardly does). A lot of the times, no one will want to join your game so your only choice is to abandon it and find a more popular game mode.I don't know if the game is dead or what, but all these fun activities that I read about in the stupid, never ending loading screens sound so damn fun, but no one's even playing them... Maybe because they're stuck on the loading screen reading about it only to rage quit after getting fed up with the load time (can relate).NOW, if you lucky fellers happen to find yourself actually inside a GTA Online lobby in a timely fashion, there's a WHOLE 'NOTHER can of worms on standby ready to rustle your jimmies into the next dimension. They're called modders. Or hackers, or cheaters, or FREAKING HACKING PIECES OF- *game crashes*.Yup. Nearly in every lobby, too. EVERY TIME I have played GTA Online, the lobby may be hacker free for, I don't know, 20-30 minutes, then suddenly you spontaneously explode a long with everyone else on the server (I'm not kidding).I don't know how in the Mary mother of God Rockstar let their client have this many vulnerabilities, but if there's a modder on your server, he is your God. And you are at his mercy. Literally, they can do almost anything they want, including crash your game (that '*game crashes*' wasn't just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and gigs). They can remove all your weapons and leave you weaponless, they can spontaneously kill everyone on the server, they can teleport to whomever they like and terrorize innocent players just trying to do missions, they can get attack choppers and blow you up with explosive rounds with percision seen only by the likes of a GOD DAMMED HACKER. Oh yeah, they can also have God Mode (you know, where they can't die no matter what). There's a lot of low-key hackers, too. They may not be blatantly spawning stuff and killing everyone on the server, but instead they'll just be using their aimbots and teleport to terrorize players. This literally actually happens to me everytime I play the game. Its actually what inspired me to write this review. At SOME POINT during my play time in GTA Online, I will encounter some SON OF A GUN that will refuse to leave me alone until I leave the server. And don't think about giving them any lip, either, 'cause they'll just send you to your desktop where you will angrily debate if you should go through the nightmare of loading it all over again (probably to meet the same fate as your last play through)And the best part? Rockstar doesn't give a double digit, motherjamming GOD DAMN about it. I reported this guy for multiple things one day, only for him to be put into MY lobby the very next day doing the SAME♥♥♥♥♥♥I reported him for the previous day. And as far as I know, this rampant hacking as been pretty much a nuisance since day one and to this DAY, nothing seems to be getting done about it. You'd think they'd be up in arms about players being able to remotely crash other players by abusing vulnerabilities in the client, but nope. They'd rather ban the guys that get free money drops from the hackers (the only good thing these hackers do) than go after the guys that have probably single-handedly destroyed the game and, ultimately, cost Rockstar a loss in potential revenue ('cause you can use real money to buy in-game money) BUT NO ONE'S BUYING THOSE SHARK CARDS BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE FED UP WITH THE LOADING TIMES BUNDLED WITH A LET-ME-CRASH-YOU-TO-DESKTOP DLC. ISN'T IT GREAT HOW MUCH EXTRA WAITING THAT DLC GIVES YOU? IT'S ALMOST LIKE MAX PAYNE 3 WITH THE UNSKIPPABLE CUTSCENES ALL OVER AGAIN, EXCEPT x9001.RECOMMEND SP.Do NOT recommend MP."
,Not Recommended,271590,33084138,Posted: 1 July,all,Robo Corpus,"I cannot, in its current state, reccomend this game. Attacks on mods = Don't buy."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434569,Posted: 15 June,all,These wings are fucking amazing,"Bought it once for the ps3 for $60, bought it again for the for $60 so i could mod it.Now Take 2 takes down the biggest modding tool since it's not making them any more money that they already got from the forth best selling game of all time that was released 3 times, and there were people that bought it those 3 times and Take 2 states that they aren't getting enough money from it.Thank you Take 2, now go plague up this games terrible online mode with more micro transanctions why don't you."
76561198096297352,Not Recommended,271590,32456309,Posted: 15 June,all,azzarxz,Gta V just become a game to make money...... Thats the Rockstar objectiv and no fun to players
,Recommended,271590,19632078,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Shrek Wazowski,:D =nice gamenice contentcar modification <3lowridersweaponsnew content continuouslyyour character could be a horrible monsterrockstar help me I cant stop playing thisD:< =not optimized at allcheaters pl0x stop killing mesome things are really expensive#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorMe
76561197978414274,Not Recommended,271590,32535241,Posted: 18 June,all,omrikatz12,Bad bad bad.
,Not Recommended,271590,32600710,Posted: 20 June,all,Detox,"After Take Two effectively killed off modding for this game there's not much reason to buy it, also the built-in multiplayer is garbage. Don't give these cucks any of your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,28544165,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Blackhawks,"I am going to keep this short.- I played single player for a bit, It was great.- Multiplayer i wanted so bad to get into , But due to so many hackers i couldn't so i quit.- WAITED for awhile to see if it would be fixed......- Came back probably a year later. Still hackers are running around with no problem... Hackers playground.- If you buy for Multiplayer you will deeply regret it.- In short, Singleplayer so far was fun... But I cannot fully experience what i bought so therefor i will give it a thumbs down cause Rockstar turns a blind eye to every GTA that has come out when hackers run rampid even though every year i hope they decide to actually take action."
,Not Recommended,271590,29865577,Posted: 11 February,all,MiNXiiMØV,Noob ban system
,Not Recommended,271590,32466270,Posted: 16 June,all,[OR] Techen,"Avoid this game, Removing mods and increasing cash grab 0/10"
76561197990941561,Not Recommended,271590,26450766,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Мя.Вяощп [FIN],I would recommend the game if i didn't get banned for no reason
,Not Recommended,271590,30000555,Posted: 17 February,all,averyasher,"I loved playing this game. I have been playing for months. I took about a month and a half long break for personal reasons and I came back to a message saying ""you have been banned and everything will be wiped. You can come back on ""this date"" and start over."" Now this is honestly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I didn't do anything wrong and I called tech support. They said ""it is automated and something must have happened. You must have hacked."" (Which I didn't). So I am now back in and lost months of work. This company is terrible, don't bother buying their games. If I would have spent real money on in game items, I would be more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyways rant over."
,Not Recommended,271590,32540342,Posted: 18 June,all,Olympietic,Take Two screwed it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32551793,Posted: 18 June,all,omar_uav,welcome to steal your money Vwant to buy a bunker just a  bunker thats 5km away? pay 1.5Mwant to unlock workshop to upgrade your vehicles? pay 2Mwant to upgrade your vehicles ? wait for research of 5 in game hoursfinally got the upgrade after grinding 2 days it will need another 100kat last lost all your money for just upgrading a single vehicleUPDATE:lost my APC which costs 3 MILLION and rockstar answered me you dont have a prove
76561198116642419,Not Recommended,271590,32473006,Posted: 16 June,all,PickleBoy,baught it for mods in singleplayerdevs only care about multiplayer
,Not Recommended,271590,18669775,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,fallingbed,As a Gta 5 Youtuber That needs mods to make them I am hating those Two Whatever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e r s  For taking away Open IV from us.Not to mention that Online is insanely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now because all there is are piles and piles of new cars and wierd missions and features being added that require a butt load of in game money to buy and opererate and the only way to truly get the money in-game is to grind for so many hours or just buy shark cards (Which Rockstar wants xD)Single Player - GoodOnline - Badlol k
,Not Recommended,271590,32444660,Posted: 15 June,all,Nighthawk,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you Take 2 and all of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Way to kill an entire community based on greed."
76561198026463849,Not Recommended,271590,32532292,Posted: 18 June,all,Banthor,Took a great concept and♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it with microtransactions. Enjoy grinding the same heist over and over if you want to try out anything new. They just want you to buy shark cards
76561198084322831,Not Recommended,271590,32569339,Posted: 19 June,all,Kasai,"Saw that there was role playing servers, and other mods and finally decided to buy this game. Few weeks later gta mods banned."
,Not Recommended,271590,32530993,Posted: 18 June,all,Ol1White,"Why does rockstar have to be so horrible towards mods which make this game so great? They make no effort to come to mutual agreements with modders and alienate their playerbase, including me."
76561198062833788,Not Recommended,271590,32563598,Posted: 19 June,all,Nickzouk,RIP OpenIV.
76561198147543079,Not Recommended,271590,32543817,Posted: 18 June,all,Moist,"♥♥♥♥ You Take Two...................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,16592602,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Evyalectric,Realeasing  Gta v to the pc after 3 years after realeasing to the consolos... And now this? Rockstar you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,271590,33063856,Posted: 30 June,all,techn1ciaN-A1-,"The sale might make it seem appealing, but nothing excuses Take2 destroying years of modders' hard work because they can't personally profit from it. I always thought that this game was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on a few points, including but not limited to the terrible execution of Online, the generally awful PC port (as well as the heavily delayed release), and the absurd Shark Card mechanic, but this really pushes it over the edge.This is a great game and probably the best open world shooter I've played, I will happily say that, but Take2 is unabashedly neglectful of their entire PC community and completely unwilling to fix blatant issues that we've been complaining about since day 1 - and now that they're not only continuing to do that but also actively creating new issues, I can no longer recommend this game in good faith."
76561198098066763,Not Recommended,271590,32427462,Posted: 15 June,all,Pools Closed,"This game, while a great experiance in singlpayer, has been ruined by Take2 pushing microtransactions online. Mods are the reason I brought this game, take that way for the main single player mod, you take away hours of gameplay. If you enjoy mods, do not fund this game."
76561197997257162,Not Recommended,271590,32561812,Posted: 19 June,all,CHIN CHIN!,"awfully broken game. Full with hackers, and ontop of all rockstar doesnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also they do not allow for mods, Nor do they honestly care for their customers. IF they just allowed mods, Then this would surely be number 1 game on PC all days of the week.Hopefully gta 6 fixes this. If they dont then i wouldnt mind if they just made the game console exlclusive, I got better things, and most importantly better games to waste my time on."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427483,Posted: 15 June,all,Coldes,The latest modding news combined with  the extremly expensive online mode and the fact that one of the executives has said they could monetize every player even more is just sad. Why is TakeTwo trying to first milk every online player of all their money then♥♥♥♥♥♥them off by removing mods?
76561198119500718,Not Recommended,271590,32828124,Posted: 26 June,all,✠Collective-Nationalist☭,"Rockstar has lost all my respect, even from the beginning it's ♥♥♥♥ed up that you have to either grind your♥♥♥♥♥off just to get anything since it's x20 more expensive in multiplayer, you could buy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shark cards, I don't know about everyone else, but a game you already pay $60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars to get shouldn't have it's online mode plagued by micro-transactions for currency, theres not even a point in the free online DLC if the only two types of people that has the stuff is people with trainers or some rich♥♥♥♥♥little kid using his dad's money, so its no wonder that people mod the game. You wanna make money Rockstar and Take Two? Then make a single player DLC as good as EFLC was! I would pay another $60 for something that good, and RS could still have some respect! I've played the GTA series since GTA 3, and its sad to see a good game series I loved growing up go down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like this. Until things are right neither RS or TT should expect another penny outta me, and i'm sure other long time fans feel the same way!"
76561198165874198,Recommended,271590,17386278,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,PCGameplayZ,"The best! Simply ...the ♥♥♥♥ing best of them all. Name me one game that can be as brilliant as GTAV.. Rockstar not only did an amazing job building an awesome PC version, but they innovated so much. Just speechless.. I've enjoyed this game so much I can't even describe. And the fact is.. I know I'm gonna playing it for 5 years to come.. I'm sure :DFOR ALL YOU GUYS ♥♥♥♥♥ING ABOUT THE SALE PRICE's:You serious? Yeah it was stupid from them and kinda uncalled for.. but wtf is wrong with you guys? You're voting down a whole game just 'cause of that..? that's ♥♥♥♥ing totally irrelevant to whether or not this game is worth buying or not.. talk about maturity here.."
,Recommended,271590,17844140,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Zaltoman,"needs more hackers,2/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32433780,Posted: 15 June,all,ScaryGoodEthan,Don't ♥♥♥♥ with our mods. Modding is the only reason SO MANY people bought the PC version of GTA 5. Don't bother getting this game if you wanna mod.Feel free to get it if you want to waste money on microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,271590,32535236,Posted: 18 June,all,Carnifekt,No SP DLC as promised :(Because of Shark Cards?Because of Shark Cards.Great mod support too guys A* o wait.
,Not Recommended,271590,16094311,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,booney,Banning mods?r u fukn kidding me.i ♥♥♥♥ing hate all jews now rockstar. THANKS
,Not Recommended,271590,32564694,Posted: 19 June,all,itsHyricΛn',NO MODS = GG.
76561198022136416,Not Recommended,271590,32635681,Posted: 21 June,all,XenoAlbedo,When your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices and corporate shenanigans make your game drop from Overwhelmingly/Very Positive to Overwhelmingly Negative and Mixed.
,Not Recommended,271590,17177374,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,rb - free trips to ADX florence,"Take Two pretty much killed modding by sending a C&D to openIV, which was the only modding tool for not only GTA 5, but other older GTA games.Basically, this game series is now doomed to die along with the rest of these game series unless an alternate modding tool exists. (but even if, dont give Take Two your money) --BioShock seriesBorderlands seriesCivilization seriesMafia seriesMax Payne seriesMidnight Club seriesMLB 2K seriesNBA 2K seriesRed Dead seriesWWE 2K seriesXCOM series-Basically, GTA online is an elaborate scam, spend your 60$ somewhere else. ♥♥♥♥ Take Two and ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar for kissing their♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32566338,Posted: 19 June,all,Ganzu,"Why no modding?Because ♥♥♥♥ you, that's why!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32438907,Posted: 15 June,all,KITTY KITTY KAT,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198168177143,Not Recommended,271590,32921703,Posted: 28 June,all,syamsul.farizz,that move with OpenIV is a total♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32534653,Posted: 18 June,all,恋人 Elizatrap! ~~ <*^-^*>,"stop ♥♥♥♥ing up modding and pushing your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ micro transactions, you have such a fun and amazing game and you're ♥♥♥♥ing it up."
,Not Recommended,271590,32535278,Posted: 18 June,all,[BC™]Christian Brutal Sniper,"Expensive content will make you grind for hours and some a-hole with modded money will buy mk2 explosive rounds and kill you nonstop while youre doing your ceo work very fun.This game was fun when everything was simple times when the fastest car was adder and people did missions without being a-holes.Not mentioning poor rockstart support accusing players for modding money while youre playing your normal game but a modder gives cash to everyone on the server and you get accused by it resulting your legit cash removed also haha!Dont even get me started on the TAKE 2 MOD DISABLE stuff its just pure cancer and killing of the creative communityI guess all the matters for the rockstar is ""little kids who take their moms credit card and buys megaloon shark cards for new dlc content"""
,Not Recommended,271590,32534698,Posted: 18 June,all,seri 「セリ」,"banning multiplayer modding because you want to make more money - sad, but okbanning singleplayer modding for nothing is just a scum move."
,Not Recommended,271590,32482134,Posted: 16 June,all,Digmin3,"No mods, no positives."
,Not Recommended,271590,32459768,Posted: 15 June,all,Hoetaku,"Awful game. Port is decent, works pretty well, but other than that I can't say I recommend this game.The multiplayer, while a great concept, is also very poorly designed in that it is a huge grindfest. You're looking at several thousands hours of your time to get a sizeable car collection and the likes.Also, so they don't know who's a hacker and who's not, they're banning and stealing money away from legitimate players, and even those who bought shark cards. No reason to buy this game."
76561198069300283,Not Recommended,271590,32999662,Posted: 29 June,all,Spoonbill Wallace,WTF is this online nintendo?
,Not Recommended,271590,32626226,Posted: 21 June,all,Agnes Washington,I'm not giving a negative review about its general gameplay etc. It's because they forced to stop supporting mods.And im gonna copy this from a friend that i also agree with;Crab Man: do not ♥♥♥♥ with our mods mate
76561198129730717,Not Recommended,271590,33472785,Posted: 11 July,all,CarNag3,"The game is fine, its how gun running works, when you save up enough in your bunker or you have about $450000 in stock like I did, it doesn't base how many vehicles like it does with warehouse opperations on how many players you have in your company, it just gives you about 5-6 cars to go to different locations.Now dumb part is, is that when you supply the bunker you get 30 minutes to get the supplys from one place to the other, you get 15 minutes to srop off 20 shipments which is not possible unless you have about 4 different people in your company which is hard to do without friends that play GTA in it self.But the worse part of it all, is that you get none of the weapons back, you get the money for the weapons you sold but you dont get to keep the ones you didnt sell even though they are right outside the bunker to begin with.The way the gunrunning update works IMO needs to be fixed, Rockstar needs to make the amount of cars needed based on the amount inside the company and give more time than 15 minutes, especially if you are delivering in los santos."
,Not Recommended,271590,26480621,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Pigeon_Man,"EDIT 6/15/17: Really Take Two? First you leave those of us that dispise the online mode of your ♥♥♥♥ed up game in the dust. Then you take away the mods that make my game actually fun? ♥♥♥♥ off. UNINSTALLED. Thanks for the 70 somewhat gigs back. Never will I reccomend this game again.TL;DR: If you really really want this game, and I do highly reccomend the single player story, wait for a sale. This title goes down to 50% or less from time to time, nab it then.Ask me a year or two ago if I recommend this game and I would have told you yes a hundred times, but now... I just can't. First off the story is truly great, I felt like I was playing an old (PS2) GTA again. However, now all I see is Rockstar begging for money through microtransactions. Since an update, IDK how long ago, when cars began being added to online but not the single player, they've all but abandoned already, I started to lose faith. It makes me feel like I'm missing out on part of the game for no reason, why can't we have those cars in story mode exactly? ...Money that's why.I refuse to play online, I played for a short while and the community is garbage, and Rockstar seems not to care. I can go through these reviews and see plenty of other people that can't stand the thousands of ""Treavors"" the run around Los Santos and just poison the experience. But all Rockstar cares about now is the  online mode and their precious Shark cards that they know spoiled children will get their parents to buy time and time again. Microtransactions are ruining our favorite games. This needs to stop.I'd also like to see more support for those that mod the story mode as well (making the ""online only"" cars despawn if you use a trainer to enjoy them locally, really Rockstar, really???). On top of it all, if you look at the older titles (Vice City, GTA3) and you look at the reviews you'll see how Rockstar neglects their classic games. For example, it's a lottery if GTA3 will work for you. There are games older than those by other developers that still get updates. Shame Rockstar doesn't care."
,Not Recommended,271590,29472063,Posted: 24 January,all,DoniRoux,"Single player is nice, but I bought this to play online with my friends. I put over 140 hours in to progression, was nearly level 100 and had built myself a nice collection of cars with two houses.... And then I made the mistake of loading up gamecaster to show a friend some of the biker expansion over a stream. I was banned for 30 days by the next time I tried to log in. and my entire account was wiped. I never cheated in this game, earned everything legitimately through their own currency selling system or doing missions and hiest, and I still lost everything. The whole reason I bought the game and all of the money I spent on buying shark cards robbed from me and I cannot even make an attempt to dispute it. No Exceptions.There was a clear issue with modders, hackers and exploitation in the online mode, and it needed to be delt with but they completely jumped the bar in how they went about it. This new hard-nosed, no exceptions policy of Rockstar's is so toxic, it is not just hurting the real cheater but their legitimate dedicated players as well. The fact that their automatic detection methods are so loosely tuned that they are triggering false flags makes this approch even more rediculous.  Who thought this was good for the community?It is a game ruiner to know that all of your progression can be wiped in an instant by something so trivial and common in PC gaming like a steamer overlay or a key binding profiler. For that I can NOT recommend this game for anyone who is interested in the online play. Just look how many people this is happening to, it is not worth the risk as long as this policy remains."
76561198099591329,Not Recommended,271590,32573607,Posted: 19 June,all,mehrdad.c9,no mods= no game
,Not Recommended,271590,32441160,Posted: 15 June,all,TDC-Blitzkitteh,Greedy Take Two killed the mods that were keeping this game alive.
,Not Recommended,271590,32538456,Posted: 18 June,all,ReddyB,.
76561198083402384,Not Recommended,271590,32538471,Posted: 18 June,all,Quim Huffle Muff,Shoutout to the mod ban.
,Not Recommended,271590,26343531,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,╲⎝⧹╲⎝⧹ketcham1009⧸⎠╱⧸⎠╱,"single player is ok, multiplayer is meh.Mods prety much saved this game, without them this game is trash."
76561198282366320,Not Recommended,271590,33576698,Posted: 15 July,all,_TLR_,"GTA 5's storymode is good it have a really good story, but online it suck, there are lots of people try to make you mad and cry, and being rich at online is just grinding forever or pay an unreasonable real money to buy shark cards.So over all it suck"
,Not Recommended,271590,34043186,Posted: 5 August,all,M3ATPL0W,You guys at rockstar are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198140983906,Not Recommended,271590,34047333,Posted: 5 August,all,K1LL3RxP3NGU1N,extreme loading and money doesnt really get you anywhere.. big dissapointment.. not only that but they clearly dont care because its been this way for about a year now
76561198252259504,Not Recommended,271590,33485530,Posted: 12 July,all,Xarreon,"I bought this game to play online with my friend, but GTA online sucks. I only met cheaters, spawncampers and just other players that had way better equipment than me (my friend too). I can't recommend the multiplayer to anyone and that was the main reason why I bought this game. My bro also told me that the game modes are good and I hated them. The spawnsystem is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the gunplay doesn't feel good in my opinion. I'll go with watch dogs, it doesn't have that many opportunities, but also no microtransactions"
,Not Recommended,271590,32722403,Posted: 24 June,all,Amio 暴,"Single-player is good, but has been completely neglected in favor of half-baked updates to Online, which is a poorly made, insecure crapfest full of angsty kids. After introducing the blatant low-effort cash grab that is ""shark cards"", Take2 has started aggressively lawyer-slapping third party modifications, which have historically been an important part of the series.Online gameplay is full of bugs, glitches, shoddy infrastructure, interminable loading screens, and people who have been grinding for years and now have nothing left to do but use their overpowered weapons and vehicles to troll other players.It makes me sad to know that we will probably never see another decent multiplayer in this series, the last of which was MTA for GTA:SA."
76561198126551098,Not Recommended,271590,29878852,Posted: 12 February,all,Sergeant Sandwich,"500 hours sunk in to the game, then I'm banned from online PERMANENTLY for doing absolutely jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thanks a billion R*."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427588,Posted: 15 June,all,Zensras,"I will no longer support Rockstar nor Take-Two Interactive's idiotic♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore.  It's obvious that Take-Two is solely focused on pumping out as much money as they can from Grand Theft Auto Online to the point that they are willing to throw the community under the bus in the sake of profits.ELI5 for those who are reading this and are unsure why a stem of negative reviews:  People have been on the breaking point with T2/Rockstar for months now.   Promises of Story DLC that never came.   A Multiplayer that forces people to grind for months with the carrot-on-the-stick ""Sharkcards"", Which is nothing more than ingame cash PAID WITH REAL ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY.The line was crossed when the main form of modding for several GTA games, OpenIV got a cease&desist order from TAKE-♥♥♥♥ING-TWO.  Rockstar in the past has actually embraced modding, but Take-Two is scared of it.  Scared that these people can actually create content for free without a ♥♥♥♥ing carrot.But before you go, ""But, Zensras! It created a hacker/cheater problem in GTA:O"":  It did not.  That problem lies with people creating trainers build for online using an external injector in places like Sev7enSin and other places."
76561198061012188,Not Recommended,271590,32533653,Posted: 18 June,all,mbarwick_55,"Online was ruined by modders, instead of tackling the online modding issue they just banned all mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32577631,Posted: 19 June,all,๖ۣۜKαиα๖ۣNυgєттι,♥♥♥♥ take2
,Not Recommended,271590,32664748,Posted: 22 June,all,Blazedd,Intentionally killed mod support. Pure greed.
76561198018547437,Not Recommended,271590,23410976,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,McGaZ,"GTA V single player is a whole lot of fun!However GTA Online... is completely unbearable!!!!! GTA Loading Screen.The loading screen times are so ridiculously long you will hate life.The game has SO much promise, playing online was great until you came across a loading screen... and that wouldn't take long.If you didn't have friends on, doing anything with anyone random is worse than the loading screen problem...Half of them are halfwits, and the other half are so impatient with wooden PCs that when trying to enter a group heist etc. you would face 10 loading screens because they would just leave after entering, or fail the mission with stupidity and cause more loading screens. Only worth it with friends because you try harder and plan.Rockstar, you had an absolute gem in your hands... and you messed it up.Apparently, all the loading problems were on rockstars side... even after ""fixing"" it; it still takes way too long, it's outrageously stupid how long it takes...Due to all of this, I recommend GTA Online to be skipped, it’s just not worth it, even though it is an insanely good game and so much fun is to be had with friends or competent gamers.If you love the GTAs, then the Online will break your heart, because its so good but completely unplayable."
,Not Recommended,271590,32461593,Posted: 15 June,all,[TDG] R2D2,"They have removed OpenIV basically killing modding, Not worth it anymore..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32465149,Posted: 15 June,all,Gremblo™,Y'all ♥♥♥♥in trash for openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,32463758,Posted: 15 June,all,Eurmal,"Screw the anti-consumer, anti-modder, and anti-user practices that have recently infected this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32436138,Posted: 15 June,all,[ERNT] MOTOCRAB,"With regard to the recent decision regarding modding and the♥♥♥♥♥♥online service, get ♥♥♥♥ed Rockstar and Take Two"
,Not Recommended,271590,32833909,Posted: 26 June,all,Dann Willis,They can't ban you on Online for no reason if you don't play Online in the first place.
,Not Recommended,271590,32531838,Posted: 18 June,all,Fotten,RIP OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,15392629,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Featherine,#TeamOpenIVhttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,15681238,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mark447,"Greedy corporate scumbags, don't waste your money,"
,Not Recommended,271590,32434976,Posted: 15 June,all,DocBerry,"Modding is no longer allowed in GTA V, so I will not recommend any TakeTwo or Rockstar content until they realise what they done."
76561197973039082,Not Recommended,271590,32804693,Posted: 26 June,all,n0k0m,"Online multiplayer is totally unplayable, full of cheaters destroying every bit of the fun. Marketing should say: unprotected multiplayer, please avoid at all cost ... I couldn't even refund the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32499810,Posted: 17 June,all,Truri,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys."
,Not Recommended,271590,32549722,Posted: 18 June,all,semper.fly,Stare into the maw of the erosion of your right to repair and the ever-advancing creep of terms of service dictating how you can use what you own. 1/10 would play with mods and then never play again. Please don't ruin Kerbal too.
,Not Recommended,271590,19037369,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,joegibson0,"1: The insane need for constant persistent online use when all I care about is single player, not multiplayer2: Rockstar pretty much told me in several emails that they did this to prevent piracy, FAT CHANCE ON THAT GRANDPA!3: I spent sixty bucks plus tax on this as i figure it would be just like GTA 4, off line activation, no need to be online to play the damn game but...I need the connection as they tell me, the game checks the files, and the license key and the serial and the account to make sure everything is five by five. it does not matter if you quit the game or start it up, it will check it upon every SINGLE time you use the PC version of GTA V. They told me that there is no work around to off line activation and that they never will come up with one. Fine. But this will be the FINAL future Grand Theft Auto game I purchase and will install GTA IV and EFLC and put my mods back in and enjoy it...even though I played it over 150 times."
76561198128030638,Not Recommended,271590,19461865,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sof1FoisOChalet,the online mode is full of modder and hacker..hate it.. wish i nerver bought it
76561198034334908,Not Recommended,271590,32558852,Posted: 18 June,all,Maxxy,Unacceptable
,Not Recommended,271590,19291398,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Tazclap,"half the people in this garbage game hack, the gameplay is horrible everyone has 384723984239842398$. unless you want to hack yourself, i dont recommend this trash can game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32551927,Posted: 18 June,all,BigGuy,Wow great job!
76561198106475336,Not Recommended,271590,32547064,Posted: 18 June,all,Ginger,Don't buy this game until they allow modding again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32577639,Posted: 19 June,all,TweakyPower,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥developers.
,Not Recommended,271590,28543642,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,misdirection09,"best game, period. offline and online, i dont even mind if they double the price of those in-game goodies (that you purchse  in-game with gta $ )sadly that is true, only if no hackers online,but  so far rockstar is not serious about removing those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they should ban people every day,  and since these resentment outweighs the love... so red downthumb is inevitable..why on earth they cant make like autonomus program in their fantastic games to ban people as the use that game breaking mods cheats whatevs..."
,Not Recommended,271590,23122691,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NEEKALAS,"As good as the game could be. It'll never reach it's full potential. Due to the illegitimate players per lobby. I am not the type of player to pull the ""they're a hacker"" card, but this game has the worst of it's kind. From God-mode users to modders that have the lobby set to have every player explode the instant you spawn I've never seen such an array of cheating in my whole life and this is in just one game. My main problem with all of this is the type of modders on this game are for the most part the kind that obstruct your ability to play the game entirely. Between the 10 minute wait time to get the game started to the modder that turns all players into snowmen (this actually happens) for 35 minutes. You have already wasted 45 minutes accomplishing nothing. As if games don't already have that effect to begin with. The game itself is one big waste of time.Don't think that Rockstar will do anything to fix it either. This game is going on 3 years of age now and there still hasn't been a thing done to fix this issue. It's not going to change for the better. It can only get worse. Don't buy it on steam and don't buy it off of Gee2A. No matter how much money you saved from buying it off of Gee2A. You will be wasting both your time & your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32551840,Posted: 18 June,all,ksa666,"Shame on you, Take-Two Interactivealso havent used any mods  but i  wont support this game again untill they change there mind"
,Not Recommended,271590,32426552,Posted: 14 June,all,Gray,"♥♥♥♥ TAKE-TWO FOR THIS, THEY RUINED A GREAT PLATFORM! ♥♥♥♥ them."
,Recommended,271590,33139019,Posted: 2 July,all,Ahri,I was playing as a dinosaur wearing bullet resistant armour while gunning drug dealers down with an LMG while listening to Firework by Katy Perry [was using spotify for music instead of ingame radio]10/10 would show 'em what you're worth again
,Not Recommended,271590,32426555,Posted: 14 June,all,[DNG]BootSpoon,We need to keep modding alive.
76561198088815236,Not Recommended,271590,32426574,Posted: 14 June,all,Fatniss,Removing modding for single player2K why must you do this why must you feed your throbing boner for microtrasactions in gta online
,Not Recommended,271590,32433776,Posted: 15 June,all,pacificpacman,Take two removing the abilty to mod gta5 is an huge slap in the face to their pc player base;this is not getting unnoticed.
,Not Recommended,271590,15690575,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Sam Hatley,Take-Two are knobheads.
,Not Recommended,271590,32431323,Posted: 15 June,all,AlexanderNob,"Modding makes♥♥♥♥♥♥games slightly better, GTA 5 for example"
,Not Recommended,271590,32475574,Posted: 16 June,all,frog man,"You really have to get rid of singleplayer modding? As  ahuge development team and game company you're probably making a big mistake, espicially for PC. Modding is one of the biggest things in the PC community, taking that support away from your game is a very risky move."
76561198116415975,Not Recommended,271590,32494277,Posted: 16 June,all,roblox1harry,For the mods
76561198090337379,Not Recommended,271590,32424698,Posted: 14 June,all,NessMess | SuperiorServers.co,"Take Two - stop trying to ruin peoples fun...If you really want to run this game down the toilet? What did the mods assault someone in your family? Modding is what keeps the games living longer, Screw you and your microtransaction bullsh**"
,Not Recommended,271590,32425157,Posted: 14 June,all,TheCheeseBuffalo,"they have implemented 'no modding' to SINGLE PLAYER ♥♥♥♥ing single player. just so they get EVEN MORE money than they already have by making us use micro-transactions in the multiplayer. until this is fixed, i am uninstalling this game and leaving it for dead. for all th people trying to defend what they have done, ♥♥♥♥ off.-thecheesebuffalo"
,Not Recommended,271590,32426568,Posted: 14 June,all,߷ SpookMinds ߷,Great for mods. Kappa.
,Not Recommended,271590,32461694,Posted: 15 June,all,Intergalactic Dragon Stripper,"GTA is one of my favorite franchises. Ive sunk a couple hundred hours into this, and the single player story is great.But the story only lasts so long and the best part of GTA has always been ♥♥♥♥ing around afterward, probably with ridiculous mods.But now they ♥♥♥♥ed modding, so theres not much reason left to have it other than a time killer for when I'm trying to download other games. The online has sucked from day one, and isnt worth a damn. And they make no updates to the single player to make it interesting at all. Don't buy it until they un♥♥♥♥ themselves or Take 2 takes a dirt nap."
,Not Recommended,271590,32475276,Posted: 16 June,all,Trivia,how to get horrible reviews simulator
,Not Recommended,271590,32636908,Posted: 22 June,all,Kyo |,"Take two (and Rockstar) deciding to ban modding without just cause is enough to be significantly disappointed with them, if this attitude was revealed before I purchased I would not have done so, it's hard to have any desire to support these sort of anti-consumer business practices."
76561198210081033,Not Recommended,271590,32474733,Posted: 16 June,all,Apfelsaft,top 3 steam games right know:1. dota - WC3 MOD2. CS - HL MOD3. PUBG - ARMA 2 MOD (Battle Royale)all those 3 games started as a modificationdont fight mods - support them !
,Not Recommended,271590,32789859,Posted: 25 June,all,Wyn,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s dude. Take Two ♥♥♥♥ing ruined a good game in my opinion. It was good about a year ago but now its trash.
76561198271936326,Not Recommended,271590,32475252,Posted: 16 June,all,ninja4nerd,Attack the single player modding community to move people to online to buy your ridiculous shark cards because you arnt making enough off your players.
76561198061279392,Not Recommended,271590,32520461,Posted: 17 June,all,RAW_Clouds,whats the point in buying this game on pc if we can no longer playwith mods in single player....
,Not Recommended,271590,32421120,Posted: 14 June,all,yee,Take 2 are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561198102983726,Not Recommended,271590,32475525,Posted: 16 June,all,cutleroc,"OpenIV did nothing but make GTA more fun and enjoyable, Take Two is a joke and hopefully they get hit where it hurts them most - in their pocket"
76561198142657460,Not Recommended,271590,32789898,Posted: 25 June,all,LackLusterSandMan,The game is good but it gets boring after a while. The only thing that interested me in the game after I finished was mods but now the dumbasses at TAKE TWO made modding illegal. So ♥♥♥♥ them I guess they took a child on life support (life support being the mods)  and threw the life support and the child out the window.
76561198138270796,Not Recommended,271590,32460877,Posted: 15 June,all,josephmchugh1997,"If I could refund this game, I would. There is a complete lack of respect for the playerbase and the communities who support this game. They keep the game interesting without dumping inordinate amounts of cash into multiplayer, which is take 2's only interest. At some point the players interest was completely discarded, and the lure of money and mircotransactions set the future direction for the company. From a Corporate perspective this is great, and if I was a shareholder I would be overjoyed. As a consumer of your product I'm both disgusted and disappointed in the direction take 2 has went. I don't think you will have to worry about further bad reviews from me, since I won't be buying another product associated with this mess."
76561198057137961,Not Recommended,271590,32520488,Posted: 17 June,all,pujklo,garbage company is garbage
,Not Recommended,271590,32429857,Posted: 15 June,all,Nms,Greed ruins another game
,Not Recommended,271590,32430912,Posted: 15 June,all,Dragon 龙,OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32540068,Posted: 18 June,all,Desig,.
76561198059023159,Not Recommended,271590,32425164,Posted: 14 June,all,DangerLVLWalnut,"The online is the only thing ""updating"" anymore; just to encourage you to buy more in game currency. plus cheaters run rampant and can get your account banned by dumping large amouts of in game currency on you.This game isn't worth the 70 gigs of space it takes up on my hard drive."
,Not Recommended,271590,32446197,Posted: 15 June,all,RadioActiveLobster,♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two.
76561198088723870,Not Recommended,271590,32463755,Posted: 15 June,all,Sonic Kurosaki,"On behalf of the team behind OpenIV, I would like to urge you not to buy this game. Modding is why most people wanted a PC release in the first place, and to have TakeTwo suddenly decide that they don't support the modding community and hitting the creators with a cease and desist sounds like something Nintendo would do. Do not support this game until OpenIV is back online and it's creators are allowed to operate without the fear that they won't be sued into oblivion"
,Not Recommended,271590,32494288,Posted: 16 June,all,VanityOverdose,"Been playing GTA V Online pretty often since 2015. Amazing game. Today when I logged in, the game posted a message about not cheating (I never have) and then I saw the news about Take Two threatening a modder with legal action. So instead of fixing their network protocol to disable cheating, Rockstar & Take Two decided to threaten the community.I don't plan on coming back."
76561198233156932,Not Recommended,271590,32494237,Posted: 16 June,all,fatemaster92k,"I love the story line of GTA, and at first I was going to play online.  But I soon found most things are way too expensive and it would take weeks for me to grind up which I don't want to.  I got into LSPDFR and modding gameplay and found the endless possibilities of gameplay in GTA.  It was the best 60 dollar I spend in a long time.  I was going to buy GTA 4 and its expansions, but that changed when Take 2 and Rockstar killed OpenIv.  I found myself not wanting to play GTA anymore and going to play game like League of Legend or Star war battlefront"
,Not Recommended,271590,32463766,Posted: 15 June,all,Fumbles,Yea - another company that doesn't care about a loyal player base and seeks to make money out of a game that they already slowly released. Not gonna be buying any rockstar game until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
76561198059410176,Not Recommended,271590,32428900,Posted: 15 June,all,Wilald,"Welcome back to another leeegit game review, Today we are reviewing GTA V. A game with a solid single player campaign that I loved and the multiplayer I would expect from a free to play game. Riddled with pay to win/play/breathe. Recently they killed the biggest base modding tool around. Swiftly putting an end to the future of this game once Rock Star and the other dev's moves on."
76561198111909718,Not Recommended,271590,32430710,Posted: 15 June,all,★Dennis the Emu★,WTF WHY BAN MODDING
,Not Recommended,271590,32544520,Posted: 18 June,all,NyxCrab,Take Two have essentially banned modding for single player and turned multiplayer into a grindfest that rivals most F2P mmo's. Don't even bother anymore.
,Not Recommended,271590,32586455,Posted: 20 June,all,MCROSKAVÄKILAUKKU,Mods keep this game interesting. Nobody wants to play the vanilla for years.
,Not Recommended,271590,32586435,Posted: 20 June,all,Retarded Ass Faggot,Bring back OpenIV
,Recommended,271590,15389091,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ghozt,"Maybe pre-ordering a triple A game isnt so bad after allI haven't tested the story out too much (Just unlocked Michael), but me and my 2 friends spent about 16 hours on release day on GTA Online. let me rephrase that. 16/24=0.66. We spent 2/3 of the day playing this game with small breaks. So ♥♥♥♥ing fun. I play on minimum settings because my Card is old (radeon 7850) but the game looks gorgeous and runs 60fps consistently still."
,Not Recommended,271590,17481583,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Yohjier than ur Yamamoto,"GTA:Online is a mess, a bloated proprietary money making sinkhole of a mess! Single Player may be good, but I would not reccomend supporting Rockstar's no fun policy.On Sunday 9th of August, all the developers and affiliated members of FiveM, an alternative to Rockstar's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ peer-to-peer servers (cause they're too cheap to get some proper dedicated servers), got banned from the game for supporting the modding community. Crews directly associated with FiveM were also banned. FiveM is a similar project to San Andreas Multiplayer or Multi Theft Auto for GTA IV, if you have heard of that, with dedicated servers, mod support and a whole ton of fun stuff. Rockstar are scared that with FiveM servers, no one would play on their broken peer-to-peer GTA Online servers and buy their stupidly overpriced Shark Cards.Without FiveM's future, we'll continue to see uncontrollable script-users online, terrible server connection issues, and very limited access to the content which the community wants and deserves."
76561198280521573,Not Recommended,271590,33449045,Posted: 10 July,all,厉害了,乱封号外挂满天飞你要是和外挂在一个战局 你不知道 官方都封你号猪一样的客服自己误封然后解封了又马上给封了F*CK YOU
76561198129918448,Not Recommended,271590,32570145,Posted: 19 June,all,✌Husker54✌,"You killed your own game R* and T2. You failed to create a anti cheat system, YOU decided to get money hungry and almost force people into buying your stupid V4M shark cards. The result of this is modders. You played your self . Dont expect anything positive for a while."
,Not Recommended,271590,16456880,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,that8head,"Love this game. I mean, I seriously love it. Online is still rubbish, but singleplayer is just awesome. But you know what I don't love? The♥♥♥♥♥♥the Rockstar pulls. They don't give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about the people who play their games. They only care about the people thatbuythem."
,Recommended,271590,17448524,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,George,Downloads gameSorts out settingsGoes onlineHacker teleports to me and kills me with a giant UFO666/911
76561198155736330,Not Recommended,271590,24500310,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DARKLORD,"all it does is kick me from sessions when others are in it, other than that its great but they need to update there servers or something because all i do is disconnect from the session i dont lose net i go into a session by myself, it does i at random could be 10 mins playing online to a few hours, i dont mind when it does it in a few hours thats understandable but when its every few ♥♥♥♥ing minutes its stupid plz fix or something even tho you guys will probly never read this damn thing"
,Not Recommended,271590,32602916,Posted: 20 June,all,Tboss,"The game was good when it released.Now take two decided to give online a freenium model on top of a 60 doller game. Complete with feature/power creep.They also started taking down mods greatly limiting the sandbox of a sandbox game because well money.This was suppisidly done to stop players from working around a freenium model for a game which was better with no DLC what so ever, but you can't not have DLC. The DLC is where the power creep comes in but with freenium, encourages grinding to get OP weapons with little other purpose but to ruin other players fun. And Take Two currently trying to limit players to a version of the game which activily reduces players enjoyment of the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32549744,Posted: 18 June,all,04carr,I will never buy a game by these developers again.. You screw us and you shall feel the backlash
,Not Recommended,271590,32452354,Posted: 15 June,all,devilsdontsleep,A great game that Take Two want to ruin by closing out the modding community.♥♥♥♥ off Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32441224,Posted: 15 June,all,KimaRo,No modding? I'm out. Bye.
76561198015325198,Not Recommended,271590,28546367,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheTragedyOfDarthPlagueisTheWise,My friend with 1200 hours got wrongly banned for no reason...
,Not Recommended,271590,28547034,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Memestar,Rockstar is banning random people of hacking innocent or not. Support won't help
76561198070752162,Not Recommended,271590,28546435,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Emilio,"got banned from the game for selling a Car and nothing else Nice game very good support(didnt get any, it was just a Bot responding on my email that i send) dont buy this game. Its full of Cancer and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cheaters"
,Not Recommended,271590,32427550,Posted: 15 June,all,(ISIG) Legoguy9875,"I barely play the game myself these days, but I did originally get it for the modding capability, and upon hearing what Take Two has just done with said modding community, I feel like putting my two cents in.It's one thing to ban players for having even the most basic of single player mods installed. It's one thing to restrict content from the single player experience in favor of forcing players to play your online component and access said content. And it's one thing to have ridiculous prices on digital currency that means very little and can be easily acquired in the game itself.The fact of the matter is, however, that outright killing the ability to mod from your game just because you want people to play your precious online mode and spend money on useless content is the worst thing you can possibly do. It doesn't make people suddenly want to play online. It only gets them angry. For the amount of times you've invited Youtubers to play your game on multiple Online events, you seem to lack the knowledge that if you tamper with people's freedoms, they rightfully get angry and want to fight back. By taking away people's freedom to mod the SINGLE PLAYER aspect of your game, you lose a lot of faithful customers. I myself will not actively try to get you to revert your decision, since I obviously cannot do that, but just be warned, that this decision will have heavy consequences on your future PR."
76561198059053270,Not Recommended,271590,19220299,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,X CARBON RACER,hackers crash my game in almost every lobby
76561198042200810,Not Recommended,271590,32466713,Posted: 16 June,all,rubendevries099,"Take-Two, get yourself tohether."
76561198043920318,Not Recommended,271590,18781888,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Big Fuck,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing boring after 20 hours and the way it doesnt take itself seriously in any aspect (which is expected) makes it extremely non-immersive.
,Not Recommended,271590,32438773,Posted: 15 June,all,nytechade,Banned single player modding because they can't manage hackers in online games. Spend your money on something else.
76561198055459832,Not Recommended,271590,32436703,Posted: 15 June,all,Alec-I,Booooooooo!
,Not Recommended,271590,30009749,Posted: 18 February,all,Nevan Nedall,"I have re-bought this game on three seperate platforms. I have played it for hundreds of hours, and there has always been an underlying sense of frustration involved. Frustration with modders ruining your experience in a lobby. Frustration with constant connection issues. Frustration with support, because for 2 years I was unable to do the last of the online hiests, an issue that in the end they didn't even solve, I found a way to fix on my own. Frustration with Rockstar's insistance on releasing desprate attempts to get people to buy more shark cards. Frustration with them refusing to release content for single player, because multiplayer content is easier to throw together and makes more money.I loved playing this game, but It was a constant stress to do so."
76561198117075336,Not Recommended,271590,29612167,Posted: 31 January,all,Beefjeef,Single player is awesome. Online is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Banned permanently for no reason.
76561198178251341,Not Recommended,271590,29592681,Posted: 30 January,all,我的叼儿二十丈,Rockstar...you china daddy says Dont♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ban your daddy...respect your daddy...you just always earn little momey from us....Noob
76561198077374551,Recommended,271590,17183061,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,An immortal jerk.,"Well, it is GTA5. Don't have to say much.Tho I'd recommend a 2GB graphic card since even Medium settings chew up that memory so much...(Gotta play on Med-High quality, I cri naow :'c )"
,Not Recommended,271590,32424130,Posted: 14 June,all,Crashdown,Due to Take-Twos heartless money grubbing and disregard for the GTA community.
,Not Recommended,271590,32424748,Posted: 14 June,all,WXdestroyer,"I bought GTAV for full price for the FOURTH TIME just so I could play with mods in single player. Now though, Take Two Interactive, the parent company of Rockstar, have essentially banned mods from the game. Until Take Two goes back on this decision, I will, under no circumstance, recommend this game. DO NOT GIVE THE GREEDY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S AT TAKE TWO INTERACTIVE A DIME. THIS IS THE ONLY WAY THEY WILL LEARN."
,Not Recommended,271590,32424163,Posted: 14 June,all,Jeffrey9792,"Only bought it for the mods, and they ruined that soooooo.  On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198199863290,Not Recommended,271590,32664519,Posted: 22 June,all,Willbound,"""Ban single player mods to fix multiplayer modders, the perfect solution!!!! Give that man a promotion!""You either die a good game or live long enough to see yourself become another no man's sky"
,Not Recommended,271590,32454976,Posted: 15 June,all,tR IndecentRaptor,"Look, Rockstar. It was a good run. I thought the game was great when it first came out on PC. I poured hours into the game, brought copies for friends (And that was about $100NZD a pop when it first came out), and had a ♥♥♥♥ing ball with the game.But then the mods started to roll in, it just got ♥♥♥♥ing better and better! You guys were 100% behind the effort to mod the game for offline players, for those that wanted to do silly♥♥♥♥♥♥in the singleplayer experience. I was one of these people, but that's been ruined.Take-Two, the company you work closely with has decided that 2017 is the year to put the axe to the modding community for GTA. Funny enough, I'm doing the same thing for the game. Sorry guys, it's just how it is."
,Not Recommended,271590,32641020,Posted: 22 June,all,Strzelec Wyborny,You just took away part of the game I've paid for
,Not Recommended,271590,32641169,Posted: 22 June,all,★★★Donnell★★★,"I don't really care about the mods, but the lack of any new single player focused content is worth noting in a negative way."
76561198063703719,Not Recommended,271590,32641160,Posted: 22 June,all,Minicrom,Fu** Take Two. They went too far this time.
76561198165297906,Not Recommended,271590,28508763,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ganjaguy98,Banned cause another player was modding and wouldent stop giving me money 10/10 would not waiste my money on another copy ♥♥♥♥ you rockstart i legit earned all my♥♥♥♥♥♥now u all wanna take it away ♥♥♥♥ you and ♥♥♥♥ the hours i put into this on xbox 360
76561198084334256,Not Recommended,271590,28506556,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Primal,Thanks to rockstar for making this amazing game! I had such a fun time for all of the 256 hours I played it. Its ashame I got ♥♥♥♥ing perma banned for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason! Turns out all of my friends got perma banned for no reason too! What a♥♥♥♥♥♥take considering I did not break EULA rules whatsoever...
,Not Recommended,271590,32601978,Posted: 20 June,all,AppleShy,"Just putting up my negative review after TakeTwo shut down OpenIV. We need to make our voices heard, and if this is gonna have an impact, might as well help."
76561198157315626,Not Recommended,271590,32426763,Posted: 14 June,all,Groovy,Don't buy this until Take two interactive stop being ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,271590,32424758,Posted: 14 June,all,Knight,Bought on pc for the mods now Take-Two (Owner of rockstar) are trying to take that away so they get more money. Online is a microtransaction laden hellhole that no one should go near with a 1000foot long pole.
76561198002395942,Not Recommended,271590,32424768,Posted: 14 June,all,Worth,Take Two has stated that modding GTAV is now illegal. Do not support this game...
,Recommended,271590,16689782,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Venom Snake,"This is not a Take-Two Interactive review. This is a GTA V review.On the one hand, I enjoyed single player's story mode more than any other GTA game. Although most GTAs have aged pretty well, V's beautiful graphics and polished gameplay helped deliver the story Rockstar envisioned.On the other hand, online can become chaotic, more times than I can count. The money milking becomes unreal, but since people keep supporting the Shark Card fiasco, Rockstar cannot be blamed.All in all, I would buy this game again and again just to relive campaign's experience.9/10"
76561198066446480,Not Recommended,271590,16835453,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Snow Eira,"I've loved playing this game all the time, I have 100+ hours into it just on PC until today the greatful day that I got ""Banned"" for GTA Online. Sadly enough this situation has made me not want to play the game any more and Rockstar has bothered replying to my ticket that I sent them. Another thing is that when this game came out for PC I sold my Consoles and invested $1500+ to be able to play the game maxed out. I really don't care about the stupid Single player because I've beat it with my brother on Console so when it came out on PC it gave me a way to play with my Friend online but now I can't I will be deletting the game and probably won't ever be on it again. Note to all who want to buy this game, You can't trust anyone online or be willing to help them because they can report you can if RockStar finds anything in your record you can be banned for 14days-forever! So keep that in mind when buying the game."
76561198115425898,Not Recommended,271590,32468200,Posted: 16 June,all,T.B.S_JB,Don't. It this game.This is on the behalf of the open iv team.
,Recommended,271590,28406498,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,LuC1us,"Both multiplayer and singleplayer are great, definetly worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32442726,Posted: 15 June,all,Toxic Tryhard,"The world's most successful secretly awful game.Bizzare design decisions, Highly corporate business model, and a continued commitment against simply letting people have any kind of fun with your game."
,Not Recommended,271590,28788809,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Front door,ChaosDudeTom left.Psychofox88 left.Casper130580 left.Maxim159043 left.Mister-Frisko left.Anakinalex07 left.Fifler123 left.Pamanik left.Curly15_ left.Dubcheck123 left.Kohortas left.Chaostheory17 left.turboturbo89 left.MAG1LOL left.Tomenusz left.
,Not Recommended,271590,32492160,Posted: 16 June,all,Dr. Spoonman,"Almost 600 hours of playing mainly GTA Online, and I gotta tell ya, the fact that Take-Two decided to outright ban modding in any way, shape, or form...that's not leaving a very good taste in my mouth. I'm talking about single player mods being totally banned, online modding is rampant and totally destructive.I've always supported Rockstar, but this was the final nail in the coffin. Sometimes pressing the ""Self-Destruct"" button isn't always the best way to solve your problems..."
,Recommended,271590,30036562,Posted: 19 February,all,Utter Nutter,"Can be fun most of the time when your playing with friends, but even then most lobbies have at least one modder who will spawn props or just kill everyone over and over again. Pretty toxic community and everyone just kills everyone in public lobbies. In 9 out of 10 lobbies there will be a Hydra killing everyone repeatedly, multiple people asking for money drops, a group of people just killing everyone and at least 1 modder. Everything in Online is very expensive and takes a long time of grinding to unlock.Overall I would say that it is a fun game but can be really annoying when you get into a lobby with certain types of people."
,Not Recommended,271590,33285100,Posted: 5 July,all,Briggzy,very bad management and administration of this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32493577,Posted: 16 June,all,George Costanza,"Very disapointed. Take Two has made a big mistake. I will never buy one of their games again., RIP playing LSPDFR"
,Not Recommended,271590,16458744,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Shnucks,"Rockstar, you dissapoint me.Screw. You.If you don't fix this greedy ""sale"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you can say goodbye to me as a customer.Don't ♥♥♥♥ your customers over with this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥or you'll be nothing but another EA and/or Activision.Do not support these people until they learn that we will NOT accept this type of greedy business practice."
,Recommended,271590,30271297,Posted: 1 March,all,TouBie,good
,Not Recommended,271590,32508285,Posted: 17 June,all,Nameless Ghoul,"Well,How to get bad reviews:1. Make a good game.2. Allow mods.3. Allow others to make projects based around mods.4. Everyone has fun. With a game like IRL.5. Take away the mods.6. Watch the community burn.R* 2017, Keeping the community at baseline.10/10 would C&D letter R*.EDIT: Thought i'd add to this. Keep down voting on the recommended or not. This will affect their sales and where they get featured."
,Not Recommended,271590,32426593,Posted: 14 June,all,Chainsy,"In place of an actual review of this game. I just say that Take Two just entered into a legal battle with one of most important baseline mods for GTAV. Because of this and the incessent push of micro-transactions in the game, I can't recommend it."
76561198074436297,Not Recommended,271590,28547600,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TillyV,Rockstar Ruined this Game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32508125,Posted: 17 June,all,Swishiee,"Overall, the game itself is pretty good. I bought it on PC for the enhanced graphics, and to have a convenient platform to play GTA Online on. But, because of the extremely bad anti-cheat system, I got banned from GTA Online, and the progress I made on my character for years got deleted. I was not cheating, and never have. Never installed any mods or anything of the like either, single player or otherwise. And they're so adamant that the anti-cheat system is so great and accurate that they don't allow ban appeals either, so I was SOL. All my progress is gone. Thanks, Rockstar!All this, and not to mention all this single player mod nonsense going on, years after mods have been available and even shown off by Rockstar. C'mon, Take Two.Overall, decent single player, and a great port of the game, but play GTA Online at your own risk, because you can get marked a cheater for playing the game normally."
,Recommended,271590,28562725,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jäger,1 hr actually playing the game 48 hours loading screen
,Not Recommended,271590,32613956,Posted: 21 June,all,ДарСтав,"No offline mods, just online, and expensive shark cards, no good rating."
,Not Recommended,271590,32458219,Posted: 15 June,all,Jom,no mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32533656,Posted: 18 June,all,Snickerdoodle_,"""Rockstar game services could not process this transaction."": Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game!! Regularly pushing out new dlc with more bugs and more expensive things to rip off the community. They earn enough money but don’t give a♥♥♥♥♥♥GTA Online is pay to win. And fells like a half time job if you don´t buy shark cards.F*** u Rockstar."
76561198068116272,Not Recommended,271590,34430238,Posted: 22 August,all,Darkwing Duck,"This game is just a cash-cow for rockstar. They made a great game and THEN they added a few DLC packs and the GTAO prices started creeping up and now everything is WAY too expensive to buy. It takes forever to make 1 million and you blow it on an average sports car.... yachts are like 8-12 million.... All rockstar wants people to do is buy shark cards. (Which are also WAYYYYYYY too expensive) I could buy shark cards and get all the cool stuff but I refuse to give rockstar any more money. I already bought GTA V for 360, xbox one and PC! All at $60! Ridiculous. Rockstar is a joke now.... I will really consider not buying the next GTA if they pull this BS again..."
,Not Recommended,271590,34491362,Posted: 25 August,all,DTGB,"DO NOT BUY!!!!!Rockstar treats their loyal customers like crap and will punish you for actions of other players. Seriously a joke of a company, all they care about is taking your money. The only way to get anywhere in the game without blowing 20+ dollars on in game currency is to completely waste your life and do nothing but play the game. I thought this game was finally getting better in 2017 but I can confirm it hasn't! I have over 400 hours played trust me do not support this joke of a developer.Pros: NothingCons: Players dont cooperateRockstar does nothing to stop modders but punishes players when modders give them cashIncredibly long loading screens♥♥♥♥♥♥ serversEverything is overpriced"
,Not Recommended,271590,34406439,Posted: 21 August,all,poisonedOcean,"Is that hard to avoid hackers? And modders online? Is it THAT hard?They just update the online content, but this game is all about the single player campaign.Graphics 10 out of 10, no doubt. Amazing voice acting.But STAY AWAY from the online mode. It's just a rage inducing waste of time. And money. A lot of money."
,Not Recommended,271590,34405626,Posted: 21 August,all,Hinkle,"Very good story mode, but the amount of modders online that are going around getting everyone else banned without consequence is just astonishing."
,Not Recommended,271590,34525562,Posted: 27 August,all,BombThem,"*Joins Le Public Lobby**People screaming ""HACKER""**Money dropped on me**Banned 10 minutes later*Yea. ""flawless"" they call their anti cheat."
,Not Recommended,271590,34500373,Posted: 26 August,all,Bvisi0n,"If you're here for the single player content then yes, it is worthy of your money. However the multiplayer part (GTA Online) is a complete disaster. Hackers (modders), horrible ""workflow"" to play with friends, very poor support from Rockstar they ofter wrongly punish the innocent (rumors). Everyone is a jackass running around blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and killing eachother. For the resourcefull ones, even ""Passive mode"" wont protect you. Complete lack of activities aswell, you can't even sit.Garbage."
76561198202167899,Not Recommended,271590,34492509,Posted: 25 August,all,Encrypted,"it's not a fun game any more when u have to pay real money every time u want to purchase a vehicle or a property .. plus nothing is cheap eveything is very very very expensive.plus making money is not sufficient enough to enjoy the game with ur friends, they designed the game so u must buy their FREAKING SHARKS!!and after all that they took ""out of my control"" my legit money that I spent MONTHS earning it ... $2506293 , over 2 Million.F*** this Sh** I'm out!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32079675,Posted: 31 May,all,TINMAN,"Great Game. Horrible Anti-Cheat.Legitimate players like myself and many others fall victim to hackers loading your characters up with cash. Its not just pocket change, but enough to get you banned, and unfortunately it is too late to defended your account as you can be driving to the carshop like myself and get a notification along the lines of ""Deposit your money, you have over $5000 in cash"" and when you check yo have $11500000 in your pockets. What does rockstar do? ban your character. $35 down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for me. If you have $ to waste and don't mind being banned for♥♥♥♥♥♥other people do to you then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32699211,Posted: 23 June,all,Vantine,NO FUN ALLOWED
,Not Recommended,271590,32526911,Posted: 17 June,all,Kevin Rudd the absolute stud,no
,Not Recommended,271590,26033651,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Okay,"Don't get this game for online(Ive wasted WAY too much time on it to know) The multiplayer is broken, full of hackers and Rockstar are doing nothing about it.The storys good though.Pro's:-Good story-Good port-Easy controls-Looks nice graphics wiseCons-Hackers/Exploiters EVERYWHERE and Rockstar is doing nothing about them(At all)-Getting banned for no reason is EVERYWHERE, Yet the exploiters get left alone.-EXPENSIVE EVERYTHING on online.-Bad servers-TERRIBLE anti-cheat-Rockstar Support is about as helpful as a brick to build a glass house.-Loading times take 5-10 mins on GOOD wifi.-Just avoid online and its a good time(Ive wated too much time...)-Rockstar is SO desperate for 'Shark Card' buying they made the game unrefundable when yah bought it(At a time) and they push the 'Shark cards' At you every 10 seconds.-Rockstar support is less useful than a glass house in a warzone(Meaning they just go WE CAN HELP!!!!! then ignore you.) Thus any wrongful bansWILL NOTbe reversedGame 2/10 online9/10 Story/SingleplayerTD;LR:Online is crap, Singleplayer is good. Avoid online. Buy for singleplayer on sale.No.... just no... You just stopped SINGLE-PLAYER MODDING... You're killing your own biggest fanbase by releasing the game 2 years late(See red dead redemption 2 as well with the PC release date later) And now you stop SINGLE PLAYER MODDING without fixing your game or ACTUALLY USING A DECENT ANTI-CHEAT. Take-Two-Interactive needs to shut up or the PC community is never gonna forget(again)."
,Not Recommended,271590,32739365,Posted: 24 June,all,TaylorH,TERRIBLE! OpenIV was the reason I bought this game! I WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Not Recommended,271590,19833468,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Lancer,"Overpriced and Overpowered Vehicles/Weapons in Multiplayer, Modders running rampant, and all other numerous cancers take made you wish euthanasia was legal. Seeing my friends dissapear one by one from false bans by the game's awful anti-cheat.Online was better in it's early stages as it was a fun way to play with friends with a roleplaying aspect."
76561198375675993,Not Recommended,271590,34414908,Posted: 22 August,all,Gta V,rockstar pls fix this online game joining THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ RIDICOLOUS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BAD
76561198042811483,Not Recommended,271590,32437468,Posted: 15 June,all,ForgedGecko,I only bought this version to mod it.
76561198072250691,Not Recommended,271590,32437470,Posted: 15 June,all,JoshCarr88,Spent around 200 of my 289 hours playing LSPDFR and now Take Two has essentially taken that away. Thanks a lot.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437681,Posted: 15 June,all,SavageSealXIX,Bought the game to try mods and its been ruined!! DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,271590,32438534,Posted: 15 June,all,WhatsaduckpondSON,Me and the lads got out of our car near the end of a heist and it explodedWe all unanimously agreed to take a break from the game after that
,Not Recommended,271590,32441498,Posted: 15 June,all,Person,"if only take two hadn't A: gotten such a hard on for microtransactions, and B: killed the only fun part of the game to try and get the whales to empty out their bank accounts into the game more, i'm sure i would have left a good review. Instead these ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥decided that having the fourth best selling game of all time wasn't good enough. don't buy this game under any circumstances (assuming you have been living under a rock, and haven't bought it already)."
,Not Recommended,271590,32450067,Posted: 15 June,all,i'm already a demon,it's all just a beginning
,Not Recommended,271590,32437713,Posted: 15 June,all,ṧᵢ❡ηαℓ,Nope nope nope
,Not Recommended,271590,32439684,Posted: 15 June,all,[C3] Джеймс,removed openiv and now i can't customize cars in SP :(
76561198008375237,Not Recommended,271590,32440646,Posted: 15 June,all,artsi,man i love it when developers are in touch with the fan base.
76561198000296717,Not Recommended,271590,32441722,Posted: 15 June,all,edios5,"We support modding, it keeps the Singleplayer aspect alive. Do not support any of Take Two's products. Be wary of RDR2 as well. BOYCOT, BOYCOT, BOYCOT."
,Not Recommended,271590,32446206,Posted: 15 June,all,Jeeves,No Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32446555,Posted: 15 June,all,Newt_Charmander,Nope Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32447436,Posted: 15 June,all,Godman,"First FiveM, now OpenIV♥♥♥♥ you and your $hark cards, Take Two"
,Not Recommended,271590,32449450,Posted: 15 June,all,XBG.Marx,CEASE AND DESIST TAKE TWO
,Not Recommended,271590,32449868,Posted: 15 June,all,Dekor,"To limit modding is creative and artistic suicide for games.The Modding scene helps push games forward in there scope and allow players to create and experiment with new ideas. Limiting players and creators to help mold and try new things. without the modding community to come up with new ideas can lead to stagnation and retreads of games year after year. its literally free inspiration for gaming companies and they dont have to even pay the modding community these people do it out of there own interest in making a game better.Here's a list of games that started as a Mod but became a fully fledged game( some of these inspired a whole genre on there own, im sure i dont need to say which )ChivilryCounter strikeDay of DefeatDayzDOTAGarrysmodInsurgencyKilling floorRed OrchestraTeam FortressTake two interactive, just shot themselves in the foot."
,Not Recommended,271590,32451811,Posted: 15 June,all,travisweeting,You cannot mod this game anymore.Damn you take-two. Take two bullets to the head more like.
,Not Recommended,271590,32451882,Posted: 15 June,all,Burrito,"♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two, you can take two ♥♥♥♥ yous.im sorry"
,Not Recommended,271590,32457891,Posted: 15 June,all,ConflictNerd,"Modding is the only reason I play GTAV on PC these days. Online is a haven for cheaters and script kiddies, so the single-player experience is the best one available for players to experience frustration-free fun. OpenIV was vital to that fun in many cases and Take Two Interactive have decided to kill off OpenIV because they're not happy that they're only the 4th Best Selling Game of All Time.Take Two are only interested in you as a player for as long as you purchase in-game currency. They are anti-consumer and anti-PC Gaming.Do not purchase GTAV until they change their stance on modding."
,Not Recommended,271590,32483548,Posted: 16 June,all,Psycho,this game a sux XD where are de mods :'-((fug kokstar
,Not Recommended,271590,32438769,Posted: 15 June,all,Clams,I can nopt support a company that crack downs on modders.
,Not Recommended,271590,32440633,Posted: 15 June,all,Yaht-C,"There desicion to remove the mods. (Why everyone buys it on the PC), I can't stand for.https://youtu.be/0gKlBIPR_okUPDATE: While OpenIV is back, I do not believe that Take Two or Rockstar can be trusted anymore. While I am happy they realized there mistake, they must be punished for there stupidity. I will not change my review score and I urge everyone to do the same."
,Not Recommended,271590,32441581,Posted: 15 June,all,🎃 Spookerjam 🎃,"I cannot condone the poor treatment of the modding comminity, nor the focus on milking the online community via microtransactions in lieu of actual dlc or updates."
76561198041959837,Not Recommended,271590,32441602,Posted: 15 June,all,Dyno,Anti mod stance means this just lost a whole lot of value. Serves no purpose to me anymore at least
,Not Recommended,271590,32484835,Posted: 16 June,all,My Man!,"""Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys.""Amen to that!"
,Not Recommended,271590,34592358,Posted: 29 August,all,welchong,"just update the game and find my wallet been cut by $ 750 k. well, thanks rockstar!"
76561197967261399,Not Recommended,271590,26344875,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,NimbleNoodle,Banned for absolutely no reason. Don't buy it unless you're willing to lose the ability to play Online by pure chance.Thanks for stealing my money you ♥♥♥♥s!
,Not Recommended,271590,32456671,Posted: 15 June,all,jord,G R E E D
,Not Recommended,271590,33087396,Posted: 1 July,all,Capt'n Joe,Thanks a whole ♥♥♥♥ing lot for ♥♥♥♥ing with the modding community!
76561198064222030,Not Recommended,271590,32637457,Posted: 22 June,all,catfood,"Let's start with the pros:-Graphics are good-map design-plenty of activities to do-diverse selection of vehiclesNow the bad:-Singleplayer mod support is garbage, removing openIv from the picture only increased the amount of troll hackers I see-Unoptimized as ♥♥♥♥, still can't get a solid 60fps on highish settings with my rx 480 and r5 1600 hexacore-Air vehicles are easily taken down since almost everyone has a lock-on rocket launcher, which of late does not let youknow when you're being locked on to-new bike that can fly and shoot missles is extremely hard to hit so just find a new session if someone has it-every session has someone sitting on the highest building shooting you across the map with explosive round sniper rifles-Rockstar heavily incentivises messing with other people so good luck trying to have a smooth time finishing that missionof yours-the AI is straight up disgraceful. They don't use turn signals ever, they run straight ♥♥♥♥ing into you and cause you to bekilled at almost any time you come into contact with them-The police will literalkly spawn in front of you and they will try to hit you even when you don't have them chasing you, -they know exactly where you are even if they haven't seen you.I would not recommend this game to ANY gamer unless you buy it for five dollars and many of your friends have it already."
76561198045613939,Not Recommended,271590,33061624,Posted: 30 June,all,boxxkite,Rockstar has ruined online with micro transactions
76561198082640923,Recommended,271590,20967193,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Paul196UK,Only played this for a couple of hours but have it say from what I've seen and tried its an excellent game. Highly recommend.
76561198292128095,Not Recommended,271590,32635144,Posted: 21 June,all,thecashboy51,terrible after take two banned open iv and sp modding open iv never had to do with online modding actually what would happen when you go online is that it would revert your game back to stock so you coulld play online
,Not Recommended,271590,30243772,Posted: 28 February,all,Riddle,"Don't get me wrong, great game, one of the best I've played. Everything is incredibly fun; especially with mates.Though Rockstar's anti-cheat system is probably the worst ever. Mate got banned for absolutely no reason, with no possibility to appeal for an unban.""Buying the game again and creating a new account is the only way.""Worst anti-cheat ever.Fix."
76561198151263327,Not Recommended,271590,29639821,Posted: 1 February,all,AlecBelikov,"This game is really cool, but the admins suck at their job, I was given money by a modder/hacker and I was temporarily banned that I understand 100%, however after my ban was up on jan 28 I was able to play online once more. I completed the fleeca mission with my little brother he's a rank 89 so he didn't need much money he gave me a 80% cut from the job so I ended up with alot of money, I was f***ing banned again for WHAT!!!!????Check your damned systems and see that I earned legally... I may have to bring my lawyers into this matter because that is complete bs and a waste of money. I want a refund!!!"
76561198020539681,Not Recommended,271590,30111689,Posted: 22 February,all,MrBulldog,great game. apparently very poor customer support.i havent been banned yet or had to deal with customer support but i can say the online is chock-full of modders and hackers that DO NOT get banned.i cannot recommend the game because of the regular interference from hackers online and mainly because im always concerned that i will be banned without reason with no support from rockstar. i feel this way due to the numerous reports of this problem from other players that remain unresolved to-date.get it together R* ....will update if im ever bannedwill recommend if i see change
76561198015601463,Not Recommended,271590,30278205,Posted: 2 March,all,berretta042069,♥♥♥♥ these ban happy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Spent over 1200 dollars playing this game since release day on ps3 only to get my account banned on pc cause someone stole my steam accout. ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,29462824,Posted: 24 January,all,Mikey,"After spending around 800 hours on console, decided to buy it for steam, too. Spent about 300 hours on steam, got a lvl 100 character, bunch of cars, and businesses, till last night Rockstar bans me for no reason at all. Just one message: You have been permanently banned from all rockstar services, no explenation, no nothing, only that I could not enter a ban appeal. As is well known, Rockstar's customer service lacks all there is to lack, and you can try your dearest but you will not get past the automated bot responses. I would think twice before buying this game, you never know when Rockstar has a bad day and decides it needs more money."
,Not Recommended,271590,29517158,Posted: 27 January,all,NattySelect,"FU*K you rockstar, with a huge, hairy, diseased, CO*K, for banning me and taking away all my legitimately hard earned belongings for what? FU*K YOU!!"
76561198090541484,Not Recommended,271590,29638813,Posted: 1 February,all,Mother's Idol,Worst support & anticheat ever.P.S. thanks for ban without reasons
,Not Recommended,271590,29640094,Posted: 1 February,all,russellpt6,Got banned for 30 days and lost my character. I never cheated and don't think that people should be picked on by rockstar for cheats who come on and spoil your game. If i was in a bank and a robber comes in and robs the bank does that make me a robber too. I will never buy another rockstar game as long as i live.
,Not Recommended,271590,29790927,Posted: 8 February,all,Robloxian 2,"Started fresh with a level 1 character after being banned once before and having my character completely reset. Keep in mind I had no mod menus installed at this point anywhere on my computer. Within the first hour of playing legitimately and exploring all the things I never saw before in this game, I was hit with the second ban, this time permanent. I wouldn't have been mad if it felt justified to ban me if I was modding or something, but straight out of the blue, while I was in a match with my friend I got the dreaded message.If you really want to buy this game, I would suggest waiting to play online until they get their auto-ban system sorted."
76561198000164508,Not Recommended,271590,29637742,Posted: 1 February,all,ubergeek,"If you want the story mode of this game it's a lot of fun. The online however I can't say because I was banned within 5 min after logging on my second time. I played for about 45 min the first time and was killed A LOT. So I played through the story mode to get used to the game mechanics and when I logged in online the second time (about a month later) I was being trolled by 2 guys that were somehow driving a car that could drive in water and fly, so I tried to join a new instance and was imeadiatly banned from online. I have no mods and don't even know how to mod it yet. There is no appeal for bannings so I have no recourse and nobody will even tell me why I was banned."
76561198305247729,Not Recommended,271590,29795290,Posted: 8 February,all,嗑瓜子看段子就是这么,我草你吗的R星      我什么也没干  你他妈的 封我我号      你吗了 逼的  给我个说法
,Not Recommended,271590,29667248,Posted: 3 February,all,Raptera,I got banned for playing the game right I never cheated I never excepted cheated money I was a neutral player. I worked hard to get where I was. I wasted time in this game it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rockstar does not care about their players.
76561198073050322,Not Recommended,271590,17039028,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,benyIL123,"I waited a year for GTA V, spent 60$, and then got banned for using mods in SINGLEPLAYER?♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198082172889,Not Recommended,271590,32471220,Posted: 16 June,all,nuuby,"TAKE TWO IS ON THE RAG, STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS FUGLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ RIP OPEN IV. <3"
,Not Recommended,271590,32471354,Posted: 16 June,all,HazzaHardie,It's a fine game but Take Two's actions against modding is scummy as heck.
,Not Recommended,271590,32471248,Posted: 16 June,all,OnFriday,Greedy Take Two going after modders?
,Not Recommended,271590,32471362,Posted: 16 June,all,HaoJun0823,Dear RockstarI heard you doesn't support unofficial mods.Great. Take my negative and don't thanks me.That's free!
76561198110912981,Not Recommended,271590,32471236,Posted: 16 June,all,Zsasz,Took away modding! the only reason I keep playing this game!
76561198099710043,Not Recommended,271590,32471211,Posted: 16 June,all,total_chicken_face,"I love GTA V. But take two, seriously. Go f**k yourselves. Until you fix the♥♥♥♥♥♥you've started, namely by taking the cease and desist off OpenIV we're gonna keep making a racket."
,Not Recommended,271590,32471230,Posted: 16 June,all,Darpy Adultman,"On behalf of OpenIV, don't let Take Two ruin modding."
,Not Recommended,271590,32471359,Posted: 16 June,all,DanPlayzLive,take two screwed it all up
,Not Recommended,271590,32471214,Posted: 16 June,all,omrima500,dont buy this game - t2 Block the mods in story mode and All things on Online are very expensive and that's terrible.
76561198059399193,Not Recommended,271590,28989213,Posted: 3 January,all,The Dude Man,"Not happy at all, i put money into the game to try and get high in import and export and finally get a fast car, nice house and a huge amount of weapons, wake up one morning and i have an email from rockstar to say ive been banned for 'cheating' and my account has been reset and i cant go on for 30 days. I cant appeal to say i wasnt, there was no overlay to show what i did. All it was done by was some stupid report. Stupid support, Stupid actions ive never been so mad at a game company ever."
,Not Recommended,271590,32633740,Posted: 21 June,all,Mandalay Bay Hotel,"RIP singleplayer modding, RIP open IV"
,Not Recommended,271590,32569154,Posted: 19 June,all,INMATEofARKHAM,I bought this game based upon all the mods I saw on youtube (mostly Neebs Gaming) and now it will never be possible.
,Not Recommended,271590,32584131,Posted: 19 June,all,Dead Man's Hand B-Day Over,"WHy do OpenIv have to stop development on their Liberty City mod? Rockstar Games isn't going to create it, and if they do it will be online only DLC! They went half-way, but are stopping openIV from making a free DLC. #SaveLibertyCityMod"
,Not Recommended,271590,32523701,Posted: 17 June,all,commando.98 ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,Only reason why I bought this game was for its Single Player and Single Player DLC. Found it annoying when they decided not to work on DLC but for gta online DLC. Mods were the next reason why I usaully come back to GTA 5. Now it looks like I wont be coming back to GTA 5 Anytime soon.
76561197999940663,Not Recommended,271590,30416821,Posted: 9 March,all,PigglyWiggly,"Game is official been ruined for me. I have not played this game in almost a year, the second I start it back up I still see that it is still full of hacks. Rockstar keeps adding content without addressing the issue of what is ruining the game, online play has become a joke, a playground for hacks and unbalanced competitions where whoever owns the most in game money wins. Rockstar it seems has given up on even attempting to address any issues with hackers so I'm giving up on the online aspect of this game, it is garbage.  Thanks Rockstar for becoming another cheap sellout"
,Not Recommended,271590,32572231,Posted: 19 June,all,Wolfaye™,"Given a massive big kick to the balls of what made GTA the best, the Mods. Care more about money and trying to ruin our fun."
,Not Recommended,271590,25663569,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Agent 17,the game is ok for SP.now?? u take my million of dollar for no reason??? u want me to take your shark card?? ohhh man ♥♥♥♥ you.that's no worth it for ur shark card.this doesn't way to make some money R*.i should leave your game now and move to other games.thx for your game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32769336,Posted: 25 June,all,General Zheng,"I have bought and played this game for more than 2 months, and spend over ¥500 (appr. US $75) extra money for Shark Cash Card. However, R Star just suspend my online account 30 days today for no reason, because I used the cloud storage, I can't even play the story model. I can't appeal and all my progress will be reset. R Star is just a bully, there is no way to treat customers like this. Seriously, Communist Party's censorship is even better than R Star social club! I am done with it, hope R Star goes bankrupt soon."
76561198047936154,Not Recommended,271590,28805066,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dreamlord,"Exceptional Single player experience, fantastic atmosphere and story.Online had the potential, but it has a very toxic community, lots of hackers and modders, and Rockstar does ban waves that affect also innocent players. Was banned two times myself without hacking, modding or harassing/griefing. They don't review any cases and do not provide reason or support if you are banned falsely."
76561198061493460,Not Recommended,271590,32443006,Posted: 15 June,all,The Argus,Eat♥♥♥♥♥♥take two
,Not Recommended,271590,29957232,Posted: 15 February,all,AbsolutelyNotSniperturtle,"Giving a game negative reviews, not because the game is bad, but because they've blocked certain mods, is petty, childish, and stupid."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443261,Posted: 15 June,all,Rocktalon,"While I don't play single player, I know when a company is saying that they hate their players. And throwing a cease and desist to the biggest mod for the game is a VERY big ""♥♥♥♥ you."""
,Not Recommended,271590,34914426,Posted: 12 September,all,raphcsgobounty.comgamdom.com,"This game used to be a good game where it would take a few hours to get anything you wanted, now i have 200 hours and still no bunker or hangar.Rockstar are trying more and more to get people to buy shark cards. :("
,Not Recommended,271590,32641381,Posted: 22 June,all,MasterOfTheMelon47,"Decent game but all the microtransactions and expensive stuff basically making attempts to force you to buy the expensive shark cards to get very small amounts of money completely ruin it.Also the entire Take Two and OpenIV situation is ridiculous, prettty much banning mods from the game...Not worth the money anymore, you can't get enough from the game unless you're willing to pay more money on shark cards. Plus, no modding anymore means you're even less likely to get your money's worth."
,Not Recommended,271590,29814276,Posted: 9 February,all,Erico,Terrible and expensive online experience. Great potential for online experience but good luck getting a group together to get anyting done so make sure you have friends that are willing to play. Single player is fun but what you get is what you get no DLC. IMO save your money or move on to something else.
76561198185708209,Not Recommended,271590,34573345,Posted: 29 August,all,Mod1s,"****ing sacmmers! Lost all my money, because of rockstar bullsh*t. Well THANKS!"
76561197994196390,Not Recommended,271590,16544741,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SOLID,"Was really excited to get this game and for awhile it was cool, the graphics and physics were good, the single player was fun (although the story is pretty stupid) and I even had fun once or twice in multiplayer.But then - crashing - on a brand new overkill computer.  And then patches that reduced the graphical performance, and still  more crashing.And then - the hackers...And then - Rockstars pricing shemes on this abortion.It's neither fun nor funny."
,Not Recommended,271590,33402684,Posted: 9 July,all,stickmangamer34,"Even if OPENIV was back about a month ago, I'm still giving a middle finger to take-two and rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,33891038,Posted: 29 July,all,Cito,"What the hell happened to just buying a game? Take Two CEO internal letter posted even admits to nickel and diming users and actually being offended that people don't want to keep paying to play this game. It's a single player game first and foremost. DLC's have caused the rise of piracy. Companies can't just release ""Expanion pack"" which is more than half or equal in size and content to the original install itself... no they gotta keep nickel and diming creating a ""pay to win"" environment where either kids steal their parents credit cards or folks use cheats. It greed breeds rebels who fight back with piracy, hacks, cheats.This game is not a mmorpg. It was not designed to be a mmorpg. Stop trying to make it a mmorpg.The game was good... keyword WAS, but they've ruined it. STAY FAR FAR AWAY"
,Not Recommended,271590,32482692,Posted: 16 June,all,Tumble,Take-Two are the worst. Scuffed publisher
,Not Recommended,271590,32633642,Posted: 21 June,all,dog ribs,removed modding? wtf riot you took away my game
,Not Recommended,271590,15345952,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Swamp,"yeah, it's a good game and all, but:>internet goes out>think maybe i'll play GTA V since it's a single player game>""ONLINE ACTIVATION REQUIRED"">even though i have played it in the pastIt has to connect to it's botnet EVERY TIME you want to play it.FUCKOFF"
,Not Recommended,271590,34471727,Posted: 24 August,all,Dogs Lucky Sock,"Put it this way, either you only play GTAO and love it despite it's downfalls like hackers or you don't because you won't have time for any other game if you want to get all the fun items in this game. You also need freinds just like you because waiting for randoms to join a heist or do a random mission is basically impossible. When GTAO launched it had nothing, it still has nothing if you're a casual gamer looking for some GTAO fun. Bring back GTA4 Online, that was simple and to the point, very enjoyable.Do not buy unless like I said, you're only going to play this game, it'll consume you if you want it to.Also you might get randomly banned or put into a 'naughty' group because of hackers etc..Single player is a GTA game, enjoy."
,Not Recommended,271590,34763753,Posted: 5 September,all,Ice,"You should only buy the game for the single player or for a closed multiplayer with friends and be prepared to play with the basic available vehicles as grinding for cash is mind-numbing.- closed multiplayer because mostly all sessions are filled with hackers or aggressive players.- the basic available vehicles because everything costs a lot for some you even need to buy a special warehouse $$. All of this you can only pay for by doing a mind-numbing amount of grinding the same missions over and over. (The same mission because a lot of missions or games don’t pay very well)+ The chance is high that you will lose you hard earned in game cash by the anti-cheat system.I've always instantly left when I noticed a hacker, I never picked up any hacked cash and I mostly play private yet I still lost cash because I got accused of cheating by the anti cheat system.In short: multiplayer is toxic, play with friends and grinding for cash is made impossible so they can push you to shark cards. Updates only bring more ways to waste cash."
,Not Recommended,271590,32586883,Posted: 20 June,all,Sociopathic Sniper,Ruined Singleplayer modding.. smfh
,Not Recommended,271590,26347041,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,0ุุุุุุ,"Tons of hackers, after a week of play I got hacked to the point where if I sign into GTA online I now get instantly booted by ""unknown network error"" after someone randomly was asking who was on the mic in free mode. I answered it was (my name) and now I can't play. Good game, bad players."
,Not Recommended,271590,32622324,Posted: 21 June,all,Lt.Chris,Any company which opposes modding is an enemy of the PC community
76561198203074633,Not Recommended,271590,34048122,Posted: 5 August,all,Fox,Probably one of the best and worst games I have ever playerd.Grand Theft Auto V was amazing at the start when it first came out because it was fresh and there where money glitches so you didnt have to buy a shark card.Now I know im late to the party but ever where you turn you have to buy money or grind out for some time before you can get the item that you want everything just seems to pricey.Gta V was a great game but you can only milk it for so long let it go.
,Not Recommended,271590,32479560,Posted: 16 June,all,B0nesaw,"A single-player game turned multiplayer turned massive cash grab. Take Two wants you online so they can drain your wallet in a pay to win environment and thus decided to remove mods from singleplayer. I'm surprised they haven't outright removed singpleplayer, the root of all evil that prevents them from earning more money."
76561198060698405,Not Recommended,271590,23017166,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,HamletEagle,"I would never recommend a game that requires you to pay such an enourmous amount of money just to spend 10x more money ingame if you don't feel like grinding only to have your account and money wiped by Rockstar / Take-Two Interactive just because you played too much or received 10 dollars from a hacker that you just happen to spend.Scummy Company that doesn't give a single ♥♥♥♥ and their support is the most idiotic thing i've seen in my life, they literally just copy and paste the best response they got from a spredsheet they have only to redirect you to an another site that either crashes, takes 1 million years to load or just doesn't work at all and the tips they give are GARBAGE. By the time i see an actual human response and not a bot response or copy-pasted response from them i'll be in a coffin or this game completely dead.Opening their own god damn website is a pain in the d*ck, taking 10 seconds or even longer, even their forums take forever to load not just the game. You can't even post something on the forums properly, it's bugged, glitched, whatever.Try to give any tips to players or ask for something to be changed / added? Trolls that enter the forums everyday will downvote your post to oblivion or not have a single comment, the best post that i've seen with the most numours commets was FIVE ! FIVE F*CKING COMMENTS ! just to show you how dead they are, and i've been posting for a few years now.I should also say the if you get banned Rockstar says F*ck you, no matter what you did, what you were wrongfully did or what you say or will say in the future.I say that you should never spend this much money on a game and ingame purchases or any Rockstar / Take-Two related game ever again. I've never spent money ingame only on the game itself.It was a good game. But the iggnorance the devs treat it with is absolutelly horrible. So we do the same. Hackers, modders, Cheaters, 60% of them i'm more than sure they are cheating just to raise a big F*ck you to Rockstar cause they've been treated very poorly.Can't wait to see how well Red Dead Redeption 2 will do. It will die"
,Not Recommended,271590,34574584,Posted: 29 August,all,ConfusedRaccoon,"If you want a good 10 to 20 hours of single player fun, yeah this games got it. Plus quite a few collectables. Although only ever respawning at a hospital (of which there are 4 iirc) when you were at the other end of the map can get quite annoying.Online. Either have deep pockets or be prepared to grind for days to afford just a few things within the ""free DLC's"" they keep adding. The hiests, if you have 3 good frriends to do them with could pay out quite well, especially the bonus challenges. But since they added the ""CEO"" rubbish, everything has been designed to drain your ingame accounts so you spend more of that real life cash money.There are hackers, I've run into a few of them. More often then not they're just messing around with trainer stuff, like taking and locking your car while you're driving or the fan fav, dropping cash sacks on your head so you get banned for ""hacking money"".I can't honestly say ""it's a good game"" because 75% of it is online and the online side of this is just garbage. someone said just watch youtube videos of the new stuff. Couldn't agree more.A redeeming thing though, if you don't mind rollplaying, there is quite a big custom server/roll playing community which is good fun apparantly. Does require modding your game, although that's quite easy these days."
76561198103515540,Not Recommended,271590,32730973,Posted: 24 June,all,FriendlyRaider,"Take-Two....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32425308,Posted: 14 June,all,DayMan,No.
,Not Recommended,271590,32429829,Posted: 15 June,all,Meat Lord,Game's good but the modding scene has just been brutally murdered and that's so bad I say don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32505907,Posted: 17 June,all,Frigid9,Take two has become very greedy since GtaV launch in 2013.
,Not Recommended,271590,32462808,Posted: 15 June,all,Pirate Turtle,Modding is dead thanks to Take Two
,Not Recommended,271590,33807476,Posted: 26 July,all,Varnale,"Game itself isn't bad. But it's kind of impossible to play online, because of all those cheaters. Sometimes you just don't know if you are too bad or they are too good, but other times they just keep teleporting on you and oneshoting you and all you can do is just stand still and wait for death because you could not move."
76561197964585596,Not Recommended,271590,32430008,Posted: 15 June,all,The Almighty Snark,"Multiplayer is a hell laden micro transaction infested playground where if you pay, you win. Singleplayer story is excellent and it was fun to mess about with mods. Alas Take Two is getting enough money so they've nuked it. May they perish prematurely."
76561198061977887,Not Recommended,271590,32437526,Posted: 15 June,all,DrRedshirt,Attacking the mod community because you haven't made enough money in a multiplayer mode no one plays is nearsighted and a stupid business practice.
,Not Recommended,271590,32468420,Posted: 16 June,all,seba0405,OpenIV... nuff said
,Not Recommended,271590,32595485,Posted: 20 June,all,Han Solo,"Not GTACorporate coin ride, microtransaction simulator.Not to mention completely disrespectful to those who have spent time and effort modding the game LEGALLY.Tommy Vercetti would be disgusted."
,Recommended,271590,32719964,Posted: 24 June,all,Hel_over,"I have been taken to hospital many times because of drinking,even though I never drink in real life.THANKS RG,this game doesn't have AIDS and cancer"
,Not Recommended,271590,32589938,Posted: 20 June,all,Panther ᕦ( ͡o╭͜ʖ╮͡o )ᕤ Warrior,"Doesn't care about the playerbase, just wants to capitalize on microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,271590,33832514,Posted: 27 July,all,∆eon III,"You know when you feel more immersed playing 3 separate single player characters than playing your own custom online character that they ♥♥♥♥ed up online.Grinding to afford an mc, export business or bunker feels like grinding a literal job in real life, and once you eventually acquire one, it feels just as empty and unrewarding. You log on, stockpile product by yourself, semi-afk for the next few days (approx 15hrs total ingame time) until its maxed, find strangers to help you sell it, repeat twice more, and you probably have enough to buy a new virtual car, wow. If a new car isn't for you, then grind some more and you can afford a flying shooting motorcycle with no other use than killing and griefing other players in the session, most of who are also endlessly grinding away.The friends I have irl who have the game stopped playing long ago, and the friends who I've tried to initiate into GTA online discovered the grind fest system the first hour in and had no incentive to grind the next 80 hours in to afford an apartment and a couple of cars, and I don't blame them.At this point, I'm hoping they eventually do go ahead with the SP addon content so that I have a reason to come back to this game."
76561198028708914,Not Recommended,271590,29834208,Posted: 10 February,all,Pie4man,"American Justice: Innocent until proven guilty.Russian Justice: Guilty until proven innocent.Rockstar Justice: Guilty until proven guilty.I'm not going to say ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar, because honestly Rockstar North the developers of this game, have done a good job with constant update’s that have kept online alive for free, no DLC, however, Rockstar Games, which in its entirety, is owned by Take Two Interactive who published GTA, can ♥♥♥♥ off, if anyone’s in charge of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t micro transactions, as well as the inflation of the in-game market for the new items, and fixing the ban problem, its them.Why do I believe its them? Well, because reprogramming the entire server base to allow a new anti-cheat system to be installed, as well as fix other glitches like Pac-Standard, would cost too much money in the eyes of the publisher, despite the fact that this is one of the most commercially successful games of all time AT LAUNCH, that’s not including the millions of dollars they’ve gotten from Shark Cards. They also refuse to have a Customer Support. Why? Because Customer Support Reps cost money, something the Publisher isn’t willing to shell out for.I know for a fact this is correct, the CEO Strauss Zelnick can got collectively ♥♥♥♥ himself with an iron pole. Look up any interview with him especially the recent one from Cohen and Company Technology Meeting. Essentally, he believes that any player in GTA who doesnt buy shark cards is a freeloader, screw the fact that we paid full price for this game. He’s a greed driven executive through and through with the goal of getting all the money possible because again being the most COMMERCALLY SUCESSFUL GAME OF ALL TIME, isn’t enough for him.Need more proof? Take Two famous ♥♥♥♥ed Turtle Rocks (Creator of Left for Dead and Counter Strike but who’s ever heard of those game?) Evolve to a point where it’s a dying corpse of a game drained of all the live and potential it had as a game, due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Microtransactions, DLC and Preorder standards that were hand fisted into the devolvement of the game from day one.So, in conclusion ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two Interactive, why don't you Take Two Sticks and shove them up your CEO's [redacted] until you [redacted] [redacted] all over his [redacted] [redacted]."
,Recommended,271590,22229674,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kyle7700k,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time.With near infinite possibilities online, you can roleplay, do some heists, have a deathmatch, or just ♥♥♥♥ off, in any event, its a must have for a game to play with friends, you should easily find something fun to do and can rack up hours upon hours very quickly, and enjoying every minute of it.Story mode is easily the best i have ever played. Uses humor till the point where it can be taken seriously (unlike saints row) and is also funny as hell at points at the same time. Has a fantastic, well written, and well executed story. And has the most free, immersive, and dowright fantastic gameplay i have ever seen. I could go on for hours complimenting it.I have owned this game on 4 different platforms, spending most of my time on the xbox 360, just recently bought for my new computer. I have no regrets buying this game on any of the platforms. At all.Graphics are fantastic, but can easily be ran on med-high at 900p on like $100 gpus (I have a gtx 750 ti)Story - 10/10Online - 9/10You wont regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32593600,Posted: 20 June,all,AIDS Man,F#CK YOU TAKE TWO FOR BANNING MODS!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32587014,Posted: 20 June,all,Wasad,Forget about buying this game.I know a few people who played this game only for mods and i have done some minor modding too. Now Take Two have ♥♥♥♥ed everything and left it to rot.
,Not Recommended,271590,32587009,Posted: 20 June,all,lakku,"Greedy companies are ruining the PC market. Please, take this product away from digital distribution."
,Not Recommended,271590,28301094,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Devil、神鬼莫測,"Online is so suck. If you want to enjoy this game, just finish singleplayer and complete all the mission. if you play on Online , You have lots of chance to be banned"
,Not Recommended,271590,15680985,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,whatever57010,"I used to love the single player, getting creative with mods and everything... but now those gready take2 %!#$% made the single plyer usless"
,Not Recommended,271590,28757255,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DarkNicky,"Open gamePlay public lobbyGot money drop on youPicks them up cause everyone likes free money right?2 days later bannedcontact rockstar support....Hello,Thank for your recent contact to Rockstar Support regarding reporting a cheater or a ban appeal.For Ban appeals-- GTA Online bans are triggered by a number of factors, including modding in GTA Online, exploiting or abusing game mechanics, manipulating protected game data and code, or otherwise interfering with the other players’ gameplay experience.All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed. For more information on the GTA Online Suspension and Ban Policy please seehttps://support.rockstargames.com/hc/articles/229514247.For Cheater reports--thank you for reporting abusive members. Rest assured we are looking into the info you provided and will reach out to you if we have any further questions.If you are contacting us because you are worried that you may get banned -- If you have not engaged in any cheating, you do not need to worry about getting suspended or banned. However, we may remove the illegitimately gained funds during one of our sweeps.This ticket will now close--as mentioned above, we will contact you directly if more info is needed.Avoid their games!Banned for what?Doesn't tell you but does give you the middle finger and they aren't going to help you.Best support ever...Best Banning/modding/hacking simulation 2016-2017Avoid public lobby or instant ban! Private session simulator.Played the game under a year and got perma banned even with or without mods/hacks."
,Not Recommended,271590,32438009,Posted: 15 June,all,ErgsAndTerst,"Take Two's recent cease and desist against the OpenIV team was probably theworst PR movefor Grand Theft Auto ever.I've purchased and loved both GTA IV and GTA V for the modding community, and especially in the case of GTA V considering the terrible state of GTA Online and the lack of singleplayer expansions like The Ballad of Gay Tony for GTA IV. Now, instead of paid singleplayer expansions to the game, we are getting garbage Online content.The extremely expensive features included in ""free DLC"" for Online are only meant to sell overpriced Shark Cards to people who don't have the time to grind tens of millions of dollars over the course of several weeks in order to enjoy the new missions, vehicles, weapons, and customizations.The Grand Theft Auto modding scene was the sole reason a person would even think about buying GTA IV on PC because the game wasabsolutely horrendousin terms of optimization, and GTA V's neglected singleplayer is actually enjoyable late-game with the help of mods; however, Take Two has done away with all of that now.I cannot wrap my head around thegreedy, anti-consumer practicesthat businesses are taking recently, and this isn't even confined to game publishers. Net Neutrality is the same kind of problem; take advantage of your loyal consumers in order to make a quick buck but destroy your reputation and brand image in the process.Apparently brand loyalty and image means nothing if people aren't compelled to buy Shark Cards at the drop of each ""free"" DLC."
,Not Recommended,271590,15701181,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Michael Swiss.,"Rockstar are banning people for modding the game in Single Player. Forget the PC gaming expierence, rockstar does not care about us."
,Not Recommended,271590,16322885,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mey Gnomey ♥,1st lobby i got money from hacer2nd lobby i got killed by hacer3rd lobby hacker stole my ammo10/10
76561198106870902,Not Recommended,271590,16437614,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TehTECHYprick,Full of hackers in Online mode and rockstar ♥♥♥♥s with the players.The game is broken while rockstars filled their bank accounts with people's money.
76561198010423636,Not Recommended,271590,16394112,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,blizzard5314,Buy it now while it's on sale for 60 bucks!!!Wait a minute...
76561198122303078,Not Recommended,271590,16488899,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ryl512,"EDIT 6/18: I just decided to start up GTA Online again. Within 10-15 minutes of joining the first session, which had 18 people, a modder killed everyone on the server, removed player's weapons, specifically messed with certain players, and then the modder crashed my game after I called him out in chat. 10/10EDIT: In addition to all of the below, the game has ""periodic entitlement verification"" DRM preventing you from playing offline, requiring you to sign in to Rockstar Social Club to play.I bought the PC version for the same reason as a lot of people, GTA Online. Multiplayer has the potential to last you for hundreds of hours, but uncontrolled modding of GTA Online has completely ruined the experience. When I say uncontrolled, I mean uncontrolled. Every single freeroam session of 20+ eventually gets AT LEAST one modder that wants to ruin other people's fun, within 15 minutes of you joining the lobby, usually less.God mode, explosive bullets, bombing all players in session and crediting other players with the kills (framing them), permanent deletion of other player's personal vehicles and weapons (which cost serious in-game $$ to get), teleportation, unwanted spawning of millions of dollars on top of you, UFOs and ferris wheels becoming attached to you, self-deletion of cheater reports, and literally anything else you can think of can be found in every GTA Online session with a decent amount of people in it. I wish I was exaggerating, but I'm not.The reason for all of this is because Rockstar decided to trust the client with EVERYTHING, instead of setting up any ability to use dedicated servers with some anti-cheat measures. It's all P2P with no limits, no dedicated servers. I have not seen ANY anti-cheat measures. In fact, I used to be able to put up with all the cheaters, but they've just become omnipresent. Before, when the game was first released on PC, there were some cheaters, but they mostly kept to themselves and were satisfied with just god mode. Now, all sorts of things are being done by them, solely to ruin everyone else's fun.I, and many others, simply cannot keep going along with Rockstar's disregard for their customers, and their greed in not being able to set aside part of their BILLIONS of dollars they made off this game for dedicated servers to end the madness.For these reasons, I simply cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,16395469,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MoDSec,"The singleplayer is great. The multiplayer is a large grindy deathmatch. That's it. Racing is alright, but outside of that it's all just deathmatch. Some vehicles even allow you to be almost untouchable. Heck if you blow up someones vehicle which is immune to bullets and has very small holes through which you can shoot the driver, YOU get punished. You have to pay the owner of the vehicles insurance.Before this I would have said that that is the only thing disreputable about the game. The company has proven now to be disreputable though. They've raised the price if the game before sales. During the summersale of 2015 they offered no discount for the base game, and had a 25% discount for a new bundle they made. The bundle? The bundle was a Shark card + the game.The Shark Card only gives you 1.25Million in game whilst making the game cost 20 dollars extra so that they could continue selling the game for the original 60 dollars. 1.25Milion is enough for one large apartment in multiplayer. In singleplayer you get an easy 150Million for just doing the campaign. This is a huge ♥♥♥♥ing scam. Don't bother with this trash. I recomment buying it on ♥♥♥♥♥ where you can get an actual discount instead of buying from these trashy ♥♥♥♥s.If you're in it for the multiplayer or friends, then go for If not don't bother. It's not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,271590,16558449,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Corolla,Why changing the original price during the sale higher is beyond me.
76561198056743245,Not Recommended,271590,32469119,Posted: 16 June,all,Bloom Mundy,"The reason why I also get this game on PC is because I don't play the online mode that often and want to mod the single player.I guess I'm pretty much f*cked right now by taking two up the♥♥♥♥♥♥If anyone is going to try to look on the bright side out of this debacle and leave a positive review by focusing on the gameplay, performance, etc., by all means do it, but try not to be one of those a-holes that tries to be different just for the sake of being different rather than making an actual impact on this situation."
76561198151862517,Not Recommended,271590,20402733,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Retarded Jacket Hellcase.com,It not worth the £40 it Just  modders at every server killing everyone makeing the game bad also Online is laggy and 1 in 5 games you get timed out i cant save my online game or even drive to a store with out LAG  and its not my internet because ive never had lag before in any game until this.
76561198318095660,Not Recommended,271590,24733693,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,乱心DIxin,瞎鸡巴封号
,Not Recommended,271590,24986946,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Taras Chuiko,"Hi. I have got second ban for no reason. I don't understand why. Yesterday i read that I can get ban because I use recording or streaming software. And yes, I was using OBS right before I got ban. I have never used any cheats or mods. I want unban"
76561198170531081,Not Recommended,271590,32570749,Posted: 19 June,all,The Nightman,Was fun while it lasted.
,Not Recommended,271590,32570750,Posted: 19 June,all,Treexlz,Ech
76561198147050342,Not Recommended,271590,34500142,Posted: 26 August,all,Doc.,"This game took my from online over a 8 millions for no reason, and i am a legit player!"
,Not Recommended,271590,24332848,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SouLx.oF.DeviLx,"Been banned for no reason, what we get is just an automated email from your ROBOT.Try to give some specific reason about why we being ban, we didn't use any mod, play any hack or any else. I find out a lot of people meet the same condition with me, please try to improve your automated ban system if you want to use it or else, if your system is not perfect, then don't use it to ban innocent people. Other than that, a lot of people try to post on rockstar support forum and ask for the reason been banned and double check for the account, it could be a mistake ban by your automated system, but you guys just ignore it, seriously, so bad."
76561198134991663,Not Recommended,271590,32447385,Posted: 15 June,all,[col.]nsl_black,"At a point in the past, I would have recomended this game, but resent actions by Take-Two convinced me to not shove down any more money down their, and Rockstars greedy throat. I mean seriously, first they take GTA IVs great online mode and turn it into GTA Vs cash-in machine, and now they are gonna take our modding szene away? No, this game was the last I'll buy!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32463618,Posted: 15 June,all,Chazz It Up!,"Originally purchased this game with the intent of playing and experiencing the beautiful world of GTAV mods. However, the publishers of this game are too overzealous in their greed, and have completely shutdown the popular modding tool known as ""OpenIV"" has been forced to shut down due to cease and desist requests from Take-Two. Rockstar released a state claiming it is to prevent Malicious modding for Online, however this has blatent ulterior motives. Why would Rockstar suddenly care about cheating in a game that has been out for almost 4 years with another rumored sequel in development?  It is highly dubious why a company would put this much time, effort, money, and legal resources into preventing the development of a tool for mods to simply stop cheating years after it already peaked. The more likely answer: they're afraid people will avoid Online if they have mods to use, so they lose profit from people no longer buying overpriced items such as the Shark Cash Cards which cost up to 100 Dollars, NEARLY TWICE THE PRICE OF THE BASE GAME. AND THIS IS JUST TO USE MONEY TO ACTUALLY BUY THINGS THAT ARE ALREADY IN THE DAMN GAME. Rockstar and Take-Two are both simply companies, and companies care about money, they would not spend their own money and resources unless it directly benefitted them. I do not recommend this product as both Rockstar and Take-Two have killed my enjoyment for their own personal gain, and they could care less who else they ♥♥♥♥ over in the process. Take-Two is definitely an appropriate name for this publisher, I wish I could have a second take on actually buying this disappointment."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447378,Posted: 15 June,all,misterbingo,hell yeah nothing like a cease and desist against people trying to make your game fun
,Not Recommended,271590,32626662,Posted: 21 June,all,J1ML4R,RIP OpenIV.Go to hell Take Two and Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,32447358,Posted: 15 June,all,Wolfetariat,"The one thing you could have done to make me come back and play this game after money grubbing policies and massive amounts of grinding, you ban. Good job rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,32535123,Posted: 18 June,all,FLUX,Killing the game by banning OpenIV and potentially destroying the entire mod community including roleplaying.
76561198044157154,Not Recommended,271590,32535140,Posted: 18 June,all,Day,They really done did it themselves this time
,Not Recommended,271590,16607995,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,=NBI= FrogmanOYa14,"My most expensive cars always get deleted from the online part of the game. ""maybe they're just destroyed"" everyone says. I'm not an idiot. I've looked at everything to make sure that they're actually gone. Having my nicest cars deleted is extremely annoying and it has pushed me away from the game. P.S. I don't mod, glitch money or anything of the sort. I play the game totally vanilla."
76561197973079595,Not Recommended,271590,16608795,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,williaml2,Just stop giving GTA any more money!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,16950909,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,madsenburg | eclipse-darkrp.com,وقف كسر لعبة سخيف كنت الزنوج
76561198025516437,Not Recommended,271590,17129312,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Eat Red Meat,If you think your going to have fun playing multiplayer think again. With the addition of modding and the lack of anti cheat/hack software it is hard to find any servers with out several people who are invincible teleporting around with automatic cannon pistols. I would also find it hard to belive that any one would consider buying the in game cash with some of the hackers handing out millions like it was candy making heist and jobs nearly pointless as well. I have been waiting and waiting hoping they might fix this but.... my hope is gone and with it so is my potential sale for the next game.
76561198076289434,Not Recommended,271590,16360069,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Chao-Zu,"R* Support has the worst I've ever seen, but they made a good game though"
,Not Recommended,271590,32552141,Posted: 18 June,all,Tetrology,"I do not mod personally but i feel bad for the people that do, thousands of people bought it on pc just fot the modding, really the only reason this games still alive."
76561198037534829,Not Recommended,271590,33435435,Posted: 10 July,all,Gigglefiend,"Wanna hear a joke?GTA: OnlineThey abandoned all ideas for Single Player DLC when they realized they could just make a grindfest online mode, filled with hackers (both good and bad ones) and the open world events are pretty barren, the missions in online seem empty. For a game that's always on steam's top sales list, it seems awfully empty and boring. Reason for that? Single Player with mods is the most fun thing about this game. Then they got the idea to force us to play Online by taking away mods.Can I say anything positive about this game, nope the time I put into the game I can honestly say I've enjoyed very little of it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32484351,Posted: 16 June,all,[W-G]๖ۣۜMorty Hilth๖ۣۜ [Alleged],"So i bought This game Generally To Have Fun.When i go online i just crash because my internet is crap.So all i do is mod GTA Singleplayer.After This ♥♥♥♥ing ban on Modding By Take Two. Theyre Sales gone down,Players gone down.The only reason theyre doing this is to get ppl to play online and get shark cards so that Their Company can get money,I personally enjoy this game but my enjoyment went from 100-0 in A MilliSecond because of this.Not Proud Rockstar.GO make some money not like u already have billions and want trillions.♥♥♥♥ off Rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,19316705,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Zack,"Hackers spawn UFO on your head, kills you, steals your money, gives you stolen money and cause you get banned. They are the gods of the freaking game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448485,Posted: 15 June,all,ég vil deyja,"Great Game, Awful Publishers. It sucks having to give a negative review, but with what Take Two is doing, there is no other choice."
,Not Recommended,271590,32599789,Posted: 20 June,all,Hidden,It was a really good game before...Before this  dlcs and a lot of thing what made game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥.Like unreal ways to make money or thing what happened to OpenIV...Now game looks like Sh@t...
76561198055637115,Not Recommended,271590,34649411,Posted: 31 August,all,Gnarwhal,i was mostly ok with this game until very recently. i randomly get notifications that they deducted money from my account for no reason. i have lost several million dollars because of this and am offered no explanation. is this their way of forcing you to buy shark cards?
76561198015972540,Not Recommended,271590,32675496,Posted: 23 June,all,Bready,#♥♥♥♥Take-Two #♥♥♥♥Konami
76561197976049116,Not Recommended,271590,32451770,Posted: 15 June,all,Glazby,"Good Job Take2, congratulations on screwing over this game going against R* and everything its promoted."
,Not Recommended,271590,32601740,Posted: 20 June,all,Basil Brainless,"First, I couldn't even get the damn game to work on my PC due to this game being unoptimized trash. How i even managed to get 200+ hours in this unoptimized trash shocks me. When I did for a short period of time, progressing in GTA online is a ♥♥♥♥♥ of a grind, and not a fun one to say the least because playing with randoms isn't fun in this game. And to add insult to injury, now with Take-Two's cokehead executives going against mods now, what's the point in going back now?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32480745,Posted: 16 June,all,MonkeyDown11,Rip modding
76561198098621574,Not Recommended,271590,32498259,Posted: 17 June,all,SladeEnigmaShadow,OpenIV send their regards.
,Not Recommended,271590,32547336,Posted: 18 June,all,Varacka,I want to thank take two/rockstar for showing their true colors. I will never be giving them another dime. Epic fail for blocking/shutting down openIV.
76561198071051775,Not Recommended,271590,32311868,Posted: 10 June,all,nickftw1234,"In my honest opinion the Single Player Story was great and I enjoyed playing it quite alot and absolutely the single player should get the ""I recommend you to get"" part of this review. However when it comes to GTA Online which Rockstar claims that its a ""free"" addition to the people that buy GTA V.I will just say this: the online community is toxic at best. I was grinding CEO missions with my friends and this random guy comes along and sabotages my sell mission. His reply in chat? ""Come and get me"". I was absolutely baffled by this... the guy that blows up the cargo gets almost zilch out of it and we are pretty sure we did not interact with him in anyway prior but no he did it just cause he can. I admittedly after this decided wow the public sessions of online are almost impossible to have fun in unless its for drag racing with friends while avoiding rockets being shot at your cars. So I decided to search up on google if there is a way for me to isolate me and my friends to our own separate public session with just me and my friends and no one else so we can do our CEO missions in peace.Sure Enough we found that on Windows we can use Task Manager to lag ourselves out into a ""private"" public session and grind our money that way. Everything should be hunky dory right? why not recommended?Cos Rockstar just listed the Task Manager part of the Windows OS as an illegal third party program and is bannable. Right now I dare not log onto GTA Online cos A) Community is toxic and B) There is no point if you arent going to get any progress. Also With Rockstar listing a Windows Operating System Software as ""Illegal"" I would not be surprised if I get banned cos my OS is Windows 10.Rockstar just took the one thing we legit players need to survive in GTA Online away from us. The Task Manager method was the only thing we could use to keep ourselves safe and protected from the hackers and d***s in this game. Right now the CEO missions and the MC Club is a thing of the past for me and my friends as we spend our time in private sessions doing missions that get us at most 100k-200k at a time. To be downgraded to 100k per mission when previously you made millions at a time? its just a huge letdown."
,Not Recommended,271590,32648454,Posted: 22 June,all,William,"Was a great game, but after recent events they have ♥♥♥♥ed it right up."
76561198035787807,Not Recommended,271590,34507861,Posted: 26 August,all,Wizardhermit,"Had some extra money so i bought some shark cards, Rockstar took it all back and left me with 70k and out i don't want to say how much. 70k isnt even enough to pay my daily property/staff bills. Don't buy shark cards and Don't buy this game, they will literally rob you.Edit: Sent in a Ticket with files and reports attached that account for all my GTA money including a purchase history of all shark card's as well as a full dxdiag and msinfo report as they requested. They sent me a copy/paste response stating it was ""illegitimate funds"" and redirected me to the support topic.Edit:  Logged in yesterday to find my account ""recorrected"" and got my money back. Though I was never contacted about it through email or support ticket. Still not cool though, keeping negative review for now."
76561197991181155,Not Recommended,271590,34521076,Posted: 26 August,all,DeltaN9ne,"Rockstar is stealing legitimately gained money from players, again, and at the same time just put shark cards on sale. Very slimy R*, we do not appreciate the overpriced in game items to begin with, but this is complete BS and you are missing off a lot of loyal and honest fans. Get your heads out of your a$$e$."
76561198052896474,Recommended,271590,19977356,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,☢Gayc Unt,"GTA is a great game, really love the offline mode and most of the online mode suck as Survials, Heists, Races and more but the only problem is the amount of modders there are on PC who ruin your freeroam lobibies and fun, this game is better on console with less modders but still a good buy"
,Not Recommended,271590,32504905,Posted: 17 June,all,Father Ukrainian $un Mob Do$h,Pirate it!
76561198003966725,Not Recommended,271590,32744348,Posted: 24 June,all,Hipolymerduck,"I like how R* took all 4.8 million of my hard earned in game money just before the update. I don't cheat, I don't hack. WTF. Trying to get a hold of them is extremely difficult. Please, if you haven't spent money on this game yet, don't. It's full of hackers, and R* will randomly remove your money without reason. I didn't even get a damn email.*Update*I've been in contact with R* support. They utterly refuse to look into it, past the fact that some algorithm claimed I was cheating. I've asked them to provide proof twice, they don't even acknowledge the request. They keep linking me to bullsht articles about how cheating will lead to bans and money grabs. I've played this game since launch, I have over 2300 hours, but I cheated 4.5 million... ♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar."
76561197983030147,Not Recommended,271590,32477574,Posted: 16 June,all,Roogle,You know why.
,Not Recommended,271590,32677038,Posted: 23 June,all,Porkie778,Modding is over for this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,33208512,Posted: 3 July,all,That's Dirty!,Banned modding. RIP reviews.
,Not Recommended,271590,32495985,Posted: 16 June,all,Ford Police Interceptor Utility,OpenIV has NOTHING to do with people HACKING in GTA ONLINE!OpenIV has NOTHING to do with people HACKING in GTA ONLINE!OpenIV has NOTHING to do with people HACKING in GTA ONLINE!OpenIV has NOTHING to do with people HACKING in GTA ONLINE!LET OpenIV live!    LET OpenIV live!    LET OpenIV live!    LET OpenIV live!    LET OpenIV live!
,Not Recommended,271590,32658147,Posted: 22 June,all,Tygron,"So they're taking legal action against mods AND now this ""sale"" where they raise the price of the game to then put it at 50% off so it's the same price of what it was before the sale? Like really guys? ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32529280,Posted: 18 June,all,Кнабструппер,Story is good but the online is complete trash.
76561197984841401,Not Recommended,271590,32496002,Posted: 16 June,all,Hyvok,Without OpenIV this game is useless. Very stupid and poor decision by T2.
,Not Recommended,271590,32615892,Posted: 21 June,all,StankyChicken,"Rockstar my dude, you dun goofed. Also never used a mod in my life but that's a dog act."
,Not Recommended,271590,33162343,Posted: 2 July,all,Mahdniss,"I am not leaving a bad review due to the recent OpenIV catastrophe. I just think this game is literally garbage. The mechanics suck, the economy is rigged, and the online community is so toxic that there should be a toxicity label on the cover.That pretty much sums it up!"
76561198106813401,Not Recommended,271590,32592082,Posted: 20 June,all,Schlockwork (Alex),"It was a magical game, but stiffled by money grabbing corporates!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32658305,Posted: 22 June,all,BOT fallen,Take Two and Rockstar ruined a great online game by removing mods. Don't buy !!
76561198136320061,Not Recommended,271590,32671749,Posted: 23 June,all,Asimov,Don't ban Open IV. Modding makes games great.Don't support take 2.
,Not Recommended,271590,32554404,Posted: 18 June,all,lostsupper,"This is a disappointing sequel to GTA IV in every way. The AI has been dumbed down, vehicle physics and pedestrian simulations are absent, and it somehow feels like a smaller game despite having a larger play area.If GTA Online interests you, be warned that the hacking is so prevalent that long-term progress is effectively impossible. I wish Rockstar would have delivered on the promise of single-player DLC instead of focusing on selling us more outfits.I'd say ""go back and replay GTA IV,"" but Rockstar has elected to stop supporting that game now that they have your money.♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ this publisher."
,Not Recommended,271590,29812292,Posted: 9 February,all,Mcbutterhuff,and now they want to stop the only thing people acutal use to play this 6 years later i guess there shark card says are going down beaucse there taking it out on there own community i hope they go ♥♥♥♥ them selfs the community and people who buy ur products are the only reaonse why your company is even around so i hope ur new thinking will leave company in the dark hole you cant get out of and online is full of modders who dont have any skill to play the game the just sit hidden and use mods to blow u up every 5 seconds there is just no point in even trying to play this game online the only way to play it without some♥♥♥♥♥hat modded is to play in solo session with no one or if u have a couple of friends who still even play this game and rockstar doesnt do anything about it thats the crazy part they just ban u if you use mods to give yourself money because they want you to buy shark cards
,Not Recommended,271590,32499435,Posted: 17 June,all,b0dylessch1cken,"Yeah, nice mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32499443,Posted: 17 June,all,Cecil Spagooter,"""Gibe me money plees"" RockstarThey do let you buy anything with your in-game money, however they set the car prices insanely high so that you will need to buy 'Shark-Cards' unless you are to spend a TON of time in-game  grinding for in-game money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32500834,Posted: 17 June,all,DeadSky,How can we destroy the game? Let's stop the modding XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
76561198001664600,Not Recommended,271590,32500859,Posted: 17 June,all,Cpt.Awesome,welp no mods for gta 5 they prob just want you to buy stuff
,Not Recommended,271590,32779505,Posted: 25 June,all,DonaldXiong,"180 hrs of work and a lv90 character, rip!Nicely Done, Rockstar! I mean it.180个小时的搬砖时间和一个90级的人物，GGR星，干的漂亮！"
,Not Recommended,271590,32517500,Posted: 17 June,all,no,No modding anymore. ♥♥♥♥ off with your shark cards.
76561198135901938,Not Recommended,271590,32532818,Posted: 18 June,all,Long second;second++;,Where is my OPIV???
,Recommended,271590,20065665,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FuBsian,In my opinion the best game ever made.Every single detail of it is well made. It has an awesome story and a good multiplayer mode.
,Not Recommended,271590,32466457,Posted: 16 June,all,Piruka,Rockstar only cares about Shark Cards and Take-Two is banning mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32442038,Posted: 15 June,all,PFC Haupt [29th Ret.],First of all i would like to tell Take Two and Rockstar you can SUCK IT!Take Two and Rockstar have decided that appeaently modding SINGLE PLAYER is bad...... They have sent a Cease and Desist order to the Devs of openIV! I will NEVER buy another game made by R* or 2K! Until they allow us to continue mod our games!From every Modder and user of mods **** You!Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3
76561198103460068,Not Recommended,271590,29954568,Posted: 15 February,all,leileijoker,"If you're considering buying this game for the online, I would not recommend you to do so. Because GTAV online is really hard to enjoy. Don't get me wrong, I believe the game play design itself is brilliant. But there are few things always ruins my experience. First of all, there's too much waiting. At least half of my gaming time wasted in the endless waiting for either the loading screens or other players to join. Loading screen is not likely to be solved ever, but why can't rockstar just assign few AI players for me to play the missions when there's not enough players? Second, GTAV probably have the most unfriendly community of all online games. You can find cheaters in most servers but they never get the puniment they deserve. And there are so many 13 year old just kill on sight for no reason and always blaming others in the Heists. After I done all the heist missions, I don't feel like to go back and play anymore."
76561198104055290,Not Recommended,271590,29965367,Posted: 16 February,all,West Moon Doggie,"So i bought this game onsale and inteded to play with my friends online. after a 3 hr download and a tutorial i was up and running online. i played a couple games with a friend and after about an hr and 30 min i was banned for 30 days. i went to customer support, but the entire system is automated and all bans are final. i then called customer support and they told me the same think, like they were reading off a script. ive never played a gta game before now and i dont think i ever will, or any other Rockstar game for that matter. the game is fun, but i dont see the point of paying $30 for a game that you can be banned from for no apparent reason for an entire mounth. send you money elsewere, like on saints row."
76561197988367411,Not Recommended,271590,22280329,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Zebra Lionfish,"I would have started this review with a recomendation but turns out the automatic banning system they have set up is flawed online. I recieved an automatic ban until the end of the year while I throwing grenades at police helicopters. Disputed it, explained my story and asked for a reason for the ban. My post was edited to ""This is a complaint about ban"", responded with an automatic message explaining that they have an automatic banning system in place and the terms of use then deleted a day later. Tired asking again, demanded a reason for the ban. I then got an email that my account is now flagged for breaching terms of use. I wish there was a way to get my damn money back because they can apparently ban you without notice or reason. Not happy >:(TL;DROnline mode monitored by a flawed automatic ban hammer and will never get reviewd or get a response that isn't a pre-typed message"
,Not Recommended,271590,32472553,Posted: 16 June,all,Dip-Man,"They are killing SINGLEPLAYER modding to force people into GTA Online so they can milk them dry.Let me explain. Take-Two Interactive (the parent company of Rockstar) has issued a cease and desist to the people behind Open IV, a mod and very much a platform which is needed to run more than 50% of all SP mods. They claim that Open IV (which affects ONLY SINGLEPLAYER) enables recent malicious mods that allow harassment of players (in MP). This gives the idea that hacks and mods in MP are a recent thing. But they are not, hackers have been rampaging and continue to rampage in GTA Online through out it's life. So instead of dealing with already existing hacks and thus improve the MP experience, they kill off the largest SINGLEPLAYER mod and mod platform.So it is clear that they do not care for the actual MP experience (which is itself very grindy and pushy to microtransactions), but instead want to limit players options and focus them to GTA Online. They also state by issuing the cease and desist that modding SINGLEPLAYER is now illegal or if you want to do so, you may risk having to fight an incredibly expensive court battle.The fact is that instead of contacting Open IV team and talking it over, they chose to brute force them via legal means.Also Take Two Interactive CEO is worried consumers will realize they are being milked with microtransactions#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYou can’t give stuff away for free in perpetuity; there’s no business model in that. But we’re not trying to optimise the monetiziation of everything we do to the nth degree. My concern is, if you do that, the consumer knows. They might not even know that they know, but they feel it.So no, I do not recommend buying this title at full price, even possibly at a discount, they seem to be very much anti-consumer and want to strong-arm the players as they see fit."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472665,Posted: 16 June,all,gus,Banning openIv was a big mistake
76561197999122017,Not Recommended,271590,24064697,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,pscryan,Grand theft auto 5 may be a great game but I would never know! I purchased it directly from the steam store downloaded it completely and hit install. When it asked me to enter the CD key I viewed the CD key from the steam menu and copied it to the clipboard. When rockstar social club asked me to enter the CD key before I play the game the entire field is grayed out and I cannot paste in or type in the CD key despite running as an administrator and Windows. I went to the forums on steam and there are several suggestions as to how to solve this problem none of which worked. When I went to rockstar's website and tried to get information on how to reset my social club account so that I can log into the website and perhaps into the CD key that way I received a Russian language email back in my mailbox! I've had enough of this I'm returning the game do not buy it from steam the problem may be that is links to an old version of social club but I can't fix it and I can't get tech support too bad I really want to play this
76561198267904390,Not Recommended,271590,28520015,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Danfish,"An amazing game, brought down by the stupid social club and Rockstar's inability to put their game on sale, and micrtransactions in a full price game."
,Not Recommended,271590,28520017,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,THOTDESTROYER,"I would recommend this game because it's a great game, but Social Club and Rockstar Support are ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious messes. Social Club is REQUIRED even if you want to play offline, and Rockstar Support will permaban you for no reason with no ability to appeal.And big companies wonder why piracy is an issue."
,Not Recommended,271590,28523160,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mombles,DLC too expensive. Would not be too bad if shark cards were reasonably priced but they aren't.
76561197970897152,Not Recommended,271590,29556940,Posted: 28 January,all,RK Limes,"This game is great.  Multiplayer is an absolute mess.  Joining and creating jobs or missions is a chore, and once the mission is done you're put back into a different game than your friends. Even if you joined from a private game."
76561198156685369,Not Recommended,271590,24115792,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,StraightOuttaDankNam,The Rockstarr Support is terrible.
,Not Recommended,271590,29547854,Posted: 28 January,all,Irelevus Murloc,"Quite frankly, it's become nothing more than a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grab, the Story Mode is engaging enough for a while, and the Online mode is incredibly fun, but it becomes impossible to make money in the Online mode, it takes hours and hours of grinding to earn a substantial amount. Why is it so hard to make a decent buck? Cuz Rockstar wants you to buy Sharkards, it's their way of earning even more money from a game that has had no dip in sales and the price of which has barely even changed.Therefore I recommend not to get this, download it illegaly if you really want to play the Story, but the Online game is simply not worth it anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,23639290,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,White Gandalf,To many problams always trying to start it up
76561198154130839,Not Recommended,271590,28520179,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dictator_DMT,"Keep in mind this is an GTA Online review.Overall the game was fun, I've had it since it's release on PS3 and even bought again through Steam. So that's about 3 years of progress... that was completely erased. I was banned as soon as I set up a vehicle cargo sale. I was playing the game off and on yesterday, then ""You have been banned and all progress reverted."" It was a surreal moment. I then contacted support via email and phone, both were useless. The phone line just did the same thing, but with a  hold time of 20 minutes total, and a voice that hangs up on you. The agent literally just read what I had already recieved via my request ticket.Most sessions you join, you'll find a modder placing skyscrapers, marine wildlife, windmills, and giving out cash while flying like superman. Oh and did I mention the invincible harrier jets, lag, and long loading screens? The first part was kinda funny to witness honestly, but what does it matter if I loose everything I legitimately play for?I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ONLINE. If you're looking to just play single player, it is fun, but never expanded."
,Not Recommended,271590,16416941,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Shell Shock,"At the current condition of the online multiplayer - I cannot recommend this game.The online multiplayer has been ruined by modders who will either flood you with unnecessary amounts of GTA$, spawn useless items on/near you or kill every player on the map instantly. 75% if not more of all online sessions have a modder in it. Rockstar has made no attempt at all to stop the massive amount of cheaters and until they do my review will remain negative.besides the multiplayer modders, it is actually a fun and addictive game with a very entertaining single player story mode as well. With that said, I still cannot recommend that anybody purchase this game at full price."
,Not Recommended,271590,34514071,Posted: 26 August,all,Jay Sung Derulo,They remove your money if you grind too much during the double money periods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32613162,Posted: 21 June,all,Maverick「🔰」,Take Two has gone too far.
,Not Recommended,271590,29324097,Posted: 17 January,all,Ninjuca,Greeeedy Online.
,Not Recommended,271590,32431650,Posted: 15 June,all,King-Pie,Publishers Take Two are trying to kill the modding scene - do not buy
,Not Recommended,271590,32536777,Posted: 18 June,all,Clark,Killing the modding community gg
76561198072676981,Not Recommended,271590,35190649,Posted: 24 September,all,Filzinski,pile of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031754927,Not Recommended,271590,35191635,Posted: 24 September,all,Finlandball,"GTA Online started with really good intentions. But Rockstar couldn't keep the servers up. When they fixed that, people hacked it to oblivion. When they slowed that down the content jumped the shark. (Lets pay over a million for a Hipster pinto.) Then the hackers came back. The Comunity is ironicly toxic, and the developers are deaf to the pleas of anything but the most hard core 12 year old. If some one isn't hacking the game to steal your money, then they are hacking the game to autokill you, or they are hacking the game to buy nearly invurnable (Rockstar made) Vehicles that can be only killed by spending millions on other nearly invurnable (Rockstar made) vehicles. Saint's Row jumped the shark first (Saint's Row 4) but GTA threw away their realism to sell more Million dollar ugly hyper cars and Missile launching tanks that can only be realisticly made with microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,271590,35211702,Posted: 25 September,all,Sleepy Matt,"If you're looking to have fun, look somewhere else. ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ rockstar, and ♥♥♥♥ take 2. Not only does this game run like dogshit, they fill the online portion with hours of grinding so you end up doing the same repetitive♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over until you either quit or cave and buy a shark card, which are insanely overpriced for the small amount that they give you. I also cannot run this game properly, even after reinstalling drivers, on a GTX 1070 and an i5 4690, this game runs like absoulute♥♥♥♥♥ Its borderline unplayable at spots, especially when it comes to driving and flying. The game literally locks up for 3 seconds or more sometimes, making it virtually unplayable. You can't even have fun online because the♥♥♥♥♥♥developers refuse to do anything about the huge hacker issue going around, and they punish legit players by making them grind for hours on end or spend huge amounts of money on shark cards while hackers get to roam free and do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want. Also cheated me out of hours of grinding due to deceptive wording in game when in came to the vehicle cargo.. tricked me into buying a useless ♥♥♥♥ing garage instead of what I actually needed because the game doesn't try to distinguish the 2. Bottom line, ♥♥♥♥ this game, its an unplayable grind fest with performance issues and a ♥♥♥♥ing F2P business model, which is pathetic considering how well the game has sold and is still selling, yet they STILL try to milk the legit players for all their worth. TWO FAT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DOWN!!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32441336,Posted: 15 June,all,SpookyBobarino,♥♥♥♥ off killing off mods
,Not Recommended,271590,35211688,Posted: 25 September,all,jefé,"A very good game ruined by a publishers greed. Prices in-game are constantly going up in order to get people to buy more shark cards. Even if you do buy shark cards, the money can (and probably will) be removed from your account as ""illegitmate funds"". Cheat detection is a joke and you can be punished for someone else in the lobby hacking. Support for this game is the worst I have ever seen. Any ticket you submit will be ignored and closed with a copy-paste line of bull. Don't even buy this game when it's on sale, it's not worth it anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,35213170,Posted: 25 September,all,Fireworkspie,"It pains me to say it, but I just can't recommend this game at all. I got sucked into believing that all the negative reviews were just some old farts who didn't enjoy such a well-crafted game, but it turns out that they were all telling the truth. Grand Theft Auto V sucks, and I'll explain why.GTA V is set in Los Santos, California, essentially a videogame rendition of Los Angelos. The singleplayer story mode revolves around three main characters: Franklin, Michael, and Trevor. Franklin is a black man placed in a stereotypically hood life setting out in a sketchy neighborhood in Los Santos, where he deals with car insurance fraud, drug deals gone wrong, and his gangster friends who want to try to integrate him more into the dirty business that they deal with, much to Franklin's displeasure. Franklin, while not necessarily looking down on crime, just wants to get himself in a more sophisticated position than some hood life gangster. Michael is a middle-high class white man in his 40s who has supposedly moved past a life of crime, which included bank heisting in his 30s with other main character Trevor. Michael is the father in a dysfunctional family, and over the course of the story realizes that maybe life as a criminal really is the best option. Trevor is a redneck living in the outer skirts of Los Santos with a lust for blood. The man is a psycho who will kill in an instant given the slightest reason to. I don't actually remember much of the story, but it essentially consists of the three men getting together, doing heists, and realizing their problems yada yada yada. What I do remember is that the story is actually really good and very interesting at most points, definitely makes you want to keep playing it for many hours. The game and its story plays like any other GTA game, smash cars, drive cars, shoot people, kill people, get money, get rich, buy rich people stuff, be a cool criminal guy. Pretty fun singleplayer mode overall.GTA 5 also has a multiplayer setting. Here players are given their very own character to customize and play around with. In multiplayer the player can interact with other online players where they can amass wealth, participate in heists, race vehicles, explode stuff, kill stuff, go to strip clubs, or just hang out. Get rich, buy rich people stuff, and flaunt it to other people. It's a good time.Or is it?I'm not even listing a PROS sections for this game. It doesn't deserve it.CONS:-The game is incredibly poorly optimized for PC. This game was released in 2013. 4 years ago, if you will. And yet my modern gaming laptop with an i7 core processor and a fairly modern Nvidia graphics card can barely run this game. The game renders very slowly on my laptop and overall runs very poorly, which is unacceptable. I have games on this computer that are much more recent than GTA V, and yet they run infinitely better than GTA V does.-The never-ending loading screen. You've probably heard it so much that it's become a meme at this point, but it is so very true. Just loading into the game itself takes ages. And then you get into the game and you realize it wasn't worth the wait.-Far too many controls on far too many different buttons. How the hell do console players get all their controls on one controller, while PC players for some reason have to use 75% of the keyboard to control the game? I actually had to re-map half the controls because flying vehicles for some reason have to be controlled with the number pad, and I don't have a number pad. While re-mapping the controls, I realized that there were virtually no buttons left to map anything onto. And the game won't let you map two controls to the same button, so for some reason I can't map W to be my walk forward key and my ""pitch helicopter forward key"" even though I would never be walking and piloting a helicopter at the same time. Extremely frustrating.-Multiplayer in general. I'll talk more about certain aspects, but once again this is another meme that is completely true.-The multiplayer community sucks. In a lobby of 20 people, 10 of them are annoying 10-12 year olds with irresponsible parents, 4 of them are hackers/modders actively trying to interfere with other players' experiences, 4 of them are a bunch of friends doing heists/races, and 2 of them are actually tolerable human beings playing GTA Online.-The grind for money in GTA Online is unreal. Unless if you play this game for at least 4 hours a day, 7 days a week, you will legitamately never get anything. Cars are expensive, car mods are expensive, DLC stuff is expensive. Everything is too damn expensive and there are too few ways to get cash fast and efficiently. So what's Rockstar's solution? Offer cash cards for real money that offer very limited amounts of GTA Online money. Pathetic.-There's probably a crap-ton more stuff, but honestly I'm getting tired of writing about this game so I'm just gonna stop.2/10 I'm only giving it a 2 because the story is interesting.PSA: Please if you are a parent looking to buy this for your child, don't if your child is under 18. There are so many reasons why this game should not be played by <18 year olds. Graphic sexual content, EXTREME levels of profanity, very adult themes, high amounts of violence, on and on and on and on and on. Absolutely nothing that a child should be exposed to. Even as an adult some of the material in this game is very unsettleingly graphic to me."
76561198134858074,Not Recommended,271590,19116717,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Sagitarii.,"It looks all fun and stuff but its really not because you have to grind for hours, days, weeks for the real ""fun"". Wasn't the fun part supposed to be the missions? Atleast the dlcs are free but i would rather give 10 dollars for a dlc and get all the features. We have shark cards which are micro transactions that are not really needed BUT The game is desinged to make you buy them because missions pay you like 10k... Now you will say ""Oh, you're just a hater you can do heists if you want!"" well if i could find 4 people who like to do the same mission 10 times for a car i might try it once... Even if you get the money and buy your dream car somehow a new dlc will release and you will see more cool stuff that you want and it will just go on like this. You see, you grind, you buy and then another dlc comes... Be aware of the huge grind before buying"
,Not Recommended,271590,15691019,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,abigolbowloffruit,Banned for singleplayer mods. ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,15694572,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,put the ochimchim in the tamanko,"The game is fun, but with the current state of affairs concerning mods and Rockstar's business model, it's best to avoid buying it for now."
76561198064318507,Not Recommended,271590,15686029,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Carebox™,Rockstar is banning people for using mods in GTA V. Even the players who're using a FOV mod are getting banned. Maybe next time fix your FOV so that people don't need to use mods if you don't want people to use mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,15692394,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ROG_Agent,"Yeah, have another downvote.#FreeTheMods"
,Not Recommended,271590,15683010,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ducky Canard,Rockstar hates mods :(
,Not Recommended,271590,15690919,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Tedei,No mods screw this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,15691831,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Joeoeo,Jumping onto the BANNEDwaggon see what i did there? Rockstar is not supporting mods. I'm not supporting Rockstar.
76561197980447483,Not Recommended,271590,15696828,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Zeekyo,Bans you for installing mods!
,Not Recommended,271590,15691003,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Filthy F@#kin' Spoon,"SP is great, MP is empty cause everyone getting banned."
76561198038465022,Not Recommended,271590,15692327,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TheRedPuffin,"""You want SP Mods? How about go ♥♥♥♥ yourself!"" - Rockstar"
76561197972366016,Not Recommended,271590,15691705,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,The Confrontation,"The game is a good game for all the reasons you already know about since it is over a year old but I have 2 main issues. At the time of this review ALL modders are getting bans. Even single player modders are getting ban from bots that don't know any better. I could live with out the mods but the hacking I can't deal with. It's so bad I actively stay away from PvP. Even without the hacks the game cant seem to completely separate Free aim users and assisted aim users. You WILL end up playing in games with assisted aiming and you will be at a massive disadvantage. With those issues affecting PvP the online gamplay really doesn't capture your attention for long. Sure the heists are fun and there are PvE missions but it becomes very repetitive. I can run most of these with my eyes closed at this point. The worse part is there isn't much rockstar can do about the hacks issue since they where dumb enough to allow things like your current health to be stored client side instead of server side.I want to recomend this game, I REALLY do, but until they can fix my issues with PvP I just can't. If you enjoy strict PvE and have friends you can mess around with in free roam. Great game. The single player is also awesome. if you want to play against people, move along."
,Not Recommended,271590,15700658,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Ryhida,"Though only minor, each patch is slowly making the game worse rather than making it better. Sure Online has fewer hackers now, but not being able to play due to the worsing memory leaks is another. Then you have people getting bans for mods, graphical quality being reduced and all the other stuff...-Another Patch, another drop in performance. GG--Another Patch, another drop in performance. Seems stuttering is also getting worse. Guess giving GTA5 an SSD doesn't work.--And.... It's dead. It's so bad now that playing the game is near impossible. Great work! GREAT F'ing WORK!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15681087,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Xelmarkis,Allows moddingBans people for modding
76561198034569804,Not Recommended,271590,15700929,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,xXSFCShAdOwXx,Game gives me RAM usage errors on minimum settings when i have 8GB RAM and you get banned online for using mods in singleplayer. Worst game i have on Steam right now.Edit: Two years after I made this review I would like to add one thing. Thanks TakeTwo for ruining this game for me.
,Not Recommended,271590,15681311,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Gal Gadot's Play Toy,If I could get a refund I would. The only reason I bought this for a THIRD time!! was to play mods I didn’t care about the graphics or anything like that I just wanted to play mods like GTA 4 but of course with the last update that Rockstar released they managed to ban all mods AND ban me from online on ALL systems. So all I can say is nice going Rockstar wait until everyone buys your trash game to ban all the cool mods that make your game good.
,Not Recommended,271590,34777870,Posted: 6 September,all,Immature Fecal Spore,"after trying to party up with my friends for 45 min and failling, i began reading all of these reviews about people gettting robbed, this game cannot be supported anymore."
76561198053299196,Not Recommended,271590,35193635,Posted: 24 September,all,DarkShadowBlade,"It's not fun in terms of Multiplayer, everything is overpriced to make you buy shark cards. The single player is also somewhat lacking as it's not fun to replay the game. GTA SA has more to it and that game is over a decade old. Hopefully RStar doesn't ruin RDR 2 with microtrash."
76561197995816212,Not Recommended,271590,32448935,Posted: 15 June,all,Chikawowwow,No reason to own this game on PC
76561198064294179,Not Recommended,271590,35458781,Posted: 3 October,all,Mercer,do you want to be bothered by modders who turn on god mode and just mess up everything?do you want easy money with by a 12 year old who gives random money to player in lobbies?do you want to feel so small cause of rockstar doing really nothing to combat these playersthen this game is for you!thank you rockstar for making me feel like a piece of s*it ^^
76561198277568446,Not Recommended,271590,35206807,Posted: 25 September,all,BrokenScriptz,"Don't buy this game unless you are willing to spend several hundred dollars on shark cards from the beginning. Making legitimate money keeps getting harder to do, and Rockstar doesn't help by adding more and more over powered vehicles to the game that only people that already have lots of money can buy. Think getting your own motorcycle club will help make you money? Nope, with the new smugglers run update, any random person can just fly by and make you fail the mission with the click of one button. But possibly the worst thing Rockstar has done is enabling hackers. I don't know how you mess up a game so much that someone with a the right hacks can do all the things they can. Fixing the bugs that allow players to do this should be priority number one, not adding in more over powered planes. Even if you are abled to identify the hacker, and locate the report button, their is not cheating or hacking options to report them for. One final thing, I personaly find the recoil, or lack there of, on some of the guns stupid and just ruin the purpose on having different types of weapons. Why use what should be a more accurate rifle, when the machine gun is just as accurate, has a higher fire rate, and does more damage.That makes pvp feel quite revolting to me."
,Not Recommended,271590,35249373,Posted: 27 September,all,♠ Rick Deckard ♠,i use to play lots of gta online on ps4 and ps3 and was so happpy whene i got a pc so i could play online but from the day i bought it nothing but moders all over the place so most of the 151.7  hrs i have on record are mostly nothing but single player i dont even touch the multyplayer because i am afraid of lossing the the little amount of money i got hoping till a day whene there servers are free of cheaters but you and i know that aint going to happend so i must give it a negative review i you relly want to play these game online just get a xbox one or ps4 but even then i think its a bit late to join the online world ill be nothing but a rat race same mission over and over to get money un less you want to buy shark cards it is your money you do what you want but i would advice against it.
,Not Recommended,271590,35009952,Posted: 16 September,all,Radon5M,"Well Rockstar ""adjusted"" $650,000 from my character. I have never cheated or participated in and/or performed any glitches. So, basically Rockstar stole about real-life $15 worth of Shark Card valued money from me. RIP Rockstar Games. From best game developer to the most greedy."
76561198134762851,Not Recommended,271590,35138715,Posted: 22 September,all,sillyninja65,"oh my god, this game is fockan♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ absoluatly♥♥♥♥♥♥WELL DONE ROCKSTAR still hate them.played over 1000 hours on 360 and xbox one so the game was once good, but my god, the police,♥♥♥♥♥♥ the driving,♥♥♥♥♥♥ the community? sour like rotten lemons. terrible terrible. rockstar a c unts and this game is £40. £40?!?! wtf rockstar THIS GAME CAME OUT IN 2013!! THATS NEARLY 5 ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS AGO. save ur money the games crap"
76561198059960630,Not Recommended,271590,35248972,Posted: 27 September,all,Hound,"If you are buying it to play online, please *please* *PLEASE* save yourself 60 dollars.The entire time I tried to play there would be mass amounts of people dying because people do this campfire glitch and light you on fire. When you try and report the people doing it in the esc screen, by the time the player screen finishes loading, you get taken back to the game to inform you've been wasted by the same hacker you're trying to report. All the while your money is being dropped/looted.I'd say every 2/3 sessions someone does this and I'm just accepting that this product or Steam, however it works, now has my money.If you want the story mode, go for it."
76561197968087699,Not Recommended,271590,34952205,Posted: 14 September,all,Scrow,"Good game, attrociously greedy devs."
76561197993722812,Not Recommended,271590,34959817,Posted: 14 September,all,killer_bean,"Persons with short attention span beware long runt ahead run away now.Why negative after all those hours? Because this is the exact feeling I ended up with after playing that long. You se, at some point I look back and realize that this was never meant to be a proper game, I am completely convinced now that from the very beginning it was planned as money grabbing scheme trying to capitalize on success of previous GTA games, very complicated and well thought out scheme but scheme nonetheless. Let’s start from beginning the GTA5: huge size of the game world was greatly emphasized in marketing but most of this is just empty space literally some ground and rare trees and nothing else nothing to do no point to go there. San Andreas has three cities two of them was small but still feels like full fledged cities with story and missions. GTA5 has sandy shores an paleto bay which feels like just a bunch of houses with very little to do, so entire GTA5 game world  FEELS like about halve of  that in GTA San Andreas when you actually play the campaign, in other words scam. Now the campaign itself: the story is great, it awesome, it spectacular no complaints here but I am not watching TV I am playing the game here and this is where it falls short, literally, the story mode is much shorter than it was in GTA4 and GTA San Andreas too short in my opinion but there is more, the missions itself is I don’t know, off, like halve of them has barely anything to do, you mostly drive listen to dialog and watch cut scenes maybe have little shooting at the end, more like watching TV than playing. But when I start playing online I look back on story mode and suddenly realize the truth: story mode is just an extended tutorial for GTA online and nothing else and never meant to be anything else and that is why it feels so different from previous GTA games when I played it. And to think they dared to sell it as a full price game, scam I tell you. On the side note I loved driving trains in GTA San Andreas I do not know why, I just did, and I was really upset when they cut it from GTA5 ah if only someone made a mod, wait, ohh nooo. Now the online part. Yes, the shark cards, this is the sole and only reason why this all was created in the first place and there never was anything more to this game from the very beginning which makes me very sad because this could be much more fun game. Free mode is a one big contradiction because they really want you to stop other players from making money but at the same time do not want you to mess with everything else other players doing, well it will never work because people not dogs and do not like to jump on cues so they either attack everyone or no one, of course proper MMOs acknowledge this situation and have clear separation on pvp and pve but that would meant decline in sales of shark card so you got free to kill anyone and “bad sport” points system for killing wrong people at the wrong time instead, which of course does not work very well, in other words big part of the game ruined by the attempt to give players the illusion that they can make money without giving them the actual possibility to make money or simply put scam. If by some miracle you find your way into empty session or “lobby” how they call it you still have an NPSs after you, they sure thought of everything I wish they put that much thought into making game play more interesting, and what is it with this “lobby” thing anyway? Other MMOs have servers. Well it is because proper MMOs do have actual servers to which you connect and play on them and sync data from them to your computer, but servers cost money and a lot of servers for a lot of players to play on cost a lot of money so instead in GTA online your computer connects directly to every other computer in that “lobby” thingy which of course multiply bad connection issues and greatly eases the cheating because it is always easier to change data on your own computer than on some remote server. And yes they do have servers to store your saves and govern ingame monetary transactions and maybe for something else but that is beyond the point here. There are also a lot of missions races and similar staff done in separate sessions away from “interfering” players but payouts on them is miserable below 25 000 plus they regularly add new content only in one category “adversary mode” which mostly no fun for me, also stunt races gets new additions some times, everything else is dead, why? Another strange thing: all of these activities can be started either from markers in game world or if you do not want to run around all over the place like an idiot, from going to “main menu\online\jobs\play job\rockstar created” which I personally stumbled upon completely by accident, why hide it there so deep? what did they afraid of so much? And did you heard about “Coveted” “Coasting” “Potshot” “Crystal Clear Out II” “Crystal Clear Out III” “Dirt Road” “Close Action” “Factory Closure”? this is the names of the missions that was removed from that list and now can only be launched through game world markers and “Truck Together” was removed completely, the rumor is that a lot of missions was made more difficult and got reduced payouts after corporation of evil find out that some players was doing missions repeatedly multiple times to make money, so I guess you allowed to play it but not very often? what other game does that? What more proof do you need that it all started from the very beginning with the only one intent to sell shark cards in mind? Few words about heists. If you are in middle school I guess it is easy to find three friends with the same game ready to play after school? But if you grownup things are way different and playing with randoms is very frustrating most of the time so should I just stay away from heists completely just because of my age? If only it was allowed to finish the mission after someone died or get disconnected like it already is in contact missions it would be much easier for me to play, very weird very specifically tailored to very specific situation, not very well thought out guys, not cool. Now the cars to buy, there are plenty, but many of them very similar and given stats have nothing to do with cars real performance so the only way is to buy and try and some cars are totally useless like ruiner 2000 never buy it complete waste of money, scam, whatever, I am tired. Speaking of buying staff why can’t I own every property and every car in the game if I want to??? One thing they can do that would increase sales of shark cards and nobody would argue ever is to have no limit on owned properties and they did not do it!!! Mega super weird. Did they afraid the saves would get to big and won’t fit on they server and didn’t want to spend more money on extra data storage or something? On a side note if you want to know truth about cars stats Broughy1322 on youtube did very good research in his series “GTA Fact-Finding”. Back to ranting, support is repulsive to the point of an abuse of a human rights of players, basically they give you stencil answer from predefined set and if you keep insisting switch you to robot. In conclusion, I bought GTA5+GTA online on winter sale 50% off, no shark cards ever, I will keep playing it probably until around level 300 something or so then I probably move on to something else. As for buying  recommendations this game is about 20% very fun 20% fun 50% frustrating and 10% absolutely enraging, if you are ok with that buy it on sale and never give them any more money please."
76561197972374216,Not Recommended,271590,35086965,Posted: 20 September,all,The Juice,"Used to be OK.  Now it is terrible.   There are hackers in quite literally almost every game.  It used to be only occasional.  They will laugh when you talk about reporting them becasue Rockstar doesnt care about banning them.  Only the ones who give money are banned.  Numerous times have I been mocked by blatent hackers that they will not get banned.  My friend got ALL of his money taken.  Legit money.  GONE.Insane grindfest.  Even things that are not useful for anything more than fun or looks are still extreemly expensive.  The grindfest becomes worse when you consider griefers and hackers.  The only way to do anything is to get in a lobby with a few other people who are doing what you are doing.   Which is CEO, Bunker, Air frieght etc.   Or you can look up the ways to trick the game into putting you by yourself.The single player is amazing but it is still lame that they took out police, fire and ambulance missions.  They improved the vigilante missions in 4.  They could have built upon that and do the same for the others.   You also have very little car storage and a small amount of cars you can buy compared to online.I also though it was very lame that I could not buy houses especially with all of the real estate ads spread about the game.  It felt like I was being mocked by things I used to be able to do in GTA.I miss when I could pvp with my friends aganst other groups and not worry so much about hackers.Some of the most fun times were when me and my friends were in a private at a good stunt spot stunting motorcyles until eveyone we had has been destroyed."
,Not Recommended,271590,35240941,Posted: 27 September,all,Roki,♥♥♥♥ you rockstar you made me spent $100 on sharkcards and made me grind the same contact missions over and over again and you take it all away from me. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥company made billions of dollars from this game yet didn't spent any money on the anti-cheats every ♥♥♥♥ing day i open gta v online just to join a lobby full of china hackers that instant kill everyone on the map rockstar fix YOUR game please ffs.
76561198148169976,Not Recommended,271590,35138735,Posted: 22 September,all,MonkeyMagic3099,"Modders everywhere, literally can't do anything without being screwed over by a teleporting deer."
,Not Recommended,271590,35391891,Posted: 1 October,all,Nighthawk,Do not buy this game. Rockstars customer service is beyond horrible.
76561198132895505,Not Recommended,271590,34744272,Posted: 4 September,all,Fin,"Tbh, quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. People get banned for modding, and I got banned for nothing, seems legit gg rockstar you piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥company."
,Not Recommended,271590,35493970,Posted: 5 October,all,Uricorn,"100s of people can no longer play the game even in offline mode due to it demanding that they activate it again, and then it telling them that it can't connect to the Social Club servers.Who adds DRM to a game that forces you to activate it again years after you bought it... this was just a disaster waiting to happen."
76561198063388375,Not Recommended,271590,34746835,Posted: 4 September,all,Flamingturtle,"Flagged all my money as ""Modded"" and now after over 300 hours in a game where the main objecetive is to grind for money I have nothing, 300 hours of nothing but memories."
76561198050942536,Not Recommended,271590,32520602,Posted: 17 June,all,Gordon Ramsay,"Mods are what makes PC games so great. If you're gonna remove them, then its basicly the console game which is stale as bread without online. Screw you."
76561198097564718,Not Recommended,271590,32521039,Posted: 17 June,all,FoxStorm09,RIP OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32974379,Posted: 28 June,all,Dark Priscilla,No modding? Screw that.Banned for modder giving me moneyUnable to make a case.Absolute scumbags.
,Not Recommended,271590,32543710,Posted: 18 June,all,Pro Pain,"GTA V, itself, is a very good game. The single player is spectacular. The story is engaging. The characters are well written, the visuals are amazing. The online portion is...underwhelming. It contains little more than loading screens. The ""heists"" are pretty much garbage. The missions are meh. Everything is incredibly expensive due to Shark Cards and cheaters, so legitimate players who don't want to buy shark cards can't experience the full game. Heists can only operate with a full crew of 4, and any death of any player results in a failure. It's just very poor game design.But what really seals the deal is Take Two. Their legal C&D of the OpenIV mod creators is unbelievable. This is a single player mod that does not affect online play at all. Due to their behavior, I highly recommend against purchasing this game as well as any game published by them."
76561198130593802,Not Recommended,271590,32493881,Posted: 16 June,all,Chad,"DONT BUY THIS GAME, ♥♥♥♥♥♥. 0/10, woud give this a -10 but it wont go that low."
,Not Recommended,271590,32509480,Posted: 17 June,all,thscientist1,"Have owned this game a while, felt like a lot of he support has dropped in favor of selling over priced cars. lots of game modes didnt come to fruition and in place of DLC we get to play house and dress up our dolls.Lame."
76561198061445764,Not Recommended,271590,32520595,Posted: 17 June,all,Ｄ　Ｏ　Ｐ　Ｅ,"Banning one of the essential single-player modding tools is the equivalent of stabbing your community in the back. Sending a cease and desist to the OpenIV team is honestly disgusting, they have worked for years to extend the longevity of your games for years now, and this is how you repay one of the most loyal communities you have?This will not stop modders in online, but a better anticheat could. I still see modders in 4/10 of the sessions I join.This was to force people who want to expierence the DLC content to play Online instead of spawning the new vehicles into single-player. Too bad the new vehicles are all outrageously expensive to purchase if you don't want to spend several days farming. This encourages people to buy shark cards of course, but I don't understand how Take Two is disappointed that consumers aren't paying for these microtransactions. Are the hundreds of millions you have already made not enough?If this countinues I will have no issues not buying games from Rockstar and Take Two in the future."
76561198021154671,Not Recommended,271590,32557434,Posted: 18 June,all,Neb \ Blue,"Not worth it anymore, read the hundreds of other reviews that explain why, just posting this to lower the ratings even more :)"
76561198038334709,Not Recommended,271590,32696457,Posted: 23 June,all,Rascalman,"A game company and producer/publisher that hates gamers.  Thanks, Take Two, for being actively hostile to the gaming community, with a hearty ♥♥♥♥ YOU. GREEDY MONEY GRUBBING ♥♥♥♥S, are billions of $$$$ not enough for you pigs?!"
76561198075694755,Not Recommended,271590,32655187,Posted: 22 June,all,iwinin/lmgismydad,Want to buy to things online? Spend $100 of real money. Don't want to spend money? Grind for 20 hours in missions that aren't fun.
,Not Recommended,271590,34595676,Posted: 29 August,all,Miikkkeeee,"Step1. Buy the hanger for $5 MilStep2. Sell bunker stock for $500kStep3. ""Transaction failed"" #NoCashStep4. ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Not Recommended,271590,32552267,Posted: 18 June,all,CHRONIX,"Was pretty fun, but the douches at Take Two Interactive thought it would be a great idea to take mod tools away from a game on PC. Now, they're taking bare L's from the community. RIP."
76561198053418167,Not Recommended,271590,32552282,Posted: 18 June,all,Jerry,T2 is garbo
76561198134109545,Not Recommended,271590,32697000,Posted: 23 June,all,Medicine_Man,Dont get me wrong its a good game but...Take-two's actions are totally unjustified
,Not Recommended,271590,32555842,Posted: 18 June,all,Spoopy Dragon,"I enjoyed the campaign I'll give you that. But after that there is nothing to do. The only thing else is multiplayer where everyone is somehow allowed to mod BUT NOT the people who try to actually play. Somehow the modders never get banned and instead the people trying to play take the blame for everything. C-ockstar has terrable customer support, you cant get any type of information from them and I'm pretty sure they only have automated replys. GTAV is just another jewish swindle to rake up some extra quarters. They update the multiplayer only to make them seem like they care about the players but their really just in the business just to be the biggest jew on wall street."
76561198037176115,Not Recommended,271590,32696081,Posted: 23 June,all,Killerskulls636,"good job, taketwo! you accomplished nothing except for hurting people who play single player."
,Not Recommended,271590,32493874,Posted: 16 June,all,Zeitec,I am very much displeased with the lack of mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32552280,Posted: 18 June,all,der_eismann,go f*** yourself take two
76561198186408933,Not Recommended,271590,32493885,Posted: 16 June,all,Don_Salvatore,"Was great, until the recent update where they removed millions from my in-game money for no apparent reason. I do not mod so I have no idea why they did this. Really takes away from a game that I used to really enjoy playing.."
,Not Recommended,271590,33365326,Posted: 7 July,all,RapidRunnyPoo,"GTAV Single player is awesome, Modding if ♥♥♥♥ing sick, Story is pre sick and its just fun overallGTA Online is terrible, Grind Grind Grind, Hackers, Getting banned cause of a hacker when Myself never has cheated, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that ruin the game, Loading Screens, Shark cards and Plummiting to Pay to Win.If you like single-player mayhem, This game is perfect for youIf you like multi-player mayhem, Good luck having fun in this game"
,Not Recommended,271590,33371330,Posted: 8 July,all,Stu-Pot,"I'd write more in this recommendation but I can't be bothered. The same way Rockstar has chosen to treat their community. ♥♥♥♥ this game. The FUBAR of this game escalated from 0 to 100 faster than any vehicle in the game itself. It now only condones, and encourages, griefing and the purchase of shark cards. Rockstar has, with surgical precision, completely cut out every single player who once had fun in this game. Not playing it anymore."
76561198060181739,Not Recommended,271590,34807553,Posted: 7 September,all,Baletto •́⩊•̀,"Bought a Great White Shark card along with the game.A hacker froze me and gave me money.I lost all of my money.♥♥♥♥ you, Rockstar.♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,271590,34731389,Posted: 4 September,all,Mike,banned for no reason?
76561198011636800,Not Recommended,271590,34832374,Posted: 9 September,all,Vulkeknight,"To start, I don't think this is a bad game. It isn't the game at all that is the problem. Aside from the boring as hell hand holding introduction to the single player, of which i only spent an hour or two in, the multiplayer community is the thing that killed the game for me. You've got modders, hackers, people going in got mode or blowing everyone in the map up at once. You've got people that put you in cages, take away all your weapons, and put wanted level up so the cops can kill you. And then, after all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you've got the regular ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that will kill you or set a bounty on you for no reason. Hardly anyone wants to play nice. It really ruins the experience when the person you just did a mission with kills you right after all cause you got a tiny bounty on your head. Hardly anyone uses voice communication and it's utterly boring to grind away for whatever you may desire because the prices are so high. If the playerbase was more friendly, it would've been far more enjoyable. Maybe I'll try it again some other time."
76561198417803165,Not Recommended,271590,35014459,Posted: 16 September,all,thevigilantgeneral,"Rockstar why is your anti cheat such garbage step it up a notch will you goofs? Rockstar is such trash taking legitimate money from people who earned it and lets the hackers modders run rampent. They sent out a survey of what we would like to see maybe some proper anti cheat, not just banning and taking money away from everyone you have to have evidence to take away legitimate money fools. Garbage devs but barely decent game due to their negligance. Nice to have new DLC but maybe fix old problems first ??? no that doesnt make sense now does it. Whoever conceived the idea of shark cards is satan, GTA was always about starting from the bottom and working way up not paying your way to the top. Maybe time to look into your roots EA* cough cough i mean rockstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,34900534,Posted: 12 September,all,Game4Life,Hackers Are Everywhere At GTA V Online !
,Not Recommended,271590,33853352,Posted: 28 July,all,A living cotton candy,"Holy mary mother of christ,i know the game is all great and all but goddamm rockstar could you not do atleast one DLC where i have to spend millions if not BILLIONS of dollars into the milk machine you created?.Like seriously 5 million for a russian plane which will easily be killed by that explosive sniper,the ardent which is already bad to begin with (but the only thing i like about it is the pop-up headlights) and that armored boxvile which is like a money waster since a regular insurgent can destroy that car easily with stickies or a skilled player with the eyes of a hawk...Or even every plane you added will be defeated by a lazer or a hydra,best yet they cost even less than those ww2 planes.And lastly is the money......Money,money,money everything cost money,hell even killing yourself will cost you 500$ to shoot a 9mm bullet or eat a cyanide pill.Your forcing new players to buy sharkcards because of your greed,ban players who didn't do anything but roam around and delete hard earned money from players♥♥♥♥♥♥move rockstar."
,Recommended,271590,15480286,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tigger-Da-Tiger69,Good job gtaGreat game but it just wont start ive tryed everythingSo smarten up and fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Thanks alot
,Recommended,271590,15370093,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Mr.Aux,Seems like they really learned from there horrible ported game GTA IV.GTA V looks just amazing and perfectly optimized to run on most pc.60 FPS is just amazing.Overal an amazing game. If you like the GTA franchise then you will not be dissapointed.
,Recommended,271590,22823499,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,elkilele ツ,10/10
76561198058385799,Recommended,271590,22998068,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,♔ ♜ Ho-Oh ♜ ♔,BEST GAME THE WORLD HAS EVER SEEN!!! 10/10!!
76561198167092416,Not Recommended,271590,16373427,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Weaponized Autism,RockStar simply wants your moneyi thought modding in the game would pick up or be more popular but it hasn't largely due to the business model of GTA online cash cards
,Not Recommended,271590,16401382,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Darnihx,Really like the normal game. But bump up the price to 75€ while on a 25% sale is really a♥♥♥♥♥♥move.
76561198145891622,Not Recommended,271590,16339944,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cjwesc,"Offline is good. I've been trying to get support for a corrupt cloud save since March 29, and to this day cannot get it fixed Haven't even get a response from rock star since May 14. Game is fine untill you need support for things on their servers then forget about it. So I only get half the game I paid for... Will never recommend a rock star title again."
,Not Recommended,271590,16324881,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[TBR] lino ( •ᴗ•)ψ,"""Failed to connect to Rockstar servers""."
,Not Recommended,271590,16339695,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,gncxv△,"""pre(shi)tty"" sale tactic, seriously."
,Recommended,271590,15447792,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,k3st,best ♥♥♥♥ing open world game
76561198124448247,Recommended,271590,15847288,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,only salah,game of the year
,Recommended,271590,15857482,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,José,"Re-writing this due to a LOT of weird events.Before I get into the whole shabang, let me just say I do recommend this game IF you have friends to play it with (for reasons listed below):For the basics: The graphics are excellent, (if you can run them - you'll either be able to run this game excellently or not at all). The campaign is very funny, with interesting ideas and an enthralling plot. There's a small amount of replayability in the single player, with plenty of side quests and missions to complete as well. It's a bit clunky with KB+M, especially flying, but it's definitely functional ( a controller or gamepad is still preferable).On to the beast itself: Online. GTA Online is where the majority of my hours have gone into this game, and I have played probably less than an 120 minutes of that in public sessions. The reason for that is I knew previously that hackers were a problem - they were a problem on consoles and a problem on PC as soon as the game was released. I didn't want to ruin my experience by playing with trolls, griefers, and modders, so I just played with friends in closed sessions.Playing with friends consists of doing missions, heists, and races to have fun and also get that mular. Unfortunately, there haven't been any new missions for a large amount of time (same for heists) so you'll probably end up doing them over and over again. Personally, this resulted in us relying on our actions and commentary for the laughs, but so far after 400 hours, it is still entertaining. It's kind of like grinding in an un-nameable MMORPG - Tediously boring on your own but hilarious with some buddies.I thoroughly enjoyed this game, still do, and am currently grinding money for the Further Adventures update. It really is a good experience for those with a couple of like minded pals who just mess about, but you do have to look to make your own fun, which is near on impossible in public online (which is where most of the negative reviews come in). I would certainly recommend this game to someone looking for a laugh, and something to mess about in. I don't regret buying this for £40 but I don't think most people would be able to squeeze 400 hours out it either, so picking this up on sale is probably best.TL;DRFun with friends - excellent single player - public online is a hell hole. Not worth £40 but a definite sale gem. COMPLETELY AVOID if you think you'll ever have to use randoms online.Last updated: 03/06/2016."
,Recommended,271590,20440666,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,basketball player,i got pushed off a mountain and had to kill myself all the way down to get back to the road
,Recommended,271590,15399865,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,KRIS,"Grand Theft Auto 5 is not only a preposterously enjoyable video game, but also an intelligent and sharp-tongued satire of contemporary America. It represents a refinement of everything that GTA 4 brought to the table five years ago. It’s technically more accomplished in every conceivable way, but it’s also tremendously ambitious in its own right. No other world in video games comes close to this in size or scope, and there is sharp intelligence behind its sense of humour and gift for mayhem. It tells a compelling, unpredictable, and provocative story without ever letting it get in the way of your own self-directed adventures through San Andreas.It is one of the very best video games ever made.That’s still where we stand on it today. And whether you agree that it’s a masterpiece or not, the PC version is definitely the best way to play GTA 5. Developer Rockstar has taken full advantage of the technical power of the platform, and made GTA feel right at home here. It’s well optimized, and the frame rate and resolution will go as high as your hardware can handle – including 4K/UHD resolutions and multi-display setups. Maxed out, the enormous and incredibly detailed open-world region of San Andreas looks more amazing than ever, thanks to long draw distances and enhanced effects. This is the only place you can play GTA 5 at 60 frames per second (or higher), and with all the high-speed driving and shooting, it definitely benefits from that smoothness.Graphics options are plentiful and powerful, with everything from standard quality and view-distance adjustments to a field-of-view slider (though it’s more limited than discriminating FOV players might want - modders have already remedied that). Controls are customizable, and you can play your own music library on the in-game radio. It’s hard to complain much about that.For the most part, the menus are well done and feel good to use with the mouse. That’s best exemplified with the web browser, which feels like you’d expect navigating a web page with a mouse to feel. The one place this breaks down a little is in the score menus; it’s a little tougher to navigate an Ammunation gun store’s wares with the mouse than it is with a D-pad or arrow keys, but it’s still totally workable. It’s simply a small reminder that this wasn’t originally a PC game.Using a mouse to shoot, on the other hand, is good enough that it risks making combat feel a little too easy. I don’t pretend to be a brilliant marksman, but if you’re a bad guy (or a cop) in Los Santos, your odds of even making it out of your car to start shooting drop considerably when I’m using a mouse. Without the scourge of auto-aim dragging the targeting reticule down toward center mass, I found myself picking off most enemies with a single shot to the head, especially when playing in first-person mode. That doesn’t mean I felt invincible, though; because the authorities will never stop coming until you give up and run away or die, they’re always going to give you a challenging fight through the weight of sheer numbers.Nice PC-specific control touches, like not having to hammer a button to keep up running speed (just hold down Shift) and being able to hit a single button (Caps Lock by default) to activate a special ability make everything feel like a native PC game. You don’t get the annoying horizontal drift when running in first-person like you do in the PS4 and Xbox One versions, either.One of my favorite things about the control setup, though, is that like GTA 4 and a select few other games before it, GTA 5 lets you seamlessly swap between the mouse and keyboard and a gamepad on the fly. No need to go into a menu and swap - just push a button on one or the other, and all on-screen prompts change to reflect what you’re using. It’s a fantastic thing for a game like this, where running and gunning is more precise with a mouse and keyboard but driving or especially flying benefits greatly from the analog input of a thumbstick. You can even use both at once, if you like.Then there’s GTA Online, which has been very well behaved this week (I’m as surprised as you!). Though I’ve experienced the occasional disconnect or bout of lag, it’s nothing out of the ordinary for an online game that matches up groups of up to 30 players. What is out of the ordinary is how diverse and varied the available activities are: dozens of different types of deathmatches, co-op missions (including the all-new and very impressive multi-stage heists), races over land, sea, and air (some of which involving combat), and general open-world chaos like spontaneous drive-by shootings (or strafing runs) of other players. The online version of San Andreas is a place where anything can happen at any time, and it’s fantastic to watch people make use of that freedom, even if the majority of it is the inherent humor of crashing things into other things.The main PC-specific feature is the Rockstar Editor movie tool and its associated Director Mode, which gives you access to a wide spectrum of playable character models. It’s a powerful creative tool that lets you easily capture gameplay clips and then edit and export them into what can end up as extremely elaborate movies. I did experience a crash that robbed me of about an hour’s work on a classy short film about a man in an alien costume who punches people on a beach without provocation. I love the flexibility of the camera and the simplicity of the editing controls – they make me wish I had a finer eye for filmmaking as I go for easy laughs with a montage of slow-motion close ups of fists hitting faces. Fortunately, there are far more creatively talented folks out there who will entertain us for years to come with GTA 5-made machinima.The VerdictGrand Theft Auto 5 is a masterpiece of a game, and the PC version is the best way to experience it. Its sprawling yet meticulously detailed map is the high bar to which all other open-world games aspire, and it’s incredibly dense with excellent content. With so much to do, explore, and play with, both in single-player and multiplayer, plus great creative tools, it’s truly amazing on multiple levels."
,Recommended,271590,20595989,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ChaseB,Very Nice 60 fps Gta Online Is Good. Soon As I Got Started Putting Mods In It Right Away!
,Not Recommended,271590,17269952,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ÆSTRAL,"Never. Buy a console because that will save you the pain and frustration of dealing with modding and hacking online. I one day got so sick nd tired of reproting players and submitting video to rockstar, I just join millions of random lobbies just to see how many I could join and enjoy. My tally went from 1 to 278 in 6 days. 278 lobbies I joined and tried to play on, but couldn't because it was either A: being destroyed by modders giving cash, freezing players, and spamming objects till people were forced to leave or their game would crash under all the load, Or B: Filled with children 13 years and under, Or C: filled with modders killing people, blowing people up, and using godmode and aimbot and saying it wasn't them, and it wasn't hack.The game is so unplayable on pc, The only way I could enjoy it is to find players who weren't modding, and go to a Privet session. With how much I tried, I could get maybe a total of 7 players in a single privet lobby before someone had to go to work or go to bed.Match making is horrible. theres no one doing anything else but hiests, (If playing the missions at all...).If I want to play a mission, I do it alone, or suffer through it while everyone else teleports about and kills every thing that moves, breaths, or lights up.If I wanted to play a game with this many hackers, I might go back to GTA4 or 3, Or just join old modern warfare games.Also, I have tried modding online too. Not for money exploits, Not to teleport about the map, not to give friends money, not to do anything but no collide and godmode, so I didn't have to deal with hackers. Now, hacking online has gone so far as to teleporting players, godmoding other players, framing players by killing whole lobbies in their name, passive mode or not.Virtually, I have given up on this game, and if you plan on buying it, GTA V Online is almost broken, and storymode has been done by myself enough times that if I played through it again, I would start ramming rusty nails into my forehead everythime I had to do another story mission or side mission other than exploring los santos.My rating? 2 out of 10Date is 1/28/16 All madders appear to be banned, and I too also am banned by asociation. Also, out of 15 lobbies I joined today, Not a single one consited of people who werent constantly killing you for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. The community is so hostile, I couldn't even do a mission without people joining and destroying everything.Right off the bat, I've joined everything from gamemodes consiting of coop, DM and normal vs mission to plain free mode, and the enviroment of players is so hostile, I couldn't even record or go about my business without going passive or just plain joining in the madness. Over the past 4 months I stopped playing GTAV online to go to work and make actualy use of my time, I have had low blood pressure, less grey hairs, and my phyciatrist said I had changed. and NOW I literally feel like I'm going to rip 23 Select few players ♥♥♥♥ing head off.PS4 PS3 XBOX 360 XBOX ONE, PC STEAM, PC R* launcher, I have played on them all, and while Others use everything different, Console gaming is the most chill I've ever faced compared to PC. If you really want to enjoy the extents of this game, Again as mentioned before, Buy a console, because PC servers are completely screwed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and badsports. I have long videos of Horrible experiences on my youtube channel I'm currently building, and it will be quite clear the actual state of the community."
,Recommended,271590,19495399,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,akroniks mim,"Grand theft auto has always been my favorite gaming series ever since GTA SA and still is.However GTA V has some bads like cheaters in online mode, but it doesn't matter this game is awesome, the graphics are amazing, story is awesome..."
,Recommended,271590,17293794,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,☮biscuit☮,"Don't look at ANY of the negative reviews. FPS is smooth as butta, gameplay is fun as hell, graphics are revolutionary, and the story is well written and really immerses you. 60$ really is a bargain with as much content as this."
,Not Recommended,271590,33641591,Posted: 18 July,all,Vertinove,"Good graphics, music selection, and a lot of other fine details but story mode is boring and online is a mess. Only would recommend this game to those who want a sandbox. Mods are the only thing saving this game and they tried to get rid of them. What a joke"
76561198094419749,Not Recommended,271590,32684181,Posted: 23 June,all,Rz,♥♥♥♥ your socialclub registeration
,Not Recommended,271590,33718046,Posted: 22 July,all,Beast★,"Unfortunately, Rockstar can't tell the difference between reasonable in-game prices and straight up ripping you off.I had high hopes for the game when I heard about heists and races, and I did enjoy it.Until the game started with the offices and biker hangouts. Ever since then, the game has gone downhill by adding supernatural vehicles like Rocket-mounted cars and bikes costing about 4-8 million dollars each.The game has also attempted to make OpenIV (a modding tool, used primairly in singleplayer and private lobbies) illegal for whatever reason. Of course, it's been resolved now, but it caused an outrage bigger than PAYDAY 2's Crimefest 2.Oh, and Rockstar can't tell the difference between someone who is farming a mission way too hard to get money and RP and a cheater, so that's nice."
,Recommended,271590,20216143,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,$assy,My GTA V Online experience:- Opens up GTA Online- Loading screen lasts at least half an hour- You joined a session after you graduated- You hear a 12 year old kid yells '' Please drop me money ''- You get killed by a squiker that ♥♥♥♥ed your mother last night- You spawn in your house with a campfire on you10/10 would play again
,Recommended,271590,20277806,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mrd.jetzal,"step 1) Buy a good computerstep 2) buy gta vstep 3) finish the story and every single side mission and get 100%step 4) hmm... onlinestep 5) go online, maybe with friendsstep 6) is that a hacker??step 7) another one????step 8) its a great online ses im having here, i hope it never endsstep 9) get kicked by hackerstep 10/10) still enjoy the game"
,Not Recommended,271590,32800586,Posted: 25 June,all,bold,"wow i sure do love EA, ubisoft, take two and rockstar"
76561198046957772,Not Recommended,271590,32800909,Posted: 25 June,all,SpaceTuna,"Messed with the community, no one wants that"
76561198160777575,Not Recommended,271590,32801048,Posted: 25 June,all,Lil Lump,"I have been playing this game for a while now, and don't get me wrong it is entertaining here and there, but it got a lot more difficult to have fun in, majorly because of the inability to use mods in the single player and constant toxicity from players online…"
76561198066505305,Not Recommended,271590,17040445,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Cygnus,last patch has broken the game. Do not buy at the moment.When it is fixed buy at discount
,Not Recommended,271590,15771282,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,AdamaBanana,"Rockstar/Take2: 'Oh so you like mods, eh? It would be a shame if we...... banned them.'"
,Not Recommended,271590,32756392,Posted: 24 June,all,Freeasacar,They killed single player mods for this game and they have banned some people from the online version for using them. What an easy way to immediately kill a game. It was a great gaming experience until then.
,Not Recommended,271590,32466945,Posted: 16 June,all,BunyaminBUTTON,"Great job turning this game into a cash cow.Disabling mods, making everything expensive as hell and forcing players to grind money for an insane amount of time or buy those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shark cards.Moddders and legit players are keeping your ♥♥♥♥ing game alive and they are paying the price of your incompetence at stopping cheaters in your broken♥♥♥♥♥game.You are losing your fan base for a few more dollars."
,Not Recommended,271590,15740325,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,=7Cav=SPC.Thompson.J,"The game looks and feels brilliant, it runs beautifully even, right up until it crashes. Which is constantly. Since purchasing on release day, I have been unable to get even a solid hour out of it before a completely random crash occours. Rockstar support contacted me with a patch, it sill happened. I waited 2 weeks just to see if updates would fix it. Today after updating it went 5 minutes before it crashed. It sucks cause it looks amazing, but why are people in the habbit of releasing unfinished games? I'll be hunting for my money back :("
,Not Recommended,271590,32635246,Posted: 21 June,all,BONG boy ✓,jumping on the bandwagon
,Not Recommended,271590,15688686,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,rex706,Banned for mods
,Recommended,271590,21297069,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ResenkTV (황선희),I love this game!!! Worth Buying :)
,Not Recommended,271590,15723684,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,BradTheButcher,Banning mod users on single playerWithout mods this is just a pretty version of the console gameIf you have it on console don't bother getting it on pc
76561198113637025,Not Recommended,271590,15723596,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Pancakejake,"I bought this game because I had hopes that mods could bring new life to the  game(offline). But, no, people are getting banned. I wouldn't be surprised if people who already bought this game start pirating the game JUST to play mods in single player mode."
,Not Recommended,271590,32426554,Posted: 14 June,all,Lewd Lawliet,Evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s killing GTA V modding for microtransactions. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves.
,Not Recommended,271590,32790164,Posted: 25 June,all,🅱heonix,"Remember that Rockstar is in support of having SP mods, give the hate to Take2, not Rockstar."
76561197984403304,Not Recommended,271590,32764857,Posted: 25 June,all,Aguilucho,"Game might be good but we cannot let these companies milk us and then shut down our mods. Take Two, PC Gaming is FREEDOM, if you don't understand that you will have to learn it the hard way.For me it is clear: from now on, Take Two = no buy."
,Not Recommended,271590,23022109,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ace1,"It's a VERY FUN game WITHOUT THE HACKERS. I only have one thing to say - get a decent anticheat and you get the positive rating from me, because this game is actually one of the best I've ever played, only that the hackers make me wanna quit."
,Not Recommended,271590,32489743,Posted: 16 June,all,kingbuttercup,"Unfortunately, I've already given Take Two my money, so I'll hurt them the only way I know how. No way I support this company now."
,Not Recommended,271590,32783240,Posted: 25 June,all,AssasainSniper,"♥♥♥♥ Take-Two, they just ruined GTA V......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,16400177,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Heisenberg,DONT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!I sold my csgo items to buy this game to play with my friends and low an behold the piece of garbage decides not to load graphics for♥♥♥♥♥♥if you go look at my recent screenshot youll see what i mean. And the whole Shark card bundle is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... love how you buy a bundle and dont get the♥♥♥♥♥♥you paid 60$ for!!! Gimme a ♥♥♥♥ing refund on this garbage... oh wait when you buy the bundle you cant get a refund!!! how nice of you rockstar the 2 hours i have logged are just from trying to get this garbage to work.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=461429071CANNOT GO MORE THAN 100 FEET AWAY FROM SOMETHING BEFOR THIS HAPPENSTAKE YOUR $60 SOMEWHERE ELSE PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GABEN
,Recommended,271590,15384818,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,HuBy™,"Chop ♥♥♥♥s another dog and i said:''Man, that`s a dude, Chop. Man, you`ll ♥♥♥♥ anything.''10/10"
76561198254440089,Not Recommended,271590,32569345,Posted: 19 June,all,Krypteia36,Way to insult the entire gaming community. Terrible move...
,Not Recommended,271590,15702984,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,scizyr,"UPDATE 5/26/2017:This game is filled with hackers and Rockstar/Take-Two do nothing about it.  Most of the game is spent watching loading screens, tons of missions are bugged and impossible to complete, and the entire racing scene has completely died because there is no point.  This game is terrible and anyone who likes it should be drug out into the street and shot.  I wish I could get my money back for this garbage.  I hope anyone who supports Rock Star and Take-Two in the future by purchasing their games dies of cancer, them and their whole family.Original Review:I bought this game specifically to use mods and contribute to the modding community with my own creations.  The online mode sounded very appealing to me as well when reading about it but the actual experience of the online mode leaves much to be desired.  Granted, this is the first foray into official multi-player for the series and as long as it mostly worked I would let it slide.  My favorite of this series of games is still the first two, before they started forcing clichéd story lines and character arcs down our throats, and for the most part the online mode of GTA 5 is a return to that style of gameplay.  I'll focus more on this before describing my dereliction from Rockstar altogether.I couldn't jump straight into multi-player, the game forces you to complete the intro of the single player story for no apparent reason before letting you go online, even though the intro doesn't segue or connect in any way to the online experience.  This is a poor design choice even for rookies in multi-player.  After about 15 minutes of single player rushing and skipping cut-scenes I was finally able to go online and create what would be my in-game persona.  Dear god, every human you can possibly create looks like an in-bred mongoloid.  This is because you don't actually create your character, you're forced by Rockstar to believe in evolution and choose your parents, who all look like apes wearing clothes, to form what would be a genetic representation of your character.  After this you're given extremely limited tools to fix the disaster that is the belief in evolution, and perhaps dress your character to look like some cliched persona (there are plenty of fedora's by the way, more evidence that Rockstar wants to force its belief in atheism upon you).  There are no body modifications, you aren't allowed to gain muscle or weight.  Originally I thought it was a default slate and they would let you alter this by working at it like in San Andreas, but no, you're stuck being an out of shape un-evolved caveman or if you choose a woman, you'll look like a crack addicted harlot with saggy breasts.The online gameplay is pretty much a grindfest for cash.  Race in various ways against other players that don't know how to turn off the default rubber-banding so the less skilled players get to cheat by slowing you down, They haven't improved the driving since the last game so you either get the car with no traction or the car with traction, there's no in-between.  You can also have shootout death matches with other players in a very under-developed battle system.  What to do with cash?  buy cars that you can steal anywhere, but now you're able to paint them and add lights on the bottom.  If you grind enough you can upgrade the performance, very slightly.  You can also get an apartment or condo if you save enough cash to uhh...  Actually I'm not really sure what the feature is supposed to be for, I guess it's a place to hide from other players, but you can just go offline to do that.  In fact the only thing worthwhile to do is watch TV, which Rockstar poured a ton of effort into.  They have full length animated shows on TV.  I wish they would have used those resources to put more actual content into the gameplay.  If Rockstar wants to make TV shows they should do that instead.  They've worn themselves out too thin on this game and it shows.I became bored very quickly online.  All the players in the open world are extremely cut-throat.  The world feels empty even with all the pedestrians and traffic.  There's no depth to anything.  The heists are fun, but the novelty wears off fast and becomes another repetitive task to earn cash.  I guess I was expecting more of a ""grand theft auto"" experience.  Something like where I could start a gang with some players, go steal a car out of the garage of a rival gang's leader and then challenge them to a race for it or have them perform a heist in exchange.  Or use our gang's resources to take over a territory of the city for our drug trafficking and prostitution and try to expand it through gang wars with other players.  Give me something risky to do, let me put something at stake.  Let me race some proctology patient for the pink slip to my pos car.  Hell I would love perma-death in this game, it's not like I am very fond of the truck-stop harlot I was forced to use through the abysmal character creator.I was a bit disappointed by GTA Online, but this is PC. I waited about one week after release to purchase the game, because I wanted to give the community some time to develop some very much needed modding tools.  My prayers were answered in Mr. Alexander Blade's notorious Scripthook V release.  There was so much joy to be had running around the streets of SA as a husky, mauling anyone who looked at me funny or taking a swim in the ocean as a dolphin.  The latter conjured up ideas about a mod I would love to create based on the old Ecco the Dolphin games.  With renewed vigor I happily installed various mods including a bodyguard script which allowed me to spawn npc's to follow me around in the open world and the most fun of all, the pedestrian riot mod which simulated an end-of-the-world scenario in which every citizen has gone mad, and gets a random weapon and kills anyone and everyone in a frenzy.  It is quite literally chaos and the most fun I've probably ever had in a game I can remember.  I made a mini-game out of it by trying to survive while crossing the map.  I had hours of fun with this but it came to an abrupt end when Rockstar pushed out a patch which broke scripthook.I didn't bother loading the game back up.  I decided to wait for the next iteration of scripthook and give a few more days for people to release even more mods.  Today I saw a video of a guy that made a gravity gun mod (Half life 2, yeah I know what you're thinking.  It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome) and also that Rockstar is now banning people for using single player mods.  Rockstar is banning people for using single player mods.   Banning people for using single player mods.  Kill yourselves Rockstar, I'm done.  I won't disseminate your company any more, you've become another corrupted developer/publisher like EA, Activision, and Ubisoft, welcome to the club.  I'll never purchase another Rockstar game in my life unless you reverse this and publicly apologize.  I'm also going to attempt to get a chargeback from my credit card for this purchase, changing the EULA after purchase should be illegal.I hope everyone who works for Rockstar gets their cars stolen and then run over by them.  Do not buy Grand Theft Auto V/5. Torrent this game and wait for private servers to be available if you want to check out the online experience."
,Not Recommended,271590,15705631,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,|[●▪▪●]|,"Simply put, don't buy it as you can be banned for modding the game. The EULA was changed after we purchased it."
76561198000342341,Not Recommended,271590,29946719,Posted: 15 February,all,Hôôch,"After having bought this game on PS3, PS4 and PC, here's the outline of what's going on.Pro's:Fun (mostly)Lots to doCommunity can occasionally be fun (to troll)Cons:Stupidly high amount of hacking kids.Every lobby contains a hacker, 100%, every single time, you can't avoid them.Vote to kick is useless in a full lobby.Cooldown on vote to kick is too long,Report feature is there, but Rockstar pay no attention to it.Cooldown on report feature is too long.They warn you you could break for ToS for reporting someone.Everything is too expensive, like, very expensive. You could say the hackers are the reason for this.Rockstar can't do anything, or are unwilling to do anything about hackers.If you email them directly to report a hacker, you get a generic response to use the ingame report feature.Hackers can unban themselves.Hackers can clear reports about them.Hackers can crash your game.Hackers can control your character.Hackers go undetected as they avoid using the game drivers and files directly.Hackers have the ability to delete your charcater and/or account.Hackers know Rockstar can't do a thing about them.Rockstar do their bans in waves, but by this point, there's already a new mod menu out.Rockstar are about 10 steps behind the hackers.As you see, the cons outweigh the pros, but it's mostly, if not all, down to the amount of hackers.Don't call them modders, that's like trying to say the turd you just dropped is a chocolate log. Clear up the hackers and this game will go back to being fun, until then, avoid this game, and probably safe to avoid GTA 6 when that is released around 2020."
76561197960723582,Not Recommended,271590,16400995,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,GOAT ｼ,"Until Rockstar does something about the modders/hackers, this game is not worth $60.00.  There will always be hackers/modders, but this is a bit ridiculous.  It's happening way to much way to often to even enjoy the game."
,Recommended,271590,23768748,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MickyPick,"This games single player experience alone makes it worth every penny. The character arcs are all interesting and there arent any super boring missions. It take at least 20-30 hours  to complete the story for the first time excluding all the extra stuff on the side.The multiplayer is kind of a mixed bag as far as the solo experience goes. If you have a couple friends then this game will probably be a lot more fun for you. The hesits are fun and rewarding and the missions that you can just do for a quick amount of cash are all different for the most part. You can do pretty much anything you can imagine in the multiplayer whether it be golfing, racing, tdm, missions, heists, customizing cars, hanging out with your friends or crew.The only thing that is really REALLY stupid are the microtransactions. You can spend REAL money for a small amount of IN-GAME money. If you pay $100 in real  money you can get $8,000,000 in-game money which is fine I guess but when you think about how much most of the stuff in the game costs then its really not worth it at all. $8,000,000 cant even buy the best type of yacht and its jsut a way for rockstar to make more money.Ignoring that though this game is easily a 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,33421793,Posted: 9 July,all,Bark3rR,Just got my account banned for 30 days and an account reset because somebody dropped money on me :/ Lol I was level 89 and just bought the new gun running items.
,Not Recommended,271590,28359807,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CallmeSeized,"Good Game, But the Rules So bad."
,Not Recommended,271590,33256813,Posted: 4 July,all,WinRAR,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198090257049,Not Recommended,271590,32999383,Posted: 29 June,all,CTU1,"funny how the game is about crime yet you still end up spending real money to get what you want unless you dont wanna get it at all, might as well call it ""real life simulator I"""
,Recommended,271590,15372154,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,「CandyS」,The best game ever  Finaly is on PC :DD
,Not Recommended,271590,33894715,Posted: 29 July,all,Microsoft Word,Screw this game.Over priced for the piece of crap game this is.All they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥care about is money money money.DONT BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,271590,29471748,Posted: 24 January,all,Stanley,"EA might be greedy, but Rockstar will ban you for no reason. 1/10 would not buy again."
76561198353434753,Not Recommended,271590,33823935,Posted: 26 July,all,daawesomeness,every thing is overpriced and the sharkcards arent even worth it because $100 in real money can only buy you around two vehicles
,Recommended,271590,15429957,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Magical Socks,Needs more guns and explosion stuff
76561198012830308,Not Recommended,271590,32966513,Posted: 28 June,all,FuFu The Manatee,this game is very bad not buyme no like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online grind festgrind fest bad
,Not Recommended,271590,33869019,Posted: 28 July,all,DarkTimes,"52 hours...8-10 of single player, and 30+ online hours.Just to log in one day, and a modder stole all my vehicles...Uninstalled.This game is a broken pile of ****"
76561198074384654,Not Recommended,271590,32996860,Posted: 29 June,all,LangyLangford,Im here to join the band-wagon too
76561198067271729,Not Recommended,271590,32449191,Posted: 15 June,all,StefetS,RIP Single player mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32543984,Posted: 18 June,all,The Drunk Turtle,"I don't usually do the reviews. I do tho need to say mods are vital to single player for most people,the online hacking is a bad part of it but it's two different issues. I don't blame rockstar but the parent company called take two. Work with the modern to prevent issues not snuff em out all together."
76561198034740265,Not Recommended,271590,33981698,Posted: 2 August,all,Bizarro lexilogo,"Singleplayer is what you'd expect from a GTA game. Some people will prefer some of the original GTAs to this one, but it is mostly a matter of preference. About my only major gripe is that your main cashflow in the singleplayer is from doing missions that you can only do once. (as in, you only get the monetary reward once. Would've liked to see more open-world moneymaking opportunities)This review is a downvote because of GTA Online. This game is fine for the singleplayer component, but GTA Online is a gigantic steaming pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e. Making GTA multiplayer fun seems like something just about anyone could do, but somehow Take 2 (Not Rockstar, from my understanding they have very little involvement with GTA Online) have screwed it up.It's a gigantic goddamn grind. This is the biggest issue. Each new addition to the game via updates has cost an unbelievable amount of money. You think that £60 Shark Card for 8 million in-game bucks is gonna get you a lot of stuff? Nope! Maybe when the game launched, that would've been the case, (A tank will cost like 2-3 million) but NOT in its current state. Each new thing they add (vehicles are the worst offender) to spend your money on will typically cost several million dollars to buy, and even more to fully maximise (generally each update will come with 40-50 million dollars' worth of stuff to buy). My jaw hit the floor when I saw that a single mod for a Lowrider could set me back half a million dollars. That should be, what... Around £3.50? £3.50 for ONE vehicle mod out of dozens of slots?! And people thought horse armor was bad value for money!Some will try to justify this by saying that it's ""free updates"" (well, not for singleplayer, I think Lowriders was the last online update with anything for SP. I guess those 5 mins to port weapons to Ammunation in SP was costing too much money), but that is still no excuse for the INSANE costs, and allow me to remind you it's also why this game's pricetag has not deprecated at all since launch. It's still selling as a full price game. I would much, MUCH rather have this game be half the price than it is now, than have GTA Online's support for the past several years. I'd trade that in an instant, and I don't even personally stand to gain from slashing the pricetag because I already own the game.Other problems with GTA Online? Hackers, loads of them (and the grind has only encouraged them more. On servers hackers will have dozens of people sucking up to them hoping for cash to get spawned in, too). Take 2's mod policy has not served to slow them down at all, and has only hit fairly innocent modders in the process rather than proper hackers.They also have some kind of aversion for adding to and improving systems that already exist- For example, Heists? We haven't gotten a single new Heist since they launched. VIPs and the buisness stuff? Instead of improving what they already have, they added numerous different pointless variants on them that work completely differently, rather than improving the systems. Open-world events (That were actually one of the best things to happen to GTA Online in, like, forever)? IIRC ONE extra got added. Each GTA Online update doesn't actually make GTA Online better, it makes GTA Online bigger, with content that doesn't fit into it very well and is barely ever improved after release. (I should correct myself: Adversary Mode is the exception, it gets a new bonus mode around every single damn update. Seriously, how many Adversary Modes are there at this point?! THIRTY-FIVE?! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ talk about a fractured playerbase! Does Take Two's CEO just do nothing else in his spare time but play Adversary Mode or something? Why do they love it so much?!)Don't let this review stop you from buying the game for singleplayer (unless you really don't want to support take2, in which case go for it and boycott this if you want to), but if you are factoring multiplayer into your purchase, don't. It's of little if not zero value whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,271590,33001585,Posted: 29 June,all,Isaac,OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,29998102,Posted: 17 February,all,24spencer,"Singleplayer Campaign is passable, I suppose. The game pales in comparison to GTA IV in terms of realism, worldbuilding and just about everything but the singleplayer is perfectly playable.The online multiplayer, however, is an uninteresting, frustrating grindy mess and it seems to me that what R* really wanted to focus on was the online mode. Naturally, the best way to go about that is with horrendous connection issues, host-based lobbies instead of dedicated servers, and an extremely uninteresting experience. There is no endgame, or hook, to keep players invested in GTA V. The online seems to have been designed around the concept that players should just grind the same missions over and over until eventually they can get the car they want, but it's too bad if you were hoping you could show it off and feel proud, because xx_♥♥♥♥♥nipples_xx over there got his by cheating and 69_financialirresponsibility_96 just shelled out 10 dollars for ingame currency to get it. This not to mention the horrendous gunplay; due to a variety of reasons, the guns all feel extremely weak and unsatisfying to use, mainly because they have absolutely no meaningful recoil, enemies have a disgustingly huge amount of health in the Online mode, and the actual firerates of nearly every weapon is something like 3 rounds a second, with a looping sound effect in place to make it seem faster.I can't help but feel that even free to play games are above producing online experiences this bad."
,Not Recommended,271590,34567651,Posted: 28 August,all,Cataclysm,"Do not buy this game.-1197 hours played, never cheated, modded in any way or recieved modded money.-Removed my legitimately earned money with no explanation.-Banning Innocent players randomly because of poor new anti cheat system.-Impossible to play an online game without one or more people cheating.-Limitations of daily ammount of max money you can earn because of new anti-cheat system."
,Not Recommended,271590,32837268,Posted: 26 June,all,Script,this game is sickyou log inget a ton of free cash from hackers (modders)buy the best vehicles weapons etcget boreduninstalli rate it 9 stars out of 11.
,Not Recommended,271590,32837346,Posted: 26 June,all,Q13E5 ︻デ═一,"Modding brought a lot of fun into gta5 singleplayer and brought some hilarious youtube videos. but by banning it after letting the program grow that the gta5 staff knew existed, why not just make a patch that scans the game before letting the player onto the gta5 online world.*Thanks Take-Two. Thank you very much. best choice.*-------------------OLD review above------------------So mods are back on singleplayer, but a few sites died because of the ""cease and desist"" action.there is still a few cheaters online that somehow are under the radar."
,Not Recommended,271590,15722926,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Underdrill,"Modding is a fundamental feature of almost all PC games, and is partly the reason why I bought this game in the first place. Now that it has been made 'illegal' for this game, there is much less of a reason to buy it. The story mode is good, however the online is very microtransaction heavy and Rockstar's money hungry business practices are very evident with the recent shut down of the OpenIV website.Rockstar, if you are not willing to accept that your games are going to be modded, don't consider bringing your games to the platform in the first place. Or better yet, reverse the damage you've done to the modding community and allow full mod support for all your current and future games. However, it's very clear from this move that the call for even more microtransaction money is too strong.You should be ashamed of yourselves Rockstar and Take Two."
76561197970809115,Not Recommended,271590,32446823,Posted: 15 June,all,KoOlwa'd,"RIP OPEN IV.Note for later purchase :humm... this game seems great , is it a T2 interactive game ?  :* YES ... erf , i ll save my money"
,Not Recommended,271590,30130669,Posted: 23 February,all,super bean,Thanks for the permaban I wasted 60 dollars and I can't do anything since their support is absolutely amazing.
,Recommended,271590,19663638,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,a real human,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Not Recommended,271590,32642813,Posted: 22 June,all,CreedAnimatesAE,"Damn, RIP this game.RIP OpenIV.What even..."
,Not Recommended,271590,29586805,Posted: 30 January,all,𝒾𝓂𝓁𝑒𝑔𝑒𝓃𝒹,"I bought this game 70$,I have it for 7-8 months and today I got banned permanently for no reasonRockstar can you at least remove my ban from GTA Online please?"
76561198064811677,Not Recommended,271590,32713141,Posted: 23 June,all,KP,If you can't mod it half the fun is missing.
76561198253667027,Not Recommended,271590,22408664,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Young soul,i hate Grand Theft Auto 5 online and Rockstar! Don't ask me why.
,Not Recommended,271590,32431270,Posted: 15 June,all,Mekarino,Bad move Take TwoEdit:We did it boysOverwall:mixed
,Not Recommended,271590,29260743,Posted: 14 January,all,mild pain,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBQP9gEldRkhow to get banned in this game ft. rockstar's reaction
76561197971247257,Not Recommended,271590,26417335,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,rice n curry lmao,0/10 would get banned again for not cheating.
76561198325218423,Not Recommended,271590,32773221,Posted: 25 June,all,kilomix1,"Grand Theft Auto has taken an intense downfall due to Take Two Interactions for the cease and desist of OpenIV. OpenIV has been used by majority of Rockstar players on the PC and it is mainly used for fun and creativity. Mods are mainly used in single player and any player that uses any mods in the multiplayer should be delt with individually versus having everyone suffer. The maker of OpenIV should limit mods to where they are restricted to single player only and no player can transfer any modifications to GTA Online. If this cease and desist should continue, Grand Theft Auto PC will definitely lose substantial amount of its players."
,Not Recommended,271590,32483988,Posted: 16 June,all,Proxy,Take Two sucks.
76561198030401883,Not Recommended,271590,32447636,Posted: 15 June,all,Moghard,More grind than Eve Online
76561198258929285,Not Recommended,271590,32446562,Posted: 15 June,all,Ahmed Ridha,♥♥♥♥You t2
76561198077576087,Not Recommended,271590,30130285,Posted: 23 February,all,Moist Towelettes,"Accidentally starts up GTA Online without knowing the game is modded for GTAV. Failsafe on the mod bugs out and lets me get onto GTA Online and i randomly get kicked out of the game. Retry GTA Online and i get the failsafe error that shoulda worked the first time. Gets perma banned a few hours later. I can't even appeal the ban since thats just the way things are now.For The Love Of God don't get sucked into buying the game for gta Online, you'll waste too much time and money (if you get tempted easily).The funny thing is that they are making fun of the same things they are XD. A money hungry (8m cash in the game is $100 which is the price of a fully upgraded boat you can't sell once you buy it) company that doesn't want to deal with the people who get sucked into buying this game.Just don't buy it."
76561198102265794,Not Recommended,271590,33659349,Posted: 19 July,all,tshack211,When are we going to get some single player dlc?
,Recommended,271590,17466039,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,The Tiger Tank,It's good.
,Not Recommended,271590,15681949,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Fel,"Banning people for using mods in SP? Really Rockstar?I'm not using any mods and I'm not banned ~  I still would love a refund if I could get one and I will never be buying from this company again.F you, Rockstar."
76561198169356672,Not Recommended,271590,15682160,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,JereFIN,It is the best version of the game available but I have to thumb it down out of principle and in protest against Rockstar banning gamers for using mods even in single player mode.
,Not Recommended,271590,15682868,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TRAAAAAAAAAAAASH,"I was banned from online for using an FOV mod, GG Rockstar. I do not recommend this game to anyone, the PC support for this game is out of the question, it is sad enough that I waited over a year and a half after release on peasant consoles and now I am banned for freely using a game to its full extent for having fun with all of my friends. Also the game got boring due to the simple facts of me seeing so many youtube videos and there is just simply nothing to do, the game is bland and dull with no real excitement to it what so ever, Rockstar has really messed this one up. Conclusion is dont buy it, stick to games made for PC guys because it is clear people do not care about you having fun, its all about getting as much cash to fill those pockets."
,Not Recommended,271590,15681782,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,cheshirrrr,"Pros: It's the same GTA. Roam the city. shoot police, steal cars. Make money for new cars, guns and clothing.Cons: ITS THE SAME GTA. Almost nothing is improved or added. All mechanics are just a little rehash of a previous versions.And if you want to play online - prepare to deal with peer-to-peer sessions and constant connectivity problems.You can spend from 5 to 20 minutes just to go online.And then you will spend a lot of time trying to join someone's mission, or waiting while someone will join yours."
76561198007558403,Not Recommended,271590,29422763,Posted: 22 January,all,][Aronax][,"Hi! Don't buy. No anticheat system.I'm get banned for near money drop from cheater. All data deleted. No bans for god mode, no bans for unlimited ammo, teleports. Cheaters in all sessions. U can lose everything in this game even if u play fear."
,Not Recommended,271590,30084301,Posted: 21 February,all,RelicLord,"Singleplayer is good, exactly what you would expect from a GTA game. The real disappointment is the multiplayer.- First and worst, the entirety of it is designed to make you pay money (in addition to the game's cost). Anything good costs more money than you can make in a week of playing when you start off. This becomes very important when...- Second. Multiplayer is a deathmatch. At all times. Players that are higher level than you will kill you with sniper rifles and miniguns just because you joined their server. You will respawn immediately next to where you died. They will kill you again. Good luck joining another server or waiting for them to get bored.- You can buy good weapons if you bought the DLC and have the in-game cash, but in the end it's still you firing bullets at a bulletproof car. Weapons and armor are level locked.- You cannot form a party with other players (to play in races/games/missions together). This is intentionally removed from the game.- You can form a private session with only invites or friends playing, but this disables 95% of the content of the game. Companies and MCs are forbidden in this mode.- You will be forced into public matches for any mission you attempt (even if you were starting it in a private session). The other players can and will fail the mission on purpose. Every. Single. Time. These missions are not allowed to be done solo or in a closed group.- You can form an exclusive MC or Company, however:-> It is reset every session (if your friend joins a race or disconnects, he's removed from the group)-> All of the missions are PvP oriented. Your attempt will be announced to the entire map, every player will have a constant gps with your location, and they will get bonuses from murdering you repeatedly. Missions are forbidden in private sessions.-> They cost a metric buttload to form. You'll probably pay it with real money.The bottom line is that GTAO is a free-for-all deathmatch that is designed to prevent people from playing with their friends. This wouldn't be so bad if the random pubs weren't 80% trolls waiting to ♥♥♥♥ up your day. If you buy it, stick to singleplayer. It's the only part worth $20."
,Not Recommended,271590,29474107,Posted: 24 January,all,lll,"PRE-ORDERED this game to play online, fully enjoyed my playtime, but god this is BAN SIMULATOR!Today i just got banned for 1 month with character reset(lvl 180-that's frustrating) for no reason ofc.SO I WASTED 800 HRS OF MY LIFE!THANK YOUR ROCKSTAR FOR THIS BAN SYSTEM!11/10 would get BANNED AGAIN FOR NO REASON!"
,Not Recommended,271590,30093737,Posted: 21 February,all,Laski 🎃,0/10 won't play again because too scared of getting banned for no reason.
,Not Recommended,271590,30603925,Posted: 18 March,all,Lesta Demon,Honestly not a bad game but it all leans to PVP. and the people on there are just toxic. It's okay to defend yourself but then there are people who will do nothing but go around killing other players. and thats it. I know its part of the game but there needs to be more than just a mental state change. This isnt a gmae for those who want to play normal GTA. all this is a huge pvp game like call of duty But at least you get to drive around with your friends. They should just allow you and your friends to do what you want without worring about a random person coming by and messing everything up for you at last second.
,Recommended,271590,25132446,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,FURYY,"GTA V A beatiful game the graphics gameplay. People say it gets boring when you unlock the cars apartments etc. It doesent, You can race do deathmatches stunts skydive, make apartment partys, improptu races, And Much more!A few weeks ago i thought the same things but now i understand.The game is a little expensive though...."
,Recommended,271590,27120007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eggsy,Hours of fun. Game just keeps giving
,Not Recommended,271590,32440759,Posted: 15 June,all,ZakAttack,Take two can eat  my♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ them.
76561198017970645,Not Recommended,271590,34073874,Posted: 6 August,all,Douglas,"Great game until they decides to add Oppressor. A motor bike that goes completely against physics and realism of the game. All GTAs have annoying things to look more realistic, like taking forever to get into a car or an apartment or down the stairs. So I always thought Rockstart wants realism. Well I was wrong.The game turned into Saints Row with this stupid bike that can destroy helicopters, tanks and fighter jets. And since the game if FULL of cheaters, even that is hard to get this bike, everybody got one. Ruined the game for honest players."
76561198189897337,Not Recommended,271590,33163336,Posted: 2 July,all,wawanesa5speed,No mods? No game. Pass.
,Not Recommended,271590,33165079,Posted: 2 July,all,Tristin,I don't recommend this game because when I transfered my character to the PC I had 13 million in my account 2 days later I got banned....
,Not Recommended,271590,26517122,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nikne,Banned theft Auto VSomeone else hacks on the server i also get banned nice
,Not Recommended,271590,26324059,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,hehexd,"Banned for using TS, LUL."
76561198051043899,Not Recommended,271590,26324382,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Phillip is Glowing,The customer support if ♥♥♥♥ing cancer. Got banned for no reason
,Not Recommended,271590,26316538,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TeeRider,"""hackers are ruining the game with all their hacked money, what can we do about that? Lets make everything more expensive!"" - RockstarI mean ffs, you get about 10.000$ per mission and when you do a heist, which contains 5 preperation missions you get about 150.000$? I'm not sure right nowbut it costs ♥♥♥♥ing 800.000$ to change your Karin Sultan to a Karin Sultan RS and you know what that does? nothing! except that you can spend even more money to customize your car!update: nothing has changed but atleast rockstar gave me 2mio $ for free"
,Not Recommended,271590,26394001,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,AcrobaticMoose,"The story's alright, but since Rockstar thinks no one plays it anymore they don't update it with anything new.GTA Online, however, they do update. Very often, nice cars, nice new features and lots of people playing.Unfortunately, the economy is screwed. More than our own. Unless you like grinding your♥♥♥♥♥off in missions for hours on end, there's not much for you here.Go spend your shekels elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,271590,28213517,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CCommandeRR,"I remember playing this game when it came out on ps3, then  i bought it again on PC for the online experience... to bad my computer fried and i was unable to game for a whole year... i finally got my PC up and running, i can finally play gta online with my friends again.... but rockstar said nope, and got me permabanned for no reason... 10/10 would get progression and characters deleted just for getting permabanned l8r again"
76561197982187481,Not Recommended,271590,26308246,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Flednel,I hate social club
,Recommended,271590,15876595,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ben,ill be unbanned on 2035best game ever 10/0
,Not Recommended,271590,34072340,Posted: 6 August,all,Jaker,Do not play Online mode if you actually want to have fun unless you're a brain dead retard who wants to drop hundreds of real life actual dollars for enough in-game cash so you can do missions and jobs without getting killed by other players.Or just get a modder to do it for you.
,Not Recommended,271590,32999927,Posted: 29 June,all,Bonk Donkulous,"bad game, buy this only if you wanna grind for hours for a car you could've gotten instantly in vice city. Also, the devs suck♥♥♥♥♥about modding."
,Not Recommended,271590,15460957,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,A-Mei-Zing,"Single player is fine.But let's have a talk about the cluster ♥♥♥♥ that is the Online. How can a company like Rockstar, who's probably made billions from these games world wide not have some of the best anti-cheat on the market in their games? Every time I play online I have to deal with some jackass with a cheat system of some kind. Whether it's blowing up everyone's cars, speed hacks, or blocking you in so you're forced to find a new session. It never stops, and Rockstar could really give less than a damn. If you're looking to play the Online and are unsure, don't bother. Because you also might get banned for no reason because you happened to be in a lobby with a hacker."
76561198126498137,Not Recommended,271590,30072140,Posted: 20 February,all,Mastalas,Permanent Bans are ridiculous. Restricting you from half of the game after paying for the entire game. Give me my money back then.
,Recommended,271590,25585274,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lil Autism,If you like loading screens then this game is for you#LoadingSimulator
,Not Recommended,271590,29413503,Posted: 21 January,all,Stinko,Online is worthless. everyone hacks and the people who dont hack get banned for hacking.
,Not Recommended,271590,29422666,Posted: 22 January,all,Yousseff.,"Was playing with a couple of friends. We did a heist or two after having some fun went to bed, woke up the next morning went checking my e-mail saw a email from rockstar account got suspended for 30 days while i never cheated or hacked...tbqh as seeing whats going around rockstar is just suspending/banning people's accounts for kicks&laughs.I absolutely don't recommend this game anymore since the new policy they brought out♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,271590,26770114,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir_Nalleboiii🎩,Loading Simulator 2015. :D
,Not Recommended,271590,23353621,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SpoonsOfFury,"This review only applies to GTA Online, because the story mode of the game is a masterpiece:~Horrible loading times~Nobody speaks english~A ton of hackers and modders~People kill you for literally no reason~Freezes and then crashes at random moments~After almost 3 years its still 60$. Seriously?~Has become nothing more than a cashgrab for RockstarEDIT: I left a negative review before it was cool. B)"
,Not Recommended,271590,29655164,Posted: 2 February,all,Venus,"I got this game because how amazing it is and the endless amounts of fun you can have online and in story mode. Recently I got banned for 1 month, I didn't really know how and was just going to wait it out. I had to completely restart my Online from level 113. I completed the tutorial, and got to about level 9 and then I logged off. The next day I recieved an email from rockstar saying, ""your account has been suspended permanently."" I am very disappointed because I spent 60$ on a game that I truly enjoyed playing online on and I get banned twice for no reason. Rockstar support isn't even worth contacting because they all have their heads in their asses, and tell you there is nothing they can do.So basically if you are looking to play any online, do NOT buy this game. I am warning you, your 60$ could be better spent especially since the tech support is worthless."
,Not Recommended,271590,30092146,Posted: 21 February,all,CatFucksDog,"Got banned for no reason just last night. I'm totally a new player who didn't even know what is modding. Never get any money from stranger and never do anything wrong. Just bought the game for a month and got the first ban, character will be reset all my money gone. Then the second ban will be permanently. I will never ever buy R* game in my whole life again."
,Not Recommended,271590,33087445,Posted: 1 July,all,oLii,"After the recent update, the Rockstar Support has done something against Money Modders/Cheaters yet i can not understand that they've taken 1 million LEGIT FARMED GTA $ FROM ME. I DIDNT CHEAT WTFGONNA GIVE  THAT GAME A BAD REVIEW CAUSE OF THAT"
,Not Recommended,271590,33495244,Posted: 12 July,all,patton3,"Take 2 has ruined their reputaion and destryed any trust we had in them by banning modding, even apoligizing would only be due to community backlash, not because they changed their minds, modding is a large part of this game, and it needs to stay that way if they want to keep their players"
,Not Recommended,271590,33495821,Posted: 12 July,all,NX01ARCHER,Take two is money hungry
,Not Recommended,271590,33788659,Posted: 25 July,all,Fuckmothering Shark,"This game appears to be getting raked through the mud due to the abhorrent pricing on Shark Cards. Game's fun and all, but that just won't slide. Best recommendation is to fight with your wallet. Don't buy Shark cards, because so long as they get a sizeable revenue at the end of the day, their actions won't change. We as the community have to make the difference, otherwise the company won't lift a finger."
76561198027963580,Not Recommended,271590,29599274,Posted: 30 January,all,Devil's Gambit,Game kept crashing after the Biker update so I stopped playing for a few weeks thinking it was the update not being optimized after attempting to play with some friends in a closed server like always got banned for 30 days and had my account reset for no given reason and with no appeal possible luckily I was the only one in my group of friends to have this happen but it still puts a very bitter taste in my mouth with Rockstar.
76561198156052449,Not Recommended,271590,32839576,Posted: 26 June,all,Magnus11111,"I bought this game on 3X different formats with the latest being for PC modding in ""SOLO MODE"", but ""TAKE-TWO"" was greedy and betrayed us ""LOYAL"" customers by going after OpenIV and the modding community.  I could never recommend this game for the online mode because it ""SUCKS""!  Now I cannot recommend the single player mode because ""TAKE-TWO"" ""RUINED"" that experience.SCREW YOU ""TAKE-TWO""!!!"
76561198243379542,Not Recommended,271590,33240992,Posted: 4 July,all,MentaLMetaL,"This game sucks... I've bought it on the Xbox 360 the day it came out, on the Xbox One the day it came out, and then I bought it for the PC recently (Christmas of 2016). Now I know what you're saying.. ""Why would you buy the same game 3 times if it sucks?"".. Well my response is that I really wanted the first person feature on the new generation consoles and I really wanted to Mod story mode. Since these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at Take Two tried to shut the modding community, their true colors have shown. Even though we have OPENIV back it still doesn't mean that they didn't TRY and wipe out the modding community. The only reason that we have OPENIV again is because they were loosing money and getting negative reviews and when a game has 'Overwhelmingly Negative' reviews, they end up loosing money. I mean, can't you tell they don't care about the players? A 3 year, 9 month, and 21 day old game is still the same price as a BRAND NEW game???? Cmon.... This is an absolute piece of sh*t of a game. The creators, Rockstar, and parent company, Take Two Interactive, don't care about anything the players have to say. It's all about money to them. I've been waiting on a Story mode DLC since I was 13!!!! I'm 16 now. The only way this game is fun is with mods, since you have to buy a $20 Shark Cards that only give you a little over a Million.. Or play for 4 hours straight with trolls just to make enough to buy a CEO building. Take my advice and invest in a better game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32640639,Posted: 22 June,all,Nr.9 Boon,Sold out
76561198106723044,Not Recommended,271590,32838592,Posted: 26 June,all,iEndDreams,bring back mods
76561198302686565,Not Recommended,271590,32838456,Posted: 26 June,all,420EATIT,♥♥♥♥ you take two mods are the one that are helping yall they make people buy it to do the stuff we do ♥♥♥♥ yall i hate gta5 im never buying a rockstar game ever
,Recommended,271590,19015848,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Bizzy,"With all it has to offer, GTA5, to me, is in-line with the greatest games of all time. To me, it's personally tied with GTA3, and GTA:SA, in GTA terms.As always, the voice acting and music selections are near perfect, weaving the fabric that keeps the GTA world alive. Added is a new, independant score written for the game, which makes story portions much more intense and awesome.The graphics are astounding if you have the power, as this is the most intense game I've played so far graphically. In fact I had to upgrade my video card just to handle this beast. But it was worth it. Talk about crisp, as-close-as-we've-got graphics for a modern world, absolutely badass.For me, the main downside is loading times. I play a lot of GTA Online, since that's where the replay is at, and the loading times can be frustrating. To me, some of it is coding, but who knows! I mean if I attempt to join a job, and it fails, why does it have to quit my session and find a new one, half of the time the matching fails and I go back to the single player. Ouch!To recap:This is one of the best games I've ever played. The only downsides are with GTA Online, being some super long loading times and the once-and-again god hackers. Every other aspect of the game is flat great. So if you enjoy GTA-style open-world games, get this game if your computer can handle it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32451958,Posted: 15 June,all,Saeran,"Instead of going after all those cheaters in the online that make it unplayable, they threatened the developers of OpenIV, a SINGLE PLAYER ONLY modding tool that CAN NOT BE USED ONLINE WHAT SO EVER. They even said themselves that singleplayer only modding was fine a while back.Oh, but Scripthook, the actual cheating tool using DLL injection wasn't touched, so the Online is still full of cheaters.Way to destroy what made your PC version worthwhile. If I could still refund the game I would."
76561198061732456,Not Recommended,271590,32822753,Posted: 26 June,all,Bigdickjohnson,Down down down down!
,Not Recommended,271590,32467933,Posted: 16 June,all,EastTNDashcam,OpenIV HAS to survive.
,Not Recommended,271590,32586532,Posted: 20 June,all,Decerto,rip modding
76561198347785350,Not Recommended,271590,29932953,Posted: 14 February,all,Mr. Sparkles,"The game itself is good, but if i were to buy this game i would get it on sale because i bought the game for $40 and after 3 months and became really boring because the multiplayer has modders that just give you cash and you dont have to do anything. Overall great game, but keep an open mind there are better games."
76561198050154223,Not Recommended,271590,30132638,Posted: 23 February,all,Ty,friend got the guy did a heist together♥♥♥♥♥♥got banned for some reason and you cant appeal the decision or talk to anybody about it its just a gian ♥♥♥♥ you pretty much
76561198255941197,Not Recommended,271590,31182735,Posted: 16 April,all,kakiayam92,i got ban for no reason..♥♥♥♥ you rockstar!!i suggest u all play solo session if not the hacker or modder will drop money at u and u will got ban immediately
,Not Recommended,271590,24608425,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jippolatta,"Sure I'll still play this game but would I reccomend it at full price? NO.SIngleplayer has just been forgotten about and unless you are planning on purchasing hundreds of dollars worth of shark cards then you aren't going to be getting very far online. A turbo for your car can cost over $30,000...I understand you have to grind to make money and that's fair enough but when the servers contantly disconnect, you get bans for no reason, and job payouts are next to nothing then how are you meant to even afford the ammo to just play with friends?Customer support has left this game to rot and are just getting ready for the next Red Dead.TL;DR if it's not on sale don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,271590,23896402,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kill all nazis,bought myself a $2200 gaming laptop cause I'm working as contractor in an oilrig. It happens this stupid game won't let you play offline (you DO need Internet connection)FU Rockstar
76561198153345441,Not Recommended,271590,23671862,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Rigsy,"Really really boring...You can have 15 hours of fun in solo game play , but in online game play, you're ♥♥♥♥ed up . i tell you what IN EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING SINGLE SESSION YOU WILL ♥♥♥♥ING MET THE ♥♥♥♥ING MODERS, and every person you met will suddenly shoot your head with no reason, or Launch the ♥♥♥♥ing RPG to you with no ♥♥♥♥ING REASON, is every people in this game pshycotic or something? , then why wouldn't you play offline with story mode? , well in offline mode you cant get anything after you complete the story mode for example , no Heist mission like online mode, no Awesome car, no Awesome Yacht, no Awesome Quest, and no Gang war, oh and dont forget about the building if you think in this game there will be so many open building like in GTA4 well you wrong dude, there is no open building in this game. Even in GTA 4 you'll have like 20-30 open bulding , but in this game you'll only have less than 10For the Finale if you really really want this game badly and you dont care about the Online mode,well you can have it, BUT if you want this game cause the online play well im giving you advice please re-consider to buy this game .ITS NOT WORTH ITsorry for my bad english"
76561198063842172,Not Recommended,271590,30132356,Posted: 23 February,all,Wrath,"Random bans, tons of hackers, and god aweful costumer support from RockStar. if RockStar gets bored you will get banned"
76561198078884278,Not Recommended,271590,31172028,Posted: 15 April,all,Krysanthemum,"Great Campaign, Awful Customer Service and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Online. The only good thing I'm happy with is the friends I made in GTA Online. But hackers have ruined it for me. Rockstar needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and ban these Spawn Menus from online play."
76561197994431624,Not Recommended,271590,23840968,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Teknoz,"Great singlepayer story, god awful multiplayer. Not worth the price."
,Recommended,271590,27625070,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,๋,hehe xd
,Not Recommended,271590,16426264,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,THE D,Gets really boring after a while.
,Not Recommended,271590,16336024,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,el duderino,Bunch of price gouging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,271590,16392809,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,WasD,Greedy R* GTFO.
,Not Recommended,271590,26316831,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,hiphoptherobot,I wish I could have played this game when Rockstar still gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their online servers.  I'll bet it was really fun back in the day.
,Not Recommended,271590,32493816,Posted: 16 June,all,Krobelux,It assaulted me.
,Recommended,271590,26979643,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ennui,The picnic? The picnic!
76561198059087155,Not Recommended,271590,23838064,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,zCaptain,GTA V Online: Biggest piece of crap on Steam. Don't BotherSingle-Player: Worth about 25-30$ - It's very good.
,Not Recommended,271590,24223194,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,乱秀凡苏,"u can see my game time,it look me a long time to play this game,online s mode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,mang people are cheating,u can not give players a good gaming experience,and rock star think this not enough,some people cheat,finally put your number has been blocked.like me,i always play this game in the online with my friends,one day,i normally enter the game and i met a cheater,so i choice closed this game and to eat my lunch,but when i was setting in a chair for luanch,stupid rock stat told me that i was permanently banned for cheating,not reason,just banned,without rhyme or reason,to begin with,i guess this game is not bad,but now,if i live in New York,i think i will go to rock star s office,and kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of  management of cheating nerd,this game beyond the story mode,it is a lump of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198237286000,Not Recommended,271590,24629160,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,1557461957,"RS always ban for no reason .dont buy this game ,you will not play happy"
76561198069741528,Not Recommended,271590,24655927,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,quakefile,This game has a descent story ill give it that but Online. Is a huge P2W and P2P♥♥♥♥♥♥stain and well as the leagues of hackers with things like aim bot and god mode. The only good way to rack up money in a decent amount of time is to. A) pay a ton of money. B Get a hacker to give you a bunch or C) Grind until your 50.
,Not Recommended,271590,24381824,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Falconhoof,No matter the mission... No matter the player level.... No matter the fully loaded arsenal of rockets and cars... The randoms will not be able to complete the mission without ♥♥♥♥ing it up.
76561198100591909,Not Recommended,271590,30052335,Posted: 19 February,all,Gmyth,It is a beatiful game. But the ban for no reason  really hurts.
,Not Recommended,271590,32507215,Posted: 17 June,all,Great Canadian HEINZKetchup Cake,They are Banning single player mods for no reason at all.
,Not Recommended,271590,32635259,Posted: 21 June,all,mobix,Take Two don't mess with OpenIV
76561198110684379,Not Recommended,271590,33328390,Posted: 6 July,all,Yames,"Avoid like the plague.Sends C&D to kill OpenIV, and has to backtrack after tremendous backlash, now its known that they banned players from playing any of their games for being even remotely associated with a mod"
,Not Recommended,271590,24145085,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,kwart,"Single Player is awesome.GTA Online is literally♥♥♥♥♥♥ everyone keeps killing you and you're forced to either go in a lonely server or go in safe mode and not be able to use guns.. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥anyways cause barely any people can be in 1 server and it's repetitive,GTA Multiplayer though, if that's released, with roleplay servers, I'd rate this game good. :) Untill then, it's a bad rating from me."
,Not Recommended,271590,32552297,Posted: 18 June,all,[SSB]QWOB[くをぶ],"Incase you dont know, Take Two interactive, the publishers for Grand Theft Auto V have cut support for OpenIV, the tool that offered in-depth modding for the game. and since then the game has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥pretty much, so yeah rip"
,Recommended,271590,25284773,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,♥ Rebecca ♥,"In the last week this game has found itself among my top played games. I have owned it for less than a year and already I have spent nearly half as long in it as I have in my most played game, which I have had for three years. GTA 5 is an amazing game, and I recommend it strongly.I am not sure why I'm reviewing a game that's like 3 years old, especially when I was among the 'slow' ones to get it. It had been out for over 2 years by the time I got it, and to be honest, when I first started playing, I was really disappointed. Originally I focused on multiplayer, as the main reason I got it was to play with a friend. I personally found 'Online' to be a bit boring, despite the 200+ combined hours I have spent in it. I started out with no idea how to earn money, and no markers on my map for anything. That was fixed with a setting, and then I discovered jobs like races and heists, and later on, things like Sumo and the recent races with double RP and Cash.The thing that let the overall game down for me, with regards to multiplayer, is: A) Clothes Choices, and B) Hair. Personally, as an introverted character that likes a cute style of clothing rather than a gangster, or any other extroverted look, I found clothes shopping hard. Very hard. Maybe that was my fault for picking a game such as this to express a personality never once seen in the game. Then again, the NPC's have some of the clothes that I'd ideally like to wear, so they are in the game. Same goes for the hair really. I'd like longer, lose hair that the game actually never allows. Again, NPC's have some more appealing hairstyles, and I'd like these to be available to players; female and male. I’m sure there are guys out there that like to have long hair too and it seems wrong to divide that between genders. After all, women can have very short hair / no hair in this game.Another thing I hate with Online is how hard it is to earn enough money to get anything that you actually want. I have still only got 7 stolen cars of which I have upgraded only 2, for better engines and armour. I have purchased some guns with upgrades and three apartments. I paid for the apartments with shark cards. I have, in total, earned just over 2 million dollars in my whole GTA 'Career'. Most of that has gone to clothes, and really, not that many for the money. In short, the economy in this game is way too expensive, and perhaps the biggest failure that I personally feel destroys the game. No one can realistically spend 11,000 on one single item of clothing. GTA really shouldn't be an exception. In most standard races you only earn 9,000, so that's two races to buy a coat. A bit too pricey. That said, with good friends to enjoy playing the jobs with, it feels a lot less like work, and more like fun.And finally, the story. I found the story, for the most part, very interesting. I thought the character development was excellent and I really started to connect with each character in their own unique way. The story came together in a thrilling and exciting way for the gang, as they had to overcome problems together and hold relations, at least long enough for the last job. I won't spoil it in case people don't know, but I found the end part of the story to be a very satisfying conclusion, to wrap up such an amazing game. SPOILER:“C” was my answerOverall I would recommend this game to you, if you have not yet played it. There is a lot to do and I feel it's well worth the time. Graphically the game does look stunning, and occasionally I would be taken back by the scenery it has to offer. The actual game runs well too, and unlike most games there were no real issues that crippled experience with regards to how the game ran. I think Rockstar worked well on this game, and it was very close to perfect. I'd like to see the economy sorted out, personally, and the addition of more, longer, hair styles and some more clothes that aren't so extroverted looking. Otherwise, it's among the best games I have ever played, and it really surprised me. 9.5/10. A very well made game with plenty to offer."
,Recommended,271590,15568076,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,TommyGun,"best Rockstar optimization so farI couldn't stay away from this game for a few weeks now.I liked the story, the gameplay.. the everything I guess. There are a few problems with Online here and there but this is one of my favorite games of all time. Was it worth the wait for the PC version? Yes it definitely was, at least for me.I truly think that this game is a straight upgrade from GTA IV.. although I imagine some of you getting all angry at me and saying that I'm wrong, but this is just my opinion, which you can happily ignore!This game has a Tommy Gun in it.10/10Would I refund if I could?NOedit: there's a lot of negative bandwaggoning going on, I find most of them a dumb reason to rate the game negatively, this is not google play guys, please. I thought game reviews were supposed to be about gameplay and stuff, not judging the company for what they did in an optional 'gamemode', even if it is bad you think rating it negative on Steam will make them care when the game already made billions?"
,Not Recommended,271590,16369501,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Problem officer?,Your save data could not be loaded from the rockstar cloud servers at this time. Please try again later. Returning to Grand Theft Auto V.
,Not Recommended,271590,17080479,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,sgtparfitt,"Hello Ladies and Gentlemen,You would be expecting me to write a really positive review of this game, of how glorious, how fun and great Trevor is, this is all true, but only in the Single Player game, for the multiplayer.....I will just be blunt about it, it is a waste of time and a pain to all players, here is why.The game is full of hackers, on every server you go on you are nearly 100% guarentee to have a hacker who will just kill players with god mode on, Aiming assitance, and also to change your characters model and spawn random models into the world, they can also kill everyone in the world at once regardless of you being in a garage or your home/appartment, no-where is safe from these guys. Some of them are kind and will spawn you money, but this ruins the online game as you want to earn that money fairly from the heist mode.The servers are not monitored or moderated by Rockstar at all, it would be highly safe to assume that Rockstar have ""NO"" intent of monitoring or moderate their servers of hackers.I will change my view and recommendation of this game when they have sorted out their failuring problem of hackers in the online game, it has gotten to the point that I would want a refund of the game as it is unplayable with these people ruining our games with hacks.UPDATE: 12/08/2015You should get a refund on this game, we have had many updates to ""stop"" hackers, but this was false, I would recommend you to not play this game at all other than the Single Player campaign, if you want to have a normal online experience, 'Good Luck'UPDATE: 31-05-2016So I got banned on 21-05-2016 and been accused of 'cheating', which I have never done anything to cheat in this game, I and so many others have become victims from the cheaters themselves, and the innocent players end up getting banned, well thats what happened to me, I wait for a week and then I return to GTA Online and play some heists with my friends again, after 5 hours playing, I get disconnected and have a ban message for another week.I could not believe this at all, I had done nothing wrong at all and I get punished again, I want my money back, I wont be buying their next GTA game or a new Red Dead Redemption, this company is appaulling how they handle their players."
76561197982193990,Not Recommended,271590,34984069,Posted: 15 September,all,AJ,"Bought GTA5 for the online experience, but am really disappointed.While I really like how the online play is setup in general (needs improvement, but decent), it's ruined by things like cheaters, long load times, and very toxic players.Doesn't feel like Rockstar takes much time to really address these issues either."
76561198157459293,Not Recommended,271590,34649876,Posted: 31 August,all,Guy The Gay Mormon,Only buy the game for the story mode.Don't buy the game for online unless you wanna dump days of grinding just for one thing or wanna spent $500 every update for the dlc items bc they are so expensive.
,Not Recommended,271590,30526388,Posted: 15 March,all,Mobius,"Put 130 hours into multiplayer and loved it. Didn't play for about a year and came back to get banned within 2 hours of playing. Have never cheated, hacked, modded, or used any third party programs. A hacker dropped money on everyone in a  public server of about 20 people, don't know if anyone else got banned too. I got spammed with messages saying ""Rockstar could not complete your transaction"" so I couldn't even find a new session or close the game. I ended up closing it with task manager and just finding a new lobby.Rockstar deleted characters upon suspension. The character I put 130 hours into got deleted and I got a 30 day suspension. I already had over 20 million dollars worth of stuff, and I lose it all because someone else shot about 100k at me. Rockstar won't even review the ban, let alone appeal it. Every ticket I submit gets instantly closed with an automated response saying all bans are final. I've posted about it in the Rockstar forums and my post got deleted. After Googling the issue, there are complaints about GTA Online bans all over the Steam reviews, and both the Rockstar and Steam forums. The worst part about this is that Rockstar could see everyone's transaction history. They can just remove the money off the account of whoever this happens to. But I guess it's easier to ban them and reset their progress entirely than to individually manage accounts.Every lobby with 10 or more people is almost guaranteed to have a hacker just openly jacking without a worry, not even trying to hide it. If they just worked on banning the actual hackers, the real players wouldn't have to worry. But from what I see, people like me are the ones getting banned because of Rockstar's new zero tolerance for hackers. I love GTA Online but I cannot in good conscience recommend it to anyone knowing how common this kind of stuff is. I can't even imagine the people's frustration in similar situations, with characters that they have spent well over 130 hours on."
,Not Recommended,271590,33066722,Posted: 30 June,all,Spooky Skelyon,R.I.P. OpenlV
76561198123439950,Not Recommended,271590,29873431,Posted: 12 February,all,asma1lapp1e,Banned for no reason
,Not Recommended,271590,29484285,Posted: 25 January,all,Chrundle the Lawyer,"Was banned after playing 1.5 hours two nights ago. Literally only played missions and have never done any exploit or modded money. After one of the heists someone left the game right at the end, so I called them a ""♥♥♥♥ing Idiot"" apparantly swearing in a rated M game that features prostitution, murder, and drugs is not allowed."
76561198003366584,Recommended,271590,20335463,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,2^a3^ci1^d,What could be better GTA V ? Only GTA VI :)
76561198204935272,Not Recommended,271590,32643690,Posted: 22 June,all,Based_JD,No love for the PC platform. **** off Take 2 and Rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,34686597,Posted: 2 September,all,eren,"GTAV is very much a great game, I can not deny that!There are many pros to this game such as how the game is very optimized, big open world, freedom, a full fledged campaign and a decent multiplayer experience.Yes, this game can be fun and enjoyable and there are many, many good qualities to this game but why am I giving it a negative review? No, this has nothing to do with the OPENIV situation but how repetitive the game feels for me. In this you are supposed to be as greedy as possible, trying to get as much money as possible! The satisfaction of buying a new vehicle  with your hard earned cash in game is a great feeling although getting money gets very reptitive.There are many ways to get money in this game such as Heists, Supply missions, Anniversary events and more. Yeah, you can see there are many ways to get money so how can you get bored?! Well, some missions do not pay you enough so you repeat the same missions that give you a lot of money over and over again to get more money and that is very, very boring. Many missions feel so plain and there's no real excitement to them, for instance supply missions. Supply missions are hell, sometimes you don't even need to pull-out your gun at all! So many of these missions are the same. Go to destination, maybe kill some dudes before you take the car and go back to another destination. Yeah, very exciting. Some people may find this fun and I'm not one to judge but I can't find doing pretty much the same missions every time fun.Heists, these missions... If you can't do them without your friends you might be out of luck, doing these solo are hell and the thing is most of these missions require up to 4 people. If you only have one friend with you to play with and you wan't to do a heist and you have 2 randoms, thats fine unless they ♥♥♥♥ you over and you lose the mission. This is esspecially frustrating when playing on harder missions where the team lives are 0.Anniversary Events, these are fun but it gets old VERY QUICK. Some Anniversary are actually fun to play over and over again but I've only found a couple actually fun to play over and over again. Most of these are low effort quick minigames like most of the missions.Shark Cards, why are these even in a $75 game? This game is way too reliant on these. These cards are also very overpriced. $100 for 8 Million VIRTUAL DOLLARS, remember these aren't real dollars these are VIRTUAL. This game is a serious grind-fest pretty much like a free-to-play game, remember this is a full priced game and Rockstar are low enough to seriously add MICROTRANSACTIONS TO A $75 GAME.... Ok....Rockstar have made very good games including this one but GTAV just isn't the best game for me. It's a great game to play with friends but after a while it gets boring. Rockstar have also banned people for getting money from modders, yes this is understable but if someone just dumps some money on you and you didn't ask for it, have fun getting an one month ban. I also bought this game at half price and I strongly believe that this game is not worth $75 USD.... Yes, there are many things to do in this game but to me this game is no where near worth $75 USD.tl;dr Great game but way too repitive for me and not rewarding enough for grinding."
,Not Recommended,271590,32774571,Posted: 25 June,all,Fuikopoi,"RIP OpenIV.TAKE TWO, U must to GO!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,34652014,Posted: 31 August,all,DrHadoken,Fix offline mode (stuck) Fix error synching cloud save!WTF rockstar billions of profit yet not fix with this♥♥♥♥♥♥Imma just play PUBG then bye!
76561198155402190,Not Recommended,271590,24278429,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,nagarku08,"ban ban ban always ban,when i can play this game?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32478829,Posted: 16 June,all,Sam Tech,"I buy GTA on pc mainly to play LSPDFR with custom cars using ELS but after Take-Two issued a cease and desist letter to the developers of a moding tool Open IV that is responsible for  adding custom cars, weapons, and player models can't be add in to the game. I wouldn't be supporting Take-Two or Rockstar until single player mods are restoredRockstar's statement: ""Take-Two's actions were not specifically targeting single player mods. Unfortunately OpenIV enables recent malicious mods that allow harassment of players and interfere with the GTA Online experience for everybody. We are working to figure out how we can continue to support the creative community without negatively impacting our players."""
,Not Recommended,271590,32614191,Posted: 21 June,all,Buza,smh...
,Not Recommended,271590,32463359,Posted: 15 June,all,Rin D. Pryde,Sad to see a nice developer being ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥by moronic publisher.
,Not Recommended,271590,32637714,Posted: 22 June,all,Lord Nibbler,its boring without mods
76561198039254866,Recommended,271590,16697075,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Irishlad147,GTA V » Overview & Impressions by Irishlad147https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZOtlhxwBJE
,Recommended,271590,15467210,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Rufi,"10/10 would pre-order again another game sometime in the future... Maybe.This game it's very well optimized, but it's a video memory ♥♥♥♥♥ if you want it on ULTRA 4K+60 HD.The protagonists represent the 3 types of GTA players: Franklin it's the new guy that's trying to understand how the game works and wishes to be on the top, Michael it's the veteran who it's waiting something interesting to happen while enjoying the good life and Trevor it's the guy who plays the game to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and kill everything that moves.The main story it's always entertaining, there's no boring part and it tells you the basics right away. There's always something different and fun to do and they are fully replayable. The only bad missions were the Epsilon Program ones because they're awful and expensive. But at least I got a good refund from them.The driving it's more stable than in GTA IV. The cars doesn't feel like you are driving on the rain but you will need a couple of hours to get used to it because they all feel like a GTA IV Truck at the beginning. The fighting and shooting system it's an improvement from IV but it's not the best of the best either. Sometimes when you try to zoom in with the mouse wheel it has a conflict with the weapon selection and you end up wasting seconds in trying to not ♥♥♥♥ing it up each time.The First Person Mode it's very good when you are in a fighting scene in a close scenario or when you are playing around without objectives, but it's not recommendable if you want to do something without mistakes.GTA Online it's very good. The Heists it's what makes the experience entertaining and profitable so you will not be lacking money if you do it right. The Free Mode it's the same game but with people that act like you in Story Mode (we are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing murderers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s all alike). So if you feel vulnerable I recommend you to go into Passive Mode or buy a Tank.The only bad thing I subjectively see in the game overall it's the Rockstar Editor. The editor itself it's an improvement of the GTA IV Video Editor, and that's good, but the Director Mode it's very basic and lacks too much potential.The Director Mode it's just a character selection where it puts you somewhere in the map and then you can ♥♥♥♥ around with that character and all the weapons of the game with unlimited ammo. It has options to change the location, weather, cops, cheats and gestures to finally do something 5% different of what you can do with the actual cheats of the game in the Story Mode and -95% different of what you can do in GTA Online. You have to be very creative and simple to actually do something with that mode. You can only select one character at the time and you can't put other custom characters around or make the NPCs around you do something specific. So don't expect doing a Michael vs Trevor video or a machinima with it."
,Recommended,271590,15640814,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ϟϟ Köffi ϟϟ,"Grand Theft Auto VOne of the best Grand Theft Auto-games what i had played in whole series!Story isn't boring and characters makes it more enjoyable. It just make you want more and more.Also you can have fun with your friends at multiplayer.ABOUT ONLINE PLAYING!Community is salty, toxic and hackers are everywhereso just have to get used to it..MoneyIt takes time but there is many ways to make real money; Hacked money isn't that!Heists are very good way to make good money and also you can have a good time with your friends!And in these days, there is more ways to make money than some years go.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=693379433TuningGood way to use own creativity- Also it's very expensive!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1128525386ModdersIn my own opinion, modding is acceptable if it doesn't affect others.- Good modders: They don't use mods/cheats against other players!- Bad modders: They use mods/cheats against other players!- Risky modders: Dropping money for other people.But modding is only acceptable at singleplayer!Use them with own responsibility!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=926531281Rockstar EditorThis is one way to edit clips and take awesome screenshots!- You have to take clip from in-game (minimum 3 seconds clips)- Only possible to use at Singleplayer; You can find it from menu!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=513666744Also there is many good things what to do and experience!"
76561198052340293,Not Recommended,271590,31175063,Posted: 16 April,all,=THB= MajOr Knochen,"loadingtime is a joke, i can listen to a whole song before i can play this game and sometimes wont load in at allstabillity is a joke, you constantly get thrown back either by loading failures of your own or by the teammates you play withModders have free reign over the gameworld right now making it a literal playground for little children to hack and cheat like they pleasegame support is nonexistenti want my 50 bucks back, dont buy it unless its for half prize or less"
,Not Recommended,271590,32641907,Posted: 22 June,all,Ratpack®©™¤✈,way to go and mess up the game by taking away the modding...this was a great game to play with friends but not anymore.
,Not Recommended,271590,32842158,Posted: 26 June,all,2tappedEZ,"Was a good game for my 250 hours. Until i got banend online for doing legit nothing, I have got spawned in money from other moder but i couldn't stop what they do."
,Not Recommended,271590,33498432,Posted: 13 July,all,Nocturne XIII,brain: i wonder how i can trigger mass amounts of peopleme: ik what to do...
76561198052691509,Not Recommended,271590,34407027,Posted: 21 August,all,goose909,"single player is good but you dont get the really good vehicles that are in online gameplay which is terrible, As for the online its a money grabbing scheme everything is waaay too expensive and no where near enough rewards for the activities ,they are pushing you to spend real cash.I will not spend a penny on shark cards as its a rip-off for small ammounts that go no where in game. 4 mill for 1 vehicle ect real shame as they have ruined online game with greed.Come on rockstar give us proper rewards for the activities or charge way less for vehicles."
,Not Recommended,271590,32540090,Posted: 18 June,all,liam,"the online was bad as it was, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ load times and massive amounts of grindingsending cease and desists to modders kills this game"
,Not Recommended,271590,32842266,Posted: 26 June,all,Kukasu,Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15721666,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Forbees,"Great game, but An Anti-Mod Grand Theft Auto game is just purely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,271590,15680312,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Viktrus,"Banned for using a mod, oh boy."
,Not Recommended,271590,15686506,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,UltimateBimbo,"The fact that this game has absolutely no mod support is very irritating. I thought that there would be a plethora of mods by now but rockstar appears to be purposefully making it so that there can be no mods for GTAV. It's a good game, but mods would make my review positive."
,Not Recommended,271590,15694429,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Super Shifty,R.I.P. Rockstar---------------------A moment of silence for our banned brethren
76561198006589807,Not Recommended,271590,15697032,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,xxcoonlordxx,"I love the single player think it's awesome, great story character devolopment and lots of stuff to do. Now online is a mess for me even this long after launch, disconnects from lobby (happens frequently when playing with a friend) EXTREMELY LONG loading times. Which is a pain since if you are doing jobs you encounter a loading screen constantly, also loading into a session takes forever. Also randomly kicks you from a session. (on your screen everyone leaves the session and leaves you the only player in it) for no reason. crashes still happens etc. In the current state it's in it's NOT worth your money, let rockstar fix these huge bugs before giving them your 60 euros which is alot of ♥♥♥♥ing money!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15697564,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,TouchMyNeck,Single player mostly works great (as it did 2 years ago). But multiplayer is in shambles
,Not Recommended,271590,15685713,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[SOF] Temptie,No modding..
,Not Recommended,271590,15706936,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,supreme pizza,♥♥♥♥ this gameallahu ackbar
,Not Recommended,271590,15694176,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,white dog,"Banning people ONLINE for OFFLINE mods? Pathetic. This is Grand Theft Auto, the whole reason your previous game lasted so long was due to mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,15694290,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,netchemica,"This game is awesome, it's a blast to play...However, I purchased this game for the third time.  I got it for 360 when it first came out, because it was a new game.  I got it for PS4 for better features and better graphics.  I got it for PC so that I can install mods and do things that I wasn't able on the PS4.I frequently play online with close friends and we mess around for fun.  Now, the sole reason for spending $60 on this game for the third time in a row is gone because Rockstar will ban me if I play with mods in single player.  Me playing with mods in SP affects noone other than myself, so why am I being punished and prevented from playing with my friends?edit:  And now Rockstar has completely removed the possibility of modding in single player.  That's just awful."
76561198106792920,Not Recommended,271590,15688888,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bangonel,no
,Not Recommended,271590,15695600,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,SierraWonTree,Love the game but not being able to mod. What are thinking Rockstar?
76561198068785924,Not Recommended,271590,15680125,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ghee Buttersnaps,Bans you for installing Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15724775,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,kazak77,Banning for mods in single player is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.
,Not Recommended,271590,32561260,Posted: 19 June,all,exile,don't give these rats your money
,Not Recommended,271590,32675500,Posted: 23 June,all,>:(,No modsNo positive reviewf*** you TakeTwo
,Not Recommended,271590,32523928,Posted: 17 June,all,kung fu kenny,"Grindfest with extremely priced vehicles and activities, you have to pay for shark cards or slave your life away to have fun."
,Not Recommended,271590,29438737,Posted: 23 January,all,Hammer,Their ban reasons are pathetic. I loved this game and I got banned for no reason!
,Not Recommended,271590,29440146,Posted: 23 January,all,Vidar,"Loading Simulator 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, every yearWant to play Online? I hope you like a loooot of loading timesSession failed? Well, here's another loading screenWant a stable connection without being dropped from a Job or a Heist every 30 minutes like a normal game? Well, you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck my friend! Also, another loading screen (or two)"
76561198078579647,Not Recommended,271590,33572401,Posted: 15 July,all,Jhemp12,"The single player campaign is great. The world is fun to explore, however, I cannot recommend this game because of GTA online. Rockstar has become the company they use to make fun of. They make fun of Activision for milking COD. They make fun of Ubisoft for milking Assassin's Creed. Then they turn around and milk GTA online. They abandonded single player and they refuse to create new DLC for single player because it's easier to make money by milking little kids out of their parents money with GTA online microtransactions. They have even pushed back GTA 6, because the release of GTA 6 would kill their profits from GTA online."
,Not Recommended,271590,15686085,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,",//TuNdRa","Grand Theft Auto V, on PC, is one of the best open world games to come out in recent years, the world feels deeper and more alive that just about any game I've recently played, even heavily modded Skyrim doesn't feel as alive as this world.The characters have depth and life, their own motivations, emotions, stories and issues, leading to a wonderful mix of personalities, Trevor is a psychotic madman, Michael a down and out conman feeling like he's retired too young with uncontrollable children, and Franklin is a man trying to simply escape the trappings of the life he was born into.The storyline is detailed, wonderfully varied and sends you across the whole of the map with various actions to partake in, it looks gorgeous on PC and can run on a wide range of machines without many issues, employing a whole host of advanced graphical effects to produce some breathtaking vistas.But there's always the problems, starting with; Mouse input. The game has issues relating to mouse input, and the three options give you a selection of either: Varying sensitivity with your framerate, latency on input, or possibly not working at all. This has made the game feel clunkier than it should in places, but not enough to kill my enjoyment of the singleplayer.The big thing everyone was looking forwards to, however, GTA: Online, is a mess. The game is actively grindy in an attempt to encourage players to buy Shark Cards to speed up financial progress, until recently; there was absolutely nothing done to kerb people using mods in Multiplayer, leading to other players having scripts that could literally remove every weapon from your inventory, and the usual assemblage of God Mode and Infinite Ammo users.As of the last update; Rockstar has taken measures to kerb this onslaught of people modifying the game online, with some frankly draconian measures, if you, say, run a Field of View mod for Singleplayer, which you are perfectly justified, as the in-car FOV feels very narrow and difficult to drive from in first-person: You will be banned if it is still active upon entering multiplayer. On some occasions; People have allegedly been banned for using the mod in singleplayer, closing the game, disabling it, then joining multiplayer with no mods, even people whom have just been forcibly given money by others running modded games (As weapons can be scripted to fire out money bags rather than bullets, it seems.) have been banned due to the sudden financial gains.As a single player experience; GTAV is one of the best games to come to PC in recent times, but I would let the dust settle from Rockstar's current mess of a support cycle on PC, as, currently, being banned from Rockstar Social Club will lock you out of single player as well.I will endeavour to update this review to keep it current with the state of the game as it either is taken out back and buried by Rockstar, or survives this onslaught from both players and developers.All in all, however, I'd prefer to put this down as a ""Maybe"", as the single-player is amazing, possibly one of the best single-player experiences I've ever run through, but the Multiplayer and the current issues with bans and online prevent me from recommending the game."
76561197981226276,Not Recommended,271590,15686617,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,fluks,"ERR-GFX-D3D-INIT crash 4 times in less than an hour.Banning people from online mode, for using mods in singleplayer.Planned PC-version since day 1.Horrible customer support.0/10 would not buy again, nor other products from Rock* in the future."
76561198044808550,Not Recommended,271590,15702425,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,bensh12340,Great game.It's a shame they banned mods...
76561198099396218,Not Recommended,271590,15706130,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Chief Harambe,"Rockstar has disappointed me. Let's have allow our previous GTA games to be modded but because we finally built something good, let's prevent other people from making it even better while we work on something else. And then Rockstar decides its worth the time wasted in banning accounts for modding instead of letting people be creative. Sorry Rockstar but this new EULA you put out is ignorant. I bought this game speciffically to see what could be done as far as modding and you guys ruined it. I understand modding not being allowed in a public lobby, but private lobbies with friends is completely different. If I wanted to play regular multiplayer, I would just play on my Xbox One. Currently a waste of money not allowing mods. I will not support you guys any further until you change this and allow mods once again."
,Not Recommended,271590,15681356,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DjTalica,Mods not supported? Sorry I bought this game on PC to actually get something different than console that id actually enjoy playing for longer.(Better graphics aren't going to keep this game alive rockstar)
,Not Recommended,271590,15684738,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Casper,"Was playing the first 4 days and it worked flawlessly... yesterday, turned it on, clicked Online... was loading for a while and then it is saying ""Grand Theft Auto: V has stopped working."" Am I banned??? I haven't been doing any money glitchign or such. Please help me soon. I have a brand new good and strong gaming pc. So that shouldn't be the case. Same goes for Story Mode... not just Online :/"
,Not Recommended,271590,15688899,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Beegs,"Great game, definitely the best version.  However, you will be banned from multiplayer for using any mods, even those used in singleplayer.  This is ludacris and if I could refund I would.  Can't play online now because of a simple FOV mod in singleplayer only."
76561198002972937,Not Recommended,271590,15697259,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Confederate Pepe,"It's a strange thing - everywhere you go you read that this game is great. And then you fork out for it - and for the first hour or so you agree... then at some point around the fifth hour, if you are like me, you find yourself wondering... is this all?There's no substance to it. It's just a series of mini games that get old very fast. Then is just lots of tedium, steeped in narcissistic American culture.....and there's no FOV slider so you are locked into a suffocating console field of view."
,Not Recommended,271590,15732330,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,EverCh0sen,90% of time in the game is Loading/fails to joins
76561198038509192,Not Recommended,271590,15679159,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ASH,where are the 'legal' MODS ??
,Not Recommended,271590,15694359,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Sound Boy Barial,Banned for modding single playerAlso the ~5min loading screens 5-6-7+ times / hour isn't acceptable
,Not Recommended,271590,15724417,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,MikeydCT,Bought this game just to see what fun and crazy mods people will make for it and Rock star killed it by banning anyone who uses a mod in online and single player. Rockstar youbroke my heart.
76561198124176309,Not Recommended,271590,15690194,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ArcK9,"This is a great game, when you cn play it. The servers are terrible. I am kicked out on a regular basis and unable to join friends 8/10 times. The worst part is it takes 5 mins of loading to get a no join result. Then you get kicked back to the story mode, where you get to load again back in to the online. For every 10 mins spent playing expect to load for 5. I cant play it until tis is fixed. Its getting worse. A great game, you cant play."
76561198130065323,Not Recommended,271590,15684914,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,{DCMT} Norsa,Can not even mod single player?0/10 Would rather play Burger King games.
,Not Recommended,271590,15697587,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Naked Naboo,"Banned for using single player mods, turned myself into a whale.11/11 would become whale again."
,Not Recommended,271590,15679487,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Qwrk13,"GTA Online completely broken for me and others, can't connect to friend's games.♥♥♥♥♥♥ additional DRM that was blatantly not needed and doesn't function correctly.Controls schemes are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor for helicopters and planes with M+K, have to change them all manually or switch to a controller for it to be even remotely playable.Rockstar is banning people for having mods in their singleplayer games.Rockstar is a terrible company with low regard for PC players, don't support them and don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,15695960,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ミーム,"Great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥developer. So far enjoyed my experiences with it, but those experiences have been cut short, since Rockstar is banning people for modding their OWN singleplayer games now, as if it's any of their bloody business how I play my own games, because it 'violates the terms of service'. Don't like the FOV in a game that you supposedly own? Well Rockstar intended the FOV to be terrible, so making the FOV not terrible obviously has to be against the TOS. Unbelievable."
,Not Recommended,271590,15685679,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,FlyingSalad,"Got banned with the ban streak going on, I don't even use mods or cheat!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15693830,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Smurf Daddy,Just got the game last weekend and the next day i go to play it i find out mods and people are getting banned like crazy WTF rockstar dont you know that most people bought the game for mods
76561198361117431,Not Recommended,271590,35236742,Posted: 26 September,all,Joseph Stalin,"I liked GTA but now its been pay to win, i spent 600+ hours grinding and i got sick of it, all the expensive items and♥♥♥♥♥♥ some of us has a job, has a family, we dont have time for this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198015765727,Not Recommended,271590,34976779,Posted: 15 September,all,✪ DjOder59,"GTA, the game where you spend more time in the loading screen than actually playing."
76561198135114804,Not Recommended,271590,35122091,Posted: 22 September,all,mrgstrings,"Rockstar keeps stealing money from legit players who never cheated or modded in GTA Online, the support is just horrible like blaming it is always the player's fault. They make everything more and more expensive with every update so (new) players are forced to buy shark cards to be able to play this game properly."
76561198160166845,Not Recommended,271590,34955343,Posted: 14 September,all,daleraymc,"THE ONLINE PART OF THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE. I HAVE HAD TO CONTACT ROCKSTAR SUPPORT 4 TIMES IN THE PAST 2 MONTHS. MODDER AFTER MODDER AFTER MODDER. FRAMERATE DROPS TO 20 WHEN MODDERS SPAWN OBJECTS AND IT TAKES A TOLL ON YOUR GPU/CPU.IF ROCKSTAR WEREN'T SO GREEDY AND DIDN'T MAKE IT UNBELIEVABLY DIFFICULT TO MAKE MONEY IN THE GAME, YOU WOULDN'T HAVE PEOPLE BOWING DOWN TO THE MODDERS FOR IN-GAME MONEY.MODDERS ALSO HAVE THE ABILITY TO CHANGE THEIR NAME, MASKING THEIR USERNAME AS SOMEONE ELSE IN THE ROOM SO REPORTING IS ABSOLUTELY USELESS.♥♥♥♥ YOU, ROCKSTAR. FOR 3 YEARS OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. ♥♥♥♥ YOU AGAIN."
76561198129483771,Not Recommended,271590,35398989,Posted: 1 October,all,little wolf,one word...... Rockstar
76561198008122365,Not Recommended,271590,35110400,Posted: 21 September,all,☩ Angello ☩,"Full of modders and hackers,cant eaven enjoy the game anymore because someone kills you from 3 km and takes all your money and weapons for what you worked hard weeks"
,Not Recommended,271590,31402160,Posted: 27 April,all,deli,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I got banned because of a hacker giving me money, thanks for the few years before pc, but dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ its bad."
76561198289308638,Not Recommended,271590,33357182,Posted: 7 July,all,KraykenTheSlasher,"GTA V, man its been some years since I remember playing GTA Vice City. Then San Andreas, still the greatest GTA in the series in my opinon. GTA IV then comes along and man I loved it as much as I did San Andreas. SinglePlayer was really fun, but the multiplayer is where I had the most fun. GTA IV then came out with its expansion packs with new stories and new gameplay mechanics, and of course memoriable multiplayer.But Im not here to talk about GTA IV or San Andreas.Im here to talk about GTA V and its huge ♥♥♥♥ing problem. Let me begin.GTA V SinglePlayerThe Singleplayer experience was, in my opinion, a little bit of a blur. Im not going into the story, but I finished it sooner than I thought I would, compared to GTA SA or IV. Rockstar apparently promised expansions to the singleplayer story. Well GTA V Online happened. And that ultimately is the biggest problem here. Let me go into further detail.GTA V Online The problem.Now I enjoy online, to some extent. I enjoy simply playing with friends and crew members. Sometimes I play with randoms in Pubs and shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of scrubs. The social aspect is a diminishing reason why I would still play this. This doesn't mean that online is still a huge ♥♥♥♥ing problemThe grind is ♥♥♥♥ing absurd. To get stuff you want will take hours and will make up more than half of the hours you put in this game. To make things worse the grind getHARDERevery patch.GTA is mean't to be a game about criminals right? Right? Well it certainly doesn't feel like it. It's starting to feel like a military game since all this mounting cars with guns♥♥♥♥♥♥dropped.Shark cards are the biggest flaw in GTA V Online. Rant incoming, skip for TL;DR:This ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥is RIDICLOUS! Honestly, WTF are mircotransactions doing in games, full fledged games, LET ALONE GTA! This ♥♥♥♥ing feels like a mobile game! LIKE A FREE TO PLAY GAME! THIS IS ROCKSTAR?TL;DR: Online feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ free to play game.They've set their focus only on GTA V:O, they are milking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game for everything they can get. With all the money they are getting with shark cards they should be able to make more singleplayer content right? Nope. They are KILLING GTA because of these practicesFinal ThoughtsThis game was fun, in the beginning, and I would've given a 8/10. However right now and the direction its going in, plus all these stupid decisions happening/ are going to happen in the future I give this:4/10I ask of you reader, to NOT buy shark cards. Don't change your reviews to positives even after the whole modding controversy. There are many other problems present that NEED to be addressed."
76561198149195065,Not Recommended,271590,33594455,Posted: 16 July,all,Zeno,"Only worth buying (maybe, look at the price) for Story Mode or to have fun with friends in private sessions.GTA:Online is pretty crap, the DLC is always the same except the worthless, dull vehicles that cost millions. They keep making ""new"" sorts of missions that you can only do in public sessions, forcing you to play with people that will kill you for no reason.Game is overpriced, Shark Cards are overpriced, and in-game stuff is overpriced.Should you buy? No."
,Not Recommended,271590,32543721,Posted: 18 June,all,Blackened Gem,"Great game, terrible publisher"
,Not Recommended,271590,33363741,Posted: 7 July,all,King of Ping,"The singleplayer is good, the online is fun with friends, but the content for online is behind a grinding wall of doing the same things for a week until you can afford it, or you could just spend REAL money for in-game currency."
,Not Recommended,271590,32653763,Posted: 22 June,all,xanax,Rockstar just killed the small community they had left
,Not Recommended,271590,34893203,Posted: 11 September,all,Griffin Seasnake,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ every loading screen is 5 minutes long.Every lobby has a hacker.(ROCKSTAR WILL NEVER FIX).They took their money from their 555 million doller success aka shark cards and dipped.Literally they just make dlc for more money they give no ♥♥♥♥♥ about the cummunity at all.The game gets very boring and you end up farming the same job or gamemode over again and over again.Uh everything is overpriced, one hat can be upwards of TEN THOUSAND DOLLERS, and the community is dead.Literally if you dry to find a race or anything you must make your own lobby and wait thirty minutes for a full lobby.Gamemodes that arent made by rockstar give you NO MONEY AT ALL and medium rp.Rockstar created gamemodes give you alot of money and little higher than medium rp.If a modder spawns money on you leave immediatly or you'll get banned.If a modder turns you into anything other than the character that you are playing LEAVE IMMEDIATLY.Or you will get banned for hacking, example being a lamppost or flowerpot. peace this game is trash."
,Not Recommended,271590,34884556,Posted: 11 September,all,nik,very good game not
,Not Recommended,271590,34890256,Posted: 11 September,all,ColouredGaming,I won't the game recommend the game because when ur online and ur money get taken away and i can't deal with the lag and there's no way i can't fix the lag i tried everything but if u have a PC that runs like a monster then play it but to me right now i'm not playing it if the lag is causing an issue
,Not Recommended,271590,34892965,Posted: 11 September,all,Hades sama,"It was funny, but now there are so many annoying hacks and invincible vehicles that cost a fortune that is not worth the online."
,Not Recommended,271590,34647055,Posted: 31 August,all,RaiderOfTheNite,The pay-to-win bull**** in this game is worse than most mobile games
,Not Recommended,271590,35054204,Posted: 18 September,all,ArticKobra,"I would not reccomend this game, The pc version is broken and there is so many hackers and modders. And more than likely you will get banned in 2 weeks and you cant refund. I bought this game 2 times cause i got banned both permanetly ""BOI""..i would just buy it on consle :)if your reading this  dont buy it on pc its a waste."
76561197992907542,Not Recommended,271590,33939300,Posted: 31 July,all,Dirt,Online is unplayable due to hackers.
76561198179999593,Not Recommended,271590,34913198,Posted: 12 September,all,Roaming under the Hell,"Recently, there are numerous hacker appeared in GTA5, they heavily reduce the attractiveness of the game. They use hack and do everything they want to do, and their account will not be banned. This game was an epic game, wonderful game,but the past has already gone. Seriouly, I wanna my money back right NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW ! ! !"
76561198137636305,Not Recommended,271590,29942004,Posted: 15 February,all,Tenisescu,Not reccomended. I got banned for nothing. After this I wrote to Rockstar without having any success
,Not Recommended,271590,30011749,Posted: 18 February,all,iRenzo,"They've poisoned our water supply, burned our crops and delivered a plague unto our houses!No, but seriously. If you're only here for the story mode, then you'll have quite the blast. That's only if you pick it up on a sale. I don't recommend the GTA: Online portion because Rockstar's  ""anti-cheat"" system is as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as Overwatch and Counter-Strike could ever be. Banning innocent players, very strict ruling as well. They're pretty much having us run at a full sprint with our pants down to our ankles."
,Not Recommended,271590,15726964,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Terwynd,"If you've been living under a rock and haven't purchased GTA V for PC yet, you're one lucky son of a ♥♥♥♥♥.As much as I love the game to death, I cannot recommend it because theonly reasonI purchased this game a second time was so that I could mod the game. Now that people are getting banned from Online for usingSINGLE-PLAYER MODS,I'm too terrified to attempt it.I would basically need to pirate a separate version of the game, waste another 60 GB of hard drive space, and risk injecting all sorts of malware into my rig in order to enjoy the modding scene I've loved since early GTA 4 without Rockstar's cash-layered boot up my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198021760995,Not Recommended,271590,33290990,Posted: 5 July,all,ThePrimordial,Too many issues with online to list.RIP OpenIV.Ban Modding and I ban your income.
,Recommended,271590,15410715,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,LuckyBullshitter,"People say the online part of the game is boring considering the story mode. Let me say you this, after completing the prologue, i thought i wanted to check the online mode a bit and maybe create a charater just for fun. Now i can't leave online mode! It's great. Even the ""worse"" part of the game is incredibly fun and addictive. Man, this is going to be a long ride...Regarding to the performance;I know that the game kind of buggy on some systems but i have faith in Rockstar that they will fix it eventually (maybe not in a fast way, though).It's running on my system beautifully. Even i don't have a high-end rig and playing with ""ok"" graphic settings, it's a nice game to look at.I can probably continue this for pages so i'm just gonna leave it like this...You get the idea anyways..."
76561198348672605,Not Recommended,271590,32801066,Posted: 25 June,all,Wladimir Iljitsch Lenin,Stop doing this Rockstar!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,29290050,Posted: 15 January,all,Voltik,"I loved to play this game, but next thing I know, after putting in over 90+ hours of my time into it, I get banned for being in the same server as a modder. Like seriously wtf. Not to mention that when you file a support ticket you have the ability to apply for a support ticket for ban appealments but they have a no re-appeal gurantee. If you won't unban me then why even have the option??? Fix your game, don't ban the innocnet and STOP WITH THE ♥♥♥♥ING INFLATION. BUYERS BE WARE"
,Not Recommended,271590,16468020,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Qoohirtlamdo,Sharkcards
76561198151403956,Not Recommended,271590,16624460,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,kajres,"Game is good, but Valve isn't fair when they have changed price from 60$ to 75$ just before summer sale."
,Not Recommended,271590,16311389,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,justin,Rockstar.. ♥♥♥♥ YOU! What the ♥♥♥♥ is the point of the sale if you're gonna jack up the price to make the sale meaningless. This type of business is something to expect from Activision or EA but not from you. I love this game but doing this♥♥♥♥♥♥is really hurting your credit.
,Not Recommended,271590,32460906,Posted: 15 June,all,zuppaclub,no support for single player user (no single player DLC)AND no support mod communityfull support of microtransactionperfect! .......not.I will blacklist take two and rockstar. except if you fired CEO of take two and rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,32800979,Posted: 25 June,all,AG Dexter,The shutdown of modding is just unfair. ♥♥♥♥ YOU T2♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198068662370,Not Recommended,271590,17010961,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TheTravMan,"Would not reccomend due to performance issues. The last couple updates broke the game for many users. I have two 980ti's in SLI, and I constantly get microstuttering, fps drops, etc etc No matter what video settings I've tried.Out of curiousity, after purchasing this game on steam, I downloaded a pirated version with an older build. Game ran flawlessly on the pirated version.... Needless to say, I do hope they fix this soon, then i can change this review to a positive review.I loved this game on consoles, and would love to play it more on my PC."
76561198120375613,Not Recommended,271590,32625017,Posted: 21 June,all,turtleman,"Mod no longer in the game, game will never be the same."
,Not Recommended,271590,32610809,Posted: 20 June,all,Csonytii and the Felcsút express,No mod no lyf
,Not Recommended,271590,26042720,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ppleater,Boycott Take2. Destroyed the modding scene.
,Recommended,271590,15359535,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ᐰtton_Risk,"I’ve just started playing this game and I am rather impressed so far, this game eats ram and I would suggest closing as much as you can before playing. The missions so far are detailed and the environment is beautiful, it really everything you could want from a game that wears the label of GTA. It is the second GTA San Andreas, which is a game I love and one that has inspired my interest in technology & computing. Rockstar did a better job with the GTA 5 pc port than GTA IV. Rockstar learned their lesson well and produced something beautiful, I hope one day I can create something like GTA 5, something different but equally if not more beautiful. In summary this game is good and it would be a unlikely that rockstar would be able to push the wall any further even assuming computer power grows. Some elements could be added to the game but I feel that the choices made on the game where the right ones. I am not one to give 10 ratings but in the case of GTA 5 there are few improvements that could possibly be made to this game.10/10"
76561198159053995,Not Recommended,271590,26427381,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,文轩,Banned for 1 month without cheating.very disappointed.
,Not Recommended,271590,32611635,Posted: 21 June,all,Antonio kontos,its no longer fun
,Recommended,271590,20415686,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dark_Knight<Arpit>,"Bought this game twice on PC, first the retail version and then the steam version using same social club account, because I wanted it in my steam game collection. Sure it is one of the best game I've played after so many years. And yes don't look at my steam hours, I've played it far more as I started playing it with PC retail version and then bought it on Steam so I'm like 200hrs or more hours behind my Social Club stats hours.It was delayed many times but once it was released it came out with best optimization with which I was easily able to run it with 30-40fps with mid-high settings on my crappy graphics card (which i never expected).I started playing this game during May back at the time of release of PC version ,though I actually wanted to play its single player and was totally concerned about it and didn't thought much about online but as I played my first few hours in GTA Online , I was more addicted to online than single player and soon got bored with single player after completing the story.Here are its pros and cons of this game-Pros+Really well optimized, I'm able to play this game on my crappy video card with a fps of 30-35 on mid-high settings(don't ask my graphics card name :P)+GTA Online is what which makes game more immersive and fun to play.+A good attention to detail+First Person Mode is well made and it really adds realism to the game.+Rockstar often releases a lot of free updates for gta online so its always something new when you get bored of old things.Cons-Loading takes too much time, especially when going into GTA Online and the worst thing is that if we join a job or heist where players are full and we leave that lobby then it again starts loading and there are many more cases where it just loads too much.-As any online multiplayer game there are hackers here too and can really spoil the experience.-Single Player gets boring after we complete the story as there are not many side missions and after we complete them there is not much to do, I would prefer here that I really enjoyed GTA San Andreas and if we will have to compare both gta san andreas and gta 5 in single player excluding graphics then I will go for San Andreas as single player in GTA 5 is boring. Its GTA Online whats makes GTA 5 one of the best game I've played so much after so many years.As a conclusion I would absolutely recommend GTA V to every gamer and non-gamer as its a really fun and memorable experience playing this game. Would rate it 11/10 xD"
,Not Recommended,271590,33203843,Posted: 3 July,all,Shubamz,The recent changes to this game to pervent modding is just awful.  I paid for this game and if I want to play it my way I should be able to. Im in Single Player mode so I am not affecting anyone else's gameplay
,Not Recommended,271590,32623319,Posted: 21 June,all,Toastender,they dun goofed
,Recommended,271590,31209626,Posted: 17 April,all,DarWat,Franklin please ♥♥♥♥ my wife you big sexy black beast
76561198145719147,Not Recommended,271590,32643704,Posted: 22 June,all,Felix,No OpenIV and i got banned for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. Nice...
,Not Recommended,271590,16311632,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kite,So you have a sale for the game + bundles but not the game itself?lol
76561198276285734,Not Recommended,271590,32698326,Posted: 23 June,all,DanSimmo,no messed up my lspdfr
,Not Recommended,271590,29109414,Posted: 7 January,all,[HDN]White Heart,Suspended for 30 days and progress reset after 866 hours on GTA Online FOR F*CKING PLAYING THE GOD D*MN GAME NORMALLY??!! NO HACKS NO MODDING NOTHING!! I F*CKING HATE CHEATERS AND I REPORT/BLOCK EVERY F*CKING LAST ONE I MEET!!! I POURED MY HEART INTO THIS GAME AND THIS IS THE THANKS I GET!  F*CK YOU ROCKSTAR!!SO MANY WEEKENDS & HEADACHES & RAGE QUITS ALL TO HAVE MY PROGRESS BURNED RIGHT IN FRONT OF MY FACE! I GIVE THIS A -100/10  FOR THIS BULL$HIT
76561198062383149,Not Recommended,271590,30064331,Posted: 20 February,all,♛Rabbit♛,The Suppor tIn Gta V IS BAD They Are Just Sending AutoMails And They Are Banning Innocent People Cuz They Say Their Banning System Is Accurate But It's Not They Are Banning Who The♥♥♥♥♥They Want To But I Really Love This Game But The Support Is Bad Don't Buy This Game You Will Probably Get Perma Banned Like Me
,Not Recommended,271590,33276277,Posted: 5 July,all,Wavie-Davie,Trying to stop modding? What the hell... Why would they do that? I'm writing negative review purely for that reason.
76561198145497996,Not Recommended,271590,33648795,Posted: 19 July,all,MAGGOT,moneyhungry
,Not Recommended,271590,29787991,Posted: 8 February,all,CyanStar,Garbage banning system got banned for modding in offline but they say mods are ok i emailed em myself
76561198028319169,Not Recommended,271590,32634450,Posted: 21 June,all,clpfox,im just hear to dislike lol
76561198126447483,Recommended,271590,26995216,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raven,"One of the best games out there....for now.-No dlc bs-Good pvp-Lots of fun everywhereBut ! .....well you know , cheaters will kill this game.Oh and i wish they could give some love to the survival mode."
,Recommended,271590,34536403,Posted: 27 August,all,Scooob,"I came from a position where I NEVER played a Grand Theft Auto game before. I had niether high nor low hopes, and entered the game completely neutral. And I thoroughly enjoyed it.GAMEPLAY:You can really tell that the developers spent a great deal of time designing and perfecting how the game feels, and it a quinticential 3rd person game. It handles movement and viewing tremendously. Never does it feel awkward or annoying. 100/100GRAPHICS:Stunning, to say the least. Even with a PC that boasts a budget GPU like mine, it ran well over 80 FPS even on the highest settings. The graphics makes Los Santos pop, and it really feels like a living, breathing creature of a game. Graphical glitches were not noticable, if there even was any. 100/100. Incredibly well optimized.SOUNDTRACK: Each musical queue felt fitting and energizing, and the inclusion of a radio in cars makes the world feel that much more real. 100/100.STORY (spoiler free):This is where the game comes across a lot of criticism and controversy. YES. I KNOW. THERE ARE CHARACTERS THAT DO BAD THINGS AND SAY BAD THINGS AND SUPPORT THE SAYING AND DOING OF BAD THINGS. WELCOME TO REALITY. PEOPLE CAN BE MEAN. WOOPTY-F*CKING-DOO. But the game really has a funny and fun story, with characters that, while they aren't morally sound, are fun and interesting nonetheless. Trevor Phillips' character is a great example. He's a completely sadistic b*stard, and his voice acting, modeling, and missions fit his character to a tee, and he has since become one of my favorite characters in gaming. The story is fun, interesting, with twists and turns and is of decent length. It has some annoying, repeatative, and bad missions, no doubt, but thats the only failing feature of the story. 90/100.PRICE: I hate the price of this game. It is amazing, but it is NOT worth $60. I got it on sale when it was $35, and I would encourage anyone who wants the game to wait until it is on sale before purchasing it. 70/100.OVERALL: 83.75/100. When on sale, that bumps up to 95/100. Just get in on sale, and enjoy."
,Not Recommended,271590,32652483,Posted: 22 June,all,PVC Pipe Smoka,"I have put a lot of time into this game and in the process my fondness for it has dwindled but no game becomes easier to put down then when its company stunts consumers and steals content that was originally supported. The banning of mods not only hurts buyers but publishers, it is clear Rockstar fully intended to ride out this game as long as possible and keep creating content for it prolonging the release of the next game, however that becomes increasingly more difficult when they begin cutting out features in order to up shark card sales. You know what’s worse than paid mods banned mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,23267928,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,fizrr,"♥♥♥♥ this game, always get banned even you not cheating"
76561198224236196,Not Recommended,271590,23434863,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Skyfrost,"suddenly get banned for 10 day when i bought the new DLC car and playing some VIP job,,good job Rstar"
,Not Recommended,271590,26321212,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Strct|Smiggly,i got banned for noting banned for 1 month and yah was just playing whit somme friends my name on gta online is Demon_Gamer12 unban me pleas pleaspleas pleas
,Not Recommended,271590,32798003,Posted: 25 June,all,The Real Sauce,downboat
,Recommended,271590,32846349,Posted: 27 June,all,Pr0v3n,"While I don't agree with the mod shutdown, and that was stupid on their part; they have suffered, learned, and recalled what they have done.We nailed them enough and hopefully they have learned their lesson.If we continue to bombard them with poor reviews after they have taken action to go back on what they did; what are we teaching them? That they can't ever come back from a bad mistake and our gaming community are irretrevable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s?You f*ck up once and you're done?GTAV/O is a great game, for just about anyone. Yes it is expensive to have all the nice toys in the game or a hellbent grind; it is still a good and fun game, and only gets better the more friends you add to your experience.TT screwed up, they've heard us, we destroyed the reps of their games, they undid what they did due to all the backlash; the backlash has to stop; be the bigger person in this argument guys. You wouldn't keep abusing someone in an argument after they apologise and admit they were wrong; so why do it here?"
76561197996067505,Not Recommended,271590,30095258,Posted: 22 February,all,♕Dean Da God,"Do not buy this game for online play whatsoever. Bought it two days ago after a long time of hesitating and enjoyed it enough to recommend it to my girlfriend and encourage a friend to take advantage of the latest sale. Keep in mind that I immediately went into online play. Issue is that there are players called modders that essentially cheat. They can control your character, teleport you, spawn items, are invincible and can even summon meteors to kill large amounts of players all at once. They can get even get you banned by dropping money on you when you're afked. I just got the game two days ago and now cannot play it for thirty days. As for my girlfriend and friend? Refund.Do not buy this game for online play whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,271590,34116064,Posted: 8 August,all,skiller185,banned for receiving money from hackers
,Not Recommended,271590,32966643,Posted: 28 June,all,♦Sparkko♦,You know what you did.
,Recommended,271590,18418527,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,HevS,"Great game. A really great game. Goes back to what i loved from Vice City and San Andreas. You could almost say that it's the perfect GTA. Interesting story (with three interesting characters), cool missions, and a fun online play. Most of the negative reviews is about that ""summer sale price"", or limiting mods, but honestly, those doesn't take away anything from this fantastic game! Also, the online hackers are gone, so there's no reason at all to not to buy this game. Do yourself a favor and do it now!"
,Recommended,271590,30296501,Posted: 3 March,all,Celreo,"I glad hackers are finally getting banned and it's hilarious when they say they got banned for no reason then they say I DON’T HACK and down rate a perfectly good game with a flawless anti-cheat system.So many people crying for no reason it's pathetic! If my friend got banned for hacking and he claimed he didn't hack cos you know hackers always lie. I would save his IP and send it to companies and show he is a hacker so he can't play on psn and stuff, like why do people try to help a hacker get unbanned they can't be a good friend if they a hacker.10/100 full marks, great game recommend to anyone who isn't a hacker!!"
76561198135728568,Not Recommended,271590,32680402,Posted: 23 June,all,skarbonkius,rip
,Not Recommended,271590,31978896,Posted: 26 May,all,Papa Emeritus,ROCKSTAR Y U NO ANTICHEAT? ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
,Not Recommended,271590,25062586,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Nec,Well I guess another hit to the innocent gamers. SMH... @ R* and Take-Two.Update: Not removing my thumbs down. Let it be a lesson that the gamers are in control with their wallets and without us these companies are worth nothing.
,Not Recommended,271590,32642852,Posted: 22 June,all,Guts-celerium.co,no slav modding anymore
76561197967245932,Not Recommended,271590,32822890,Posted: 26 June,all,Raxxa,no modding:(
,Not Recommended,271590,32952401,Posted: 28 June,all,Not a Fish,"I should be able to mod a game I payed for, especially when the original developers aren't even updating singleplayer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32839456,Posted: 26 June,all,FuckGFW,Don't recommend the game for disabling MODs.
,Not Recommended,271590,22634498,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Collieflower,"GTA Online is real terrible and badly designed. They could have done so much, but they did so little. And for what they did, they made a lot of real dumb balancing decisions. It's unplayable and boring. Everyone just rushes the armored Kurama car and rolls with it extensivelly.Yes, good idea. A game entirely about shooting things, put into it a fast and manuverable car that's immune to bullets but allows the people inside to shoot outside, paradoxically. Without fear of retaliation. You dumb dumbs. Transforms any PvE elements into a yawn fest and PvP into Rocket Launchers All the Time."
,Not Recommended,271590,22717192,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,weed4speed,"So i`am not that kind of guy that write, reviews. But the reason, why i dont like this game is,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hackers in all lobby and all missions. rockstar please release good anticheat system.Thanks for support"
76561197960952767,Not Recommended,271590,33664676,Posted: 19 July,all,{DP} Tvipers2,"This game used to be great, it was the first GTA to have a great multiplayer that everyone can go nuts with their friends among others doing the same.Lets face it, this game is plagued with hackers as well as people who have too much time on their hands to harass other players.After a while you decide to play online in a private session with friends, because if you are caught IN THE SAME SESSION with a HACKER, you risk loosing your character that you have spent years (potentially) on.But it is fun playing with friends.... So you carry on.Rockstar comes out with some new content. You cant participate in it because you dont want to join a public session... Your buddies account of 4 years just got wiped for him playing in a public session... New missions can only be carried out in online public sessions. Is it worth risking loosing everything?This game has taken a sad downturn, the new updates are hopelessly overpriced, and the threat of being effected by a hacker is not worth the punishment. Updates are not on items that people are asking for *cough* more heists *cough* but more random crap that not even the $100 shark cards can cover for in game content. Back to grinding the same thing over and over again.... Have fun!"
76561198044660514,Not Recommended,271590,19026162,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Geoffrey St. John,"Just no. ""Something's Wrong in San Andreas...""- Crap story (In my opinion).  I don't even know what to say, it's just really bad. Mostly boring characters with very poor development, anything involving Trevor, The FIB or Merryweather Security comes off like GTA fanfiction. BAD FANFIC.  THANK GOD Ken Penders wasn't involved.- Horrible Radio music. Worthless, idiot DJ's and boring ad's. Self radio lets you play your own music though (without the garbage), but only MP3's. No FLAC or OGG support.- Everyone shoots with aimbot accuracy, from the military to drunken gangsters holding their guns sideways. it's not unfair, since you shoot with aimbot accuracy, but it's a LOT more annoying then GTA IV. It's insanely annoying when you are in a car chase and 75% of the bullets being fired at you are hitting you. At least the REGENERATING HEALTH is a big help.- Super clunky movement. It's somehow more awkward feeling then GTA IV. At least it looks REALLY good though.- There are only 5 stars in the wanted system now, despite the military being in the game.- Wonky, weird driving. It's like every car comes from a different game. It's not bad, but far less ""drifty"" then GTA IV. You might like that, certainly. But all of the cars still top out at 90-140 MPH. WTF? It's not even that logical either, most normal cars top out at 100-ish, but some sports cars go less then that. While a box van (Rumpo) and Pickup (Rebel) top out at about 110. Also super cars apparently max out at 140MPH(ish), even with $150,000 in upgrades.- It's an absolute crapshoot if the game will run decently. Most of my perfomance problems went away after I started running the game at a HIGHER resolution. What in the actual f*ck?- Cheaters still run Rampant online. (This is good if you like people shooting money at you or exploding you a lot)- Terrible online Servers (Have ""fun"" failing to connect to matches and then being dumped in a random server)- Terrible, TERRIBLE DRM, (No signing in without an internet connection, it f*cks up for no apparent reason and forces you to change your password 3 times in a row, the last steam update broke the launcher LMAO)- Insanely overinflated prices for things in GTA Online ($25,000 for a Owl mask?)- They also reduced the amount of money you get in Contact missions as well. Yay?- Wait, there are microtransactions? For money in multiplayer? When I have to go out of my way to avoid cheaters ""gifting"" me millions of dollors? Hahahaha!  That's pathetic!- GTA Online kinda sucks overall, it's way less fun then GTA IV's MP. And the free roam is abyssmal. No choice of PVP or PVE lobbies, it just throws you in with random people (without turning on the ""Passive mode"" either!) and hopes you will create fun on you own, forgetting that most people online are so stupid they try to teamkill you IN GAMES WHERE FRIENDLY FIRE IS DISABLED. Just expect people to shoot at you on sight.In short, the game is ok, but there are an enormous amount of deal breakers, and many stupid design choises. I shouldn't need to mention the drama that rockstar keeps causing, you can see the other rewiews."
,Not Recommended,271590,29477843,Posted: 24 January,all,Chedda,"Read this before buying peeps:If you live in Australia, south and east asia then chances are you'll be placed in asian servers which are full of hackers. I can't count the number of times I met them, spawning money bags and DLC cars like the Rocket Voltic around every other player in session. Either way I received a suspension email from Rockstar for 30 days and what follows next is a perma-ban.Here's a tip to you good people out there who saved up for this game: don't buy it. It's not worth it if rockstar bans you without reason.I'm not a whiny hack-boy. I didn't mod the game, I enjoy doing things the right way simply because cheating spoils the experience of the game. You don't have to think ""Here's another hacker complaining"". I'm not. Just google the issue and you'll see how notorious Rockstar is for false bans. Glad I got this for christmas and didn't pay full price for it. Not worth spending another penny on rockstar games.They don't tell you why you're banned nor are you allowed to appeal it. It's final and it's fair enough. Read their EULA before buying the game and note that they can ban you for no reason whatsoever and there's nothing you can do against it. They make their money so they don't care about customer support either (again, google how terrible Rockstar Customer Support is). Over time people are realising this nonsense. GTA was a lovely franchise, but thanks to Rockstars behaviour and future FULL of gta-like open-world alternative games (watchdogs1,2, Far cry 1,2,3,4, just cause 1,2,3 and so on and so forth) we won't need to return to a company like that again. Adios GTA. I won't bother returning after the ban is lifted either; simply not worth grinding over again just to loose it all for nothing."
,Recommended,271590,15483540,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Smexy,Loading times suck and my car dissapeared from a glitch :(Other than that it's fun!
,Not Recommended,271590,15722273,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Captain318,Bans for single player mods and my constant struggle with Rockstar Social Club not letting me play offline kills the fun factor for me. Regretting my purchase :(
,Not Recommended,271590,16933072,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,DEAD KARL,"GTA VYes, I know, I have given GTA V a bad review. But hear me out...Don't get me wrong I have enjoyed parts of this game, but I believe the Cons far outweigh the Pros of this game.Pros:(Let's start positive)Extremely enjoyable with friendsWide array of things to doHuge range of vehiclesExciting missions and heistsGood Creation systemCons:Loading Screens takeFOREVEREverything online is far too expensiveHeists cost tons to set up and pay out littlePolice in game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sCivilians in game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sPlayers are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s♥♥♥♥♥N♥♥♥♥♥♥wodsIf you don't like/not good at racing you are screwedRacesPs&Qs don't fully heal you :PHydra are O.PNPC phone callsCreator never worksBlocks on enjoyment last 30 mins - 1 hourJoining serversStepping outsideMaking money takesAGESPeopleRockstar don't give two $h1ts if the game is broken or not, they literally do not care what anyone thinks about the game, therefore there are many bugs and errors that are never fixedGame isFARtoo expensiveBasically the game is not worth the amount you pay. I will continue to update this review with any other things I think about."
,Recommended,271590,17967065,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,g4m3r,"GTA V is indeed the most beautiful, vast and detailed GTA title of the whole series, but for me its story is not just the best. I found the first half quite entertaining, discovering new characters and their relationships, trying the first fantastic heists (too few of them!) and exploring this amazing open world Rockstar so expertly created. But on the long run I think missions became quite boring, and secondary activities (so many of these) not so interesting, while the ending (one of three possible) left me quite indifferent. I often laughed to some scenes and I cared about the three main characters' fate in many occasions, but never found a particular bond with any of them. In this regard I just prefer GTA IV.On the other hand this is the first time I found a GTA multiplayer viable and entertaining, even with that horrible and unintuitive matchmaking system. In fact I suggest to create a party of friends or people you know well and play together, because playing with casuals can be, for the most part, quite frustrating, This becomes crucial when you need to coordinate in the complex and fantastic online Heists; like in the singleplayer portion of GTA V, it is really a shame we have only 5 of these! While online missions and activities are numerous and varied, I found Heists the real gem of this game's multiplayer.Technically it is very well optimized, gorgeous in some instances (sunset and sunrise), the game world so detailed and well built, the sound department characterized by amazing voices and a fantastic soundtrack. Nothing out of place.So, is this the best GTA ever created? As a whole package I definitely say yes, without a doubt! I think that Rockstar just needs to improve its storytelling, because for the rest, they are just the masters!"
76561197969116940,Not Recommended,271590,32592998,Posted: 20 June,all,Sorshanova,From getting mods finaly after years on a Fallout 4 and also starting in Skyrim and adding mods to that.  It litterally made my games feel 10x better. What Take 2 has dictated as you cant mod your game its end user as you cant modd your game. That you even if off line cant even have mods in this era of gaming is like a step back.  Simply 10yrs of OK then flip it is sad. Fix your online hackers before hatting on modders.  So sorry dont help them rack in them dumster turcks of money
76561198045435128,Recommended,271590,33629452,Posted: 18 July,all,Doctor Bones,"OPENIV is back, so if my possitive review."
,Recommended,271590,15353647,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Freelance Autist,">No Steam Trading CardsWORST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER, 0/10 GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER ROCKSTARA"
,Recommended,271590,18507742,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Gunslinger,"Only game ive ever bought across 3 different platforms because it is so good. With more content then most AAA games and constant free DLC updates(heists, cars, weapons, ect). Graphics are great, audio is great, story is great, multiplayer has tons to offer. Shoot your friends, run them over, go sky dive together, play a few rounds of golf then shoot them again. This game got me to switch from console to pc gaming. <3 Glorious!Play time only reflects PC and not the countless hours I dumped into the xbox 360 and xbox one version. I seriously cant find another game that has lasted me this long in play-ability with this level of entertainment."
76561198118889439,Not Recommended,271590,32858200,Posted: 27 June,all,deboytommy,Rip ModsRip GTA V reviews
,Not Recommended,271590,32593020,Posted: 20 June,all,IronHair,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
76561198014762096,Not Recommended,271590,32747293,Posted: 24 June,all,Brad100and8,rip mods
,Not Recommended,271590,33496393,Posted: 12 July,all,SebJedi,im being honest its a great game.... would be better with mods
,Not Recommended,271590,33009953,Posted: 29 June,all,chronospectrum,I like bandwagons.
76561197971103663,Not Recommended,271590,18732279,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Fernando,"Sorry for the rant, but thanks Rockstar Games for reminding me why I prefer Steam over competitive gaming platforms and usually hold out buying anything until it's available here- Social Club account mandatory for playing GTA V even in story mode (I was prepared for that)- wanted to change email address- email address change functionality disabled in Social Club account management (due to security reasons => sure)- customers asked to open support ticket to get this done- support ticket form mandates submitting a dxdiag and msinfo output just to get the email address changed => yeah rightWhat an utter joke, at least I funneled my hard earned bucks via Valve's Steam.Now that old email got a whole more valuable XD"
,Not Recommended,271590,30209683,Posted: 26 February,all,Spange,"This games story is good and actually pretty content filled overall singleplayer is very good but then we reach the terrible money grabbing grind of grand theft auto online. GTA online can be described in forr words, It is a grind. In order to have any amount of fun in online you either need to play for 10 hours doing nothing but thier boring unexciting jobs that pay way too little money for the hyper-inflated economy that every item and vehicle is based upon, so it ends up leaving you in a hard place, you either keep on grinding and waste your time or the two easy options and YES you guessed it one of the easy options is (SUPRISE) MICROTRANSACTIONS when you spend your real life money for fake money, and for the amount of money you pay you get SO LITTLE ingame cash, for example around 60 dollars for 8,000,000 in game so you can purchase and mod about 3 MAYBE 4 cars for the amount of money you already payed to play the game. Option number 2 is modding, when you don't want to give the jews of developers more money you choose to mod and end up getting banned (which is almost always permanent and if you linked your steam account you can kiss playing the game EVER again goodbye) keep in mind all because you want to have fun with your friends in online without sinking in 500+ hours into the game or 500+ dollars into shark cards. The devs are money grabbing jews and care nothing about the playerbase"
,Not Recommended,271590,33342803,Posted: 7 July,all,♥ Antte ♥,You steal our OpenIVWe steal your reputation.#RIPOpenIV #OpenIVRise
,Not Recommended,271590,33418826,Posted: 9 July,all,Whitstans,"On behalf of OpenIV modders, ♥♥♥♥ you Take 2"
,Not Recommended,271590,29427622,Posted: 22 January,all,Preslav,"GTA5 Online - you will eventually get permanently banned because of someone else's cheating/modding.Rockstar Support dont care about anything or anyone!My point is its a matter of time for you to get banned forever, after that you can enjoy your boring singleplayer game worth 59,99$."
76561198051024158,Not Recommended,271590,15681925,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,kiwi.brewer,"Rockstar is banning players for modding in single player, or having some interactions with modding players in multiplayer. Don't wan't to get banned? Don't play the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,15701134,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,denzileleN,This is the definition of Next-Gen. Banning the modding community lel
,Not Recommended,271590,15714187,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Chad,10/10 would never play again IGN f*cking banned online for using a SP trainer rly R*??????
76561198052819962,Not Recommended,271590,15714379,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,John,"If you want a game where you can mod and run around as Iron man or other crazy fun mods go play GTA4, as unlike this game they will ban you for using any mod's as they have build a very incompetent system regarding their online."
,Not Recommended,271590,15720668,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Purple_storm,"Great game but Rockstar F-ed over PC gamers HARD, they betrayed PC gamers by not only changing their user agreement to ban mods AFTER a hell of a lot of people already brought and played the game.This isn't just anti-consumer, it's anti-fanbase and they are shooting themselves in the foot."
,Not Recommended,271590,15725950,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Roediger,No mods for GTA? Are you kidding me? They are going to ban people for using mods now?!?!?!  Wake up rockstar! it's 2015!
,Not Recommended,271590,15704105,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ScaughtNull,"I really regret buying this game.  I'm one of the unlucky few that continuously experiences crashing and Rockstar customer support is laughable.  Wait to buy until it's patched, and by patched I mean patched by rockstar because they've started banning users with third party add-ons.This whole experience has been asinine.  Spent $60, got nothing but frustration."
76561198023687138,Not Recommended,271590,15727437,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Tikimonster 2.0 #Mobbeoffer,"The game is great and all, the graphics are great, the gameplay is great, but the one thing that ruins my gameplay, is the banning of mods."
76561198063318948,Not Recommended,271590,15727513,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Mr.Skeletal,So after waiting forever for the game to come out just so i could have it on pc to mod my singleplayer mode only you change your EULA. I'd like to ask is there a way to get my money back now?
76561198094270401,Not Recommended,271590,15720334,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Toubobou,"I pay 60 for this damn game and get banned for using mods to inhance my single player experience, rockstar how could you turn such an awesome game into such apeice of♥♥♥♥♥♥just becasue of your terrible practice. I know many people who buy GTA games mainly FOR the mods so by taking that away you are just making your own game worth less."
76561198046721148,Not Recommended,271590,15726376,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Chill Out!,Rockstar absolutely knew modding was a huge draw to gta 5.  We waited very patiently for the release. waiting till after the largest chunk of your sales are released to annouce your official stance on modding? that's flat out dirty and you've lost all my support.Modding is half the draw to PC. this is a huge ♥♥♥♥ up on your behalf and you clearly need to do more research into your market before you release a game.
,Not Recommended,271590,15726661,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,eu sou patati Skinhub.com,"I completed the entire story of the game on Xbox 360, I bought it on the computer, just to have fun and use mod's, axo a lack of respect of rockstar that, if it were only in multiplayer, all right, but who use the single player, there already is absurd, a lack of respect when I bought the game not had that parde of banishment in the contract.from today a rockstar lost a ""customer"", since uninstalled it from my machine, and I will download pirated, did not like, change the contract, as of today not buy more games this production, and support piracy the same, if continue with these policies VS consumer."
,Not Recommended,271590,15733178,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Cabo,I want my mods back! Pleas Rockstar!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,15682048,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TotalMetalGamer,Banning people for modding in SP? The apple has fallen very far from the tree Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,15720599,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Feros <|°﹏°|>,"No mods?No good review.Simple as that, Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,15720718,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Domino,"If you want it get it on console. Everything is the same, like ususal PC never gets ports that match it's hardware, and you won't run the risk of getting banned. Now I'm too afraid to get back on. Then again if I don't get back on I've still waisted $60. Thanks a lot Rockstar, won't buy from you again."
,Not Recommended,271590,15720794,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Bloodlaser,Don't buy this game if you here for mods. Rockster ♥♥♥♥ up big time.
,Not Recommended,271590,15721203,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Jackzun,People have bought this game because they wanted to mod and now that they are banning anyone who tries to mod it. It is not worth anymore.
76561198153045246,Not Recommended,271590,15726295,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"WARNING: BEFORE BUYING, KNOW YOU CAN USE *NO* MODS AT ALL EVER, OR YOU ARE BANNED FROM THE ENTIRE ONLINE.  Luckily I found THAT out before I purchased it.GOOD WAY TO BURN LEGITIMATE CUSTOMERS!THIS COMPANY SENDS GOONS TO FOLKS HOUSES THAT WRITE MODDING APPSSingle player game is the good part... it's gta, if you like that sort of thing, then buy it.The SP experience is rather well-done and runs okay, turn off V-sync if you get the laggies (you'll know what I mean).  It's a shame this game defaults to vsync on, why I don't know.  Some people may like it, but it causes problems if your system isn't a 3000$ system.  Use HALF or OFF for Vysnc.Multiplayer... oh where to start.  Huge city with 32 ppl max... yeah ok.Coming from Just Cause 2 multiplayer mod, this GTA has absolutely nothing to compare to it except AI in it.I am quite dissapointed by the cumbersome mess that is GTA Online, and won't be spending a penny more on this.Thank goodness the community is making a better front-end for the multiplayer - it's sorely needed.OOPS, ROCKSTAR SENDS GOONS AFTER YOU IF YOU MAKE MODDING TOOLS.That's the most messed up thing I've ever heard.No more rubbish from this company on my computer.  Now that they've issued a take-down notice to OPENIV modding application, I can safely delete this waste of space from my hard drive.  However, if you want to hand-feed the greedy devs who hate their customers having free fun with their product IN SINGLEPLAYER, then fine, instead of buying a house or car IN REAL LIFE, WASTE MONEY ON SHARK CARDS.  No, use the money for another Steam game that you can mod.Besides, Beamng.drive's physics are 100x better, seriously, this game has nothing on it other than some story (which was good), guns, and random AI traffic you don't have to self program.If you just like crashing about and making a wreck of things play Beamng.drive, as the physics in GTAV are laughable at best in comparison."
76561198208166432,Not Recommended,271590,15699214,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,poppa bear,"F*ck this version i went on the social club website to put in my rockstar code and then i downloaded it, signed in and then put in my cd key and it says already in use WTF ROCKSTAR! WHY DO WE NEED A CD KEY!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15722679,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,wololo,"WTF Rockstar? Seriously, no mods in SP? So what the ♥♥♥♥ should i do in SP when i tired of GTA Online? Just shooting in PEDs? Sooner or later I will get tired of it too and stop playing GTA V at all!! But if you allow mods at least in SP I will play GTA V every ♥♥♥♥ing day of my ♥♥♥♥ing life! But now give me my money back for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198047558054,Not Recommended,271590,15725168,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Krauzer,"mods are an important part of the game on the PC, with them the slightest game, with better graphics, with corrections that did not rockstar ... mods are responsible for making everything a rockstar do not know and correct all she did wrong. AND HAS A LOT OF WORK TO BE DONE. prohibit them is disrespectful to the whole community!"
76561197996766639,Not Recommended,271590,15732996,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,gypsygames,"Great game, bad rockstar.I bought GTAV on pc just to mod it, and my account gets banned.Bravo Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,15680653,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Le Tharja,"Love the game, however there is always online DRM, a anti modding viewpoint, and a multitude of technical errors when trying to play online. Wouldn't reccomend ATM, hopefully these issues will be fixed soon."
,Not Recommended,271590,15722814,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,cooldude4232,"I think this game is good, its just a great open world sandbox game. however I cant recomend this game anymore, rockstars shad practices of banned mods has gone too far. Yhink about gta IV, it was an ok game in my opinion, but what made it great and a staple of pc gaming was user created content, but now you just decide to shut that down? Your game could become so much more if you opened it up to mods in just singleplayer, I dont care about multiplayer, your going to just increase piracy rates because people are afraid of their 60$ investment going away. all around bad decision rockstar, i predict this will definitely reduce sales."
76561198041467646,Not Recommended,271590,15704723,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,impledob,"it was fun when i played it on 360, i got up to level 150 and now theres nothing really left for me to do in multiplayer, so maybe I'll mod story mode... o wait? whats that? Rockstar has a♥♥♥♥♥♥up their♥♥♥♥♥ welp this game is going to die off in about a year..."
,Not Recommended,271590,15705616,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,rocks,No modsNo recommendation
76561198044860731,Not Recommended,271590,15706391,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,n00bypl4y3r,Banning people for harmless FOV fixes. For shame.
,Not Recommended,271590,15707531,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Weed Smokage,1) Accidently finds glitch in game.2) Account flagged for cheating.3) Banned from Online.4) Customer Service sucks and I remain with a 20 year ban10/10 glitches ban ROCKSTAR SUCKS MAJOR D***
,Not Recommended,271590,15709944,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kongstantinople,GREAT GAME BUT NO MOD  SUPPORT
76561198031043766,Not Recommended,271590,15720869,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Majestros,No mods = crappy game
,Recommended,271590,16302387,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,[FCSN] Dubb,sooo many hacker (or modder)11/9 IGN
76561198066665003,Not Recommended,271590,35255604,Posted: 27 September,all,EAGLEWAX,Take a dump is better then GTAV .
,Not Recommended,271590,32597195,Posted: 20 June,all,Scott ★ Printers,"Lets take away harmless single-player modding, but lets keep harmful multiplayer cheaters!Great idea!"
76561197981903811,Not Recommended,271590,33359581,Posted: 7 July,all,LuckyLuke,"This game SUCKS!Grab your ankles and open wide wide for this money sucking a s s banging company.New addons, oh yeah that will be $25.00 real cash or you can grind for 90 hours and then be banned because you made enough to buy something in the game."
76561198061198553,Not Recommended,271590,34825121,Posted: 8 September,all,DDOS,"I Bought 1 million GTA $ because they had a speacial for 25% extra. a few months later i log in and it tells me ""rockstar corrected your account by 1.3 million"" so i had lost all i paid for. i paid $60 real dollars for nothing. great game!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,35077786,Posted: 19 September,all,rdtg,"First Rockstar removes the ability to mod single player. I understand their reasoning behind it, even though I do not agree with it one bit. To prevent online cheating, ok. Fine. But that can STILL be done while allowing other mods in single player.Now, they have STRIPPED money from accounts including mine. Money that was EARNED. NOT BY EXPLOITING OR CHEATING!As of now, I am done with Grand Theft Auto, I'm done with Grand Theft Auto Online and I am DONE with Take-Two Interactive!I had actually planned on purchasing Red Dead Redemption 2 for the PS4, but now I've decided against it as I refuse to give this company any more of my HARD EARNED CASH.(All of my gameplay time is on my other Steam account)"
76561198161787482,Not Recommended,271590,34729278,Posted: 4 September,all,msgclark558,"its hard to recomend this game to anyone right now the game itself isnt bad but what take 2 has done with the online is atrocious they make it to where you have to spend all day and night every day for a week to build up enough money to do anything they seriously need to up the payout ammounts for things to make online even plausable especially for a new player or new to online back befor this update they had it to where exporting cars was worth youre time via the 200000 dollar payout that was sweet but then they put out new dlc which is literally just the same dumb crate missions polished up with the same♥♥♥♥♥♥payout they need to up the reward for spending millions on a wearhouse or hanger seriously 500,000 for 50 crates is not worth it you have to have other players help you to make it fast enough to payout well but why would other players want to help you they get even ♥♥♥♥♥ier pay for helping you this games needs a serious ballancing of the online either they need to make payouts higher or things cost less but they wont becuase they just want to sell shark cards hand over fist bad business practises from such a respected company like rockstar maybe you guys should get more involved in online and take it back from take 2 who are making you look seriously bad"
76561198194329698,Not Recommended,271590,29676011,Posted: 3 February,all,RalphBecker,"The david bowie song,""The man who sold the world"" is pretty much a rockstar theme at this point,if you know what i mean"
,Not Recommended,271590,33920942,Posted: 30 July,all,Offline Lagger,grind fest
,Not Recommended,271590,32447633,Posted: 15 June,all,[தமிழண்டா]_Nooby,♥♥♥♥ you Take Two...
,Not Recommended,271590,32747115,Posted: 24 June,all,ShoOtingDraGons,This game is not fun anymore.
,Not Recommended,271590,33059816,Posted: 30 June,all,ORANG,not fun unless you get money modded in
,Not Recommended,271590,15724177,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,giBende,Bought for PC so i can play with mods.Rockstar ban mods.13/10
,Not Recommended,271590,16512913,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,high as kite,R: Its on sale! Now $60!Everyone else: ...
,Not Recommended,271590,32590585,Posted: 20 June,all,KayDe-H,"Well what can i say first stummble on pc games when i was young and now im really happy because we can mod old/new games and make them more and more fun...........not with GTA V i cant, i mean come on its why we PCif you want to play gtav and havnt i would wait for it to be on sale or borrow it of a friend its not worth its priceTBH its not worth a penny i can much more fun with 15 year old pc games that i can make bigger and more fun than i now can with gta and all because some idiots online made it bad for the rest of us, the worse part is THERE STILL THERE and we cant mod single player .......in the end there making loads of money over micro transcations :D :D great for them not for us"
76561198288630239,Not Recommended,271590,32617317,Posted: 21 June,all,{｡^ ◕ ‿ ◕^｡},BRING BACK OPEN IV ♥♥♥♥ YOU TAKE TWO
,Not Recommended,271590,33163424,Posted: 2 July,all,Ricktatorship,"I think I don't really need to say much as to why this is getting a thumbs down. The only thing i will say, is when your going to have your studio ""semi-endorse"" mod play and all applaud and thank all the video content and uploaders that shared their experience with others that obviously generates additional revenue towards initial sales. Don't be surprised by the big back lash when you rip it away after everyone who purchases the game and expected to be able to do continue this style of play is now angry their sandbox is now a lot smaller. I Don't mod at all and still think this is complete crap"
,Not Recommended,271590,32417431,Posted: 14 June,all,Costin,"Great campaign, multiplayer is a mess and unless you mod the game or get money from modders prepare for hundreds of hours of grinding.Edit: Ok, I went easy on this game because it used to be so good. Right now all you need to know is that this game is a waste of time and money and that rockstar's anti-cheat software is the ♥♥♥♥ing worst. Also all the prices on the in-game items have been drastically increased, becoming so hard to buy them that unless you play this game 10 hours a day, you need to buy Shark Cards to get them. There are countless reports of people being banned for no reason, having their ""Shark Card"" money and their legit money removed by Rockstar. And don't get dragged into this game just because of those DLC ads, all the missions they have are repetitive and you need to grind before you can play them. All this game has is the satisfaction of making money, therefore making it far worse when it gets stolen by Rockstar. This is an example of what greed can do to something. All I'm hoping for right now is that the next game won't come to this."
76561198108048897,Not Recommended,271590,33049700,Posted: 30 June,all,Malicious,I would really like Rockstar to stop stealing my hard-earned money on online
,Not Recommended,271590,31956996,Posted: 25 May,all,mumble raps about anime,"Got perma banned for no reason, like everyone else in 2017."
,Not Recommended,271590,30587854,Posted: 18 March,all,Mr. Crunchy,got my ip baned from a m8 dont even try buying this game waste of money :D
,Not Recommended,271590,29480034,Posted: 25 January,all,Anathema,Hey! Do you want to waste your money? or you just like getting banned for no reason?Great! This is the game for you!
76561198005768835,Recommended,271590,27518394,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Binnatics,"Grand Theft Auto. It's not just about stealing cars.I like racing games. I like shooting games... Open world games... Online competitive games... I like Grand Theft Auto.This title is so huge, so well balanced and worked out... graphics are excellent and immersive and so is the game world, the audio, the gameplay, the main single player story line...And then come GTA Online. The most immersive, challenging, funny, diverse online gaming world I""ve ever experienced. Once you're hooked to this Online mode, it's going to cost you. For me, the counter is currently on 2500 + hours. I know, I'm crazy. I'll probably turn into some sort of Trevor one day.Play this game. You'll love it!"
,Recommended,271590,27133643,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NotnKyra,Great Game. Doing this for Badge. Kappa
,Not Recommended,271590,33012540,Posted: 29 June,all,Keebob,roleplay took this over
,Recommended,271590,16400717,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Preston,"I purchased this video game for my 10 year old child for completing his communion. At first we could not figure out how to get the game to load on to his Macintosh laptop but after some time a Windows support representative told us that we could not install the game on Macintosh and had to purchase a Windows computer. I did not want to disappoint my child as I was afraid that he might question his faith if he did not reap the rewards of his hard work for Jesus. We purchased him an Official Dell Windows computer and started to install this video game for him. This is where things took a turn for the worse. When purchasing this game I was under the impression that I was buying my child a Police game where you would stop criminals, as the title mentioned, who were stealing cars. This game is not what I thought it was and I was appalled to learn that this game was the exact opposite of stopping criminals. You ARE the criminal. I stood there in horror as I watched my devout Christian child steal a car and shoot an automatic assaulting rifle at civilians. I then watched as he took this stolen vehicle and picked up a “working” girl and took her to a remote location and received “favors” in return for cash. What horrible person would create such an awful game where the main goal is to sin as much as possible?? This game should be called Grand Theft Satan. I would not recommend this game for any human to play. I had to go to church every day to help me forget the things that I witnessed in that game. As a proud conservative Christian mother I would HIGHLY recommend that this video game gets taken off of steam and the developers are sent to confession. If you want your child to have a soul I suggest you do not purchase this game. 1/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,16345611,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hoxo,"NO. NEVER. DON'T BUY THIS CRAP PEOPLE CALL A ""FUN AND GOOD GAME""Reasons:-♥♥♥♥ Ton of Lag-Tons of glitches that can Crash, And alot more(THEY NEVER DID THE PRICE UP YOU ♥♥♥♥ING HERD OF IDIOTS-Crashes are Frequent-Online Mode Sucks-Online Mode Almost Can't load-Story mode skips crash sometimes-This game's driving mechanics suck♥♥♥♥♥(Hell, Even Payday 2 lagging while driving is better then this!)-Heists? With People who probaly killed you? Yeah ♥♥♥♥ no!"
76561198031441398,Not Recommended,271590,32562608,Posted: 19 June,all,xXgraVityXx,"Stopped playing GTAV quite awhile ago, but I am writing this review to show that I'm not happy with route the developers have taken.  Most people have been enjoying multiplayer because of mods.  You would think that with all the copies sold the players opinions would have a little more sway, but I guess what the players are thinking isn't really a concern anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,32808735,Posted: 26 June,all,Optus2Savage cs.money,"It was a great game until you idiots decided that it was a good idea to remove singleplayer modding. *Sigh* back to GTA online with the countless amount of cheaters and endless amount of hours wasted, grinding for in-game money only to be wasted on flying bikes."
,Not Recommended,271590,32614113,Posted: 21 June,all,Leclerc,kys take 2
,Recommended,271590,17358076,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,[CVG]Anton,"I picked this game up on Steam because all the trailers and promotional videos made it look very enticing.I don't have a full start to end review of this game because there is so much to it and so much to play. There is also the GTA Online game and the video editor that I haven't toughted yet either.Once I get to experience the entire story mode I will try the GTA Online and review them in full. Until then here is my first impression of the game.GTA 5 is defiantly an action adventure type game due to how open world it is and all the places to explore and things to do in the game. I enjoy doing all the side missions before doing the main story line.When I first loaded up the game I found that the action was intense right of the bat. No slow buildup of your character coming over on a ship to meet his cousin and start a new life, nope, you were right in the middle of a bank robbery and from there the intense getaway while shooting your way out left you holding he controller playing more and more.If you find yourself getting easily agitated when lots of noisy things are going on with shouting, yelling and screaming then the start of this game will push your buttons and get you going. Its that intense I found.The game plays just like you would expect any GTA game to play and works just fine with a Xbox360 controller on the PC.I did find that on my Ultra Wide monitor that during the loading screen there was the black bars on either side, but once the game play started then it went away and you got the full gaming screen.No matter what you pick the game up for it is worth getting, if you like the GTA games.Pro'sOpen WorldIntense startXbox Controller compatibleCon'sIt takes a high end system to max out the graphicsCVGAnton's Ratingːfirst_starːːfirst_starːːfirst_starːːfirst_starːːfirst_starː"
,Recommended,271590,18150140,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Nosferatu,"Buy it for the Single Player, with Online as icing on the cake.Grand Theft Auto V is a beautifully crafted game that is one of the best games I have ever played. I have days and days of gametime on it, and I love it so so so much.People are giving bad reviews due to the devs playing with the price. Yes that sucked, but we are here to review the game, not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs.THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE FOR PC."
,Not Recommended,271590,17145329,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Walrus-Sama,"Great game if you like to Cheat, Rockstar will not touch you, but they will Ban people you gave Hacked money to. Fantastic. 11/10Other than that, No. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing Terrible. Cheaters, Stuttering, Memory Leaks, Cancerous Community, Over Priced Micro-Transactions, and Rockstar refuses, outright ignore, any of its issues. Instead just rolling out more pointless updates that no one asked for that only add a ♥♥♥♥ ton of problems to the pile.Do not touch this Game.This Game is like a dieing Animal that refuses to eat. We may as well just let it Die."
,Recommended,271590,29295964,Posted: 16 January,all,✪ DaN1cteD,"""Choose between a free open world with endless opportunities, or a deep story mode""This game offers almost unlimited opportunities and possibilities. Whether you like escaping from the police, infiltrating a military base, or just hooking up with strippers, this game has it all. You can choose to play in a free open world, or play the story mode. Personally, I never finished the story mode, as I was more excited to play with my friends in the open world, but what I played was very good. As almost every game, this game is of course better if you play it with your mates.Now, to mention some of the downsides of this game.The game is almost 60 gigabytes in size. Even with a good internet speed, it takes a while to download. All in all, the wait is worth it, but personally, I found myself uninstalling it after a while due to lack of hard-drive capacity.Further, I have to mention the waiting and loading time - because, yes, there is a lot of loading. This does indeed drag down my opinion on the game.The last thing I have to complain about is the lagg. Personally, this doesn´t affect me, but if you do not have a good pc, you may struggle a lot with lagg and frame-drops."
76561198041917277,Not Recommended,271590,33208288,Posted: 3 July,all,dot.,"I got permanently banned from online within the first few weeks of buying GTA 5 for no reason.Other than this, it is a good game, but repetitive at times.(for example) I got stuck on multiple mission unable to continue for some time.As for the multiplayer, i cannot say as i played little of it(mostly waiting for my friend) and a few days aftter creating my account i got banned for 2 or so weeks then the day I got unbanned, i played, exited by accident, went back on the day after, and I was banned permanetly."
76561198126048305,Not Recommended,271590,31564893,Posted: 5 May,all,Dasanemi,i like the sex but when i♥♥♥♥♥my controller vibrates so hard that my arteries go numb and i go to cardiac arrest
,Recommended,271590,33537543,Posted: 14 July,all,Loewenheart,San Andreas > 5
,Not Recommended,271590,34623873,Posted: 30 August,all,Daddy don't hurt me,"Was good, now bad. Hence why it went from overwhelming positive to overwhelmingly negative overnight."
,Not Recommended,271590,24424688,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ritzz,I've played many online games and this game by far has the worst servers i've ever seen in my life. Get it for story mode because online is the worst.
76561198106684288,Not Recommended,271590,24309211,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ryan leKaiz,"900+hrs, never use mod/hack tool, and get banned with no reason, Rockstar doesn't care.Usually I create invited session for safety, but still cant avoid getting my character into public session after doing heist. And boom, banned until...... Surprisingly, my account auto-submit a ticket to report myself hack/exploire. I can keep my account safe by never sharing password, and also have a paid Anti-virus program on my computer (Kaspersky Internet Security newest version currently), but can't keep it safe from Rockstar (or I'm suppose to buy a Coporation Anti-virus version for a computer).Sent ticket, it auto-marks solved 10/10.Make a post in community, Rockstar never answer.Very nice work Rockstar!Careful guys, you might waste your money by getting banned even you do nothing, and Rockstar would not care."
,Not Recommended,271590,33542185,Posted: 14 July,all,BunnyOrSomething,"Ok, so. Let's break this down. In essence the game is really well done. It's beautiful and it does a very good job of displaying a parody of californial life....Then you go online. And for a bit everything seems okay, Then you start to realize just how much of an effort R* puts into making sure you absolutely CANNOT make decent money without buying their sharkcards. From NPC Civilians deliberately trying to crash into you while you're sourcing or delivering vehicles, to the lack of regulation for the difficulty of your buisiness jobs I.E. A solo C.E.O Sourcing a car that will be hunted by helicoptors with no chance of a solid defense. The online portion of the game is a wasteland of bad choices and deliberate measures put into place to make it as trivial as humanly possible to make money, And that would be fine, if rockstar actually looked like they cared about the overall status of it's online play. And maybe they do on other consoles but it does seem like the PC players are getting shafted by more modders, less fun, and a complete silence form the company that keep in mind, has no problem taking as much money as possible from the fanbase while releasing little to no TRUE content to the game. Single player DLC was shut down long ago and doesn't look like it will ever be a thing And while originally there was some decent content poured into the online play with DLC such as the heist DLC. Recently theres little to no REAL content being put in. And it can be argued that the bunker was put in, but is it really that content or is it reskinning buisiness's like the cocaine lockup? I stand by the latter. And while it is understandable that the company is looking forward to their new games, the lack of creative inspiration and overall fleecing of the fanbase. GTA V is not sitting in a very pretty spot. Which sucks because GTA has been a mainstay of my entire life. I can't stand by these practices. But that's my opinion. I hope that in the future Rockstar takes the time to look back at the behemoth they created and give it some more love. But as it stands the game no longer deserves to be sold under a 60$ pricetag. The online play is a mess and quite aggravating. If you're looking for an amazing single player story, go ahead pick it up. The story is well worth experiencing for yourself if you haven't. But since it's 2017 and most people already know the story of T,F, and M. The lack of any meaningful singleplayer DLC should be a huge turning away point. And if you're looking for fun meaningful online gameplay with your friends and others, just keep moving this game will only hurt you."
76561198039220932,Not Recommended,271590,16328168,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Q is for Qadim,Shady Rockstar.
,Not Recommended,271590,25028784,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[LEO] Megan_Meegoo,"Plus's*HUGE Open World*Great Story with 100+ Missions*Great Voice Acting*(Doesnt Even need to be said xD) Great Graphics 10 Stars Easily and Beyond*Good Performance*First Person and Third Person You can switch between the two at anytime free will*Side Activities and Missions*Multiple Endings*Lots of Weapons*Lots of Vehicles*Underwater Enviroment and Underwater Missions*HUGE Online Community*Tons and tons of activites and missions to do online*over 500 Ranks Online to Climb through*Online is Open World*Constantly Updated*New Features Constantly Added*Mission Creator*Basically Infinite Content online due to UGC (User Generated Content), Rockstar constantly making new missions raids activites and releasing updates and etc.*VR (Virtual Reality HTC Vive Etc) Compatible*Moddable (STRICLTY AND ONLY ON SINGLE PLAYER MODDING ONLINE WILL RESULT IN PERMA BAN)(Please Note these are just The Most Notable things as there are hundereds if not thousands of other plus's about the game)Minus's-Nothing to do in Single Player After you beat the story except Activites and Side Missions.-The game has severe Framing issues in different area's. situations and scenarios.-Rockstar is Very Strict online with there Rules of Conduct but thats made up for with a great community, watching other players get perma bans for small and stupid things make you behave. (Kind of a Plus and Minus)-The Majority of players in GTA Online Dont Speak English so the chat is just squares or foreign language-Because of the Extreme Diversity of the game and little people using english it will be very hard for people that speak enlisgh to play online and interact.-Despite How Gigantic San Andreas is, There can only be a max of 30 players in a single online session-The Disk Space Required for this game is a Woping 64 Gigabytes.-Took me an entire week 7 days to download this game with 2 Megabytes Per Second Speed.-Attemping to use Mods Online will Result in Perma Ban-When you get Perma Banned Rockstar Bans your CD Key So you cant just make a new account and start over. You have to buy another copy of GTA V and Make a New Social Club account if you want to keep playing online.-Perma Bans Duration Ranges from 18 years to 350 Years and nobody wants to be banned from gta online or really anything at all! For 18 years or 350 years because thats not fun and plus you wont be alive in 350 years and in 18 years gta v might have shutdown there servers or you will most likely lost interesting in it and etc etc etc XDDMisc. This area contains Things that are arguable and debatableThis game should win the an award becauase it was one of the video games that changed the way video games are looked at played and designed over all. GTA In my Opinion set the course and future for Open World Games when GTA 3 First Came out. Dispite the controversy surrounding the titles its a great game and done alot for the video game world. This game Deserves Many awards for years and years to come.EDIT: This Game is Full of Modders and Hackers With Mod Menu's and Aimbots who Constantly Drop Millions of Dollars on you and spawn the best Weapons and Vehicles on you in the entire game and Boost You Taking the Fun out of the Game and Gaming it Boring really fast. If you can some how deal with this♥♥♥♥♥♥and survive to level 100 you will be done really fast. For Serious players this game is Ruined online from the Amount of Modders and Hackers. Join a Session and try doing MC or CEO Work but there are 20 Presidents and 10 CEO's who are really just Noobs who was given money by modders. The noobs thought it would be fun to buy a Organization and or a MC. They dont know♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game or how to play. Join a  Session and There is a modder Teleporting all over the map killing over and the Objective. Join another session and ther is another hacker with an aimbot and explosive bullets killing everyone. Join A Heist and There are trolls who Have the game start then leave and when someone leaves a heist the game ends. I would have loved to of seen this game in its prime days It was probably one of the greatest games in existence.RIP Grand Theft Auto V: Online (September 17, 2013 - 2016) Killed By Modders and Hackers. Loved and Missed by Many.EDIT: Best Ban Simulator of All Time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443310,Posted: 15 June,all,DankXProXAli,Modding is Now Illegal....TakeTwo... Pls Stahp... Your killing this game...
76561198096108295,Not Recommended,271590,32385855,Posted: 13 June,all,Boy♂next♂door,"WORKING HARD TO MAKE MONEY FOR NEW GUNRUNNING DLC@SELLING STUFF FROM YOUR MC AND CEO EVERYDAY@FARMING HEISTS WITH YOUR FRIENDS@HARDLY GET 6000000@DLC RELEASE DATE@GOING ONLINE TO PURCHASE SOME OF THAT NEW MILITARY STAFF@CONGRATULATION, U'VE GOT 7000 INSTEAD OF YOUR ACCUMULATED FUNDS AND A NEW MOTIVATION FOR PLAYING@NOT EVEN ENOUGH TO DELIVER A CAR WITH YOUR CEO TO EARN MONEY TO PAY THE BILLS AND SALARY FOR YOUR MC STAFFThe best DLC, 10 wasted gaming hours out of 10. Thank you rockstar."
76561198059676752,Not Recommended,271590,23728662,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Boosted Turtle,I got banned permantly for no reason at all (when you contact rockstar you get a BOT response ) ANOYING HACKERS !!!
,Not Recommended,271590,15721309,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Tmasta,♥♥♥♥ Rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,15729199,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Baron Von Promster,Great game on SP. MP is laggy as crazy but still pretty fun i guess. Cant recommend due to banning mods is just stoopid.
,Not Recommended,271590,15723025,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,la falme,can't ♥♥♥♥ing believe you ♥♥♥♥s
,Not Recommended,271590,15728725,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DaggarN,Banning users from using mods in singleplayer. lmaoo
,Not Recommended,271590,15720907,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Mr. Wonderful,"amazing game, absolutely love it. But isn't complete without letting mods into the game. Banned for modding? Thats ridiculous... I'll recommend when modding SP isn't a bannable offense..."
,Not Recommended,271590,15729666,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Herachi,Got banned for FoV mod.10/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,271590,15721494,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,c-rabs,"Rockstar banned me from online for using mods. Thanks, ♥♥♥♥tar."
76561197997624875,Not Recommended,271590,33594163,Posted: 16 July,all,Steakr,"Too many hackers, I haven't completed any heist missions. Every time I go outside there's either hackers teleporting around, blowing everything up, and dropping cash everywhere. Or a bunch of people that want me dead for some reason. So I just stay inside and play GTA and it's the same damn thing."
76561198009111094,Not Recommended,271590,16340432,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Metalsmith,There is a special layer of hell reserved for developers who raise prices just before a sale. Rockstar has a confirmed reservation.
76561198297234978,Not Recommended,271590,32786104,Posted: 25 June,all,Emperor Lunaris,f*** this game
,Not Recommended,271590,32705198,Posted: 23 June,all,-CML-Junior Bacon Cheeseburger,"I can't believe they banned mods.  What a terrible move and an insult to the community.  Don't buy this game.  EDIT: Apparently they reversed course, but only because of the negative reviews hurting their bottom line.  This is a fake change of heart and I have no doubt they will attempt to do something similar at a time that suits them.  Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,33138259,Posted: 2 July,all,Lead_HeadHunter,the time it takes to make money is too long and it blows.
,Not Recommended,271590,16345942,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Skincrawler,"They changed the price to 80 dollars just in time for the steam summer sale......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Recommended,271590,15351367,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Shuck You,Yes.
,Recommended,271590,16786629,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,❄r3dsn0w000™❄ [Cristi]🎮,"I didn't knew untilGrand Theft Auto Vthat you can actually fail a game benchmark?! Apparently, you can! 11 out of 10!"
76561198073491488,Not Recommended,271590,32771463,Posted: 25 June,all,dmeehan91,Online is so nothing now you people ruined it
,Not Recommended,271590,29927991,Posted: 14 February,all,fLumi,Give multiplayer back to the community where it belongs.
,Not Recommended,271590,32730429,Posted: 24 June,all,GLUCOSEKI,Take 2 messed up by taking away modding from the community
76561198079335000,Not Recommended,271590,32799724,Posted: 25 June,all,Stopper,"One of there selling points is a open world game that you can do what ever you want. Thanks take two for taking that away. OPEN IV IS FOR SINGLE PLAYER ONLY! Single player mods is what made this game series great not online. On behalf of everyone that used mods for single player use only, ♥♥♥♥ YOU Rockstar and Take Two!"
76561198076050916,Not Recommended,271590,32662440,Posted: 22 June,all,Joe the show,ya no
76561198191763775,Not Recommended,271590,32755027,Posted: 24 June,all,Mystic_A,stupid r* anti-cheat is crap!!! no reason get banned.
76561198053934296,Not Recommended,271590,33202058,Posted: 3 July,all,ACE,No more modding? BS.
76561198065605741,Not Recommended,271590,30132786,Posted: 23 February,all,SebHS,"*DISCLAIMER* I WAS NOT ONE OF THE PEOPLE BANNED RECENTLY, MY ACCOUNT IS STILL UP & IS HEALTHY, SO THAT DOESNT SWAY MY REVIEW!I've had this game since launch day, 2013, I've got about 1500 hours. I ported over my character from PS3 and started playing on pc, as the 30fps on last gen gave me Aids.Anyways, the singleplayer is great, it was really a blast, and gameplay was truly incredible. *BUY IT IF YOU LIKE SINGLEPLAYER GAMES WITH A GREAT STORY, VOICE ACTING, CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT, AND MISSIONS*Online is a different story, its terrible. Filled with hackers, little kids who constantly kill you, and Rockstar has milked this game dry with their silly little ""FREE DLC's"" (What a great company everyone is thinking.) that would actually cost $200 to purchase everything included (All of the DLC combined would probably cost close to $1500, give or take, Im just guesstimating.) Not to mention its repetitive as hell and gets boring in about 30 hours if you have no friends to play with (All of my friends have stopped playing)I think the reason it gets boring so fast is due to the fact that I have pretty much everything (bought all of the items when everyone was a billionaire back on PS3 and Xbox hehe)  However; even if you're the poorest of poor in this game, its still boring due to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ missions that give you no cash nor reward.Pros:-Great Singleplayer story-Amazing voice acting & memorable characters-Fun singleplayer missionsCons:-Multiplayer...-I guess the flying is too easy, but its still fun."
76561198063802124,Not Recommended,271590,24282456,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,♠ Do$h ♠,do not buy this buggie game
76561198095017559,Not Recommended,271590,33896622,Posted: 29 July,all,Revenginator,Bought to give negative review to rockstar.♥♥♥♥ you guys
,Not Recommended,271590,15712721,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Deepcage,"Do Not Buy!...unless you want to risk getting banned. If you somehow and inadvertantly edit or modify any of the gamefiles, Rockstar will BAN you for an unspecified time.The game is great, but the risk of getting banned for any shady reason is not worth €60."
,Not Recommended,271590,15720801,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Worthmore,"I love the fact i wait two years for horrible matchmaking, horrible severs, horrible voice chat, and the horrible fact that i cant mod it even in singleplayer.Rockstar needs to treat their PC customers better before i can recommend anything from them."
,Not Recommended,271590,15757091,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Revimor,"Awesome game, but it CRASHES extremely often (anywhere between 5 and 10 minutes)."
,Not Recommended,271590,15699268,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Shots,"Wasn't the selling point to PC users supposed to be the modding.  And now, users are getting banned for it.  Great job R*, thanks for nothing.  Not our fault we can do a better job with your game."
76561198095151273,Not Recommended,271590,15708311,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,gala52210,All my friends got banned and its super boring now ♥♥♥♥ing rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,15750168,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Demon of Elru,Grand Hacks Auto 5 Online. All I'm going to say about this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,15716473,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,conquer4,"GTA V is a awesome game, beautiful looking, fantastically living breathing world. But that is it, for such a great game it is made and supported by one of the crappiest companies in the game industry (almost EA level). They delay release several times, sometimes days before it is due. Change EULA enforcement policies, good luck trying to get a hold of customer service. Poor communication with the community. Have fun, only if you do it their way."
76561198084351207,Not Recommended,271590,15720945,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Guess I'll Play Victim,"This game is Great, but Rockstar has no idea what fun even is. Banning people for modding minor things in online? Slightly acceptable, but for single player... theres no excuse."
,Not Recommended,271590,15704641,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Ca11 Me Karma,"The game is fun, but its not the same since Rockstar started being Nazis about mods and banning everyone. Way to go Rockstar. The only reason half the people bought the game for a SECOND time to begin with is so we could mod the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it with friends and actually have fun. Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're wanting to mod it, even on singleplayer you'll still get banned. I hope someone blows up your buildings and decimates you <3My final score of ♥♥♥♥♥tars game: 0/10Edit: Refreshing my review because I ♥♥♥♥ing called it with the mods. ♥♥♥♥ you TAKE TWO!"
,Recommended,271590,15357123,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ba[R]aD`,"Never was in to the online side of the game, But as for story mode this game delivers!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15721927,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,God Emperor Trump,"By not allowing single player mods, Rockstar is showing that they only care about money, because they know that less people will play online and pay for their microtransactions if we are allowed to make the game look better and add better features"
76561198018772416,Not Recommended,271590,32810517,Posted: 26 June,all,Rage,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198035493440,Not Recommended,271590,32662403,Posted: 22 June,all,Rafex,Gimme my mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32703546,Posted: 23 June,all,___,lack of modding support
,Recommended,271590,28366961,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,=EGC= _Nite_,"The best GTA so far of all them, incredible graphics, good storyline, lots of side activities, and I like that you get to play as 3 different characters.Warning though, I recommend you only buy this if you do the single player or Solo GTA Online Mode, cause from what I seen on the forum the online public lobbies is full of hackers/cheaters"
,Not Recommended,271590,15713234,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Krynik,">Waited for GTA V on PC so I could play around with mods>GTA V comes out on PC and I purchase it happily knowing that the mods will keep the game alive for years>""Mods only allowed in single-player"">Okay>""Nah, mods will get you banned in single player now too.""Seriously though, the mods are what makes GTA on PC vastly superior to any other platform. We waited over a year for it to arrive on PC since the consoles came first, and then they ♥♥♥♥ us like this. If I had known they would ban you for mods, I wouldn't have wasted $60 on this game. If I could get a refund, I would.0/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,15716543,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Stanley,Well i could be a great gameif it only worked to say the least
,Not Recommended,271590,15722683,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,tanked,patiently waiting for third party multiplayer
,Not Recommended,271590,15727984,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ChipJunior,All Comment very bad.-Late Launch For PC & Do not to be punctual for lunch-Last Game For Buy Game from Rockstar-Bad Company Rockstar..TQ
,Not Recommended,271590,15696849,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,PimpDwn,"If you like being told how to play, this is the game for you. Most GTA gamers don't. Be prepared for constant bans and complete dissapointment in the lands of Los Santos."
76561198070071861,Not Recommended,271590,15714068,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Destroyer,Bans you for installing mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,15721298,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Scalith,Amazing game but I can't recommend it when Rockstar is doing such horrid practices in regards to mods.
76561198029214628,Not Recommended,271590,15714530,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ERIK(9mm),STEAM says it has very pos reviews but 1/3 are neg cuz no one can get it to work and rockstar will not help you or refund you. steam isnt taking responability since its rockstars social club. dont lose your money to thisThis game is great but i dont reccomend it to ayone lol.use dxtory to record bam get banned cant start social club now.use fraps? better watch out it might detect it and bam banned no more gta v.is your fov jacked up? use a fov fix BAM banned.running to slow for yer pc and use a graphic mod with lower res everything BAM banned.this is just a list of reasons people are getting banned. almost everyone uses fraps or dxtory for oneAND two!! all of thissocial club ui has crashed. you reinstall everything and update drivers plus get the newest version of win7/8= Sacial club ui has crashed.contact rockstart about problem. a week later get a small file attachment. sontains a gta v launcher. i copy it over bam social club ui has crashed.??? and what now social club is in chinese.go to register to change lang by hand back to english. find that the fix they sent is for v1.0.0 of social club not v1.0.4 or whatever. contact rockstar again. it been days. and the cycle continuesdont buy unles your an all nvidia build im all amd. also dont buy if you have any anger or stress problems as u may end up trhoughing your mouse though your monitor or have a freakin anurism while trying to get to work.not to mention rockstart support is BROKEN and SLOW and not worth any amount of your time or money.
,Not Recommended,271590,15694022,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Really Makes You Think,I enjoyed it til I got banned ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥♥tar
76561197995498166,Not Recommended,271590,15719955,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SirThird,"If you want to mod, don't buy the game, pirate it, else you will get banned for using mods, even in single player. Paid version is more restrictive."
,Not Recommended,271590,15371227,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AdamTheMan23,"Well I Payed For The Game, Couldnt Even Get The Game To Load On My Alienware, Or My Gaming Desktop PCAfter Searching The Internet Finding Out Nothing. Found Out It Was Needing The C++ & Framework 4.5 Installed, Now The Game Started WorkingAfter A While Of The Game working, It stops again on both PC's, upgraded to Windows 10 and got it working.After weeks of being busy with work, i had time to play a little GTA 5 Online, so i did, just played the game normal, killing things on the streets, next day i log in and found out 'I WAS BANNED FROM ONLINE'Now i Submit a ticket, Called Rockstar Supportand got i am banned till Oct 15 2015 but No reason for why i got banned._____________________________________________________________________This Grand Theft Auto 5 game is waste of moneyModders Are Online Making The Game Less Fun (Taking Your Guns Away And So On)RockStar Stupid Cheat System Banning Good Players For No ReasonRockStar Has VERY VERY VERY BAD Support (Can't Even Get The Right Answer From No One)Buy GTA 5 Only For XBOX & PlayStation Less Problems, Less Needing Help From RockStar Support, But Then Again There Are Still Lots Of Modders Making The Game Crap."
76561197967913234,Not Recommended,271590,32728298,Posted: 24 June,all,Pootie Poot,everybody is doing it
76561198050607097,Not Recommended,271590,32698408,Posted: 23 June,all,lkzeichner22,"Absolutes No Go wie die Community behandelt wird. Ich kann es kaum erwarten GTA V wieder eine ausgezeichnete Bewertung zu geben, weil ich dieses Spiel liebe. Aber ein Grund dafür sind eben die Mods."
,Recommended,271590,16603944,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,a guy named victoria,"Great game with great single player story. Around 30-ish hours long with all the side missions (Strangers & Freaks). Tons of other activites to do in single player, like collectables & other less meaningful missions in the single player.Multiplayer has it's downs but overall good. Their servers are a bit, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is a nice way of saying they're rubbish for the most parts. Fun experience nonetheless. TRUST NO ONE.Do I however think it's worth 60€ when I can buy Fallout 3&NV for 5€? Nah. Overpriced. Also this whole setting the price to 75€ and then ""discounting"" back to it's original price is disgusting by Rockstar.Still recommended though, and is probably the best open world non-rpg out there"
,Not Recommended,271590,31094883,Posted: 12 April,all,Jasmine Harlow,"Online: Money grab scheme, literally the worst netcode ive dealt with to this day, Everyone uses mods and gets others banned, and you have to farm missions for days to buy a single car and some of its upgrades. Lag is so bad half the time you get disconnected from a lobby the second you join it.You will spend half of your time in the game loading, that isnt an exaggeration, it is just that bad, after all, online is peer-to-peer.Singleplayer: Half decent story, but the narrative is very lame because it has insightful and meaningful dialogue that has actual meaning followed up with 'raunchy jokes' so much so that any serious stuff in the game is made not so by a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or fart joke. Has several unskippable minigame missions, some are annoying, others are just very long.Gunfights can be very very tiresome because there will be thousands of enemies coming at you, and it just becomes a game of whack-a-mole with the enemies in cover.Overall Game: Awful port, I use a GTX 970 and I cannot even run full High settings without frame drops down to 15-20 fps. It is very bad in many downtown or large areas, as the games culling is♥♥♥♥♥♥I suggest using a gamepad for ANY flying, and reccomend it for driving, after all, it is a console port, it was designed for controller.TL;DROnline: 2/10  Needs a LOT of workSingleplayer: 7.5/10 Not bad, but needs a much clearer directionOverall Game: 2/10 Bad optimization, better to go play this game on a console."
,Recommended,271590,15883507,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Bahman,"Do you ever feel like killing the rich and priviledged in a world where Fox News owned the media?This is the game for you, best 60 bucks I ever spent killing venture capitalists and bosses."
76561198058951994,Not Recommended,271590,32741680,Posted: 24 June,all,Prostagma?,What do I have to say? Greedy people don't deserve our money.
,Not Recommended,271590,15720958,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Paulie,Rockstar has a stick up their♥♥♥♥♥about mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15731961,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Trickery,"A decent single player campaign, that sadly does not make enough use of the brilliant Heist gameplay mechanics.The game really falls short in the online part though, which is riddled with loading screens and based on a terrible consoley lobby system that has you spending 70% of your time outside of the open world that's supposed to make the game great.Sadly, a lot of wasted potential here. :("
76561197979352366,Not Recommended,271590,15708011,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BadMan,Rockstar needs to get a clue that mods are what sold this game on PC.
,Recommended,271590,32419759,Posted: 14 June,all,Kryton | 160k ❤,"We won. Thank you everyone!Dear Take Two, go f*** yourself :)"
76561198299832594,Recommended,271590,32861513,Posted: 27 June,all,McDucko,"Many people who have reviewed this game are people mad about OpenIV. It's a good game, just that The online could use some work."
76561197998324734,Recommended,271590,32864015,Posted: 27 June,all,CyFiver,Loved the story and laughing at fun events.
,Recommended,271590,31484677,Posted: 1 May,all,Snowdog,"My most played game of all time.I have been playing this since release on xBox 360 and still play.I particularly love GTA Online, but I only play with friends in private sessions. Playing with randoms is not fun for me.For those who don't know;To play private sessions online, load up single player, then select play online, you then have the options for several private modes of play, including friends, crew or even solo. Yup, that's right, you can even play Online on your own."
,Not Recommended,271590,15704231,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BIGSOS,"Rockstar, Your game is broken. Please allow me to use self radio without losing all ability to render the world. Also, allow mods in single player.EDIT 6/15/2017: MORE TRUE TODAY HAHAHAHAHA! I FELL FOR YOUR DOUBLE DIP TRASH FOR THIS KIND OF TREATMENT????EDIT 6/24/2017: T2/R* reversed the C&D on OpenIV which I respect, but Take Two really showed their true corporatist money-hungry colors for the last time and I can no longer support that."
76561197976112807,Not Recommended,271590,15723051,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Wahchewie,"- *Made all mods bannable* - Reason for downvote- Aircraft control is horrible for any input, keyboard, pad, or otherwise - STILL NOT FIXED- Game treats analogue inputs (pad, joystick) almost as digital - full on/off- Once main story line is finished, FAR less to do than San andreas- Storyline rushed near the end- Not enough ways to make considerable money except plot and sharemarket- Walking around town on foot - NOTHING to do. 99% buildings blocked out, little interaction+ Pretty..... Pretty shallow once the plot is done"
,Not Recommended,271590,15703959,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Nintega De Stellar,Rockstar will ban you if the FOV of First Person makes you sick and you use a mod to change that.♥♥♥♥ this.  Pirate this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,271590,15611466,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DNKu,halo
,Not Recommended,271590,33246357,Posted: 4 July,all,The Tamed Darkness,"Screw you Take-Two and Rockstar for ruining a good game.These negative reviews aren't because the game is bad, actually the game is amazing.It's a way for us PC gamers to protest.First off, online mode is filled with hackers, but Rockstars decides to ban innocent players and let the hackers roam free.Also, it's too hard to get money in Online mode without buying shark cards, which is exactly what money greedy Rockstar wants you to do.And as for Take-Two, they tried taking down modding!  We managed to stop that, but who knows if they will do it again?  How dare they try to take down modding!  Don't they know that's what is keeping this old game alive?Great game, money greedy, mod ruining devs/publishers"
,Recommended,271590,32893174,Posted: 27 June,all,|RealNeegan|,"One of my favorite games. Concerning Mod Tool, BLAME THE EXPLOITERS!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,15697949,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,the_meco,Bans people for having a whale of a time.
,Recommended,271590,16695194,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,J-K-Taylor,LEGENDARY!!!!!!
,Recommended,271590,29967574,Posted: 16 February,all,Neko-chan ♡,"It's Grand Theft Auto, of course you will love it!"
,Recommended,271590,32943814,Posted: 28 June,all,Alper YILDIRIM,GTA V a very good game.
76561198040874821,Not Recommended,271590,15718406,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LSPD 1A-55 (A. Lundy),"Hey Rockstar, if you don't want people to mod then WHY THE HELL RELEASE IT FOR PC?!"
76561198050847955,Not Recommended,271590,15740192,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Zenith,"Does not play no matter what I try, forever ""GTA V Launcher has stopped working"":-Verify game cache before, and after any process-Installing a manual Social Club-Reinstalling the game  three times-Checking that all drivers are up to date-The ""disable graphics card"" option in device manager-Moving around files and making sure everything is in the right place like program filesGenuinely a little upset that a game I bought won't load and I can't even DIY a problem that shouldn't exist. Will be talking to steam or whatever I can to get a refund. There are many people with the same problem, AVOID THIS GAME FOR NOW REALLY."
,Recommended,271590,15422456,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,datguylucky,I will never stop playing that game anymore!
,Not Recommended,271590,15367822,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Shay,Too many starting bugs. Has been a real pain...still is.
,Recommended,271590,17311069,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,DaHyun,No need explaination.
76561197965180048,Recommended,271590,15517560,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,[GTribe] Dark13cloud,"Lamar: Watch your driving manFranklin: You know you are jealous of my smooth movesLamar: Only thing smooth about you is your ♥♥♥♥♥HAHAHA 10/10This game is beautiful. Great voice acting, beautiful cars and scenery,ability to skip frustrating or overly difficult missions(thank you) Just buy it....best one by far."
,Recommended,271590,15422515,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Frog,k
,Recommended,271590,15551115,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,toastmaster,"This game. I have had so many silly dilly milly moments with this. I ruv it sooooooooo much. It yum.You know what- I preordered itI got deh moneyBuy it.""It's boss""- toastmaster123, 1954.If you like minecraft, you would definetely like this.On a scale of 1 to 10 for amazingness, I would rate this 11."
,Recommended,271590,15398635,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,AzoNe,"The game itself is absolutely amazing, if you have a good rig you should definitely pick it up.Unfortunately for me it has a lot of stuttering (Mostly in online), but I did remove some of the stuttering by removing the in-game Steam overlay.I have got it to work sometimes where the framerate is 70+ on high (With an i7-2600k, GTX 770 & 8 GB RAM) in singleplayer with barely any stuttering what so ever, but the game has a life of itself that I have no control of.Amazing game that I sadly can't run too well.**Edit 17th of April:**Rockstar released a patch that fixed my game, so all the stuttering is gone and the game works just fine now. Thanks Rockstar!10/10"
,Recommended,271590,15363711,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,PhatNigga86,"Gr8 Game M8, Steam shouldnt♥♥♥♥♥♥itself too often"
76561198025424068,Recommended,271590,17416525,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Fonseca,A masterpiece. One of the best games I have ever played in my life.
,Not Recommended,271590,19737822,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mburg Danny,"Have you ever liked a game so much, you wanted everything about it to just stay grand, or get even better? Or have you ever liked a game that was far from perfect but stuck with it becase you wanted it to get better; you realized it's potential.GTA V is both of these. The singleplayer needs no review, it's amazing. It's one of the most exhilarating campaigns I have played in a video game. The multiplayer leaves so much to be desired.There's content that's great and most if not all new content is free*. The issue is the game requires grinding like it's a full time job to stay on par with the new content or to conveniently pay real money for GTA$. Coming from a title that re-released twice after the original release AND the original release was one of the highest selling video games of all time? Greedy.Anti-cheat is practically nonexistant. Rockstar also takes every chance to screw over the modding community. No mods in GTA Online? Some modders made a separate Online instance so it has no effect on GTA Online. Rockstar unleashes the legal department. Bans accounts that dipped a toe in the water.Perhaps you play normally and run into a bug that prevents you from playing or doesn't give you the promised reward. Rockstar support will barely listen to you. They'll also never admit wrong in the game and more often than not blame you for the issue.Great game that is being killed by the developer."
,Recommended,271590,19888895,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Arcanous,"It's a huge and inmersive experience like few have been seen before in PC. It delivers tons of fun, I can tell you that. It is a massive improvement compared to previous iterations, by that refering to the ps3 and xbox 360 mainly. Impressive graphical options, they could well be the most complete set of graphical customization functionalities ever made. Although online loading times, and overall the multiplayer experience itself has a lot of room for improvements, it is an accomplishing and incredibly well built game. 10/10 single player, 8/10 online."
76561197995934073,Recommended,271590,15867455,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,NoobShyte,Awesome to  have!! Just make sure you have a good line or else you gonna have the lag of your life.
,Recommended,271590,15571957,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ziteseve,Loved the potential of gta5 on xbox...love the potential it lived up to on pc 11/10 will buy a few for my friends !Thanks for the beta testing Console buddies! :D
,Recommended,271590,16753915,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Rexenexus,"GTAV: where you can be a homocidal maniac, now on PC!+ Good port with very nice graphics and loads of options in settings.+ Alright story, interesting characters, AMAZING voice acting.+ Good gunplay and a wide amount of guns.+ FPS mode is pretty f*cking good.+ Driving is pretty solid.+ Passable level design with a gigantic and vibrant open world.+ Lot's of freedom to go and f*ck around.+ Online is super fun with friends with a LOT of missions and activities.- The movement can be wonky and frustrating.- You die in like 5 shots. Armor only protects you from 2 of them, it's pretty much useless.- Too many longass loading screens.- Connection can be a hit or a miss.- When in heists, if one of the members crashes or disconnects, it's an auto fail and you have to restart the mission.- Some of the online missions are designed terribly.Solid 7/10, recommended with friends."
,Recommended,271590,18297487,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Flousunia,this game is fun
,Recommended,271590,15350186,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,MFINN23,"Put the game in first person for the best experience. So emersive I just walked around the city for hours not caring about missions. Played the original version on the 360 and I'm amazed at how much larger the city feels in first person. It's like you're walking around a real city, doesn't feel like just another zone in a video game."
76561198014659127,Recommended,271590,15476512,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,The Mogadon Moustache,"where do i start? other game developers must be crying in to their burritos about now. gta5 is so many games in one, its hard to quantify. 3rd person driving, shooting, sandbox, exploration, co op survival, mmo, moba...i could go on. then, when you're done quantifying it. change teh prefix to 1st person, and start all over again. so, thats the genre sorted, the gameplay? um, are you like me, in that you will pullover just short of the objective to finish listening to that song on the radio? yeah, you gonna be doing that again. do you sometimes walk the 2 blocks to the objective, or in fact just go for a walk around the city, just watching? yeah, you gonna be doing that again too. i'm not going to wax lyrical about stuff, buts its amazing. a true work of art. i've been out for a walk and have been overwhelmed by the detail. you really can feel the time and love people have put in to this game, and that dedication makes other developers look stupid, and arrogant. take a car for a fast drive, then get out and you will hear it pinking and ticking as it cools down. on cars, they are amazing. no real life manufacturer is going to license this game, but rockstar have blurred the lines between the cars in the game and their onvious real life counterparts. they are stunning, and the customization surpasses san andreas, if that concerns you at all. its goooooooooood. so, the shooting. yes the shooting. never really enjoyed the shooting bits in gta games. i don't like auto targeting, and switching between. gta4 was good with it, but 5 is better at that too. but, for those who want a true challenge, and true immersion, get it in 1st person. amazing. seamless. so, the story. deep. very deep. and disturbing, entertaining, funny, relevant, and above all, interesting. trevor really is a screwed up as i had imagined. the characters are believable, and the script is as good, if not better than other gta games. so, performance then. surely this is where gta5 falls down? gta4 ran like a 2 legged badger wrapped in a curtain. nope. runs like a champ. see attached vid below for a good idea, and some of my buddies are running it on less powerful machines, with no issues. it doesn't crash during a game, in fact it doesn't crash at all. not once, although i have encountered a bug where if you alt+tab out during story mode too many times, or change graphical settings too many times, the game becomes unrecoverable, or i get 'input not supported' on my monitor osd'. if you get this, go to your documents, rockstar games, gta5, and delete the settings file. all is fixed. also, do not try and play gta5 with steam in offline mode, as the rockstar launcher will not connect to the server, and will not launch the game. if you then go to steam and go online, the launcher will not recognize you are back online, and will not connect to server still. you will have to exit steam, and re-open. but, these aren't game crashes. i had no problems signing in to rockstar social club. connecting to friends online can require patience at times, but is always worth it. so then, online. is that any good? yes. heists are not simply 'do a bank job'. there are about 4 missions to do in total, 3 being set up mission, and the fourth is the heist. lots of fun. do it with friends. really. amazing. pvp is chaotic, but fun. i do think the guy you just killed should spawn a little further away from you though. it invites revenge a little too much, but the game runs the same as it does offline; like a champ. then there are plain co op missions to do, which are great. then theres races, and horde mode survival things. player created content coming out of your ears. it really is game of the decade for me. i don't think i can remember a game as good as this. as addictive, involving, beautiful, and downright hilarious as gta5. i am 35yrs old, and my first computer was a commodre64. i have seen all 'aaa' titles come and go. i saw the birth of sonic and mario. i bought virtua cop the day it came out. i am a battlefield veteran 7. i own every commander and conquer on disk. now i can add 'played gta5' to my gaming career. thank you rockstar for making the greatest game to date.        9,999,999,999/10my gta5 playlist, all vids in 1080p 60fps:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRdA17JHLxHsSRPgOqaVmADMEkoaNoN8s"
,Recommended,271590,15344708,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,er1kse,4k resolution is awesome in 60fps - I can only recomended this game ;)
,Recommended,271590,15400092,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,twistedmesses.,awesome game
76561198318926333,Recommended,271590,24604227,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,OPT!M!ST!C K!LL3R,Awesome and a-must get game
,Recommended,271590,15344352,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Manderville Man,I went into slow mo as a fat dude belly slided across my car windscreen.11/10also fo realz i hadz no launch issuez 60+ fps on near ultra settingz yo. no crashez or any shiz like that.
,Recommended,271590,15356294,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,I'll Vape For You,"Although I've played it through and through on the 360, it's great to be back in LS.Between the new Heists, and completely revamped graphics, Los Santos feels... right.Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,271590,17322750,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Havoc,It's fun
,Recommended,271590,17253079,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ku r o  ツ,"This game is awesome, you can do anything with friends and crew driver there car bust them. Driving bikes on mountains and smoking redwood is best :P. New updates to game introduces new cards hiest and guns and CLOTHS ^o^. I love playing gta V with friends connection doesn't occur at all."
,Recommended,271590,24149044,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,President Truman,"If you are thinking about buying this game for GTA Online, then don't. There are just way to many hackers to warrant it and Rockstar doesn't seem to be doing anything to fix it. However. the campaign is absolutely superb. Now I've never played a GTA game before, and I committed the ultimate sin by pre-ordering this game, but it was so worth it.The plot is a mixture of absurdly good fun and a few serious moments, with lots of laughs along the way. The three main characters are well written and likable, even if they are criminals, and each of them is fun to play. The open world that the developers have built is absolutely stunning, from the peak of Mount Chiliad to the depths of the ocean, all of which is explored through the campaign. The main missions and side missions are both insanely fun, especially the heists (both the planning for and the execution).The combat is fluid and fun as is the driving, however, flying a helicopter with a mouse and keyboard is perhaps the single most frustrating thing I've ever experienced (although maybe that's just me and my knobbly fingers). The vehicle upgrades and customization are really extensive. The radio stations are, in my opinion, one of the best parts, with a phenomenal amount to choose from - it really makes Fallout 4 pail in comparisonAs I said previously, GTA online is almost unplayable with the amount of hackers. But the UI is also a problem, it's really hard to navigate playlists and hard to find friends. Joining races or playlists can also be really buggy, I tried to do a heist but I couldn't join, but now Lester rings me every five minutes to give me details on the heist.All in all, the single player is superb, the multiplayer sucks, but this is a really good game. And even if it was delayed a lot, I'm glad the PC version turned out so well."
,Recommended,271590,24316637,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rick,"I've played many hours of GTA V on Xbox 360 when it was released, and then another load on PC too. In all that time I've had a blast.The single player is a lot of fun. Great story, fun characters, and a load of side stuff to do.Online is just mental. It's fantastic with friends, but you can also get a lot out of it on your own. Custom races, missions, heists, it's all here. Online is still very active so I would still highly recommend picking this up with some mates."
,Recommended,271590,15478724,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fujiwara no Mokou,"From the age of primary school i started playing Grand Theft Auto series.I even remember the first time that I saw it in the netbar,and i must admit the series fascinated me already.And i must say,as the fifth generation of the series,Grand Theft Auto has succeeded in carrying out an assignment.buy it,and enjoy it,you will never regret."
,Not Recommended,271590,32606617,Posted: 20 June,all,^9iSnIcKeRs518,GTA RIP WITHOUT MODS
76561198059357171,Not Recommended,271590,32568384,Posted: 19 June,all,Twice❤Gfriend,"RIP OpenIV.Dont' buy this,there is no point playing this game on PC without mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32568395,Posted: 19 June,all,Chriswinter13,Came here for mods
,Recommended,271590,18072765,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,King Arthur,"Grand Theft Auto V!A great open world game as the other Grand Theft Auto Series.The whole game could improve a lot more, with new stuff. But the patches take so much time to be released, the game launched in 17 of September of 2013. Today (17/09/15), the game completes exact 2 years that has been launched and it still with old stuff, the new stuff is not big deal. I mean, i still recommend this game because it is a lot of fun playing it...After playing a lot of this game, there is nothing more to do... (I have played it on the launch date on PS3)MORE PATCHES Rockstar. (more houses, mansions, new missions, new heists, new game modes, new stuff...)Of course, this game is so much great, except for this problem about patches, the game still very fun. If you have liked other grand theft auto series you really should buy this game."
,Recommended,271590,22264978,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Peanut,"Single-player is awesome and detailed! Not much to say really, just enjoy the small things in the game. You will be amazed with this imersive campaign. GTA Online is updated every now and then with new content. There are some really good missions to do and there are Heists that can be done as a 4-team... I would say it is better to play in a Closed Friend Session because the Public Online Servers have so many ""cheaters"" it gets really upsetting.. (randomly killed/blown up multiple times, trainer users, glitches, spam, etc.) It's the only downside that affected my Online experience..Anyway! I played around 1000+ hours by now and I recommend both Online and Single-player. (As both experiences are pretty different!) I give it an 8 out of 10. Please make an anti-cheat system or something!"
76561198120185402,Recommended,271590,15410624,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,HOTSHOT,The best game <3
,Not Recommended,271590,32462250,Posted: 15 June,all,anonymousgamer,"Love this game, but Take-Two can go ♥♥♥♥ itself with restricting mod usage in SINGLEPLAYER.  They don't even add new content to singleplayer.  So much awesome content graces the lands of GTA Online but none of it reaches singleplayer, and if you wanna spawn content from Online in singleplayer using mods, you're ♥♥♥♥ed now."
,Recommended,271590,16082971,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,☂ Mr Dingy ☂,"I say for this game just amused me, fascinated me and it is one of the games that just u can say wow they really put their afford in making it possible for us to play. Everyone must try it once out to see how good it is. For me its 10/10."
76561198066486220,Not Recommended,271590,32672568,Posted: 23 June,all,Bombzilla,Open IV. thanks dogs.
,Not Recommended,271590,32672563,Posted: 23 June,all,jumajova,what were you thinking. fix the mod situation or we'll fix the gta6 sales.
76561198078290603,Recommended,271590,32870008,Posted: 27 June,all,Hele,amazing game
,Not Recommended,271590,33207393,Posted: 3 July,all,NuckFChorris,"GTA 5 isn't what it used to be and I can't really recommend this game to anyone other than someone looking for a fun singleplayer story. Modding has destroyed both the online and offline portions of the game, since you can't use mods anymore for offline play and hackers are destroying any hope of fun in GTA Online.GTA Online is by far the worst part of this game. When it first launched on PC, that's all anyone was playing. Heists were amazing, the races were fun, and causing havok on the streets was hilarious. Since then, all Rockstar has done is release the same rehashed DLC over and over again in an attempt to force players to buy Rockstar's in-game currency for real money. The only way to make money outside of these microtransactions is to grind for weeks to be able to afford whatever car, house or yacht that you're wanting to purchase.If Rockstar put in some actual work and gave players an easy way to earn money in-game while providing interesting DLC content to play, I'd start playing again. But until then I'm gonna keep it off my hard drive to make room for better games."
76561198121088783,Not Recommended,271590,16386924,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tiko,"So at first R* fails to protect honestly players.And to complete the absurdityThe honest player is that banned most of the time.As I have seen in many cases, banishment is without reason!R* is arbitrary and does not respect the rights of players.You can only report individual hackers and not a hacked session.Most of the time you won't know who is hacking the session. And be warned, this GTA online hacking problem is notover exaggerated. It is unbelievably rampant. It's literally in nearly all sessions.Wanna do the new CEO, Biker, VIP (...) missions, prepare to have a modder take control of your vehicle and kill you, makinga lot hours of work in my jobs all times for nothing!!!!It will be some strategy as a trap to make the player be banned and this to buy the game again! I believe so!!I also went through this humiliation. In a year dlc of 2015 where the yatch was launched for purchase.I did not have enough money to buy Yatch.So to complete the amount I sold a few cars from my garage and the next day I got banned.This happened near Christmas.On Christmas 2016 without any reason I was banned again!Is it any kind of automatic banning schedule of the famous R * banwave !!!!!!I have a lot of friends in the game.I thought a lot about buying GTA5 again.But my conscience tells me not to compromise with something I think is wrong.The R * manages the game just so she can take advantage $$.He never thinks of the players, who plays honestly then just gets nervous.Friends I really like you very much but honestly I will not play any more GTA V.Who knows in a future version if they change the policy and rules for a real protectionto the good players and that it does not have these more punishments more ridiculous that only harms who plays honestly.Maybe I'll play again, but only under these conditions."
,Not Recommended,271590,32585073,Posted: 19 June,all,Jacurutu,Eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥I guess
76561197973396895,Not Recommended,271590,33209341,Posted: 3 July,all,Doppler,"Recently the publisher decided to update with new free DLC which is awesome. however they added in a bunch of things to the game that allow players to grief you like nobodys business, which is not awesome at all. I was helping a friend with an in game sale (mission) and this is where the problem is, a player with the new content can walk circles around you and destroy your goods with near impunity. furthermore while i was doing a similar mission in a solo session, the game glitched out and teleported me out of the delivery plane, which then promptly crashed as i was no longer there to pilot the aircraft. when i reported this issue to them, they basically told me i needed to have caught it on video in order for them to help me. so now you have all sorts of problems trying to make money legitimately in game, meanwhile they are more than happy to try and sell you shark cards for real money. this game is great and they have come a long way to make it better, but they miss 100% on trying to satisfy the legit players unless they are willing to fork out more cash."
,Recommended,271590,23359319,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Llamarino,GTAV is an abosolutly great game. There is somthing to appeal to everyone.Pros:-Great story-Fun to play-Multiplayer-Just the right amount of open world-Always somthing to do(lots of content)-good combat->Lots of weapons-Don't get tired of it-Humor on point-The rest is for you when you buy itCons:-Too many hackers
,Not Recommended,271590,32475585,Posted: 16 June,all,sora,The only reason this game withstood the test of time was because of mods. Nice going ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,271590,32742311,Posted: 24 June,all,Vognstrup,"SP is solid and I have a lot of great memories from GTA Online.However, only online DLC is made and only to push customers to buy their shark cards since there is no way you can buy all the stuff they release for currency you earn in-game. I don't mind supporting a game I like but it is really getting out of hand with their pricing for the new stuff.Deciding to completely ban SP mods just because the way SP and MP was made allows for hacking (P2P, no dedicated servers) is a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ move. If they didn't want this issue they shouldnt have been so greedy when creating their online gamemode.If you are only looking to play singleplayer without mods it might be worth it when it is on sale. Otherwise I cant recommend it"
,Not Recommended,271590,32639819,Posted: 22 June,all,Absolem,OpenIV protest review.Retract your invalid cease and desist immediately.  You bullies.
76561197994250196,Not Recommended,271590,32458368,Posted: 15 June,all,OsteriOssi,Killing mod support is unacceptable!
76561198072428050,Recommended,271590,15411055,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,evans274,This was well worth the wait!
76561198009060087,Recommended,271590,20224899,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,David,"Se você está vendo as analises, esqueça isso! COMPRE LOGO!if you're viewing the analysis, forget it! BUY IT!Total de horas de jogo = 800.Horas de jogo 500.Horas de loading 300.Hours: 800.Gameplay: 500.Loading: 300."
,Not Recommended,271590,32466917,Posted: 16 June,all,^TL DistortionUK farmskins.com,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ MODS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TIT ♥♥♥♥♥♥RIP MODDING♥♥♥♥ you taketwo
,Not Recommended,271590,32602789,Posted: 20 June,all,Micheech,"Now this is a story all about howGTA V got flipped-turned upside downAnd I'd like to take a minuteJust sit right thereI'll tell you how GTA V became the biggest steaming turd of a site called Steam-storeIn the northern UK born and raisedOn the store page was where GTA V spent most of it's daysChillin' out maxin' sellin' all coolAnd all having some fun outside of the schoolWhen a couple of guys who were up to no goodStarted making trouble in the modding-hoodThey got in one little fight and Take2 got scaredThey said, ""You're ceasin' and desistin' with your tool or we'll f**k you and that won't be so cool."""
,Not Recommended,271590,32517949,Posted: 17 June,all,Hopscotch,Take Two killed modding a few days ago. This is getting ridiculous.
76561198028401321,Not Recommended,271590,32648250,Posted: 22 June,all,ZAYTZU,"low income in GTA Online, more and more focus on Shark Cards, more grinding 4 money than actual fun in GTA Online and finally no mods...0/10"
,Recommended,271590,19414923,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,manchicken31,Killing hoes have ever been as much fun
76561198119548258,Not Recommended,271590,32520107,Posted: 17 June,all,Awesome Otter,"This is a game whose publishers attack single-player mods to drive players to a microtransaction-laden multiplayer to get a quick buck. It isn't enough for them to own the fourth-best selling game of all time behind Tetris, Minecraft, and Wii Sports. They need to leech money off the players who have already paid the full $60 so they can have even more of your money.Do not give Take Two and any company owned by them, such as Rockstar and 2K, the time of day."
,Recommended,271590,15368974,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,etp,runs good.
,Not Recommended,271590,32426004,Posted: 14 June,all,hostile_being,"In response to the publisher's decision to issue major GTAV modding community OpenIV a cease-and-desist letter, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.I believe that being able to mod your own game files is what makes the PC platform great, and by taking this course of action, Take-Two Interactive is actively harming their own property in the long-term.Read the letter from Take-Two on OpenIV's website here:http://openiv.com/?p=1324I will remove this negative review if Take-Two reverses this anti-modding policy and acknowledges the benefits that their biggest fans - the modders - have upon their game."
76561198092458962,Recommended,271590,24358310,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Breezy,Its Alot Of Fun
,Not Recommended,271590,22715867,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Dom,Mods were the only reason to continue playing this.
,Not Recommended,271590,32787142,Posted: 25 June,all,┼ Ptitkuro ┼,Grand Theft Money 5
,Not Recommended,271590,32554530,Posted: 18 June,all,Precipve,"Screw you Take Two. Never heard of a worse developer. Mods were one of the two things that kept this outdated game alive, and now they're gone. The second thing is multiplayer but i doubt there are worse MP games than this. Full of hackers, not mentioning that i lost access to my RG account 6 times already, not by my fault. Your response for the ticket came after 7 months!! And do you really think that taking down singleplayer mods will help you reduce the huge amount of hackers and cheaters in this awful multiplayer? Everyone just stay away from this game. Let it be comsumed completely by hackers and its toxic community."
76561198066689571,Not Recommended,271590,32791847,Posted: 25 June,all,abettaplayr,Take-Two have shot themselves in the foot
76561197974361998,Not Recommended,271590,32462790,Posted: 15 June,all,KNIGHTMARE077,"Its simple; Mods make games better, improve replay value , add content to games developers wont. Not to mention fix things developers ignore. After having lots of good people creating and improving things to this game as long as they have , spending their time and energy in it , on a game they love just to have the devolper etc come back 2 years after release and give a big middle finger to basically the fan base; I cant recommend this game or any other game from either Rockster or Take Two. They were already pretty heavy on DRM punishinshing paying customers , refuse to release any single player dlc after continued support for the idea and now this...the final nail in the coffin... News Flash: Without paying customers; your not going to be in buisness very long."
,Not Recommended,271590,32463798,Posted: 15 June,all,❬❬❬«G§A» Klovok,"It's a shame. This game looks great, plays great, in single player. Online is buggy, riddled with hackers, and a complacent company that won't do anything about the replayable portion of the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32972485,Posted: 28 June,all,Big Smoke,"I enjoy the gameplay so much, but... The banning is kinda bull, my friends are getting banned, every one is getting banned! I do not care that there are modders in this game. Infact, the modders make the game 10x better imo. Obviously the modders can be malicious too, but for the most part, server changing from time to time isn't soo bad. The thing is though, the nicer imo modders who can drop money are great, and here's why. The reasons there are so many modders dropping money is because people want the money! No one should have to spend 200 hours grinding from low level in a game to buy best Yacht, something that no one uses. And the yacht was poor example on my part but, not going to lie, I have spend over 120M in this game in modded money from other players, and that is in CAD 1500$ real life, big money. I don't even have everything, plus iv spent alot more, but decided =1500$ was a nice number. I will be honest, I enjoy the game so much more now that I have all the major things. This same reasoning applies to alot of people. They want to acctually game unlocked to them so they can enjoy themselves. They don't want to be stuck grinding or like 800+ hours of those lives, or spending like 1500$ CAD to unlock most things. It is ridiculous, this game is not real life guys, but it sure could was the alot of yours, and it's so tedious to keep replaying the top paying in game missions over and over, Rockstar is trying to push people so hard to buy thier stupid♥♥♥♥♥rip off shark cards, to give an example, that yacht I mentioned earlier, it would cost you 100$ CAD to buy the base best Yacht in game, and yacht just unlockd a few missions. This is why the prices in game need to be lower, or Rockstar will have to ban 90% of the people who acctually want to play, because they try to mod, and now that Rockstar is going so hard on modders, it's getting alot harder for people.I'm sorry this was put together do poorly, I typed it all my phone, but I'm trying to say, don't bother with this right now, it's a massive waste of your time since the new 1.40 update where you can't really get modded in money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32979192,Posted: 29 June,all,B A T T ¥,Take Two Suck My♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32636151,Posted: 22 June,all,fico_pico,"I used to want to play gta online,allthough not on pc because of the hackers and me not supporting them,but now things have changed,they removed mods and made the game grindier so you would buy more shark kards,i was okay with it until they removed mods and the ceo of take2 said although not in the same words that they werent miliking the players enough.Now when a hacker or modder offers you a million for free why not just...take2-originaly from bullet barry on youtube-original videolink:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4QCL0lUbCE&t=0s"
76561198126722450,Not Recommended,271590,33300371,Posted: 5 July,all,RebelShutze<3,Nibba Simulator 2k15 has no mods
,Recommended,271590,31450787,Posted: 29 April,all,Dadman,Do you really wanna have fun and play with your friends online? You can really have fun and play with your friends online. So get this game so that you can have fun and play with your friends online. Except for when your friends get banned for no legitimate reason and their terrible support system refuses to help and has a bot spewing the same generic responses.
,Not Recommended,271590,33137229,Posted: 2 July,all,[MPW] Cheesy_fof,">Installed GTAV for the first time in over a year>Turns out that hackers were running rampant>Played with my friends anyway, tediously grinding for money>""Rockstar Game Services have corrected your GTA Dollars by $-975653.""This game was hard enough to enjoy online as it was without the developers rendering all of my hard (and extremely tedious) work to make money utterly useless.They've made it almost mandatory to buy shark cards unless you somehow find grinding for months to buy something, only to find that it's utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥and pointless (the yachts for example) fun.So when the developers decide that ""Oh, the hackers are giving people money meaning they don't have to buy shark cards... I guess we better do something about it"" and proceed to nuke everybody's accounts regardless of whether they were ""hacked"" or not, you cna be damn sure I'm never installing this game again.They basically saw the hackers ""stealing money from them"" as a challenge and decided to ""steal"" money back from the playerbase.If you want to enjoy an online game, go elsewhere. There are plenty of other options on Steam and elsewhere where the developers don't let hackers ruin the game, then proceed to ruin the game further for honest players.I'm going to be brutally honest here;This game can burn in hell for all I care. Thats how rediculous this entire fiasco is.They couldn't be more anti-consumer if they tried."
,Not Recommended,271590,32557098,Posted: 18 June,all,han,More garbage anti-consumer moves by a greedy company that doesn't care about their customers
76561198325921681,Recommended,271590,31149419,Posted: 14 April,all,Aɴᴀsᴛᴀsɪᴀ,Only bought the game for the strip club.
,Not Recommended,271590,32594210,Posted: 20 June,all,Mark,Got game for the police RP. Not to steal cars or kill people all the time. Rockstar and it's parent company want to take that away. We should be able to get a refund if they take our mods away.
76561198012261776,Not Recommended,271590,20452918,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,J_Only_B_Only,"(STRICTLY FOR GTA ONLINE) Highly recommended that you have people to play with before playing online and match making is horrendous. If one person leaves your mission or hiest, the entire mission or hiest is disband and you have to wait like 2-3 minutes to load the ""freeworld"" map. Why is there not option to wait for another player to join?In my experience, half the time I try to do anything online that requires a team of more than 2 people, someone wants to GTA around during the mission and fail every single time. I understand its GTA but can we play like its not GTA and get stuff done?Story mode is amazing, but I bought this game specifically for the online gameplay; I am severely disaponited."
,Recommended,271590,16845503,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,dooby _dog,a man appeared out of nowhere with a minigun and shot me with moneybags
76561198025153403,Not Recommended,271590,16821071,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Wrawmon Newdole,"The single player part is just like any other GTA.  Enough said.  The start up splash takes forever to wait through (can't skip.  Rockstar NEEDS you to know you are playing a ROCKSTAR game and that it is just a game, even though you already knew that), then the game loads pretty snappy.The online part is just the worst.  Don't buy this game for online.Loading takes forever (My machine:  i7 4.4Ghz, Samsung SSDs, GTX 980, 75mbps down - 15mpbs up cable.  There isn't a single game, other than GTAV, that I own that I can't load up and be playing in less than 5-15 seconds).  Routinely takes me 1-2 minutes to connect and be set to play.  Anything you do except playing in that session requires another load cycle of 1-2 miutes.A quick, accurate, account of how your time is spent online:40% of your time ""loading"" (at least),35% ""waiting for players"" if you do the heists,10% dealing with mic spamming cheaters,15% actually playing the game online.No joke - I just got done ""playing"" for 2 hours and only spent 15 minutes actually playing..To give you an idea of how cluseless Rockstar is about online gaming:If you try to join a heist session that is full, you wait to connect (sometimes quick), then it tells you it is full, then you wait to load into a different open-world session....Yes, It logs you out of your current open-world session to check if the heist session you wanted to join is full.  If it is not full, you end up waiting 10-20 minutes for the invite/find players to find anyone who even wants to do heists anymore.  If it is full you wait 1-2 minutes while you reconnect to a completely different open-world session.The record times in online races (that would take a minimum of a minute or more) are just a few seconds to 15 seconds.  Rockstar doesn't care.3 out of 4 open-world sessions you log into contain ~blatant~ cheaters.  If you kill a cheater fairly, they start teleporting bombs to all the players and killing everyone in the session like a little baby.  Or they turn on all kinds of crazy weapons and just ruin you, like being able to fire rockets from cars, blow you up directly, etc...  Rockstar doesn't care.You will run into more frustration than fun.Once you give up your money for this game, Rockstar doesn't care."
,Not Recommended,271590,16774765,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,f.m.,"Game crashed every few minutes despite having more than sufficient hardware. Tried reinstalling twice, lowered settings, etc. Could barely get into the story. Was fun and looked good, but the crashing was a huge disappointment. Some other people have had this issue and I don't really know of a definite fix. Thankfully it was refunded by Steam, so thanks for that volvo."
,Recommended,271590,15348331,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mr. Nick,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvPfa4Ir05U
,Recommended,271590,23515262,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,sunny (JT),Amazing game worth buying
,Not Recommended,271590,32551918,Posted: 18 June,all,Dio Brando,**** YOU Take2! I WANT MY MODS BACK YOU ********!
76561198218071644,Recommended,271590,19445596,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Snorlax,"Yes and no, very very fun but the hackers on the servers are just.. Killing the game!They kill everyone in a server, they always cheat on games, challenges, advisary modes, etc."
76561198331600842,Not Recommended,271590,30776448,Posted: 27 March,all,DEADIPOOLERS,i got ♥♥♥♥ig banned for nothing but parmenetly
76561198063720883,Not Recommended,271590,32580055,Posted: 19 June,all,John Kozak,"GTA Online was fun and playable when first released, playing missions with friends and making decent cash. Now to buy anything to actually play the content in Online, you have to grind your way through countless hours of grinding, or pay for shark cards and throw your money at Rockstar.Now they have gone and destroyed the modding community that has helped keep this game relevant.Congratulations Rockstar on breaking the last straw and ruining a good game through greed.TL:DR Grind hours for cash or pay real cash to instantly aquire anything"
76561198064079816,Recommended,271590,17179999,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Bishuu,"This game is very open and I understand why it took so long for them to release it. I must say the story and the gameplay is very well done and  everything in this game is beatufully made. The landscape, the characters and there's so much more. I love all the main characters. Michael Is my favourite though :) I loved playing the game so much I didn't want the story to end. I'm not very good in rating but I would recommend this game if you like open world, shooting, driving and doing lots of missions. This is definately one of my favourite games of all time! 10/10 <3"
,Not Recommended,271590,15968288,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,⭐ ＶＯＤＫＡ ⭐,No mod? Puck you Rockstar...
,Not Recommended,271590,32615720,Posted: 21 June,all,Witsand,"good idea to ban the only thing keeping the game alive, please dont take too long to unban mods"
,Not Recommended,271590,32434627,Posted: 15 June,all,:3,Take Two removing mod support so you buy the microtransactions in Online
,Not Recommended,271590,15372162,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Hot Pocket,give me mods or give me death
,Not Recommended,271590,32459676,Posted: 15 June,all,Yama,"Online play has been rampant with cheaters and thus virtually unplayable in pubs since the game came out over two years ago, but Take Two has dedided now is the time to crack down on single player mods instead.  This is also two years after Rockstar has openly been cool with mods.  I won't be buying anymore Take Two garbage.http://www.gamerevolution.com/features/336577-take-two-destroys-grand-theft-auto-modding-tool-killing-one-best-assetsDon't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429872,Posted: 15 June,all,Evil Roach,"Well Because Just saying some Words is kinda not really helping.The Reason why even tho i love this game i give a negative Review now is Take Two's Decison to Ban Open IV from being Further Developed.The Reason Many People bought this game on Pc was that its being Modable and by taking that Approach to get Cheaters or whatever was bugging in GTA Online was wrong.So many great mods and Great Cinematic Makers are now Screwd and cant proceed to make awesome things for everyone to enjoy.I played the Game on Xbox 360 then Bought as i got an Xbox One and  when i came out for Pc i was so happy to be able to play mods.To have the abillity to play as a Policeman,have new Heist in singleplayer or just have cool new weapons and cars.But now we cant anymore and i have to reason to keep playing this game or even support it anymore.I dont mind if some people say its laughable of me to say i am not gonna play it anymore.But i will not.Not till we get our mods back and the guys who spend 10 years of their life in OpenIV are allowed to Continue.Thanks for reading."
76561198227272372,Recommended,271590,22530626,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Hawkeye,"When it comes to Rockstar Games, this is certainly their best game by far! Great, large open worlded map to explore, with loads of details and scenery to keep you occupied along the way. GTA V is a huge step up from the previous game of GTA IV which was put together poorly, and was not very successful in any area. Rockstar strive to bring us more content all the time, which is outstanding and makes the game really enjoyable! Overall, the storyline and GTA Online are awesome. The only downside to Online is that Rockstar Games are quite strict when it comes to using mods in multiplayer, so I would strongly advise you don't try using mods in multiplayer as you'll get a nice ban! Very enjoyable game, price is just right!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32460319,Posted: 15 June,all,mirby-kun,"I have uninstalled gta 5 becuase of what you did to the modding community and the way you treat singleplayer.  I will now see take two the same way I see EA and ubisoft, ♥♥♥♥ you take two."
76561198089338752,Recommended,271590,17798918,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ned Stark,"Short review+ Story (3 playable characters)+ Side activities+ First Person Mode+ Finally tunning of cars is back+ Gta Online (heists, adversary modes, playing with friends)+ Finally planes, helicopters are back+ Mods (or better say Wild West is back)+ Graphics (one of the best looking games in 2015)+ OptimizationCons- Missing activities such as gyms, more hair, beard styles for Michael and Trevor, girlfriends (cableways and trains will not replace them!), be FAT or skinny :D- Cheaters/Hackers in Gta Online- After you finish story missions and the side missions, you don't have so much to do then, except collecting enviroment or trying mods.- Franklin (Maybe I'm too old for constant vulgarism?)- Loadings"
,Not Recommended,271590,32553975,Posted: 18 June,all,MeanMichael,"Bought game at launch played for about a year was banned for modding. bought second copy on different account was banned for having money forced spawned on me, waited out the ban was greated with my level 127~ character wiped so i start a new got a CEO office pretty quick. I ended up getting in a lobby with another hacker forcing money upon me. i immediatly leave the session and report it on rockstars support forum. next day I log on and am greated with a ""you have been permanently banned from GTA Online"". Believe me I love this game. It may be my favourite. for gods sake i payed over 120$ to play it. and they do this. to all other modders and people un rightfully banned like me i sympathize with you. i am legitimatly thinking about making a support group so we can all grieve over the loss of our beloved game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472132,Posted: 16 June,all,meharryp,"Great game, afwul publisher. If you're still playing this and you play online, get FiveM, you'll have much more fun."
,Not Recommended,271590,32518482,Posted: 17 June,all,Winters,"Sorry guys, you ♥♥♥♥ed up. I've been a long-time GTA fan and used to play SA:MP and MTA:VC all the time back in the days. GTA on PC was meant to be played with mods, that's exactly what made it so powerful, and now you're banning mods completely? That's not how you treat PC gamers man. Shame on you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32542851,Posted: 18 June,all,'i_3obD,For mods
,Not Recommended,271590,15386223,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Bagman,Simply ♥♥♥♥ Take two
,Not Recommended,271590,15439105,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Metal Socks,Bethesda: Man that whole paid mods thing was the worst thing to ever happen when comes down to modding!Take-Two Interactive: Hold my beer.
,Not Recommended,271590,32536685,Posted: 18 June,all,Mana,well everyone is doing it sooo :3
,Recommended,271590,15347531,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Nuberino,"AMAZING PC Port !! Runs butter smooth @ 1920x1080 on my GTX 970 with almost all the bells and whistles turned on (and it does offer a huge variety of video options). The graphical fidelity is outstanding -esp. for an open world game. I am very happy they didnt dumb it down unlike so many other contemporary PC ports. Beware of the ~ 60 GB download / hard disc space requirement though. The game also seems to be using up almost all of my 4096 MB Video memory. So if you have a mid range pc, I suggest disabling Anti Aliasing and turning the texture quality sliders down a notch to ensure smooth gameplay. I'm not even gonna waste time reviewing the actual gameplay/storyline as this game has been out on consoles for almost 2 years now. But for us PC players it was certainly worth the wait. brb overclocking my GPU so i can crank up the MSAA even more ... #JustMasterRaceThings"
,Recommended,271590,18641461,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bane Warden,"Come on, it's GTA...what else do I need to say?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32517519,Posted: 17 June,all,Joakes,m
,Not Recommended,271590,32733676,Posted: 24 June,all,Astolfo,"On behalf of everyone that liked modding, screw you, Take Two."
,Recommended,271590,27135909,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thrundle,Best open world game of a lifetime
,Not Recommended,271590,32428608,Posted: 15 June,all,Captain Lord Nigel,Stop
,Not Recommended,271590,32422196,Posted: 14 June,all,Hera,"Will update once Take Two situation is resolvedEDIT: Modding is once again legal. I will not be updating the ""No"" in this review just yet because I am just not sure that it is a good practice to give thumbs up to a company and publisher that got themselves in sucha PR nightmare."
,Not Recommended,271590,32534800,Posted: 18 June,all,broconut,Rockstar proves once again they only care about $$$ and hate modding
,Recommended,271590,15356317,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,nothing will be forgotten,The BEST open world game on PC!
,Not Recommended,271590,32724426,Posted: 24 June,all,The Tea Kettle,If you dont let us have mods. We will not let you have our money. Dont bother releasing new DLC.
76561198006003555,Not Recommended,271590,28368518,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,T H O M,"Good single player, horrible unfun multiplayer and they are completely neglecting what made GTAIV so great, the single player DLCs."
76561198081337241,Not Recommended,271590,32558479,Posted: 18 June,all,iClassy,no more modding :(
,Not Recommended,271590,32620415,Posted: 21 June,all,MC Wrongin,"Scum of the earth, im gonna be sick"
,Recommended,271590,15352223,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Thurbinator,All this game is driving around and blowing up people. Or you are getting blown up. Really you are going to die a lot or you are going to kill a lot.
,Not Recommended,271590,32580526,Posted: 19 June,all,Minimum ∞,"I originally bought this game to play single player with mods, just like I have done with every other GTA since GTA 3.  Sadly, this is now an impossibility.  Shame on you Take-Two for killing a game that has brought me hours of fun."
,Not Recommended,271590,32512875,Posted: 17 June,all,Salared,Take 2 wants your money
,Not Recommended,271590,32432560,Posted: 15 June,all,Core,So modding is now essentially illegal. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32533887,Posted: 18 June,all,Rolle,Cashgrab online mode and now banning single player mods. Do not recommend.
76561198063872270,Not Recommended,271590,32537998,Posted: 18 June,all,Danny1828,"Decent singleplayer, terrible to mediocre multieplayer at best, awful grind and now with the C&D of openIV there is not much good left.Go sign this if you havent already:https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32460309,Posted: 15 June,all,Zeure,Sending a cease and desist to the makers of OpenIV? The people who freely give up their time to make your games playable?Over unfounded security claims?Disgraceful.
,Not Recommended,271590,26414760,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,reborn,so boredddd
76561198058150116,Not Recommended,271590,32428931,Posted: 15 June,all,JR,"What's that? I'm not allowed mods in GTA V? I'm not allowed to use mods for a version of GTA V I SPECIFICALLY BOUGHT FOR THE ONLY REASON OF USING MODS?! Oh well, back to Skyrim then."
,Not Recommended,271590,32428891,Posted: 15 June,all,"Abbie ""Hollask""","Well, take two is screwing over modding, so that's a no."
,Not Recommended,271590,32428948,Posted: 15 June,all,Click,OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32513842,Posted: 17 June,all,Best Draven NA,"Not only is the Online a piece of pay-2-win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, now they've tried to ♥♥♥♥ up the single player by killing what essentially amounts to the entire modding community. You've ♥♥♥♥ed up Rockstar. Enjoy the overwhelmingly negative reviews on the single largest seller of PC games."
,Recommended,271590,32862424,Posted: 27 June,all,Montague,"After OpenIV has been resupported I see no reason to hop on the hate-train, Rockstar listened to the fans and allowed singleplayer mods after all.The game has been pretty fun recently after coming back, the online isn't as cancerous as some people make it out to be. My only gripe is the huge grind for any decent money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32432098,Posted: 15 June,all,Recon John,"Well well well... Take-Two have made modding in, pretty much, most of their games ""illegal"" and have banned them, including the literal backbone of GTA modding, 'OpenIV'... Oh, Take-Two, how you've dungoofed.Here's a tip: Do not touch this garbage microtransaction-ridden hellhole until they resolve this crap. By removing mods, they're basically shooting themselves in the foot, sales-wise, for all of their singleplayer games to come, unless they backpedal like idiots.Also, Take-Two have recently bought Kerbal Space Program, and the company making it, Squad. If they stop mods for that... I'd like to be there when it happens... Because Take-Two are not going to enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,271590,32474148,Posted: 16 June,all,Dwight,Giving Grand Theft Auto V a negative review due to the negative stance on mods.
,Recommended,271590,32848262,Posted: 27 June,all,Dax,I love this awsome game! Its an awsome game for people who love driving around crazy and drifting!
,Not Recommended,271590,15585100,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,RaptoR,Now that Take Two has banned singleplayer modding which didnt have anything to do with online cheating (OpenIV even had preventative measures to make sure it couldn't be used online) I can with 100% certainty not recommend this game.The story was fun to play and all but...Online is a massive grind to buy literally anything (even clothes are inhumanly expensive)You could still have fun when playing with friends on a private session but thats about it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32541463,Posted: 18 June,all,lego67,Take-Two's stance on custom mods is horrible and if you combine that with the default lackluster gameplay of GTA V I can honestly not recommend it.
,Recommended,271590,25928407,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Anbertrandt,Drove over a hooker and she got stuck on my windshield10/10
76561198152683707,Not Recommended,271590,32442287,Posted: 15 June,all,༼つಠ益ಠ༽つ ─=≡ΣO)) AutoPsychosis,The online experience is hollow and now they're killing single player moding as they're not monetising per user enoughI've bought this game thrice at full price and apparently if i want to spend my third single player campaign blowing up chickens that's not allowedTake Two can suck it0/5 StarsNo single player dlc now lacking any replayabilityMicro Transaction Hell Ridden Online Filled with hackers regardless of Take Two's Scumbaggery
,Not Recommended,271590,32576201,Posted: 19 June,all,Bingo,"RIP mods, you will be remembered..."
,Recommended,271590,15362689,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Tam Lieu,The best pre-order decision i ever made !
,Recommended,271590,20847306,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Kalinka [!],(y)
,Not Recommended,271590,27980857,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ben Powell,"Take Two and Rockstar just want your money. Cease and Desist my a$$ hole. Bring OpenIV back #RIP Modding #RIP GTA #RIP GTA RP #RIP LSPDFR #Everything about GTA V. Good Luck with that one rockstar and take two, you just ♥♥♥♥ed up big time. WE WANT MODDING BACK, WHEN DO WE WANT IT, NOW!!! Give us modding back, apologise to OpenIV then we'll start playing your♥♥♥♥♥♥game again. But for now... I'm out."
,Not Recommended,271590,32566547,Posted: 19 June,all,Trolluc,Give me my mods you cucks
,Not Recommended,271590,32636113,Posted: 22 June,all,ripik,"Modding completely removes, one of the most important aspects of the GTA franchise.Nice job ♥♥♥♥wads."
,Not Recommended,271590,32421085,Posted: 14 June,all,JunkyMonkey,OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32653635,Posted: 22 June,all,Amiral7224,"Take Two Interactive has just filed a DMCA takedown with the makers of OpenIV, a popular scripthook needed for modding the single player. While OpenIV itself blocks a connection to the multiplayer when mods are enabled, Take Two are dismissing this and insist that OpenIV is promotion online ""hacks"" (mods); while claiming they want to support the modding community."
,Not Recommended,271590,32571580,Posted: 19 June,all,Gwyndi the Pooh,"Jesus Christ, Take-Two. If you're the head of all this, then use your goddamn head."
,Not Recommended,271590,32435303,Posted: 15 June,all,Bandaid,Take away the mods and the replay is gone and they just want more of my money.
,Not Recommended,271590,32431265,Posted: 15 June,all,LividCerval,Take two says that they arw combating online hacks/cheats and yet they decided to shut down a mod that doesnt even let you go online if its installed... It seems take two is trying to strong arm people into playing online and paying more (for a game most of us bought more than once) instead of having the option to mod single player.I used to really enjoy this game.sucks.
,Recommended,271590,15343627,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,pp4 #Years of Tears,Managed to get married and divorced during decoding.11/10 WOULD PRELOAD AGAIN!
,Not Recommended,271590,32609142,Posted: 20 June,all,Agent 53,I LOVE the single player story to this game. I DESPISE Take two interactive. This game should not still be 59.99$ it's been years and they have added no singleplayer DLC or content to speak of while they keep cranking their micropayments in horribly optimized online. Now take two decided to ban a single player offline modding tool and used their fancy lawmen at that. So now no one can make fresh single player content. Oh well. Buy it on sale if you want an awesome single player story which really spoke to me as a person when I first played it. Online can burn in a fire for all the toxicity it represents. It is an exemplar of everything screwy in the video game industry at large.
76561198088851635,Not Recommended,271590,32537041,Posted: 18 June,all,Denis,"T2 has totally ♥♥♥♥ed over the GTA community, and I won't be surprised if it dies out, there is basically no enjoyment with singleplayer now and it's clear now that all R* wants now is money from the damn Shark Cards, so buy if you want but I wouldn't recommend at all."
76561197994358795,Not Recommended,271590,31370087,Posted: 25 April,all,HA,"I had fun playing this game multiplayer when it first came out, despite the fact that hackers ran rampant on everywhere. It took Rockstar a while to take action about the ridiculous amount of hacking, but eventually they did and as far as I know its been under control since then.  It's definitely what you want from a GTA game: great graphics, lots of weapons, driving and piloting mechanics are well-executed. The one big complaint I have about the gameplay is the way your avatar moves on foot: it is incredibly awkward. As in, you run like a gimp with two left feet and no toes. I guess they were trying to make movement on foot somehow more realistic, instead it just makes you feel slightly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all the time, like walking with the shoelaces on your shoes tied to each other. Definitely not fun, but I was able to overlook it.I ground for in game cash long enough to buy 3 luxury apartments with 10-car garages and filled all those garages will fully-customized vehicles. One of my favorite activites was just pimping out my vehicles at the mod shop. The vehicle customization is varied-enough that you can do many different looks with each vehicle, and was one of the primary reasons for me to go hunting for cash to spend. I enjoyed customizing so much I put a few dollars of my real-world cash into the game to buy some additional in game money. Not a lot, but anything that comes out of my hard-earned paycheck means a lot to me, even $20.After playing for awhile, real life intruded on me and I got busy for awhile. I set the game aside fully intending to come back again, but it ended up being just about year before I took the game up once again. And when I did, I loaded into my online save game to discover that a little more than half of my collection of pimped-out vehicles had vanished from my garage.At first I thought my account had been hacked. A very brief internt search revealed that this was not the case; in fact, with one particular update Rockstar introduced a bug that wiped out a lot of peoples' garaged vehicles. In my case, 18 vehicles just went *poof* and vanished. Its important to note here that even vehicles that are very cheap to purchase initially can have a million dollars of in-game cash in upgrades and mods. Those 18 vehicles all had personal touches that made them dear to me, and they represented many millions of dollars spent and many tens of hours of grinding for cash.I reached out to Rockstar technical support for help with this issue. And I was told that if I could supply a list of the vehicles I had lost, they would be replaced. No mention made of the money spent on upgrades, just the option to get the vanilla vehicles back and grind for millions of dollars of customizations all over again. That would have been annoying enough, but the bigger problem for me was that I had been away from the game too long to remember what all those 18 cars actually were. I explained that to tech support: how am I supposed to recall every vehicle that was in my garage a year ago?And that was when they showed their true colors at Rockstar. ""Oh, so sorry, but if you can't give us a list of what you lost exactly, there's nothing we can do for you."" So, Rockstar releases a bug that breaks my online account, and then puts the burden on me to sort it out and make it halfway right again.I'm very disappointed to say that I will never play this game, or any GTA title, again. And that is a real shame. I have been a GTA fan since the first game. I have owned a copy of every GTA game ever made, either on PC or console (in some cases, like Vice City and GTA 4, I actually own both the console and PC verions). I even have a copy of GTA: London 1969 for the original Playstation. It hurts to part ways from a franchise that I have really loved for so long, but this situation just pushed my F U button really hard and I can't get over it. For a company to take such a nonchalant attitude to screwing over its customers is unforgiveable in my opinion, and Rockstar has permanently lost a loyal fan.Good game by a horrible company. Customer service matters to me, and for that R* gets a big thumbs-down."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448500,Posted: 15 June,all,Firestw152,Instead of working on that single player DLC they promised years ago they try suing the people making their game more fun with mods. Xd
,Not Recommended,271590,32420098,Posted: 14 June,all,SCUMFUCK!,"To make things clear, I like gta V. Hell, I nearly have 2000 hours on it making my total playtime over 2 and 1/2 months. My, ""beef"" is the multiplayer and the practices of the company who made it.Online mode started out fine, it added content with DLC that was managable. Anyone could get the things in it. Then the first time they said, ""F**k you!"" to the fans. That was when they added the gold helicoptor for 5000000, and the gold plane for 10000000. Nobody could get that unless they hacked or paid for ingame money, which is the reason they do this. For the last year and more all DLCs did was add some clothes for regular people then things that costs so much money that it's nearly impossible to get it without hacking or buying ingame money.Now with singleplayer, I play singleplayer almost exclusively now due to the reasons listed above, and it gets more and more obvious that Rockstar doesn't care about singleplayer. At first, when DLCs came, a lot of the content was added to singleplayer as well, that would be the vehicles, the guns, and some more. For over a year now they have not added anything to singleplayer.And the lies, Rockstar said before the game came out on any platform, that their would be singleplayer expansions. They said it after it was released as well, and they said it again after that, and they keep saying it. They said that it would already be out far before now. But nothing. No singleplayer DLC because Rockstar thinks it can milk more money out of little kids stealing daddys credit card to buy ingame money, then to actualy bring an expansion that the fans would pay for to play new missions of GTA V's amazing singleplayer.TLDR: Unless you only want it for singleplayer, or are a hacker who knows how you wont get banned, or are extremely rich and you are willing to sink a f**kton of money into anything, then DON'T BUY THIS GAME.If they add a good singleplayer DLC or addon then I will happily change my review."
,Not Recommended,271590,15404526,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Randy,wers my balad of gay tony at??1
,Not Recommended,271590,32573393,Posted: 19 June,all,Salty Pikachu,I won't support their games again. Money hungry stupid Take-Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32547506,Posted: 18 June,all,Crazy Marc,"No modsNo singleplayer DLCNo multiplayer DLC that isnt trash in agesStill charging £40 for the base game two years on, despite having made literal billionsStill charging a ♥♥♥♥ tonne for shark cards, despite having made literal billions♥♥♥♥ Take Two, ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32582771,Posted: 19 June,all,「ѦuroБoros」,"I hardly played this game outside of single player and Take Two shuts down a modding tool that literally only works in single player just to boast that they did something about hacking in GTA Online. It did quite literally nothing, No GTA hacks I've seen utilized OpenIV at all, and it shows. Hackers have been just as rampant as they always are. Honestly, I imagine they did this in some crappy attempt to force players to play Online more, and have all the microtransaction BS shoved down their throats.Congrats, Take Two Interactive, you played with fire and ended up burning most of your consumer base."
,Not Recommended,271590,20236732,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Reuben,now get the ♥♥♥♥ outta here!
76561198256992858,Not Recommended,271590,32449237,Posted: 15 June,all,AnEpilepticApple,I would. But ♥♥♥♥ Take Two
,Not Recommended,271590,15569061,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,_.Rastafari.26_,"Rockstar games appears to be treating the PC community of GTA V like♥♥♥♥♥♥ This review isn't just for the modding controversy that's going on right now, it's for those who have been banned in GTA: Online for no reason at all and some people have lost a lot of time because of rockstar games. Time cannot be bought again and no one will purchase your shark cards.Modification is an important factor of PC gaming, if you get rid of the option to modify your game then chances are you will not only recieve a lot of backlash but your game will economically fail, even if you have made a massive profit off of the sales a lot of people will not be happy with the current product and will boycott your company in the future. As a modder of games, I am appauled to hear that Rockstar has decided to throw a fit and ban modifications in the game.Also, the GTA V port on PC was never good anyway and people with a tough machine know this. People can probably get 60 fps playing Crysis 3 on ultra with a good rig but that same good rig may not be able to run this ♥♥♥♥fest that Rockstar has ported onto PC. Rockstar get a ♥♥♥♥in grip mate"
,Not Recommended,271590,32516411,Posted: 17 June,all,Oreo,"I have a LOT of hours in this game.  Most of it has been fun.  The single player version of this game is fantastic.  Sadly, Rockstar has turned into a largely money hungry company and ruined the online play.  Everything is pay to win now.   Every update they release tons of new content, which is awesome.  The new content would cost you over 1000 dollars of REAL MONEY to get all the items.   I was lucky enough to have a lot of spare cash from previous events and such to get SOME of the new items, but it would take you a very very long time to get enough money to buy any of the items legit.I do wish rockstar would focus on adding some more single player content.  I also wish they would stop harassing the modding community and let them have their fun.  The reason this game is still popular on steam is from the modding commnunity."
,Not Recommended,271590,32479442,Posted: 16 June,all,[LlamaMasterRace]Maxi1134,Used to recommend it. Can't recommend it anymore as they are trying to take down modding! DO NOT BUY!
,Recommended,271590,19244345,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Fastjackie ツ,"I think it is a good game, get to experience some fun missions, but the flying controls can be better because their just plain crap, also lobbies are fludded with modders, some of them are cool and like to hang out but most of them just blow you up and mess with the whole server. If your buying it I recommend buy it on sale because $70 is a high price for a game that came out like a year ago on other platformes. Overall I give it a 7/10"
76561197995308892,Not Recommended,271590,32622673,Posted: 21 June,all,Plokmijn27 (n64 controller only),Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
,Not Recommended,271590,17938843,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,shameless af,SUPPORT OPENIV TEAM! ♥♥♥IT WAS REALLY PLAYABLE WITH MODS AND YOU RUINED IT! ROCKSTAR! BRING MOD SUPPORT OR YOU WILL GET MORE BAD REVIEWS YOU HAVE EVER GET!gta5-mods.com
76561198005283699,Not Recommended,271590,32583446,Posted: 19 June,all,Bodhi's Pool Repair,"Have you finished the Singeplayer and want to enhance your game with mods to get more out of it? Don't you dare having fun with GTA 5! Take 2 is going after the modding tool Open IV via a Cease and Desist. I bought it for PC only for the modding possibilities, despite having it on console and now that Take 2 and R* have collected their money from users like me, they ban mods.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYApM6kWzqoSingleplayer is alright, I prefer GTA 4. Multiplayer is abysmal and GTA 5 deserved a negative rating for it before they banned mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,32486960,Posted: 16 June,all,Robbon,Shame.
,Not Recommended,271590,15344879,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,It Gearsy,♥♥♥♥ TakeTwo and Rockstar.
,Recommended,271590,15366340,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,.tv/FeelsBrudMan,Ran a police officer over and failed my heist. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,33644901,Posted: 18 July,all,Mr. Krab,"I got banned for my account being Stolen and used to mod, The day I got it back I was perm banned So  yeah, Other then That its a pretty fun game"
,Not Recommended,271590,32527835,Posted: 17 June,all,The Dark Knight,Take Two's practices are shady and will not go unnoticed.
,Recommended,271590,20097493,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,HOMOZONED,i hate it
,Not Recommended,271590,16676357,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,p1nkles,"Truthfully this game is great, but GTA:O has major issues, someone killing me resulting to me destroying their personal vehicle and paying? wtf devs isnt the point of the game the opposite of that. also hackers everywhere and what is up with that greedy move devs ? bumping the price up for the sale... are u mad?. Singleplayer was overall great but the game has wierd performance issues that was resulted after patches."
,Not Recommended,271590,16719089,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Toe of the Camel,"Fun game with a few bugs to say the least. My biggest issue with the game at this moment is that Rockstar needs to focus less on banning people for single player mods and actually ban the hackers who are in every single freemode lobby that ive been in for the past month.Edit: This game is now completely unplayable since the Executives update. I played it a hour before the update with no issue, but post patch the game spends over half the time frozen with a second of control here and there before another immediate freeze. All I got from rockstar support was the usual crap of update your drivers blah blah blah ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I did all the trouble shooting imaginable and still the game is broken.Honestly I love the game but when you have a game you love that you cant play its worse then no game at all."
,Not Recommended,271590,32521989,Posted: 17 June,all,K4g4m1,No mod support. No singleplayer DLC and microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,271590,32469398,Posted: 16 June,all,Magic Bananas!,"Rockstar and Take2 (the companies who own the GTA IP) have really done nothing but proven themselves to be user-hostile greedy businessmen with the release of this game. Please allow me to enumerate just a smidge of the countless issues that have come from this game's four-year lifespan, in chronological order.1) Console Exclusivity - multiple delays for PC release.All of the PC gamers who were excited for the fifth rendition of the GTA franchise were put on hold a number of times - delaying the release of the PC version of the game by 2 whole years after the original release on the XBox and PS3 in 2013.2) Post-release game development issuesLoading screens for this gigantic (70gb+ game) last into the 10s of minutes, even with it being loaded on my SSD in my $1200+ rig and my 400Mbps+ internet. That is for EVERYTHING. Going into online itself, joining races, heists, your apartment, etc. This is not a localized issue, I see this complained about everywhere. Adding to the overall clunkiness of the online scene of this game is the poorly developed netcode for the online mode. Rockstar used a meshnet-esque connection type instead of localized dedicated servers because running servers is expensive. The choice of using such a connection means almost all checks for hacks and cheats for multiplayer are client-side (essentially meaning anyone can gain access to cheats for this game with little to no experience required.)3) Singleplayer not being on-par with multiplayer.There are multiple examples of this but one that is very prominant is the fact that you cannot get the Hydra (a very popular jet) in singleplayer. The Hydra is only found in the Online mode.4) In-game-text is censored.I have and always will be baffled by the absurdity of this part. You cannot say any sort of curse word in the game's text chat. They are automatically censored. You also cannot say rockstar or R* or any major online  company in the chat. I find it so bewildering that a rated M game featuring hookers, strip clubs, extreme violence, and even cutscenes with those same banned curse words in them would not allow players to communicate with each other in such a way. This doesn't seem like a big deal, but you cannot even say something like West Virginia without it being censored. Why? Because 'virgin' is a naughty word, according to rockstar. My personal opinion of this is that it is a cash grab - it allows parents to feel safe that their 12 year old is playing a game because ""other people aren't saying naughty things to them"". Just a possibility.5) Toxic community.Adding onto my previous point, the fanbase for this sort of game is a bunch of hormonal 14 year olds who have no maturity and make their only goal in the game to upset you as much as possible. I can't even explain how many times I have had to use the ""Find New Session"" button only to be joined with a new lobby containing even more toxicity or even the same people who were bothering me before. It's awful.6) Microtransactions and pure cash-grabs.Users who play this game will find everything to be extremely overpriced. 1 million dollars in this game can get you one low-end apartment. No cars. No decent weapons, etc. How much does it cost in real money to get 1 million in-game? $20 (well, $19.99). The ""shark cards"" in this game cost up to $100usd and can give you up to $8 million. Earning money in this game is extremely difficult and time-consuming. a full set of heists (around 4 hours of gameplay) will earn you around $700,000. Insanity. Rockstar and Take2 are all about double-dipping into their consumer's wallets with this game, having microtransactions on top of a $60 (despite it being 4 years old) game.7) All steam sales have been screwy with this game.Rockstar has never let this game dip below $39.99. When it goes on sale, instead of lowering the price, they just bundle in $1mil in-game money and call it good. This, combined with microtransactions, and the fact that it was released on console for full price and then on pc for full price just creates a triple-dip that Rockstar and Take2 have been loving to take advantage of.8) This game is filled with constant hackers.Rockstar and Take2 have further proven their apathy when it concerns customers by their actions about online hacking in the game. Hacking is so prevalent that I have had only about 1 in 6 sessions where there is NOT a hacker present in the game. Hackers have full control over everything, including wiping your hard-earned cash and cash that you have paid for via shark cards(for good, thanks to the awful netcode and development for the online platform of this game), killing you, crashing your game and/or computer, DDoSing you, and more.9) Take2 has sent Private Investigators to mod creator's homes.This one is honestly pretty self explanatory.10) Take2's CEO has said that they have ""intentionally UNDERmonetized"" their users.So $60 for the four-year-old game, endless microtransactions, and a double release is UNDERmonetizing your users? I don't think so, Take2.11) Take2 has sent Cease and Decist letters to the creators of OpenIV, a mod that allows for the creation of singleplayer-only mods for this game.Take2 does not care about the creative community behind its own games, simple as that. OpenIV did absolutely nothing wrong and Take2 decided they didn't want to deal with it.This review is honestly only covering the surface of this game's issues. I really would like to see some improvement on Take2 and Rockstar's side before I changed my review."
,Not Recommended,271590,15683716,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Evo,Why are you so greedy when you've got one of the most sold titles of all time? Why do you need more money?https://youtu.be/PYApM6kWzqohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gKlBIPR_ok
76561197971556609,Not Recommended,271590,17980617,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,MrBungle,"Extremely excited to finally play this game after waiting a year or so for it to come to pc, only to have it crash every 5 minutes of play.  I am sure this game is fantastic, however I wouldnt know as I cant get past the second mission as it keeps booting me to desktop. Apparently this is an ongoing issue."
,Not Recommended,271590,32537855,Posted: 18 June,all,Biosanity,Grand Theft Auto Online has been nothing but a cash grab for some time now and I'm glad people are finally starting to stand up against it. GTA has always been a game about freedom and doing whatever the hell you want and Take Two have♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the playerbase for a long time now. The removal of mods does not impact me in the slightest but I'm tired of being treated like a talking wallet.
,Recommended,271590,15392096,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dal ☑ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"Do I even need to review this at this point?if you have a decent computer (which btw I dont think you need one to run this a medium or below)BUY IT. is it still 60$ when you read this review?? BUY ITDo you have to pay child-support and only have 60$?? BUY ITyou're starving and only have 60$?? BUY ITyour mom is too fat?? BUY ITHitler did nothing wrong?? BUY ITyou dont wanna buy it? BUY ITyou hate rockstar? BUY ITyou have STDs ?? BUY ITyou're dead?? BUY ITyou're a democrat?? DONT BUY (please, from the heart)you're a transgender feminist? DONT BUY"
,Recommended,271590,18445234,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mico,"Well it's GTA so its obviously really good. If you don't agree, who even are you?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32538248,Posted: 18 June,all,Scorpion,"Don't buy this Take Two Interactive is screwing everyone over and screwing everything up banning single player mods and how online works only because of shark cards and money,"
,Not Recommended,271590,32631884,Posted: 21 June,all,ya boi baby cakes,hahahahahahahahahahhai hate grinding and ♥♥♥♥ t2
76561198144616979,Not Recommended,271590,32502220,Posted: 17 June,all,TommyFox,"I hear the news that OpenIV is banned. Of course, as it listed in the agreement when we buying this game XX section, YY terms. It seems that we never own the game that we buy, we only own the right to play it. So, it seems that OpenIV should been banned. BUT, as consumers, we also have the right to vote against the game feature that we don’t like. That’s what I am doing, by giving ‘Not recommend’, I hope to illustrate my point that I believethere should be a room for mod in this game.I don’t know others, but I personally speaking, I never am a fan of online game. I try the GTA Online quite some time. And I get tired to repeat the same mission all the time just to earn the money to buy a fancy car. But Is it really what I want when I end a heavy day and come home with a wish that can relax myself by the game? No, I want innovative content in this fantastic open world, I want to play cops in the game because I would never be a cop for my whole life, LSPDFR mod can make it happen while the original version can do nothing. Unless the Rockstar think they have more idea compare with the whole mod community. I think they should develop a way to allow the innovative content continue to contribute the development of GTA V.GTA V used to be a wonderful game. After experience the story mode and tired of the battle online, you can still get the mod to allow you enjoy the sunset in the Los Santos. But with the OpenIV gone. I am afraid that there will be no fun for guys like me who shares no interest in the battle online. Thus, No recommend for GTA V."
,Not Recommended,271590,32502211,Posted: 17 June,all,Anonymoose,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198095614811,Not Recommended,271590,32502218,Posted: 17 June,all,ihavesnakeinbottle,They took our mods...
,Not Recommended,271590,32579712,Posted: 19 June,all,Cody Cigar,"Take-Two is actively trying to destroy the modding community. If this is allowed, what's to stop other developers from doing the same, in order to force their customers into using microtransactions to unlock new content or to level up faster? This must be stopped here and now. Rockstar and Take-Two are multi-billion dollar companies. They don't need more money."
76561198085282536,Not Recommended,271590,32633807,Posted: 21 June,all,WorldAviator,I only played this game for the mods. Take Two has taken this away.
76561198153082376,Not Recommended,271590,30184567,Posted: 25 February,all,bLaCk-_-RaiN,"Soooo upset with this game right now :/ never even owned the game for much longer than a day or two and I got banned for a month. I wasn't hacking, player killing, rampaging throught the streets or exploiting it in anyway. I was just playing with some friends. Not impressed with how they treat there customers I get the point of security and maintaining a game but they won't even listen to an appeal. It feels like i got targeted by some computer software, and thrown on a black list for reasons they have yet to explain not even so much as a reason to why the banned me...... yea this is a rant, but as you can see i'm deeply frustrated, I got friends playing this game right now and i'm just sitting here. sad day =("
76561198089051699,Not Recommended,271590,32633991,Posted: 21 June,all,Master Paladin,"Ok, so I got this game 50 years ago when I joined WWII. I had the intention of ending Hitler's terrible reign of death. The only way this could be achieved, is modding good 'ol fashioned patriotism into the game. However, America went into WWII completely voided of morale, and thus Hitler won. Take 2, you messed up. Trump won the election and my dog has stage 4 lung cancer. My life is in shambles and the only redeemable factor would have been modding a Hulk Smash into GTA 5. However, even that has escaped from the grasp of hope that I had left for humanity and the world, and I am a shell of what I once was. This was a fatal mistake, and I highly doubt that my dog will survive. Thank you, for being ♥♥♥♥ing idiots. However, the game wasn't bad, really enjoyed the part where I tortured the guy with pliers, which I won't lie, I was going to mod out for my 4 year old cousin to play the game, however now he is going to know how to torture a man tied in his basement. This is a dissapointment, because the stigma around the autistic community has already been negative for hundreds of years, and now my 4 year old cousin will perpetuate♥♥♥♥♥♥culture, toxic masculinity, and the patriarchy in an attempt to fit in with who he has deemed his God, Take 2 Interactive. On a side note, I feel like the mans tooth who was tortured in the basement is much like Open IV, while it was not essential to the entire package, it made things much easier to chew, especially your ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ frame rates. Thanks Take Two, you ♥♥♥♥ing tools. I will never buy a paid mod unless it is a mod to put that mans tooth back into his head and take him back where he belongs, Croatia. I ask that the moderators carefuly consider what I have said and will not remove it because Hitler was mentioned. I have a first amendment right and I refuse to be put down by some ♥♥♥♥ing waste of space, daddy rich, publishing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who think that anyone other than 13 year olds with their dads credit card are buying shark cards.Respectfully, and with careful consideration- ♥♥♥♥ yourself"
,Not Recommended,271590,32475989,Posted: 16 June,all,Duck,♥♥♥♥ you Take Two. ♥♥♥♥ YOU.I ONLY BOUGHT THIS ON PC FOR ♥♥♥♥ING AROUND WITH MODS
,Not Recommended,271590,32736346,Posted: 24 June,all,Nyctophilist,Cancer
,Not Recommended,271590,33058263,Posted: 30 June,all,Frédéric Himmler,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,271590,32547635,Posted: 18 June,all,The_Shadows,DO NOT BUY. Game developers starts treathning gamers that have made them a fortune and sold many copies of the game. Please avoid at all cost.
76561198137323153,Not Recommended,271590,32635320,Posted: 21 June,all,DovahCraft,No modding = No hours put into this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,28927881,Posted: 1 January,all,Killian,Game is great for singleplayer and story but then you go online with high hopes and get♥♥♥♥♥♥on by the worst community borderline rivaling the Call of duty community.
,Not Recommended,271590,32423888,Posted: 14 June,all,Jun 'Christie' Nagase ´ ω`,"Take-Two just ordered a cease and desist on Open Forge, aka modding in singleplayer is now illegal."
,Not Recommended,271590,32635847,Posted: 21 June,all,AJ Loc,Can't respect a publisher that bans modding like Take-Two has
,Not Recommended,271590,32448825,Posted: 15 June,all,Kirkmania,"Until they remove the cease and desist for the OpenIV mod, it's a thumbs down for me. It's not okay to neuter all modding capability for your game, multi and singleplayer, so that you can force more people onto multiplayer to buy your greedy shark cards."
76561198115415322,Not Recommended,271590,32463703,Posted: 15 June,all,Fun Fact,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs♥♥♥♥♥♥on their modding community, blaming their fans for Shark Cards and MMO levels of grind for basic items in the game. I know no one is going to read this, I just want to further lower the score as they're greedy and selfish♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck on their high horse.Oh an R*, you didn't take away all the cash modders dropped me, the gunrunning stuff is kinda lame. This game is one big buyable cheatcode now."
,Not Recommended,271590,32514666,Posted: 17 June,all,The Raj,"I love this game, I paid for two copies, and I choose to play it without mods. But I PAID for this game, if I want to change my play experience offline, that's my business."
,Not Recommended,271590,32462350,Posted: 15 June,all,rogg,"Don't buy this until Take 2 Interactive fix their absolutely ILLEGAL banning of mods. They're trying to fix multiplayer, but OpenIV isn't a cheating tool. Yet they ♥♥♥♥ed it with a Cease and Desist.Take 2 can Take Two up the♥♥♥♥♥ Once they stop ♥♥♥♥ing the community in the♥♥♥♥♥then absolutely buy this game; i'm not a huge fan of GTA anymore to be honest but it's still worth your pennies ESPECIALLY for the mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443258,Posted: 15 June,all,British Ninja,"At the time of this review Rockstars parent company take two interactive has compleatly ♥♥♥♥ed over GTA V's modding scene.A scene that rockstar is okay with and has worked hard to provide the msot fun you could ever have in the gta V world that isnt multiplayer ... however Take 2 dosnt want you to have fun, it wants your money.and the onyl way its gonna get your money after purchase is by forcing you more and more onto the multiplayer in where microtransactions make the game a pay 2 gwin game for faster cars and better guns.This behavoiur is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and its onyl going to get worse if the comunity lies down and takes it instead of standing up and stating how bulshit this is.If the game gets mass downvoted with negitive reviews it will actract press attention, and when you get the presses attention you get take 2's attention because there a bunch of god daym snakes who only care for self image and taking your money.tldr - game is good , developers are good - parent company being greedy bastered ♥♥♥♥ it all over"
,Not Recommended,271590,17030508,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Tokinoffen,"Just say ""no"" to games that require an online server for single-player mode."
76561197979472327,Not Recommended,271590,32436403,Posted: 15 June,all,Flux,So instead of single player dlc your working on killing mod support? Don't buy this
,Not Recommended,271590,32577331,Posted: 19 June,all,The Mean Man,"They're doing everything in their power to force you to buy those ♥♥♥♥ing shark cards if you want to enjoy the game, and Take two essentially banned modding for this game."
76561198169147908,Not Recommended,271590,32443352,Posted: 15 June,all,WRETCH,"Sorry, but as long as take2 continues to try and ruin a truly great game I can not recommend this game.So ♥♥♥♥ you take2 interactive, you money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,271590,32445993,Posted: 15 June,all,Dan || Controller,"Stop trying to kill one of the biggest and best rising mod scenes on PC, GTA Online Sucks"
,Not Recommended,271590,32446943,Posted: 15 June,all,Gen0,Game is ruined by hackers and now has an anti-mod policy do not buy.
,Not Recommended,271590,32447133,Posted: 15 June,all,Brent,The recent ban on modded content is just one of the reasons GTA V made me dislike this greedy game.GTA Online is a grindfest where only the rich people can enjoy all the content.Hackers are ruining the game for years and it cannot be stopped in the current network infrastructure.No dedicated servers if you just want to enjoy a sandbox with custom rules. Right now sandbox-style gameplay is limited to hackers who can spawn vechicles and weapons whenever they want.
76561198085389357,Not Recommended,271590,32447494,Posted: 15 June,all,XD MONKEY,BOOOOOO
,Not Recommended,271590,32449432,Posted: 15 June,all,m4rgin4l,T2 doesn't like mods? Then I don't like T2's games.
76561198037561465,Not Recommended,271590,32437524,Posted: 15 June,all,Majora's Snowflake,Considering I have played this for 60 hours. Have not modded this game but hearing that Take 2 have taken away the Modding capability then I have one thing to say to Take 2.F*** YOU!Modding is not illegal in any shape or form you are the people who taking away power from the players and you want to make more money out of micro transactions which little kids jack off to when they come on GTA. Bloody Disgraceful.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME!
,Not Recommended,271590,32438407,Posted: 15 June,all,ExplosiveN,"50,000 Mods used to live here, now it's a ghost town"
,Not Recommended,271590,32439557,Posted: 15 June,all,shadowsword2012,Good game but without mods waste of money really
76561198058327130,Not Recommended,271590,32439564,Posted: 15 June,all,FlyingScotsman,You thievin' Tory ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,271590,32440419,Posted: 15 June,all,Special Agent Keegan,"This game used to be fun.Cut off one head, two more replace it.Hail OpenIV!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32440735,Posted: 15 June,all,The Irish Onion,"I'm sure you all know about the OpenIV news, what with it being banned and what-not, and quite frankly I only have one thing to say about that: Take Two? Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself"
,Not Recommended,271590,32441067,Posted: 15 June,all,Firespite,"Another one bites the dust! Overzealous legal teams dumping on dedicated, paying users.RIP.Take 2: MUH MONEY"
76561198002528781,Not Recommended,271590,32441141,Posted: 15 June,all,OPSparks,Take-Two is stating no more mods.  This is the only reason to buy a copy of game on PC.  I have uninstalled and will not be buying products from them until their opinion changes.  Do not support their stance on mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32443613,Posted: 15 June,all,Reina Orikasa,"Taking away mods that didn't even interact with online, disgraceful."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443839,Posted: 15 June,all,trippingrainbow,Dont buy. No new single player content. Online content is just about getting people to buy shark cards. And now the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥have proceeded to kill the modding scene in search for more ♥♥♥♥ing money.
,Not Recommended,271590,32445798,Posted: 15 June,all,Fooshi,The sad reality of today's game industry is the greedy corporate overlords not knowing how important modding is to a game and its life span. Just another example of the money hungry lizardmen.
,Not Recommended,271590,32447962,Posted: 15 June,all,DaJeroen,"It's absolutely disgusting the way Rockstar Games and TakeTwo treat their customers & fanbase, taking down the entire mod community is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448392,Posted: 15 June,all,FUTURE10S,I paid $80 just so TakeTwo won't let me play single player however I want. How's that fair? I just want to ride around in Liberty City in GTAV but apparently that means that I'm not going to buy the microtransactions in GTAO. NOW I'M DEFINITELY NOT GOING TO. NICE ONE TAKE TWO IF YOU EMBRACED MODS I MIGHT HAVE GIVEN YOU MORE MONEY.
,Not Recommended,271590,32448848,Posted: 15 June,all,arty_knots,Give mods back.Rockstar editor is basically unusable without mods.I was in the middle of a big project using it and now I can't finish making the project.Thanks a lot.
,Recommended,271590,15699531,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Newfers,"Almost 900 hours in, and still going strong. Can't say enough about the game. They keep adding more free online DLC that gets better than the previous one. No shortage of stuff to do. Haven't gotten far in the story mode because I'm just enjoying the online portion too much.Bear in mind that online is still frustrating at times due to scripters, so it takes a while to find a good lobby sometimes. If you have friends to play with, it just makes the game even better. I've found a great community of folks to play with and it makes dealing with scripters practically non-existent. It's more fun now than it ever was and the new Gunrunning DLC is quite enjoyable so far."
76561198007402978,Not Recommended,271590,32426356,Posted: 14 June,all,greatgeorge,"The online is a grind with micro transactions everywhere, the only thing that did make it fun was the modded single player but now Take Two (Rockstars parent company) have cease and desisted a large amount of the moding community"
76561198159479688,Not Recommended,271590,32429267,Posted: 15 June,all,HUvikinig,Take two is removing mods from singleplayer? Why would they do that?
76561198160903946,Not Recommended,271590,32429742,Posted: 15 June,all,Menace,"you should only re-buy this game on pc if you intend on modding it, which is now near to impossible to do properly due to the fact that Take Two and Rockstar sent a cease and desist letter to OpenIV, an essential mod which is needed to use most other mods. so on behalf of all mods for this game, f*ck you rockstar, and f*ck you Take Two."
76561198042234841,Not Recommended,271590,32434534,Posted: 15 June,all,crockodille,One of the main reasons i bought this game is now gone so no real point in touching it again.
76561198192623409,Not Recommended,271590,32460519,Posted: 15 June,all,Grimoire_Regios,"Take-Two screwed everyone, is screwing everyone, and has been for a while now. Getting rid of OpenIV was probably one of the biggest mistakes they have made. I loved the game, bought it all 3 times, the version on the PC just for the MODDING. They did this to push people onto GTA Online, where they would make more money via micro-transactions. It doesn't matter if every update (""DLC"") you put out is free, that's how it should be anyways. My recommendation for everyone is to stop playing altogether, as much as it may hurt, or if you were thinking about buying this game, do not, and spend your money on a game where the developers actually care about their fanbase. Especially when they are still charging full price after 2 years on PC, and 4 years total."
76561198007406479,Not Recommended,271590,32469372,Posted: 16 June,all,nykkyn55,"Booo, banning mods is a backward step for PC gaming"
,Not Recommended,271590,32517735,Posted: 17 June,all,JKDriven,Shark cards have ruined the online scene and now Take Two is trying to destroy the modding community. Ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,271590,32629215,Posted: 21 June,all,Pookie Brown Kid Detective,On behalf of the modders ruined by take-two
,Not Recommended,271590,32446230,Posted: 15 June,all,DJSalt,"♥♥♥♥ you for ruining mods, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198041547955,Not Recommended,271590,32446243,Posted: 15 June,all,proch,This is for openIV you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198042030562,Not Recommended,271590,32446553,Posted: 15 June,all,Len,"not recomended, they are going after modders that arent harming the game"
,Not Recommended,271590,32446604,Posted: 15 June,all,KaL,"anti mods, no thanks"
76561198006810288,Not Recommended,271590,32446642,Posted: 15 June,all,soutiefied,mod=rip
,Not Recommended,271590,32447291,Posted: 15 June,all,BLacKHaLLoW,"This game was fun 3 years ago as an unmodified, vanilla build, but quickly became stale as DLCs gave little to zero single player experiences. Mods improved everything that R* fell short on and a community coalesced around the new experiences GTA could bring you. TTI has harmed the sales, both present and future, of this title and future GTA titles by making the foolish decision of threatening a lawsuit over the legality of mods. Shame on them."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447313,Posted: 15 June,all,[Bouncy] -|Henky‼|- [TTC],"I have boycotted buying anything from TakeTwo the time they sued FiveM and send a private detective to the devs house.Do NOT buy this game if you care about value! They have a reputation for stripping games down the line cutting content they have no licenses for, not adressing real issues with the online experience and then sueing the oblivion of anyone who tries to improve the situation with mods.As many reviews show they have repeated there behavior by outlawing the most popular modding tool.If a company is that willing to destroy your experience on behalf of there shark card money the do not deserve your money.I repeat DO NOT BUY and if you do buy it used (Unactivated)."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447351,Posted: 15 June,all,i am Jari <DROOG>,"GTA V had a lot of potential but it has drawn the short straw time and time again, but now that Take Two have actively started a war against the modding community I have to say that enough is enough.Every expansion is just another money grab with a load of expensive new things. You need to already be a high-roller in order to make more money with the new systems. If you're new, you get shafted. HARD.There have increasingly been less intuitive ways to get money and they are increasingly open to griefing players online time after time. The initiation missions for most new ways to gain money (Growing pot, counterfeiting cash) all have a set spawn point where players can camp you if you want.The ideas are good and CAN be fun, there's just an incredibly horrible execution.7/10 content, 2/10 execution, 4.5/10 overall.Do not recommend."
76561198065026149,Not Recommended,271590,32447484,Posted: 15 June,all,m0th,"This game is the ultimate sandbox, and opened up modding to a community of people who have loved it for many years. Recently Take Two shut down Open IV, which is most of the mods for this game. We need to show Take Two that this is not right. This game is excellent, but the company in charge is not respecting the community they built. This disrespect is frowned upon, and I would not recomment this game.Sign this, and maybe we will send a message.https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32447617,Posted: 15 June,all,RuthlessZach,making modding illegal smd take two
,Not Recommended,271590,32448868,Posted: 15 June,all,Vectrex720,"The singleplayer is fantastic, however I can not agree with a company that ruins a rich modding community."
,Not Recommended,271590,32449264,Posted: 15 June,all,Tenkata Senetai,"Grand Theft Auto 5 is a unique game and for all intents and purposes is fun when you play the Single Player portion of the game. However, the vast majority of the content players will stick around for is Grand Theft Auto Online. GTA Online is fun if you have a group of friends just dicking about, however as it stands the pricing of many of the items in the game basically requires you to do all of the complicated heists with a group of people.Heists are for all intents and purposes buggy, having personally encountered a situation where one specific setup mission always failed due to NPCs that the players are REQUIRED to kill do not show up. This rendering our group unable to proceed with the heist.GTA Online is filled with cheaters that use third party mods to interfere with the gameplay experience of other players by way of causing all players in the lobby to explode without any way to avoid it, forcibly teleporting players to their loction, making themselves immune to damage among other things. As such, When i play with a group of friends, we tend to avoid using public lobbies. However much of the free mode content in GTA Online REQUIRES the player to be in free mode and not in passive mode, the mode that allows you to wander around the game world without fear of being killed by other players. This means that in order to do most of the profitable non-heist gameplay content available to you in free-mode you need to make yourself a target for cheaters. The reasons for this is to apparently add some element of challenge, but this can easily be compensated for. (For example, increasing the number of NPCs that come after you when doing the more profitable activities in a free-mode private lobby to compensate for the lack of potentially hostile players)On top of this Take Two has recently forced the developers of a mod called Open IV to shut down through a Cease and Desist, Open IV is a modding resource that is exclusively for the use of mods for the single player portion of the game. This mod resource goes so far as to not allow players running Open IV to log into GTA Online until Open IV is removed. Their cited reason is to stop the rampant cheaters in GTA Online, it is however well known that Open IV is not a resource that cheaters use to do what they are doing. While I appreciate any attempt to stem the tide of cheaters in GTA Online I cannot in good faith endorse a product whose publishers take such drastic action against the modding community for the game, even when the developers of the game themselves openly endorse the modding community."
76561198280836671,Not Recommended,271590,32449416,Posted: 15 June,all,Chris Kamara,"I bought this game on pc so that I could mod it, and now I can't."
,Not Recommended,271590,32449498,Posted: 15 June,all,Darkwave,"The only reason I kept this game around was for modding and now that take two's greed has killed that for me I'll be uninstalling and not buying another take-two product.The reason I stuck to modded single player was the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is gta online. Hackers, griefers everywhere. The only time it's fun is playing in invite only sessions. Oh and you can't play any of the new content in invite only sessions now. Items so expensive that you either have to buy $200 dollars worth of shark cards just to get one thing(forget grinding because you'll have to grind the Pacific standard heist for the rest of your life(because you can't make money in public sessions due do griefers)This game is a free-to-play(pay) in $70 clothing. Stay away."
,Not Recommended,271590,32449834,Posted: 15 June,all,Hion-V,RIP modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32449875,Posted: 15 June,all,Grumpy Cunt,F*** Take 2 the bunch of CUNNNNNNNNNNNNTTTTTTTTTS
,Not Recommended,271590,32450046,Posted: 15 June,all,theuhie,oi lads give the mods back
,Not Recommended,271590,32451797,Posted: 15 June,all,Aemeilius,"Single player mods are critical to my enjoyment of this game (that I own). The multiplayer effectively requires shark cards to play with new content, which is also frustrating. But when my single player game mods are denied, which have no hacking or cheating beyond that which is needed to enjoy some of the new free content released to the multiplayer, it reminds me of the extreme disconnect between gaming executives and gamers. Modding is the life required to maintain a game at the scale that GTA V is.Please reconsider your cease and desist to Open IV."
,Not Recommended,271590,32452405,Posted: 15 June,all,[Cpl] N.Cook [PTF] (Dragonborn),"♥♥♥♥♥♥ online, and cease and desists to modders to make people go online to make them spend money on microtransactions"
,Not Recommended,271590,32453352,Posted: 15 June,all,PRL | Bozzlah,♥♥♥♥ take2
76561198021728510,Not Recommended,271590,32624733,Posted: 21 June,all,Jesse519,bring openIV back!
,Not Recommended,271590,32432899,Posted: 15 June,all,Arf,"They've completely gutted the entire SINGLE PLAYER modding scene to force people into multiplayer, where they're flooded with microtransactions.Aaaaaand uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,271590,32470921,Posted: 16 June,all,Wolf.......MOR,Disabled the only thing makes this bland game better. Mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32766230,Posted: 25 June,all,CloneDylan,"played on ps3, ps4 and now on pc was rank 278 played the game since it's release and now lost all my progress I made in that and banned for 30 days just because I got alot of money from other players. Gta V is banned forever now on my pc :)"
,Not Recommended,271590,32432867,Posted: 15 June,all,Lexikitty,"Wonderful single-player game. Bought the PS3 version ages ago, then bought it again on PC for mods. FOR. MODS.Tkae Two is now going after the modding community, specifically the OpenIV team. They want to push folks over to the microtransaction-riddled online world. I have never played GTA V multiplayer and have zero interest in it. Go release GTA Online as a standalone game if you want that model so bad, and leave your numbered games out of it. It's sad - over half of my playtime was spent fooling around with mods.Tkae Two, put your greedy hands back in your pockets and leave GTA SP alone."
76561198184387402,Not Recommended,271590,32423825,Posted: 14 June,all,MarKo,You think is a good thing to go after mods when you don't make enough money from GTA Online? ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two and ♥♥♥♥ off.
,Not Recommended,271590,32433766,Posted: 15 June,all,Admiral Nuge,"Multiplayer sucks, it's just a DLC riddled he'll whole. On the other hand, single player is great. However part of what made that great was the mods. Since they want to get rid of the mods for some reason I can no longer recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32465082,Posted: 15 June,all,soory,"Yes, shutting down modding for one of the pinnacle sandbox experiences was not a good idea."
76561198040495980,Not Recommended,271590,32441041,Posted: 15 June,all,Z-Wing93,"This game is loads of fun, its just too bad that Take Two is forcing microtransactions down the throats of its consumers. Thanks for reminding us that despite shelling out $60 for your base game, we still don't have control on over its single player content. I'll be sure to pirate my next rockstar game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32766259,Posted: 25 June,all,JOKER,really? wtf are u doing rockstar ?
,Not Recommended,271590,33405495,Posted: 9 July,all,Ceriva,"Don't give Take 2 any more of your hard earned Money, they aren't worth a single cent"
,Not Recommended,271590,32495257,Posted: 16 June,all,Hanamaru,"For the ignorant people who think that OpenIV is used to mod online: Do some f*cking research.FFS most people who used OpenIV rarely (or never) go online, they stayed in singleplayer to play at their own pace and never disrupt Online. It is the script-kiddies who ruined online, not the people who used OpenIV.Oh, also f*ck T2."
,Not Recommended,271590,15391675,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,EMBOAR,"F*ck Take-Two Interactive, don't waste money on this.Bring back modding!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32420018,Posted: 14 June,all,Dick Justice,"80 million copies sold, apparently that's not enough for the greedy sleazeballs at Take2, so they decided to try and kill the mod community. Don't support this kind of unethical, anti-consumer behaviour from one of the most disgusting, shameless publishers in gaming."
,Not Recommended,271590,32426542,Posted: 14 June,all,RowanTheMighty,Take two can take a running jump. Poor show. Restricting people to o line only and forcing micro transactions is robbery.
76561198163009663,Not Recommended,271590,32459367,Posted: 15 June,all,Drawing Tieger,This game is garbage designed for edgy ten year olds. The only thing that's SLIGHTLY good is the driving. Everything else is GARBAGE!!! I played for two hundred hours and got banned because I grinded the CEO activities. Don't buy this game. Mario kart 64 has more depth than this game.
76561197970553952,Not Recommended,271590,32533638,Posted: 18 June,all,ElBartoME,Take Two and Rockstar are anti-consumer!!!
76561198048290080,Not Recommended,271590,32959591,Posted: 28 June,all,Tree Boffin,"One of the greatest games of all time... that received no support or development. The developer instead deciding to pour all their time into the disgusting micro transaction laden hell hole of the online.The parent company has displayed no regard for player enjoyment, against extorting them for money.dont buy this game.. its a waste of your life."
,Not Recommended,271590,32421378,Posted: 14 June,all,MidTune,"I am disappointed in Take Two's recent C&D towards OPENIV. You have people complaining about the online community, and how do we fix that? Well of fu*king course! Let's take away the thing tons of people use and love that lets them get away from our number 1 issue! I am truly disappointed right now."
,Not Recommended,271590,32494092,Posted: 16 June,all,NXS | Knarly,"take two, please. what the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing?"
,Not Recommended,271590,32565896,Posted: 19 June,all,Emnu,OPENIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32796188,Posted: 25 June,all,naranja,You know why...
76561197973754903,Not Recommended,271590,32424132,Posted: 14 June,all,NightHawk,"What the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing destroying the entire life of GTA V single player. OpenIV is gone because of you cheap♥♥♥♥♥pricks. Take-Two, you are one horrendous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥company."
,Not Recommended,271590,32522706,Posted: 17 June,all,Scott,This game was so fun with mod and now that they are suing OpenIV and its shutting down I don't see a pont in playing or buying this game. Do not buy it
76561198233214564,Not Recommended,271590,32556051,Posted: 18 June,all,philippepc92,5/5 if your looking for a game developped by a bunch of chimps
76561198040903596,Not Recommended,271590,32533835,Posted: 18 June,all,TheMightySals,T2 banning mods and bethesda making you pay for them? have fun getting my support again!
,Not Recommended,271590,32639877,Posted: 22 June,all,.•°,Singlehandedly murdered the modding community. 0/10 please never do this again plsty
76561198000890325,Not Recommended,271590,32647216,Posted: 22 June,all,Doggmitt,Modding stopped to make more money?
,Not Recommended,271590,32558305,Posted: 18 June,all,Breedofspeed,Give modding tools back to the community.
,Not Recommended,271590,32600685,Posted: 20 June,all,LukeDeLuke,♥♥♥♥ you Take 2.
,Not Recommended,271590,32442532,Posted: 15 June,all,Vertigo,Gonna add my two cents and reccommend against this game until Take Two allows modding again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32442534,Posted: 15 June,all,♥boop,"got this game for modding, not the multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32556006,Posted: 18 June,all,The Conformist,"What was once a fun game, now ruined for many people thanks to Take 2 interactive. I myself never really cared for heavily modifying the single player aspect of the game, but I can understand how it hurt many others all because it was hurting Take 2's bs Shark card Revenue. It was never about ""protecting the online portion of the game from harassment."" it's always about profit. Don't put this bs blame on Open IV, because you can't put together a functioning Anti-cheat system. Sorry R*, but you better ditch this department of yours otherwise you're looking at a grim future like Ubi-soft is in. Let this be a nail in the coffin. Definitely won't be supporting RDR2 until this has been resolved by means of something else. Sorry R*."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447662,Posted: 15 June,all,Nignoggins,"They got rid of the modding base in singleplayer.  One of the MAJOR reasons people wanted to buy this game in the first place for PC.  Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥decision Rockstar made in all of time.  If you wanted to ride in a Ferrari or fly a UFO, drone, etc.  You can't do that anymore because of the ♥♥♥♥ up Rockstar decided to do. DO NOT BUY this if you only want it for the modding, there is no more modding.  There is modding on multiplayer, but that's only because of the micro-transaction bull♥♥♥♥♥♥  Rockstar gets more money, and people who wanted to do all this but more in singleplayer can't do it any longer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32805978,Posted: 26 June,all,CKPBB,NNO
,Not Recommended,271590,32478864,Posted: 16 June,all,LangOG,Don't support this game until they allow modding again. The only reason I bought it again on PC was to enjoy the mods. Not only do you not realese new DLC on single player but then you take away the modding community to get people to buy more shark cards. I won't be buying another one of your games until you lose the greed and come out with some qaulity content.
,Not Recommended,271590,32527769,Posted: 17 June,all,Carterjay,♥♥♥♥ you Take 2
,Not Recommended,271590,32520142,Posted: 17 June,all,PsychOXRat,"Take-Two, R*'s publisher, decided to Take-Two fingers and show them to OpenIV and the entire modding community simply so that they can force people into GTA:O and buy microtransactions.I've got 2 copies of GTAV PC, retail and digital, I've probably played 200 hours in game, but due to Take-Two's incompetence:DO NOT BUY GTA:VEdit: OpenIV appears to be back, but that doesn't change my verdict on Take-Two, and you still shouldn't support their shady practices."
,Not Recommended,271590,29997395,Posted: 17 February,all,Absolarix,"Grand Auto Ban SImulator V is what this game should be renamed to.They've been absolutely ripping their online playerbase to pieces over bans that aren't even legit for the most part.Sure, they're catching all the people who actually should be banned, but they are also banning people who are innocent, and they haven't been giving out reasons for the bans, either. Not even warnings!I had been working on my profile for months, and one day I logged in to find that I had been banned for 30 days and my entire account wiped without a given reason.With this, I gave up. Rockstar doesn't give two♥♥♥♥♥♥♥worth of a crap about their player base. It used to be a lot of fun, but the game is so riddled with Rockstar-isms that it's not worth the money anymore. Your money is better spent in a Pay-to-win MMO than in this pay-to-win ban-fest."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434518,Posted: 15 June,all,Vapid,RIP OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,29617393,Posted: 31 January,all,Lambency,"Literally ♥♥♥♥ R*There are people in this game that hack, mod and exploit, but somehow it seems that the only legit players get auto banned by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ algorithms.I have spent 300+ hours grinding money in this micro transaction filled online experience and having fun with friends, yet somehow I have just been banned for 30 days and had my character progress reset back to 1.Also rip Open IV. ♥♥♥♥ing Take Two."
,Not Recommended,271590,32496780,Posted: 17 June,all,Bamboy,No modding cease and desist? The ♥♥♥♥? I bought this game twice for modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32539052,Posted: 18 June,all,BLUEBIRD,"The GTAV singleplayer still is one of the best experiences you can have as a player. The Charakters are stong. the Action is great and I liked the story.And even GTA:O had potential. It really did.But due to overprized stuff that is almost necessary in order to do the fun stuff it is imposible to play without shark cards. That and the recent ""ban of mods"" are the main reason why i cannot recommend buying this game anymore.Rockstar has stated that this behaviour towards mods was not their decision and i am inclined to believe them. However, that does not make this any less painful.STOP PLAYING. DO NOT BUY. SCAMS ARE LESS COSTLY."
,Not Recommended,271590,32428019,Posted: 15 June,all,im so fucking gay,RIP MODS
76561198092742429,Not Recommended,271590,32460509,Posted: 15 June,all,OutdatedMeme,RIP GTA V Modding 2017
,Not Recommended,271590,32550568,Posted: 18 June,all,BOT Snev,Take-Two says you can't mod the singleplayer.0/10
76561198055440933,Recommended,271590,17720664,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mr Bond,"Before I get to the big negative I'll just say that I love this game, I consider it to be a nearly perfect homage to the entire GTA series, taking bits and pieces from GTA 3, Vice City, San Andreas and IV, blending them into what is (imo) a great ending to the entire series. Even though there will certainly be more GTA games after this one no doubt, I still think this game feels like an ending to the series, really brings everything full circle. If they for some reason stopped after 5 I would be cool with that, I mean what a good note to end it all on, especially in contrast to IV and even San Andreas.Now for the negative, be warned, the PC version of this game is extremely flawed, in fact some folks got really unlucky, including myself. I've personally experienced the worst memory leak I've ever seen in a PC game, now I've met plenty of people that don't experience it and good for them, I hope most people don't experience it but I think people should be warned about this when purchasing GTA 5, that this could become a game breaking problem for them. For me, the memory leak actually got so bad at one point that the game was using almost all of my memory causing my OS to crashed and I had to power button it, after a few hours of playing, that's really bad.Luckily upgrading to windows 10 fixed the memory leak for me but with that came new problems, the game stutters a lot now, especially in the lost MC trailer park and plenty of other random areas. So sadly, I'm now I'm at the point where I uninstall this oversized 60 gig game and never play it again on pc. I mean come on guys, GTA 4 was a horrible port but the 20-25 fps drops didn't stop me from putting 700+ hours into it, GTA 5 is a different story though, there is no excuse for me running out of ram while playing this game when I have 8 gigs, what kind of a game uses that much and on low settings too. Sorry Rockstar but it really did feel like a punch in the stomach to wait on the pc version for nearly 2 years just to run into this massive road block that never got fixed even after contacting customer support. I give up, I guess I'll have to just stick with the ps3 version.UPDATE: I've tried out a program called cacheboost and it seems to have fixed or at least greatly improved the memory leak, the game still stutters a lot in giant gunfights but it's playable."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434935,Posted: 15 June,all,[GC]Henkedew,"I bought this game with the thought that I could mod this game for a better, richer singleplayer experience. Now that's gone down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you've ever played Counter strike, Dota, Half life, Team Fortress, Doom etc, you've played a game that started out as a mod. Modding is incredibly important for the gaming industry, yet Take-Two, the parent company of Rockstar, wants to kill it to squeeze some extra money off of microtransactions.Don't buy this game."
76561198032545310,Not Recommended,271590,32454371,Posted: 15 June,all,kaulam,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32454542,Posted: 15 June,all,Ye,"NO MODS, NO BUY"
76561198074326323,Not Recommended,271590,32454789,Posted: 15 June,all,ronald rimjob,Take 2 ruined basically the entire reason everybody bought the game on pc. All the replayability that mods gave the game are gone and so has my interest for the pc version.
,Not Recommended,271590,32456587,Posted: 15 June,all,暁海 優梨子,"I'd normally give it a positive review, but I am sick and tired of being used as a cash cow. Microtransactions - fine, fair enough. But now offline modding tools are being taken away from us, all while online continues to suffer from hackers that don't use said modding tools? Screw this. No one's stealing anything by using modding tools, it's just obvious they want to lock down their product to milk out as much cash as they can. Well I'm one frankly tired customer. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Not Recommended,271590,32456948,Posted: 15 June,all,LukeDude759,"Absolutely fantastic game. Wonderfully written story, amazing gameplay, beautiful world to explore.I really think this is one of the best games of all time, and I really wish I could recommend it to anyone who plays PC, but it's missing one tiny little thing, and I think a small handful of people out there might feel slightly disappointed that it's not there:THE ABILITY TO MOD THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME"
76561197960301829,Not Recommended,271590,32482218,Posted: 16 June,all,dev,illegal modding ?! mods brought this game back to life ..
,Not Recommended,271590,32482339,Posted: 16 June,all,★Zeeeeeek★,"No modding, no game"
,Not Recommended,271590,32483042,Posted: 16 June,all,❤ hazelnot ❤,"This game keeps getting worse and worse. It started as a good SP campaign with a very promising multiplayer, and it ended up being a pay-to-win grindfest. Now they banned singleplayer modding. ♥♥♥♥ Take-Two."
76561198061432177,Not Recommended,271590,32484087,Posted: 16 June,all,Just a refugee,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,271590,32484111,Posted: 16 June,all,Slothulhu,GIVE US MODS
,Not Recommended,271590,32484130,Posted: 16 June,all,ReportOfTheWeek (Bottom text),"Whats the point in removing mods? And I thought Take 2 cared about their fans, smh."
,Not Recommended,271590,32484156,Posted: 16 June,all,MissingData,RIP OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32437536,Posted: 15 June,all,Brian Goodwin,"Take Two took away my Macho Man Randy Savage mods, and now I am angry."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437592,Posted: 15 June,all,I Poke Zombies With Spoons,Take Two attempting to destroy the PC modding community. Thumbs down.
76561198024458071,Not Recommended,271590,32437857,Posted: 15 June,all,Token Buttstomp,"This WAS one of the most enjoyable games around. Then they got greedy and broke it. The SP hasn't been updated since the release and all new content is unavailable in SP. GTAO is an unpleasant mix of grinding a handful of boring missions and script kiddies messing with your game. Or Rockstar just banning you for the hell of it. Play this game and you will get banned for a random length of time and your character reset. You can provide proof that it was a false flag, but Rockstar won't respond or reinstate your character.Because GTAO is all about selling Shark Cards. Doesn't matter if GTAO is fundamentally broken. Buy Shark Cards. The bulk of the problems with GTAO would be solved by using actual servers. But instead of attempting to fix the problem that is driving players away from GTAO, T2 is attempting to wipe out the SP modding community and force players back to GTAO.♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar. I've bought every GTA since GTA 1 in multiple formats. I've bought other games on the basis that they came from the same dev team. But ♥♥♥♥ YOU - I'll never spend one red cent on your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business model ever again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437972,Posted: 15 June,all,Windows Vista®,"On behalf of all the modders, all of the OpenIV team, all the YouTubers who promoted mods, everyone who used this for mods such as the DOJ series, ♥♥♥♥ you Take-Two. And if you take mods away from Kerbal Space Program, you're dead to me and everyone else."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437973,Posted: 15 June,all,marre,SP modding is the best part of this game and doesn't even hurt other players experience
,Not Recommended,271590,32438314,Posted: 15 June,all,Batty,"Online mode is microtransaction filled garbage they refuses to fix, publishers have shown that they will go to any lengths to shut down anything even possibly hindering people from buying their microtransactions. Even if openIV is back i doubt this is the last time they will try and pull something similar.That is why I will not change my review to recommending this game. It's sad because the singleplayer portion is great, but these people do not deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32438617,Posted: 15 June,all,Mp3Charlie,"Microtransaction filled online, terrible online moderation and of course the most appealing part of the game, the modding scene, has been killed by greed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32438655,Posted: 15 June,all,Pug,Take2 are trying to destroy modding.Time to destroy Take2.
,Not Recommended,271590,32463446,Posted: 15 June,all,Nox,"Take 2, you must have lost your marbles. While GTA V has been a really entertaining experience, your recent treatment of the modding community makes me sick and I wish I could refund this. Do not buy this game, as it will support Take 2, which is a company that doesn't support mods or mod makers. It's sad when a company attacks its most dedicated fans who create extra content for their games for free. I hope that the recent sea of negative reviews helps Take 2 to make the right decision to drop their DCMA takedowns and make a 180 degree turn on their modding policy."
,Not Recommended,271590,32502127,Posted: 17 June,all,Caleb The Calamari,Nahh don't buy
76561198159240128,Not Recommended,271590,32426578,Posted: 14 June,all,BakasanGT,"The Cease & Desist on OpenIV was a bad move on Take II's part, greedy bunch of stunts if you ask me.I don't reccomend buying any of their products#freeopeniv"
76561198041786548,Not Recommended,271590,32456320,Posted: 15 June,all,Captain Clueless,For OpenIV ♥♥♥♥
76561198024567944,Not Recommended,271590,32836731,Posted: 26 June,all,Wormburner,"i bought 2 Megalodon Shark Cash Cards so i had $16m, spent most of it, had $1.5m left. then hackers give me money that i didnt ask for and i couldnt avoid it, then rockstar takes it all away and leaves me $20000!!!! so i have spent over $300 on this game (on pc) and rockstar want to f*ck me"
,Not Recommended,271590,32464278,Posted: 15 June,all,Juice Box,The♥♥♥♥♥♥developers are sueing mod creators.
,Not Recommended,271590,32462807,Posted: 15 June,all,bucket,They killed modding just to milk your money.
76561198111151263,Not Recommended,271590,15682671,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,FlyingAlpaca2,Lack of modding suport
,Not Recommended,271590,15683013,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SiN-TAX,Serval patches in and this game is still a total crash fest! Such a  waste of money!
,Not Recommended,271590,15724015,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,King Baldwin IV,"Great SP with story and gameplay variety.MP is meh, the only thing I enjoyed to do was joyriding, stealing cars and pimping cars.I already played SP on the consoles so I thought I would buy it on PC for the mods. To play as an actual cop and do police ''tasks'' in the SP. But Rockstar dropped the bannhammer on everyone that uses mods in GTA V. So there is no way of playing the game in SP with mods without getting banned.The most shady thing about this, is that it happened after they got their cash on the PC platform.......Shame on devs like this, another great example why Indie devs are so much better than AAA devs....."
,Not Recommended,271590,32435034,Posted: 15 June,all,grant0417,Don't support a game when they don't support their fans.
,Not Recommended,271590,32635317,Posted: 21 June,all,Demo,The game itself is pretty fun but they've recently destroyed the modding community for both online and offline play. The new content they add is only accessible online which wouldn't be the worst thing ever but it is locked behind insane prices that would require hours of tedious grinding if you wanted to gather up enough funds....or you know you can buy Sharkcards and get a fraction of the content that they put out. For $100 you would get 8 million in-game currency which won't even get you very far. You might be able to get a few of the vehicles or the special facilities that they seem to keep locking content behind. To put things into perspective 8 million in-game currency isn't even enough to buy the most expensive yacht in the game and the yachts don't really even do that much for you. So Rockstar seems to think that their virtual yacht (you can't even drive it) is worth over 100 dollars.
76561197972972301,Not Recommended,271590,32462827,Posted: 15 June,all,Bare,Take 2 can go suck a syphlitic♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,15693109,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,IamPug,10/10*Downloaded 60 gigs of game**Downloads mods for single player**finds out bans for single player mods**reinstalls game*
,Not Recommended,271590,15724535,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Royal Swordsman,"EDIT: DO NOT SUPPORT THIS GAME. PUBLISHER IS EXTREMELY HOSTILE TOWARDS SINGLEPLAYER MODS AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ADEQUATE ONLINE ANTI-CHEAT*******************************************************************************************************Finally, after 2 whole freaking years of waiting, Grand Theft Loading (the new waiting sim) has come out on PC.Enjoy spending half of your in-game time in a loading screen for only 60 bucks! For that price, not only do you get floaty controls, but you also get to get to experience the horribly optimized graphics with non-working v-sync. Have you always wanted random crashes, soft locks, and game braking bugs? This game has them, a metric tonne I might add! Do you enjoy getting disconnected form the online servers that seem to be hosted in someone's basement in Pakistan? If so, you'll love this game!Buy this game is you like getting ripped off, waiting, and being Rockstar's little *****."
,Not Recommended,271590,17030006,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Leka,The whole story got reset for no any explainable reason. And now I have to do it all over again.
,Not Recommended,271590,32485563,Posted: 16 June,all,Mushy,"♥♥♥♥ you, Take-Two."
76561198275578721,Not Recommended,271590,32453913,Posted: 15 June,all,collision_one,"Trying to ban mods and slapping on microtransactions, this game franchise has really gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32453971,Posted: 15 June,all,✪ Destroyer (¯`◕‿◕´¯),"STUPID IDEA TO REMOVE MODS*Buys game on PS3**Buys game on PS4* (for improved gameplay)*Buys game on PC* (for mods)*Mods are removed after the majority of the players that are going to buy the game buys the game* FOR MODSIf Rockstar doesn't get their heads out of their♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy, console will be better."
,Not Recommended,271590,32454368,Posted: 15 June,all,Patar Starman,Rip modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32457466,Posted: 15 June,all,Ďucky,"Modding is what makes PC games so great, don't ♥♥♥♥ that up!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32457657,Posted: 15 June,all,Horus Lupercal,"After the abysmal way the single player modding community has been treated, the insane delay between console release and PC release, and the disguting monetization of shark cards in the GTA Online mode I can no longer support or play this game or the developer. They will re-earn my business when they treat the community correctly. I have uninstalled and I am glad to now have the space for a game made by a better company."
,Not Recommended,271590,32480134,Posted: 16 June,all,Yellowcooln,No mods for single player though.
,Not Recommended,271590,32482793,Posted: 16 June,all,z0ne,"The single player experience is GREAT, but sadly is no longer being supported. Rockstar is spending all of their time creating new DLC for GTA Online, with cool, but EXPENSIVE new items. It takes way too long to save money for anything added unless you buy ingame currency with real money. With Take Two's recent takedown of OpenIV, the GTA modding community is basically dead. This bars people who care about the game from creating new singleplayer content, even though Rockstar won't bother doing that.Lots of bad business practices from R* and Take Two regarding this game, which is why I hope people won't support them."
,Not Recommended,271590,32482907,Posted: 16 June,all,[DA] Atomsku,"Crappy buisness practices coupled with recent events and the fact that the online isstill full of hackers makes this a big NO for me. On behalf of the OpenIV team,you just screwed over your biggest market. Have fun with that."
,Not Recommended,271590,32483535,Posted: 16 June,all,2P,no more mods in singleplayer lol bye
76561198070759033,Not Recommended,271590,32484048,Posted: 16 June,all,MissingPlugin,"One of the main reasons even GTA 4 is still played to this day is mods. I know I even bought GTA 4 for the PC was because of the mods that I would see on youtube. Mods are still being realeased for that game every week on a game that is over a decade old and runs like♥♥♥♥♥ and because of mods that game is still being ♥♥♥♥ing played. GTA 5 was realeased 3 times, on previous gen, this gen and PC and is the fourth best selling game of all time and only 2 million copies away from being in the top 3 best selling games of all time. A very large amount of people purchased this game on PC due to the ability of being able to mod and then you spit in peoples faces and remove a crucial tool to modding SINGLE PLAYER and then back track and say it was being used to mod online. Not only is this killing your games life span tremendously its also killing a whole dedicated community who worked to improve your game. There are thousands and thousands of mods for GTA 5, car mods, scripts, guns, characters, hell there is even a dedicated community of RPers in FiveM and then you go and give everyone the middle finger so you can milk online some more. You just decided to take away one of the PCs biggest selling points and in the long run killed your game on PC. You have made billions off of this game alone but yet you continually try to nickle and dime your customers and quite frankly its disgusting."
,Not Recommended,271590,32484067,Posted: 16 June,all,Angus,"I loved this but Rockstar Games and Take-Two Interactive have proved countless times that they do not care about the community, all they care about is money, and recently they basically said modding is illegal, so they killed a ton of their fan base, despite all of this they change nothing they stay the same and it works, because some of us let it work."
,Not Recommended,271590,32484142,Posted: 16 June,all,Jamso,Really disappointing to see what Take Two have done.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437700,Posted: 15 June,all,Hugh Mungus,"Do not support Rockstart and Take Two for their anti-modding practies. Not allowing mods in Online is one thing, but completely ruining it  for singleplayer is another."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437871,Posted: 15 June,all,Whitto,RIP modding gta 5
,Not Recommended,271590,32441443,Posted: 15 June,all,Darryl,"It was a good game until they removed modding, do not buy it. It's horrible. Bad devs, removed the spirit of the game. sad."
76561198014696924,Not Recommended,271590,32442089,Posted: 15 June,all,TabascoGator,"Take two just banned modding for this game, will not be purchasing anymore of their games."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443875,Posted: 15 June,all,Hypnotodd,No mods...
,Not Recommended,271590,32446193,Posted: 15 June,all,CyingLarrot,"Most mods on longer work, and they were one of the largest reasons I purchased this game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448359,Posted: 15 June,all,DevaKitty,"This game is full of superfluous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, hostile user interface, toxic userbase, offensive design choices and it's downright baffling that this is somehow supposed to be a multi million dollar franchise as much as it's an overpriced litterbox filled with♥♥♥♥♥♥and dead fetuses for the eager ""consumers"" to fling at eachother in a noisy, poisonous mess. Which is all fun and games until a kid gets strangles with an umbellical cord and cacks their pants all over the other children, turning to a hodgepodge of necrophagia and dogshit.All these things have come to be the rule and not the exception for Rockstar and no less their dominatrix Take-Two Interactive and yet they sweep pop culture with every release - I reckon people love a bit of poo play now and then but it becomes offputting to say the least when people come flocking around it like carrion.And yet is as evident from the amount of time I have spent on this game, it's something to sink a heap of time into, even if it feels like empty busywork that you autonomously ""engage"" in.I say engage in the same way that you ""engage"" in having a stroke.Despite all this, I wouldn't have recommended against the product - and I mean product - before very recently, in an event where Take-Two Interactive filed cease and desist against a mod that a massive proportion of all mods available for the game, heavily relied upon.It's time to stop playing a capricious idiot god Take-Two, or you might as well Take-Two cyanide pills up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and a capscasin pill down your cockhole and die convulsing, frothing and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all over your consumerbase."
,Not Recommended,271590,32450278,Posted: 15 June,all,🎃 egggggg,"RIP GTAV mods, thanks take2"
,Not Recommended,271590,33034575,Posted: 30 June,all,Gandalf's Big Oiled Staff,nah
76561198050385808,Not Recommended,271590,33249275,Posted: 4 July,all,LuKaZ,"Anti Cheat system is far beyond any comprehension... Wasn't able to play nothing online and got banned 3 times and then permanent with an automatic robotic explination that says ""You're are ban and we won't going to tell you why"" so F... you Rockstar!"
76561198002567771,Not Recommended,271590,31453508,Posted: 29 April,all,Xenus Icelon,"Edit: Recommendation switched to NOT recommended. The recent update made it too difficult to look past the blatant attempts to force you into giving them more money with their shark cards. It is completely and absolutely impossible to achieve anything of note in the multiplayer without spending hundreds of hours grinding it. Whoever is in charge of pricing and all kinds of balance needs to be immediately fired. They are clearly not doing their job.I've seen korean games with cash shops treat their players with more respect than this. And with more sane economy balancing.GTA V is two games in one- A single player game with a storyline and GTA online, named so for reasons one may assume to be obvious. As such, this review will mainly focus on the online, as that is what I have mostly played, and why I purchased it. With that said, there are obvious similarities in it, and many of the things I will mention apply to both.In Grand Theft Auto you mainly start the game small- Whether homeless or with just a small house, there is very little you can lose. And from there you begin your adventure in crime and moneymaking. With what appears to be an anarchocapitalist society filled with well-made backstory and world complete with multiple full series of cartoons, mock TV channels(Better than real TV!) and radio stations. There is an internet ingame with plenty of often humour-filled websites, along with useful ones that you will find to be genuinely interesting on their own.In short- The worldbuilding is top quality, there is a lot of effort and attention in it and it shows that it was a great priority when it was madeIn contrast, the controls are not very well thought through. Aside from the car and boat controls they are very clunky and questionable, with movement being difficult to get right and taking cover means you will stick to the wall too long when you want to get going to other cover, and you will not stick to cover when you actually want to stay in it. I've found the movement and cover to be questionable at best. Switching weapon is a massive pain and will generally not be viable unless you are not actively in combat. For airplanes and helicopters there is no joystick support at all.Following what they did right with vehicles is the damage model for cars. As may be expected from a GTA game, the cars can be damaged, destroyed, and otherwise have their function impeded. Though it isn't massively realistic, it is good enough to give you natural damage effects such as veering to the left or right or the engine beginning to break and give less power. It is then a shame that this will almost never show up in multiplayer unless you are a terrible driver, because a thing that they clearly did not think about for the multiplayerNamely, the balance. Everyone gets a homing rocket launcher, no matter their level. This rocket launcher will destroy most cars in one hit and blows anything flying out of the air with a little aim and luck. This means that while you can put armour on your car to protect it from bullets, your vehicle's function is more along the lines of ""Has it exploded? Yes or no"" than anything else. Similar for non-vehicle pvp. You will be either dead in seconds or your enemy is dead, no long firefights with players here. Pvp modes are a bit better, but still often feel unfair.Much like this, the rest of the online balance is out the window- with many things costing a large amount of money and income being generally very low even for things with several millions of input needed to set them up. If you want anything more than just a gun and a random car you can still from the street, you are going to have to actively grind for money, or play for a very long time without spending on anything.The loading, and in general connecting to the online servers for a first time in a session(Or when switching session) takes a truly massive amount of time, though I have been told it is much less in single player, I will still say it is unreasonably long- You can go do the dishes and return in time to catch the end of the loading screen. Something I know because I've done that. I have no idea how they thought this was acceptable.With that said, the rest of it is mostly good- Sound and looks are pretty decent, the map seems very nicely made with lots of interesting details and plenty of hidden spots. Someone seems to have thought about everything on the mapIn the end, what really sells GTA isn't the pvp and fighting other people online. What is good about it is the single player, the missions, and the world. For online the one thing that is much more interesting than any of the official selling points is the fact that it is a world you can hop into with your friends and drive around together, do a few missions, or just decide to take everyone on a race, go parachuting, or even just play a round of golf. There may not be a real grouping up mechanic and there are a large amount of flaws in multiplayer, but as just a world for you and your friends to hang out in and do whatever you want to do it does incredibly well.I certainly got my money worth even if it would have been full price. It has a fair amount of technical issues with it, but the design is great for many things and there is almost always something to do. Sadly it seems a large part of it is just flat out bad, so maybe wait for a sale just in caseEdit: Not worth it if you're looking for multiplayer. I've tried really hard to enjoy it, but it's just not possible. The income rate you get even if you grind is not going to get you anything of note. Don't bother with it except for single player"
,Not Recommended,271590,32529111,Posted: 18 June,all,Jookeum,"Want a game you can have endless amounts of fun on that you can enjoy to your liking? Go somewhere else. This is not that game.Publisher ""Take-Two Interactive"" has openly declared with the banning of software modication tool ""OpenIV"" that they do not wish for their game to be enjoyed as it's past relatives have in any-way. With the lockout of this mod, your only alternative is to spend $50-$100 every week in their online gamemode and HOPE that you find a spec of joy."
76561198135443656,Not Recommended,271590,32529742,Posted: 18 June,all,XDChrome,"First of all, f-uck you Take-Two. You greedy f-ucking c-unts.Second, congrats! You've just killed your sales and your reputation. We are the gamers, we are the players. We're the the one who buy your games, we're the one who play it. Without us, you're nothing.Third, if you wanted to remove hackers and cheaters from the game, make a more powerful Anti-Cheat. Don't kill the modding community. They're the one who gives modifications and feedback so you can make the next game even better. You can take ideas from them and maybe give opportunities for them to work as your creative/development team you r-etarded f-ucks.Most of the people who bought your game on PC is to customize it using mods. Check my profile, I have played more than 600 hours on Grand Theft Auto 4, and what the f-uck do you think I did on those hours? LCPDFR. A mod that lets you become the police and protect the city. That's all, becoming a police. And even with the lack of optimization for the PC (bad FPS, texture loss), I still play the game until now. You know why? The mods.I'm sorry, but it's more fun than your online bulls-hit. You just wanted us to go online and spend our money on some Shark Cards.Don't support these greedy c-unts, the more you support them, the worse they get. Sorry Rockstar, you should have stayed independent. Download the game instead from S.k.i.d.r.o.w if you want to mod your game (if you're still able to)."
76561198033122957,Not Recommended,271590,32518541,Posted: 17 June,all,Deer'sVoice,GTA without mods is like a white russian without a vodka.
,Recommended,271590,21253741,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ЅрacэtrівєЅ ™,"Really fun Game to play, solo or multiplayer!Great Storyline, vehicles and incredible invirement!@Love to play with my mates...."
,Not Recommended,271590,32560254,Posted: 19 June,all,Gin,"Singleplayer is awesome, even better with Mods. Online is awful in my opinion. Wake up sheeple"
76561198044677756,Not Recommended,271590,32434478,Posted: 15 June,all,Death Grips is online,"Take-Two interactive just made GTA V a much worse game by disabling OpenIV which is the backbone for most of the games mods, please don't give these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s anymore money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32460885,Posted: 15 June,all,OrangeAir,"Basically, Rock Star hates you and only cares about your money. That was obvious from the day it first released, and the fact that it still cost a full $60, despite coming over a year later than the console versions. The screwing-over didn't stop there, though. They started charging ridiculous amounts of money for in game currency. Instead of discounting their game during Steam sales, they would only sell ""discounted"" bundles that included this in-game currency... but which still cost at least $60. When this currency apparently wasn't selling well enough, they started adding a constant stream of crazily over-priced in-game items. It used to be that there were only a couple things you could get for over a million, but now they're a dime  a dozen.And all of these complaints are only valid when the game actually works. GTA V decided to buck the trend of other AAA games; instead of improving over time, it actually gets worse! Now, It can take me up to thirty minutes just to get into an online game and stay in it. And recently, hackers managed to somehow take all of my ammo; rebuying it would cost over a hundred thousand in game dollars, which would conservatively take about an hour to earn back.Finally, they're recently started screwing over creators of single-player mods, which is hard to believe is anything other than an attempt to make even more money with some other upcoming monetization scheme."
,Not Recommended,271590,32479513,Posted: 16 June,all,KariKittyx ❤,"I liked the game, I really did... But they have no regard for the modding community, seems like this is all about money. Honestly I have no words for how much they ♥♥♥♥ed up.Sign the petition:https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32423986,Posted: 14 June,all,Raid,Removing the abillity to mod. Don't buy it on PC.
76561198052511971,Not Recommended,271590,32464513,Posted: 15 June,all,SkilletKid,"""They're either liars or idiots""One of the few reasons I got the game on PC was for LSPDFR - so no singleplayer mods means I can't really recommend this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420361,Posted: 14 June,all,Davy,"Was a fantastic game with many great advantages on the PC. Unfortunately, recent events have shown that Take-Two Interactive strongly disagrees with what ""fun"" can be for a significant chunk of the audience on the platform.This in conjunction with the realization that I haven't played it in the better part of a year or so, and I think I can call this a safe uninstall. If you've already got it on another platform, you gain nothing by grabbing it for PC. Hold onto what you've already got."
76561197971221951,Not Recommended,271590,32452262,Posted: 15 June,all,Azreal,Take Two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the mod base..  On behalf of Nerdcubed & Jim MFing sterling son am joining the group that says...  Microtransactions are not what this game is about...  Rockstar you let yourselves get shot in the foot
76561197999591828,Not Recommended,271590,32460297,Posted: 15 June,all,McShane,"We all know GTA Online was headed down the drain, with the constant grind always new things to buy but never anything new to earn money other than ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little game modes. Don't go telling me that they dont have the money or staff to make more content, they just don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and want to encourage people to buy shark cards cause the grind is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥Then there's all the false bans, which has clearly done nothing to stop the people who actually needed to be banned. Now singleplayer's replayability has been wrecked too.here's hoping they learn something from all this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32460316,Posted: 15 June,all,[Soft_Talker] Dr. Nasty,"Take-Two doesn't deserve your money. They only want to squeeze every last dollar they can out of you for a mediocre online experience that they haven't done anything to fix. They know that single-player mods cause people to play less GTA Online, and they see that as bad for their business. Don't reward these greedy scumbags for being as awful as possible to their fanbase.Oh, I almost forgot: they promised a single-player DLC, but then decided that it wasn't worth it because they get so much money from the Online game. We will never get a single-player DLC because that's how unfortunately greedy they have become. DO NOT REWARD THEM FOR KILLING MODS."
,Not Recommended,271590,32452255,Posted: 15 June,all,Xynar,they took away my mods. what a ♥♥♥♥ing letdown
,Not Recommended,271590,32460881,Posted: 15 June,all,Karmic Koala,"Really enjoyed this game when it first came out, but it seems like Rockstar and Take2 are doing all they can to kill it and suck the playerbase dry of their money.The singleplayer is fantastic, and it may be worth 60 bucks to you. The multiplayer on the other hand, is a crap-filled grind-fest to do literally anything fun. That is, unless you buy shark cards. The game is basically no fun if you don't have millions of dollars to blow, and it's basically impossible to grind that money naturally.Not to mention the recent thing with Take2 sending cease and desist letters to prominent modders and such, which is the lifeblood of the GTA community and has been since the franchise began. It's sad to see.Don't buy this game for the multiplayer, and I really wouldn't recommend you buy it at all."
,Not Recommended,271590,32681091,Posted: 23 June,all,Nightly Dawn,"The biggest mistake in video gaming history has been made, by the one and only; Take Two Interactive."
,Recommended,271590,15391607,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Lancer176,"Hands down the best online interaction ever....Think of all the GTA combined, APB reloaded, Dayz (free roam), Ranking leveling upgrading.Payday 2, arcade style need for speed racing and much more. Freeroam you kill other actual players. But doing so will give you a bad rep and stick you in bad rep games, like low priority in dota 2.An rpg of all criminals, this game is the best there is currently."
,Not Recommended,271590,32555568,Posted: 18 June,all,Comrade Yngvarr,they took our modding away
76561197991626212,Not Recommended,271590,33043840,Posted: 30 June,all,[TW]Ken,"oh well, seem like mod is back.However,  the cost of cash cards vs in-game items cost is still a joke.Cost way too much"
,Recommended,271590,15804039,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Strider,"Two years of waiting since the console release, GTA V has arrived on PC and it is spectacular. I wasn't sure what to expect when I hopped onto this game since I haven't touch anything from the series since San Andreas, but I have no qualms about the direction the game has taken. The story is amazing, three different dudes with a singular interconnected storyline that involves the three of them together, as well as smaller subplots to each character. Each character follows a story that involves some major character development along the way. The writing in the characters are solid too, each has their unique origins, opinions, everything! Supporting characters to side quests (labelled as Strangers and Freaks in-game) are pretty nicely done too, ranging from the bumbling papparazzi photographer Beverly to Cletus the roadkill obsessed redneck to the toking libertarian Barry - most have rather unusual requests but entertaining. The addition of random events occuring in the game helps spice up the mood a little, you can intercept a robbery, help as the escape driver to one, escort party-goers home etc.Heists are the big game in this title - the three main characters storylines usually converge on large scale heists (stealing a nuke from a private military group for one) that involve pre-planning and setup missions, with both loud or quiet options and additional crew members that affect how the heist goes. Both quiet or loud options have different approaches and crew members required, both are quite eventful in terms of action, pretty much none of the missions in the last few games can top the kind of action and writing put into these. Each heist pays out a rather large sum of money which can be spent upon completion of the heists, this is by far the best way to earn money in the game.Music in the game is fantastic, they have a rock and pop channel that just literally gives me the greatest nostalgic feelings, the more modern channels also have excellent electronic music, rap and a channel for classic rap too!! There's also a channel for country music... if you're into that sort of thing. The graphics on this game are simply amazing, the way the characters and objects move, the physics of moving vehicles, textures on objects, not to mention the optimization is pretty well tuned. As of writing this review, I'm using an Nvidia GTS 450 and the game runs medium graphics at a decent FPS rate of 50~, and it doesn't look terrible. The return to and remodelling of Los Santos was one of the things I liked the most about this game, you see a lot of features around the place that remind you of GTA:SA and I think that's great.You can also trip out on peyote and become a cat, that's neat.Customization for guns and cars are pretty much the same from last time though, save for the addition of camos for guns and few miscellaneous options for cars, maybe a little better but not a radical change from the last game I played. Clothing customizations are pretty neat too, each character has access to the common clothes that all three of them can wear and other clothing items that are unique to them. Hairstyles and beards are a little lacking, each character has about <5 to pick from at each barber, unlike the vast variety of options applicable to CJ ala San Andreas. Earning money is a little scarce, outside of heists, most missions don't even award you with anything beyond storyline progression (a measly reward occassionally) and opening up other side quests. Options to earn money from activities outside the story are few and far in between and don't dish out a whole lot.GTA Online's integration into the game was a big thing everyone looked forward to. The introduction is pretty cool, you begin customizing your character in a lockup, get released from prison and fly into Los Santos, meet ""YUH BOY L D"", get thrown into a sedan class race and at the conclusion of the race you are allowed to keep whatever car you ended the race in, however there are probably other better options available to steal to make your own. You may also purchase high end cars and other expensive cars through the phone's online browser too, and there are a wide variety to pick from. The heists in GTA Online require more complicated setups but the finales are more run and guns than the heists in the story, something I find a bit disappointing, also they all end up loud so the stealth feature/skill is pretty much useless. The payouts for the heists are rather substantial (items in Online are double the price they are in the story however) and unlock a variety of items to use in free-roam and other missions. However, all this aside, unless you are performing activities or heists with friends, there isn't much else to do in Online's free-roam besides waging war on random players, the police or robbing convenience stores. Heists also have little to no other checkpoints beyond a checkpoint right outside the objective location, which you will spawn at when you fail and restart. Heists will also fail immediately if a player disconnects/dies at any point of a heist, leading to the cancellation of the heist altogether. One of the most frustrating features while on a heist is the fact that teammates can hurt and kill each other, leaving griefing a very real option. I think the kicker for this all is that half the time you spend on GTA Online will be staring at a loading screen.TL;DRGTA V has an amazing story, features, music and graphics.You can get high and turn into random animals.Side quests are pretty interesting and unique.GTA Online gets old after a while, maybe really quick.Not much else interesting to do on GTA Online besides heists, races and some PVP activities.Integration of Rockstar Social Club isn't as annoying as I last remember."
,Not Recommended,271590,32436407,Posted: 15 June,all,Uusis,"Honestly, after years of allowing modding scene to be as alive as it it and then going back and banning it via lawyer? Okay.Won't be supporting that kind of decision and will not recommend people to buy this game at this point."
,Not Recommended,271590,33219316,Posted: 4 July,all,aw(p)ful,cuck devs/10
,Not Recommended,271590,32496273,Posted: 17 June,all,N55POWER,"I guess ROckstar dosent care about their fanbase and what drives them. How can you do this? you think you can shun an entire comunity that pays you? Are you really that greedy for virtual money? you like selling data so much that you do not care about your fanbase anymore? I guess it has always been about money for rockstar. I grew up with GTA and you can expect to not get a penny from me and ill teach my kids to hate rockstar, especially learning about their putrid, dishonorable ways. Go sleep with EA and live on that greed, I have lost all respect for the developers of such a popular franchise that was shaped by modders. Shame on you Take two."
,Recommended,271590,21374758,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,kms,Simeon Wants This Vehicle Simulator $1000/$1000
,Not Recommended,271590,32425967,Posted: 14 June,all,Ganbaranai,Take Two can suck a fat one.They ruined this game by removing modding ability. Nice.
,Not Recommended,271590,32425941,Posted: 14 June,all,GRIF,"Still saying don't buy it for the online, buy it to mod it and enjoy it. Welcome back OpenIV"
76561198027371308,Not Recommended,271590,32425961,Posted: 14 June,all,Sturm,"On behalf of the modding scene, ♥♥♥♥ YOU!"
76561198134535918,Not Recommended,271590,32425973,Posted: 14 June,all,Desparoto,"So Take Two did not see the error of their ways, Thankfully Rockstar was abel to get them to back off of OpenIV. Thank you Rockstar. I may forgive Take Two for trying, But I don't forget. The thumbs down will stay Take Two. It will stay becaues you tried in the first place. Origonal review below.Take Two ♥♥♥♥ You! I bought this for Mods and you off them. Im never buying anything from you again. heres the list of games that includes. RDR2, KSP, WWE anything, GTA anything. litterally anything published by you. Even if you turn around and allow mods I still wont. Fool me once shame on you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i wont give you another chance. Your a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in my eyes now and thats all you will ever be no matter what happens. goodbye and good riddance!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32427995,Posted: 15 June,all,Neo Sniper,"Take 2 has decided that they hate modding and if you want this to mod the single player game, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,271590,32425938,Posted: 14 June,all,Generic_Moron,So the devs are trying to shut down the single player modding sceneSeemingly to get more people on the online modeSo that they spend ♥♥♥♥loads on microtransactions cause everything else to earn money in MP pays out a tiny amountFFS open2 you incompent♥♥♥♥♥♥trumpets
76561198054240332,Not Recommended,271590,32425940,Posted: 14 June,all,LordNelson25,"They decided to f*ck over modders, modding is the reason why I brought this game on PC."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427979,Posted: 15 June,all,zooi,Don't buy this game. Rockstar doesn't want the players to have fun and are only after money.RIP OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32428004,Posted: 15 June,all,rankinrz,The only reason I purchased this game was to mod it.
76561198312627998,Not Recommended,271590,32461563,Posted: 15 June,all,Ch1n3y Man,"bought the game hoping to play the game with my old character from ps3 which i spent HOURS playing and achieving things. Then when i tried to transfer my character to pc, it doesnt show anything. then i did some research and i found that rockstar stopped transferring characters to pc!!! this got me so mad but i still tried playing it with my friends.It was sooo horrible because my friends transferred their character a while back and it was a PAIN to play since i was broke. have no guns, no money, no cars.dont buy the game anymore, you will be so frustrated with the limited resources."
,Not Recommended,271590,32524547,Posted: 17 June,all,JibbityJobbity,"ripit's like a free to play mobile game, you can't get anywhere without spending lots of real moneyexcept it's got a full AAA price tag"
,Not Recommended,271590,32535067,Posted: 18 June,all,Cotton Eye Joe,RIP modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32434486,Posted: 15 June,all,Fryingpan is 2 OP,they screwed the game so hard when they chose to go after the mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32426304,Posted: 14 June,all,shank,we need openiv.i want to play as shrek
76561198308107575,Not Recommended,271590,32626032,Posted: 21 June,all,robertmartin2016,This game is perfect for modding. Ruined the best part of it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32629205,Posted: 21 June,all,link4253,"I get back from a vacation only to find my scripthookV wont work and no update, look up support to see take-two pulled a cheap shot and screwed mods over, I wouldn't of purchased this game for the third time if I couldn't play mods, if I wanted to play with the normal game I would play on my PS4(which is where my online character sits because i cant transfer him the the pc), all because people using cheats on gta online, why I even heard they would ban you account completly(online and singleplayer) if you got caught cheating online so WTF, why punish people who only want to play the single player game with mods and cheats, bunch of F**KWits"
,Recommended,271590,15356079,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,da puppeh,"Rockstar did a great job, I wouldn't even call this a ""port"" from consoles. Just an entirely new version of the game. I am able to run it with a 3770k + GTX780 at 4k and get ~50-60FPS maxed out, I enabled SLI for my second GTX 780 and I am running at over 100FPS (90-144) with both cards. The first person mode + drunk is amazing when driving because you actually get the holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm about to ♥♥♥♥ up moment. But overall, I have only crashed one time due to driver issues, but so far so good. R* is one of the few game developers who still actually give a crap about PC and the optimization in this game running at 4K is amazing. All other game developers should feel shamed."
76561197970500706,Not Recommended,271590,32429747,Posted: 15 June,all,flightgamer,Take-two are ruining the game due to interference in the mod scene.Modding is why I bought the game on PC...period.Not recommended until take-two come correct.
76561198042337921,Not Recommended,271590,32436414,Posted: 15 June,all,MrDilkington10,"Bad review because Take-Two are scumbags, plus even before the whole modding scandal Rockstar were neglecting the single player in order to add to the online section where they could over charge people for♥♥♥♥♥♥shark cards. Both companies are scum, will not be buying anything from either of them again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32429740,Posted: 15 June,all,Seeqa,I can't even run the game on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop but I just got news that you can't mod it anymore so ♥♥♥♥ GTA V.
,Not Recommended,271590,32458354,Posted: 15 June,all,Treefart,Amazing game with♥♥♥♥♥♥poor publisher Take 2 taking the goodwill from the players and defecating all over it.
76561198075765319,Not Recommended,271590,32425148,Posted: 14 June,all,Fluxy,"Brought the pc version solely for the mods, now that Take Two have killed the modding scene for this game, no reason to play it ever again."
76561198074613306,Not Recommended,271590,32427291,Posted: 15 June,all,chambers.alexj,Rockstar and Take Two are a just a whole bunch of scumbags. Why the hell are there so many vehicles that are only available online to begin with? I paid for the game. I should get to play it how I want without this f**king content gating. Now they're trying to cripple modding so I can't even fix their mistakes myself?
76561198018987479,Not Recommended,271590,32461579,Posted: 15 June,all,Voxoid,"Thanks to the scumbag move of banning mods and the childish way that Take-Two Interactive went about doing so, I can't go ahead and recommend this game or any game that is in any way associated with Take-Two to anybody.Take-Two are complete scumbags and they should be ashamed of themselves for their childish, disgusting treatment of customers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32518415,Posted: 17 June,all,Maundrill,"Great going take two, you removed one of the greatest and most fun things to do after completing the games singleplayer mode. Gaming on PC has been built on modding for years. Great games have come from mods and you just gave the single player/offline players a big middle finger. i understand hacking was rampent online but for ♥♥♥♥ sake, this was a♥♥♥♥♥♥way to go around it.To be honest, Multiplayer is a boring grindfest, Everything is too expensive and your trying way to hard to push those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shark cards eh? Hackers still run rampent after your so called Take down. GG you will not be missed.EDIT: still dosent change the fact they did this in the first place so yeah. You will not be missed GTA"
,Not Recommended,271590,32535230,Posted: 18 June,all,Rust,"Bad take two !! They took our mods away from us so we have to buy their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in game currency, bad take two!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32433237,Posted: 15 June,all,Nitor,Banning people for hacking who never even modded the single player game and taking legal action against modders.♥♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198299350869,Not Recommended,271590,32859705,Posted: 27 June,all,Olive dem Pandas,"As a person who pre-ordered GTA 5, multiple times, and got 100% on it, multiple times, I will say that the single player game is great, while the Online game has become a microtransactioned money siphon for those in the right positions. When GTA Online first came out, there were things like half a million dollars given out to players who played while their character saves were having problems. The focus turned from customer service to profit margin when GTA 5 was released for the current gen consoles. At this point I already owned four copies of the game, on PS3, Xbox 360, PS4 and Xbox One, with achieved or near 100% on each. Yet due to economic balancing, and the focus of new content in Online, buying this game on Steam for PC was only a purchase for the mods. Rockstar has recently posted a comment strongly urging Take Two to change their stance, but when has your boss turned down profit margin just to make you happy? They still haven't released any statement themselves.I hae spent over 5-600 dollars on physical and digital copies, as well as Shark Cards, over the course of 6-7 years. With this new developement, as with Activision with Destiny years ago, it is a clear indication of where the market has been heading for years. We are now in a time when the video game industry is run just like that, an industry. Pressure is being put on Rockstar because of these negative reviews, but Take Two is still just sitting back making money, and laughing at the fact that everyone complaining with most likely buy in to the next game Red Dead Revolver( 2 or silly surname) that has already been confirmed to be built around the same microtransaction economy as GTA 5."
,Not Recommended,271590,32430900,Posted: 15 June,all,Gremlin,Bring back mods!
76561198134139509,Not Recommended,271590,32430909,Posted: 15 June,all,Razzle Dazzle,give our mods back
,Not Recommended,271590,32454984,Posted: 15 June,all,"SEAN ""DIPPIN DOTS R BAD"" SPICER",No singleplayer DLC and no mods thx Rockstar and Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32475540,Posted: 16 June,all,Mithril Leaf,They tried to make modding the game illegal. What a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ heads.
76561198178908915,Not Recommended,271590,32433760,Posted: 15 June,all,DPRK Pyongyang,"I liked GTA V. The mods were great, and honestly, without the mods the single player would be incredibly boring. The multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the worst multiplayer for a GTA game ever. Thanks to Take-Two for screwing over the modding scene, ♥♥♥♥ you, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,271590,15360453,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,alisefa,"Finally, damn I love this game..10/10 Epic."
76561197969297740,Not Recommended,271590,32433768,Posted: 15 June,all,smuttN,OpenIV
76561198113258025,Not Recommended,271590,32434964,Posted: 15 June,all,executionerfunshine,where's my little pony mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32435933,Posted: 15 June,all,BLADEbrother,"GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF TAKE TWO!!!As much as it pains me to leave a negative review for a game which I've bought THREE TIMES!! I can't stand by and watch OPEN IV, a 10 YEAR old modding community, get ♥♥♥♥ed over by Take Two Interactive because they want to force micro-transaction hell hole (GTA ONLINE) down single players throats. GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF TAKE TWO!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32583590,Posted: 19 June,all,Kitelime,"""We don't want to make single player DLC, but we are going to ban all the mods that make single player enjoyable""♥♥♥♥ you Take Two, and ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32425647,Posted: 14 June,all,Canada,"Take Two essentially deemed modding illegal. Though I dont play this game much, (though when I did play I enjoyed the game) I will absolutely stand up for modding and hope that what Take Two does will not spread to other games. I hope Take Two goes back on their statement and OpenIV can live again**EDIT**They recently have been working with OpenIV and have allowed it to be distributed again but I still think that this shouldn't have happened in the first place and though modding for GTA V is back I think it has left a bad mark on both Rockstar and Take Two's reputation."
,Not Recommended,271590,32436382,Posted: 15 June,all,RoboBowler,RIP mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32583575,Posted: 19 June,all,OmarAbdulHasanAliShaheedMohammed,"these guys are horrible people, they sent a cease and desist to a group of modders whos primary goal was to enhance your solo play experience. due to this, they can now legally come after anyone for using mods on their game. Not just a ban, but a real world legal issue. If you mod their games or have modded their games they could attempt legal action against you. Take two interactive has made themselves a clear threat to their community."
,Not Recommended,271590,32519420,Posted: 17 June,all,Ω pig god,The developers are like Rapunzel right now but instead of letting down their hair they let down the community
,Not Recommended,271590,32452173,Posted: 15 June,all,CynicalPopcorn,"Ever banned a harmless, single player mod and turned your community against you? These guys have."
76561197990754697,Not Recommended,271590,32561821,Posted: 19 June,all,Panda,"How the mighty have fallen...I had my share of fun with this game, but the OpenIV-incident can't be allowed to happen without consequences --> therefore no recommendation**** Take-Two!!!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32648420,Posted: 22 June,all,Bomberino,SUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCVC
76561197989758267,Not Recommended,271590,32612756,Posted: 21 June,all,Rorschach,"Behold your very eyes ladies and gentlemen... a death of a game, and probably a companyI'm a little confused on the subject matter.Let's try and understand this:~lets make a game and let people mod it!~cool!!! people are buying our product and having massive amounts of fun!~okay well let's take that moddin away from them because you know what fun is that?~hmmm we just lost 90% of our player base???yeah good luck with that rockstar and TT, you go through with this and uninstall button is my next click as well as banning your products."
,Not Recommended,271590,32474231,Posted: 16 June,all,WUXUZZ,"I'm not into modding GTA, but a lot of people are. ♥♥♥♥ off Rockstar. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but if you don't want to support Rockstar actions, don't buy it."
76561197999885554,Not Recommended,271590,32434955,Posted: 15 June,all,Lash,"Hackers have runied GTA online and Take two just banned modding for this game, RIP OpenIV."
76561198157561238,Not Recommended,271590,32460527,Posted: 15 June,all,Ceejay242,How about fixing online hacking instead of banning something that will not fix anything except flush ppls hard work down the drain
76561198186903590,Not Recommended,271590,32519973,Posted: 17 June,all,Panzergrenadier765,"This game was always fun for one reason... Modding. I haven't even played GTA Online yet because I don't want to. I never found it fun, just annoying. The only reason I bought GTA IV and GTA V was for the amazing mods produced by the Community and then Take Two decides to make the game even less enjoyable through the closure of Open IV. I uninstalled the game and don't plan on playing it for a very very long time if ever again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32472994,Posted: 16 June,all,ZaDe x boss Baby 2,"Anti - Consumerism at its finest, I would highly suggest spending your money elsewhere and not on this money grab of a game."
,Not Recommended,271590,32523347,Posted: 17 June,all,SUNSET NEON '87,I like mods
76561198134811176,Not Recommended,271590,32524176,Posted: 17 June,all,Natoriouspig,Good singleplayerGarbage multiplayer
76561198098430092,Not Recommended,271590,32523862,Posted: 17 June,all,covermetaco,"Do not support this game until take two allows mods again! This game is fun, but Take Two has proven to be a plauge on the industry."
,Not Recommended,271590,32524744,Posted: 17 June,all,Blackheart13137,"Never buying another game from Rockstar, they screw over the PC community and can never get enough $$$, that's ALL they care about."
76561198005850940,Not Recommended,271590,32524788,Posted: 17 June,all,Ballsinacan01,"I have Played GTA since the days of the top down game. GTA 3 was the point in which it made this game a ""Franchise"". I remember Liberty city and had the city memorized...After the comments of T2 it feels completely wrong for some one to support them.*Do I belame them for there comments: NO*Why: as others EA,Ubi, and countless others treat gamers like cash cows. They dont create games for the educated consumer but they pray on the young (children) where mommy and daddy will had over the credit card to shut their kid up.  (if your my age think pogz or pokemon cards)I also belame us, the gamers for accepting this BS. Look EA releases a new madden every year, it the same damn game, and ppl buy it for 60 bucks or more...If we were smart we ""gamers"" wouldnt pay for it, make them offer new rosters as dlc for 20 bucks instead, untill they really change the game..Also please note - every time you buy ditigal content with ""cash"", the company makes 1000% profit as it takes the dev team minimal effort to make it.So the Question is how do we change it? We need to take responsibility, which seems lost in the world today.And We must demand more from the game company and have legal repoisbilitys to the comsumer. I can bet that you local goverment probably does even know how toxic the bussiness practices are in the gaming industry. We have no rights with early access games, they can say one thing and never delivery and if they dont high tale it out of the game once cash grab is done, what ever they deliver is totally incomplete.All the BestBallsinacan"
,Not Recommended,271590,32524907,Posted: 17 June,all,statiC.,"These people keep getting more and more greedy. The in-game microtransactions are honestly absurd in terms of price, and now with this whole fiasco involving OpenIV, C'mon how greedy can you get. They obviously have done things not only legally but with the well being of the game in mind, in order to expand the experience this game has already 100% provided. So Take Two Interactive, please get your heads out of your asses and start improving the game/servers yourself instead of adding another P.O.S update, just to get more money out of people that bought this already expensive game. And stop harassing a company that only had good intentions."
,Not Recommended,271590,32523342,Posted: 17 June,all,Burnick,"Take2 Games has screwed up offically.  Gta4 has lasted as long as it has in its life time because of its modding community and people loved it.We all wanted the same thing for GTA5 PC, It is why we wanted the PC port, why we bought the PC port in the first place.For the modding community that we all loved in GTA4.And now your sending out cease and desist orders against modders? Because you wanna sell your stupid Shark cards?What a $60(USD)($79.99 CAD) from 80 million copys ina  record breaking game doesn't satisify you? You need to kill the thing everyone loved about Gta4 and wanted too continue through GTA5 for your stupid shark cards?This is how you kill off a game thats managed too survive this long, ina  very quick manner.I hope you get DDOSed, Or these Overwhelmingly negative reviews continue.-Sincerely, a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off consumer who loved GTA4's modding Community.This game coulda been great,"
76561197994588260,Not Recommended,271590,32524710,Posted: 17 June,all,Altruistic Bill Beck,"Over 600 hours, i actually think this game is good. I regret nothing I do in it including the one ban I caused to myself and I admit that.I do admit the F2P economy of GTA 5 is cancerous and even though I don't use OpenIV, I still understand what the community is suffering and support the push against it.Banning Modifications In a Nutshellhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stNse8OjWIE"
76561198017877888,Not Recommended,271590,32524208,Posted: 17 June,all,Tacticalmobius,I originally bought this game for the sole purpose of mods now that take two is handing out cease and desist orders banning mods i'll no longer be a take two customer.
,Not Recommended,271590,33065480,Posted: 30 June,all,spulet,No
,Not Recommended,271590,16962540,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,✟4²ºƒιиεssε✟°,Steam took this game from me saying there's a problem with payment. They will not answer me anyway I try to contact them. Haven't been able to play a $70 game I paid for in over a week now. The game is just a modder fest anyway. Join a game get killed by a modder 100x etc.
,Not Recommended,271590,32425653,Posted: 14 June,all,ERROR,Banning mods is not a good idea
,Not Recommended,271590,32582244,Posted: 19 June,all,roody,publishers decided they wanted to ruin the community
76561198046901527,Not Recommended,271590,17029373,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,bamboozledwaffle,"This game is like eating 10 pills of viagra and having a great time, and then you OD and die of a heart attack. BAssically it seems great at first but then the hackers online and the constant bugs really ruin your experience"
,Not Recommended,271590,32560269,Posted: 19 June,all,S5TiG3R,"Banning Mods even in sp. Does not hurt the game much, not even the gta online.Had to crack the game even I legit bought it.Greedy Take-Two & Rockstar Games, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
76561198164969291,Not Recommended,271590,32764382,Posted: 25 June,all,oi,dont buy it. everything is over priced. sharkcards are stupidly high. you have to grind till you die to get anywhere. rockstar are money grabbing idiots.
76561198122022585,Not Recommended,271590,33020426,Posted: 29 June,all,teremaster,This game is 4 years old and they're still charging $75 for it. It's a decent game just don't pay full price or else you're condoning this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pricing.
,Not Recommended,271590,19918706,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Burger,"The Anti-Cheat bans innocent people, Hackers still roam freely, OpenIV is stopping, no Mods in Singleplayer, TakeTwo really just screwed up the fun of this game. It is a fun game, but with all that, it's not even worth playing Singleplayer anymore without mods after completing Campaign or trying to join Public Sessions with hackers everywhere. If you are starting out new in GTA Online, it's going to be pretty tough dealing with getting lots of money for CEO Organizations and Warehouses without spending a couple bucks.Gameplay = 6.5/10Anti-Cheat = 3/10TakeTwo = 0/10Micro-Transactions = 4/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32431028,Posted: 15 June,all,BlackFireBoosted,"Cease and desist on modders, never buying another one of Take Two’s games. I wish I could refund this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32547768,Posted: 18 June,all,ocean man™,JUST BECUSE
,Not Recommended,271590,32426543,Posted: 14 June,all,Thenatar007,"3 words cease and desist, Take 2 just ♥♥♥♥ed everything that was good about the pc port. Yes there still is mods but the largest tool for modding, Open IV just got ♥♥♥♥ed for making the game fun.I bet most of the people writing the bad reviews came from someone like NerdCubed"
,Not Recommended,271590,32613782,Posted: 21 June,all,RD2STU,Very poor treatment of the community.
,Not Recommended,271590,32506664,Posted: 17 June,all,Platoonero,They shut down the modding community only to push the shark cards purchases. They are worse than EA.
76561198019095586,Not Recommended,271590,32537053,Posted: 18 June,all,perecallahan,Decent game but the publishers are obsessed with squeezing every last dime out of its customer base. Dont support this type of company.
,Not Recommended,271590,32662854,Posted: 22 June,all,(Ω)Spatz76,s-ite...
,Not Recommended,271590,32461589,Posted: 15 June,all,Rhodes,Take 2 best take 2 on that cease and desist letter
76561198090006060,Not Recommended,271590,32494252,Posted: 16 June,all,Lord Putin of the Succ,You don't kill the modding scene for a game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32507286,Posted: 17 June,all,ME LLAMO ROBERTO,sale wacho
,Not Recommended,271590,32425142,Posted: 14 June,all,Karma's Camera,"I would recommend this game to fans of Rockstar, the franchise, and open-world game aficionados alike, but what Take-Two have just pulled off recently is completely unacceptable.They have essentially claimed that modding is a legal offense, even in the single-player mode; stating that OpenIV (A tool used to make almost every single mod created for the franchise and they DO NOT touch the multiplayer aspect) are ""allowing third parties to defeat security features of its software and modify that software in violation Take-Two’s rights“ in a recent cease-and-desist letter.The reason for this?Microtransactions.Take-Two can't get enough of them.They are attempting to push as many people away from modding their single-player experience and into the microtransaction-covered multiplayer.Even though this is the SECOND-BIGGEST-SELLING VIDEO GAME OF ALL TIME (Tetris doesn't count as there's a bazillion different versions and Wii Sports as well cos it was bundled with the Wii), they apparently aren't making enough money through microtransactions.Do not support this game or any other that have been published by Take-Two any further until they step down from this stace.This could set a dangerous legal precedent if they let this stand; threatening every single game in existence."
,Not Recommended,271590,32532009,Posted: 18 June,all,tinyhitman,online went to♥♥♥♥♥♥and now they take away mods. talking about self destruction
,Not Recommended,271590,32531692,Posted: 18 June,all,Sehra Novosveric,"You messed with the wrong people, Take Two.Now behold the consequences."
,Not Recommended,271590,32558863,Posted: 18 June,all,Muh Shekels,Save OpenIV and don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32432896,Posted: 15 June,all,Death's son,"If you already have the console version(s), and only wanted to buy this game for modding, well, too bad, cause some suited people wanted to make modding go away from GTA 5."
76561198055807706,Not Recommended,271590,32514724,Posted: 17 June,all,Darth Bone,"Don't buy this game. The developers are ♥♥♥♥ing the community in the♥♥♥♥♥ It's also plagued by hackers in which rockstar refuses to fix. Also, there will NEVER be any singleplayer dlc even though it was promised to be released. DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY BY BUYING THIS GAME."
76561198039710294,Not Recommended,271590,32426167,Posted: 14 June,all,Kagstrom2100,"Please don't buy this, Take-Two don't don't give a flying crap about the players, all they care about is money. NOTHING else.They just banned a very important mod."
76561198049081669,Not Recommended,271590,32973082,Posted: 28 June,all,Grandma Tarkin,"This game provides an accurate simulation of what its like to have no job and live in a world fueled by instant gratification and greed.So much wasted potential, what a shame."
76561198046637501,Not Recommended,271590,32998922,Posted: 29 June,all,komikoze,"Rockstar I thought I could count on you, what was first a fanstastic game now has become a grind nightmare. Perhaps it was because single player was a good distraction or there was a lot less multimillion dollar items but now it's quite clear that you want to make it so hard to make money that we'll buy shark cards or hack.The double money events and discounts are brief and unpredictable sighs of reliefs that seem to only allow you to buy one of numerous multimillion price tagged items.The grind and small opporunities to make money makes it feel like a free mobile game that relies on micro-transactions, but the fact that I paid 60$ and can only enjoy a small fraction of the game leaves me with dissapointment and lost in trust in rockstar.I think I'll hold off on pre-ordering red dead  redemption 2 in fear of the same outcome."
76561198205091359,Not Recommended,271590,32428863,Posted: 15 June,all,FG | Biggest Banana,"First ♥♥♥♥♥tar bump up the price and then they REMOVE MODS! ♥♥♥♥ TAKE-TWO! I used to love the game, but they're serious money ♥♥♥♥♥s who love to fiddle each other's tiny erections."
,Not Recommended,271590,32428920,Posted: 15 June,all,sitd xd,"Why are you like this, stop ♥♥♥♥ing the game up"
76561198059392439,Not Recommended,271590,32629199,Posted: 21 June,all,colby.price,"♥♥♥♥ you, Take Two. Mods are the lifeblood of PC games. You ♥♥♥♥ed up big time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32647162,Posted: 22 June,all,AglowBigfoot,"This swayed my decision to either buy or not buy Red Dead Redemption 2. Oh wait, it's not even coming to PC anyways, screw you Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32690350,Posted: 23 June,all,Mugæbräx,Multiplayer is just pay to win. DONT buy. You wont be able to use anything in the trailer above.
,Not Recommended,271590,28406795,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,hypster0628,"They completely forgot about single player. All they care about is online and their ♥♥♥♥ing Shark Cards. Every DLC since Ill Gotten Gains has been some online exclusive garbage where the vehicles cost some ridiculous amount of money, pushing you to buy Shark Cards with real money. This is NOT what GTA is about. It was created upon the single player experience. Multiplayer should only be a facet of the game, not its focus. This franchise is going down the drain. Modders are the only shining light, creating workarounds for these vehicle blocks. When you attempt to spawn a MP vehicle in SP using a mod, it will disappear as soon as you enter it. The DLC weapons would be greyed out on your weapon wheel, unavailable for use. They are keeping content away from single players because they are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427576,Posted: 15 June,all,Shadow Raikou,♥♥♥♥ing rockstar banning mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,19440174,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,.li0n | LogitechG,"I regret buying this. GTA IV was better in every way possible.-The MP community is 99% made of children that are ~10 years old with an IQ score lower than their shoe size.-Rockstar tries to make you buy their overpriced shark cards with every update since people are bored of the damned repetitive missions with low rewards and this actually works well for them, earning money for the company....The only thing I don't regret is that I can play as a black person that can actually get along whites in the singleplayer mode."
,Not Recommended,271590,32787073,Posted: 25 June,all,JQM,Mods ftw.
,Not Recommended,271590,32547780,Posted: 18 June,all,xxtonyjxx,Go f yourself
,Not Recommended,271590,32547773,Posted: 18 June,all,Sol_3 [UK],Money grabbers. Anti modders. Don't support take 2 anymore.
,Not Recommended,271590,32606898,Posted: 20 June,all,FLEETY | Tipofthehats.org,"Summarization of the current GTA 5 situation.Little John (Rockstar) went to the park to play with his friend Little Timmy (OpenIV). They had a fun time playing with their games and mods until Little John's dad Big Bad Bob (Take-Two Interactive) beat the living shurt out of Little Timmy (OpenIV) with a GIANT AS STICK™ (A Cease and Desist). Next thing you know, Little Timmy (OpenIV) is VERY DEAD. Big Bad Bob (Take-Two Interactive) is going to lose all his money due to loss of players at his Weekly Poker Games (GTA 5) because all his players are really angry that he killed Little Timmy (OpenIV).550 hours into this decent game, only for it to be ruinded by some corporate feggets who NEED MORE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOONEY!Take-Two should cut."
76561198025788531,Not Recommended,271590,32769329,Posted: 25 June,all,Null,"Sorry Take Two, but just becaus you've gone and said modding is ok now doesn't mean we forgot what you tried to do. Such scummy actions by Take Two Interactive are unlikely to stop here, and until I'm proven wrong by substantial evidence, this review stays negative. 1/5 stars."
,Not Recommended,271590,33742273,Posted: 23 July,all,Aniimol,"I simply cannot recommend this broken, pay to win cash cow.Good game ruined by bad business model."
,Not Recommended,271590,32442544,Posted: 15 June,all,dsDan,Take 2 are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s - Bring back modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32469309,Posted: 16 June,all,▲ Antlink,I'm leaving a negative review on behalf of the OpenIV team.NOTE: It's Take Two Interactive who you should direct hate too. Not Rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,32475549,Posted: 16 June,all,Navity,Cant back a company that turns around and attacks their own community.
,Not Recommended,271590,16100107,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Nynozy,"Me on the 14th: Ah let's see if there is news from GTA 5 today.Reads: ""Modding in GTA 5 is declared illegal""2 minutes later:Steam: Are you sure you want to uninstall GTA 5?Me: SPAM THE YES BUTTON!"
76561198120668897,Not Recommended,271590,32448969,Posted: 15 June,all,AJS,"Take 2 after all of your money they have broken the online because it is full of microtransactions.Also, the single player has been left behind so they can make you pay on the online features."
,Not Recommended,271590,32469320,Posted: 16 June,all,TheDutchGoat,"Hello Take-Two,I know that rockstar doesnt want modding to be banned because at the start they where supporting it. But because there is money involved thing change radicaly. When banning modding you take away the fun you can have with non vanilla software. By doing this you are forcing your buyers (players) to play what you have created. If you are paying money for something you should have the right to alter it in a little way. Its the same with cars you buy a car and may change the color of it as many times as you want or even upgrade it without buying a new one. I tink you should revise your choice of banning modding and making it undone.TheDutchGoat"
76561198139202826,Recommended,271590,18795246,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ToneDeafSnake,Forget what everyone says about online play. Yes there are lots of hacker and yes it kind of stinks to play public. But when has GTA been good publicly?  Get some friends to play online. The great new gamemodes that they are coming out with are so fun and pay very nice. I have had endless fun on this (What I would call) the greatest game ever made.
,Not Recommended,271590,32506896,Posted: 17 June,all,Chaaarlesthe1st,Take Two can suck a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,32549609,Posted: 18 June,all,(BlackBird) Sorata Kanda,"Give us mods back, we didnt do anything to you Take Two you trash."
76561198028612886,Not Recommended,271590,32547983,Posted: 18 June,all,The_Crimson_King,"♥♥♥♥ these devs, ♥♥♥♥ Take Two. They make ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t crap that we dont ask for, that can only be play in multiplayer. They abandoned single player content. And just recently they shut down all modding possiblities. I DONOT reccomend this game or anything else owned by Rockstar. They want your money and all of it."
76561198045887480,Recommended,271590,15366055,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Teenis,"Yes. I played this on the Xbox 360 on the day it came out. There was no online, so i played the single player, then i realised that the rendering of the game was just awful! Then Online came out, I tryed it, It didin't work at all, When it did it was fun. i would give it a 8/10, But on PC it fixes EVERYTHING. The online PERFECT, the singleplayer PERFECT, the rendering PERFECT. so in short note0/10 IGN - too much water"
76561197968155978,Not Recommended,271590,32478854,Posted: 16 June,all,Battlemints,"Take-Two killed modding in GTA V, no point in buying this game now."
76561198059707760,Not Recommended,271590,32941576,Posted: 28 June,all,Maccadelic,pay to play
,Not Recommended,271590,32496816,Posted: 17 June,all,Revdog,OpenIV team worked so hard...♥♥♥♥ you take two
,Not Recommended,271590,32455688,Posted: 15 June,all,Joninator The Spooky,"Take Two killed the OpenIV mod software for GTA V in order to save Online from cheaters, despite OpenIV could not modify the multiplayer files. Honestly it takes a special kind of stupid to outright claim that modding isn't allowed for your game. Mods are part of the PC gaming experience and allow for people to enjoy their games in new and fun ways, or sometimes fix issues the devs have not with unoffical pattches. Yes, some people will go too far and use mods to gain an unfair advantage and cheat in the game, but killing off modding won't stop that. You can't just flap a legal document around and think everyone is going to stop. There are still going to be cheaters, and honestly banning mods is going to make more people cheat to spite the publisher. Rockstar has nothing to do with this, they've openly showcased mods and said that they enjoy the community created content. The blame for this action falls with Take Two. I will however commend Take Two, it takes guts to do something so stupid that is bound to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the community. 0/10 for killing the modding community. 10/10 for their balls for doing this however.https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder859/500x/34373859/this-is-not-your-regular-darkness-this-isnt-your-average-everyday-stupid-this-is-advanced-stupid.jpg"
,Not Recommended,271590,28921080,Posted: 1 January,all,Rancis Fluggerbutter,"Dont buy this game to be able to play online 'cause:I bought this game to play online with my friends. Did all the steps to make my Rockstar Social Club account, did the prologue of GTA V Single Player and joined online.Loading took allot of time ending me up in a server where hell broke lose. Explosions everywhere, randomly dieing, locked inside a cage, getting instant rich (that was the good part in my eyes lol) to have my game crashed. Trying to go back online getting the message my account have been suspended for a month!How does this company gets away with this???As you can see at my hours played rockstar reviewed my account and lifted the suspension  and apoligized them for this unconvience."
,Not Recommended,271590,32463652,Posted: 15 June,all,Vipexx,No mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32672130,Posted: 23 June,all,☜🔥☞NepTooN8☜💎☞,Now the game is not successful because a lot of people are getting Ban for no reason and real cheters not.
,Not Recommended,271590,32426122,Posted: 14 June,all,Hypnotica,"Grand Theft Auto V is easily the best Single Player open world games I've ever played. It's full of content, the world is detailed and lively, and everything feels fun, crazy and yet balanced, and up until recently, the modding community was thriving and successful. However, Take-Two has now ordered a Cease & Desist on OpenIV, one of the main required tools used in Modding for GTA. This was done because modding could be seen as taking away from their precious Shark Cards and GTA Online that provide them money. That brings me to the other major problem with GTA 5.GTA Online is a terrible game. It's P2W, with outrageously expensive microtransactions to be able to have even the slightest bit of fun. The only extra content for the game is released EXCLUSIVELY to online, and cannot be used in single player, and the Single Player Expansions that were in the works were cancelled after Take Two realised how much they could milk players with expensive microtransactions in Multiplayer. If you don't want to spend any money in GTA Online, you're going to have a miserable time, because there is simply nothing to do, because all the weapons, ammo, vehicles, houses, clothing and cool new DLC items are ridiculously overpriced, to the point where unless you want to grind for literal days of in-game time to get even the cheapest items, you have to pay upwards of $100USD. It's ridiculously pathetic, money-grabbing, and it astounds me how there is still so many people who play GTA Online.Previously I was willing to put up with the terrible online mode because I could still enjoy myself in Single Player with many mods, and have a super fun time, But now with the C&D of OpenIV is the it looks like Take-Two is ♥♥♥♥ing over any consumers it can, trying to ensure that if they want to have any fun, they indulge in their overpriced microtransactions, and I refuse to accept it anymore. If you care about the future of the industry at all, don't support Take-Two and GTA V and don't buy their games."
76561198141833529,Not Recommended,271590,34131492,Posted: 9 August,all,Brazenrose,Awesome single player and fun gameplay but a few months after PC release DONT BUY BECAUSE ROCKSTAR IS AGAINST MODDING NOW also multiplayer was fun until it became absouletley necessary to grind for days to buy ONE COOL THING and i mean full on days of gameplay for ONE THING or spend like 200 dollars to get ONE THING its not even worth it in the end really and once your done with single player the idea would be LETS MOD IT UP FOR EVEN MORE FUN but rockstar said NOPE NOW PLAY ONLINE AND SPEND 1000000000000 dollars to buy that water skiing four wheeler that gives you 15 minutes of fun and wow until its not cool and you want to try something else that also takes 15 years of your life an actual MMORPG P2W makes you spend less time grinding for♥♥♥♥♥♥that you could pay for and forget about SHIEST becuase the SHIEST take to long and pay kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥for all your time and work POOP/10
76561197964763021,Not Recommended,271590,17490429,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,[R-Studio] dbsoldier,"I may be the only person on the whole earth that, will not recommend Grand Theft Auto V.i will give some reasons on why i dont recommend it and here is why:1) have some fps drops, both in combat and non-combat events.and has been like that since released(i run the game on high and i can any other game on ultra like BF4 without any fps drop.2) in multiplayer i experience more less all the times delays(fx when i play with friends, i sit in their car to drive from one point to a other, and their yell at me why are you still in the car, when we are on the next point, but for me we are still on the same place, and have been fixed a bit but not much for me anyway.3)also in multiplayer sometimes i lags for no reasons and have also fps drops, last time i checked it ran from 60 fps to 5 fps(doing a mission and also finished it and still was on 5 fps)  and was that like that for 10 mins and then i decided to exit the game, and then dont want to play it for whileand after i experience issues like that, its makes the game mostly non playable for me wish is sad its have some good things and contents but for its current build i will say no go for me.but you can be more lucky with the game then i have with mine. i am just one of the few unlucky ones"
,Not Recommended,271590,28157992,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,✪Natalepao™ csgoroll.com,WE NEED MODS....
,Not Recommended,271590,32524352,Posted: 17 June,all,Whadderfark csgolive.com,"♥♥♥♥ you Take Two, you deserve this......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,15721279,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,FreeKill,I gave you guys the benefit of the doubt last time. I guess I had to do a Take-Two on that stance.
,Not Recommended,271590,32460709,Posted: 15 June,all,Vindicator285,"Mods are banned, going back to gta san andreas."
,Not Recommended,271590,32686787,Posted: 23 June,all,Rizla,"i own the game, if i want to mod it i should be able to"
,Not Recommended,271590,32502991,Posted: 17 June,all,WeDDo,Garbage
,Not Recommended,271590,15356996,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,aLt,"Bought it with the intent of playing online. Unfortunately I can't recommend it because the people responsible for the management of the online community simply do not care about it. I had lots of fun when it was first released but nowadays it's just unbearable. You can't play a 2 hour session without encounterind a cheater that will completely ruin your experience. I'm not even mad, just disappointed at Rockstar for neglecting what is not only one of the best games ever made, but their biggest project to date. I hope they fix it in the next few months, until then you should go play something else."
,Not Recommended,271590,32800029,Posted: 25 June,all,Cold Mtn Dew,Game no longer moddable and optimized like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not purchase
,Not Recommended,271590,32574278,Posted: 19 June,all,Bashy,Bring the mods back.
,Not Recommended,271590,19602368,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,=LXN= IceGT,Who likes a lawyer?
,Not Recommended,271590,17219791,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Ziden,We all love GTA V but not without Mods! you just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on your plate. you will never give any joy to people you used to give. No one will ever support your ♥♥♥♥♥iest game.
76561198194469935,Not Recommended,271590,32825766,Posted: 26 June,all,brhodshon,"Take two has ruined the comunity and the game!!  Will never spend another cent in gta online!!!....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32788144,Posted: 25 June,all,Speshal,"You ban our mods, we ban your income."
,Not Recommended,271590,28621917,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Totes_Not_A_Gril,"This game is fun, but DualShock 4 compatibility is still broken. Only XBOX button prompts show. R2 button does not work to shoot guns in standard controls. I had to switch to alternate controls in order to play the game fully (mostly driving) with a controller. Other than that, it's an OK open-world game. Read up on Rockstar's practices with the game and make sure they're a developer you want to support. If I knew how poorly they've treated their community in the past, I wouldn't have bought the game in the first place."
,Not Recommended,271590,32829315,Posted: 26 June,all,Bandito Mosquito,"Got rip of mods in hopes of furthering their income, enough said"
76561198082878151,Not Recommended,271590,32513350,Posted: 17 June,all,hitlerpopular,no mods wtf
,Not Recommended,271590,33204062,Posted: 3 July,all,Cursed Soul,"Overrated cashgrabber, the only reason why I play to this game is to play with some friends and mod in my offline playthrough."
76561197988622652,Not Recommended,271590,30059917,Posted: 20 February,all,Amnesia,Got banned because a hacker in the server Teleported every player on the server to one point starting  to dropping bags  lagging us all out could not move or anything i have Video proof of this and still rockstar refuses to even watch the video's They just banned me till 24-2-2017   and wipe all Progress <<<< R U SERIOUS BTCH!This is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t never in my life i have cheated on a Multiplayer game and Rockstar decides Yeah buddy you are deffinitly hacking no disscusion You Get banned and all your hard earned progress wiped.Jezus christ Rockstar Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Look at all these Reviews. i seriously feel let down by rockstar as im playing their games for over 10 years now.Steam Please contact Rockstar about this problem.
,Not Recommended,271590,32433093,Posted: 15 June,all,[120th]Cliff,"2K games:""We are under monetising the consumer""Cease and decists to the modders♥♥♥♥ you from me! ;)"
,Not Recommended,271590,32478788,Posted: 16 June,all,The Biker™,♥♥♥♥ Take 2 Interactive
76561197965341160,Not Recommended,271590,32471186,Posted: 16 June,all,Kev006,"I bought this game to play with mods, they removed modding support.  No thanks scumbags!"
,Not Recommended,271590,32471310,Posted: 16 June,all,A $ A P S Q U A T,"Trying to stop modders, wanting to add more micotranactions rockstar and take two are shity companies"
76561197976442619,Not Recommended,271590,32471327,Posted: 16 June,all,ceecrb1,"The latest DLC just completely un-balances the game and makes it impossible for anyone not interested in it. The explosive rounds are just impossible to avoid and give no prior warning like missiles.Take 2 can shove their microtransaction greedy game up their &$$. Especially as after all their anti-mod ideas, I still get my weapon wheel emptied and my game ruined by hackers. Great work done by idiots in suits."
,Not Recommended,271590,32471346,Posted: 16 June,all,Atlas,Jävla cuck
,Not Recommended,271590,32471373,Posted: 16 June,all,RonniBarker,On behalf of the OpenIV team.
,Not Recommended,271590,32471381,Posted: 16 June,all,GuyGamer,RIP gta modding
76561198068983603,Not Recommended,271590,32471203,Posted: 16 June,all,StarScrappe,"I did like this game, I really did. The only reason I bought it on PC was to mod the online weapons and vehicles in single-player and now Rockstar has taken that away. I have literally not a single reason to play this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,271590,32471355,Posted: 16 June,all,Shawn Mendes,its simple .you ban the modwe'll gonna ban your income:)
76561198133394028,Not Recommended,271590,32439303,Posted: 15 June,all,Ryzen,Modding is now ruined. I wouldnt reccomend until this is resolved
76561198063115055,Not Recommended,271590,32471328,Posted: 16 June,all,Red,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Mods were a gift to GTA. Also online is getting to a point where it takes far too long to grind for cash , they are obviously trying to box us in to buy shark cards."
76561198031805268,Not Recommended,271590,32455028,Posted: 15 June,all,Soarek,"Let's say we turned a blind eye to shark cards, the extremely low paid missios,  infinite grind to get stuff in game and the tons of hackers doing what they want. Having mods banned it's the last straw. In my opinion the way taketwo handles buisiness is downright horrible. And let's not take in the fact that this game still costs 60 euro after almost 4 years. I get it, always more content, but more doesn't mean better... The core gameplay gets boring and the new missions are fun for a few weeks then no one plays them. You really need to shift your focus..And some calculations:- a yacht costs 8mil- a shark card for 8mil costs 74.99You are paing for a damn boat in a game you bought more than the game itself. It's horrible.And the biggest paying mission in game is ~300k per player (Standard Pacific Job) and it takes, including setups, more than one hour for sure (maybe two or even 3, i forgot). And that is if you manage to take all the money. You will have to repeat the same mission at least ~27 times to manage to buy just the yach."
,Recommended,271590,28636974,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,shREKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK #Steelseries,"Hello CENTIPEDES ABOUT TO BUY THIS GAME!First of all, this game is AWESOME AS F. Like, literally the story and the map will just make you fall in love. The cars are insane looking and the game feels like it was made with sooooooo much love <3. The slo-mo thing when switching radio wheel,switching characters are selecting weapon are extremely awesome :DSecondly, online. Yeah, its pretty ok. Its hard to earn money(maybe cuz i suck ?;-;). Well, if you arent into money try playing these REALLY AWESOME ADVERSARY MODES. My favourite is Deathline cuz that Tron light destroying the other player just makes you feel soooooo good :DAnd yes, the players giving a negative review you see on reading the reviews? Yeah, **** them. They are just there to make the ratings look bad. And since they whine so much, sadly our community needs reasons to blame the developers for something that is not even real.IN A NUTSHELL THE GUYS WHO SAY ROCKSTAR IS BANNING PEOPLE IN ONLINE FOR OVERLAYS(discord comes a lot here) ARE JUST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING. Just google it,or maybe follow the reddit page of r/GrandTheftAutoV where a guy blamed rockstar for banning his 500 something level player. An awesome investigator(dont remember the name) found that he was indeed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing and all his proofs were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.JUST BUY THIS GAME GUYS WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"
,Not Recommended,271590,32602145,Posted: 20 June,all,Negus,Removing mods is like taking out the organs from a living body. It will kill it.
,Recommended,271590,17516656,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,billybob41,"Single player is very well put together and has amazing graphics. Online is unfortunately ruined...No need to buy these ""Shark Cash Cards"" from the store, most players have exploited money and just give millions away on the street. These players use the best guns with aimbots, speed hacks, name spoofs & unfortunately its getting worse...Still hard to recommend this game with the online being so chaotic. However, I am a huge GTA fan with many years of playing older series, this one beats the rest!"
76561198053863544,Not Recommended,271590,24015816,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GPR809,"Played a heist setup then another, then the guy wanted to do the elite challenge so i went along on the first heist. Just beat the second setup and then i get the endless loading screen that takes a century... I then wanted to throw my monitor out the window, along with this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,271590,19542451,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rap1D >  h1z1swap.com,"Best game ever ,but i play online and I see too much hackers rockstar please"
,Not Recommended,271590,15385177,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Koopsyyy,"Congratulations on creating a ♥♥♥♥♥torm , You esentially killed modding for the entire game you ungrateful sh*ts."
,Recommended,271590,15577206,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ＳＡＤ,Social Club is my Social life now..help.
,Not Recommended,271590,32420199,Posted: 14 June,all,Ph¡l,http://openiv.com/?p=1324https://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv
,Not Recommended,271590,32421515,Posted: 14 June,all,SupaCURE,"Absolutely despicable business practices. Taking out modding support and making it illegal is absolutely ridiculous. You will never receive another dime from me for any of your franchises.For anyone interested this also includes Civ and Kerbal Space Program, Xcom, and a few others. Avoid these titles like the plague. GTA V modding is literally ""illegal"" now but Xcom isn't?Avoid any Take2 title for your own sake and DEFINITELY DO NOT BUY GTA V IF YOU WERE INTERESTED IN MODDING IT!"
76561198042015344,Not Recommended,271590,32460327,Posted: 15 June,all,Indestructible Robot Gangster #1,"I only play SP with mods latley, now thats a nono?Thanks for the big middle finger, taketwo and rockstar.LOL even if RDR does come to pc, sadly, its now off my buy list.You need to take a big hydraulic suck on my s*%t pipe."
,Not Recommended,271590,32427286,Posted: 15 June,all,Phontonic,rip openIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32551376,Posted: 18 June,all,MULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULK,♥♥♥♥my mods died. horribul
76561198114233181,Not Recommended,271590,32547764,Posted: 18 June,all,1000ShotsNoKill,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you, you bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..Sign the petitionhttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv"
,Not Recommended,271590,32475242,Posted: 16 June,all,OwenCobs,"I don't normally leave reviews, but in light of Take Two's legal threat towards OpenIV. I'll just leave this here."
,Not Recommended,271590,32477457,Posted: 16 June,all,Sangheili,"I haven't even played this game in a long time, nor used any mods on it, but I still hate to see Take Two messing with the modding community of the game.Create a better anti-cheating system, rather than going after the modders who are just seeking to improve the singleplayer experience."
,Not Recommended,271590,32549159,Posted: 18 June,all,PxlBuzzard,"GTA5 is a great game. I'm writing this to ask Take Two to reconsider their stance on OpenIV. Modding, particularly in singleplayer, is a critical function to expand the lifespan and community of this game in the long-term."
,Not Recommended,271590,32549185,Posted: 18 June,all,ISOLATION,"Inexcusable, Take Two. I regret giving you money for this product after how you've treated the community."
76561198085935655,Not Recommended,271590,32538743,Posted: 18 June,all,JohnyMcFace,"The whole reason of PC is to be able to mod. The solution to modding in online is taking away the menus, not a tool which goes out of its way to make sure it is only used in single player"
,Not Recommended,271590,32484172,Posted: 16 June,all,zackdoo,♥♥♥♥ you Take Two.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Y o u. Thanks for the reminder that your paying customers are nothing but vending machines for you. You won't be getting more of my money.
,Not Recommended,271590,33838293,Posted: 27 July,all,.:Mystic:.,"Fun, when you don't crash randomly, or you load in at all.When a game makes you restart the game just to get to the main menu, sorry but I can't support it. GTA V has fun gameplay, but the community and how unstable it can be is just too much. Also, the performance reccomendations are borderline lies. I have higher specs than the reccomended specs, yet I can't get through the driving tutorial without the game dying whenever I crash or go relativley fast. I tried to optimise the settings with GeForce experience, yet all it does is max it out. While that is on GeForce Experience, it really ruins the feel for the game when you have to take your settings to low-medium for a game thats almost 4 years old.If you can deal with the community, the crashes and can run it perfectly fine, I reccomend this game. Otherwise, spend your 60$ on something better."
,Not Recommended,271590,32461895,Posted: 15 June,all,Commander Link,"A once great game, one set to be game of the decade, now fallen from grace and turned into a steaming pile of refuse. Goodbye, GTAV."
,Not Recommended,271590,32497204,Posted: 17 June,all,DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU,Regarding OpenIV
,Recommended,271590,24450384,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Diamond Corgi,"Coming from someone who's never really enjoyed the GTA series, I found this one to be a really fun experience. Really good gripping storylines and the heists are great. There's a bit of everything for everyone in this game,  including the online which is hit and miss in terms of who you play with but adds tons of playtime."
,Not Recommended,271590,32636618,Posted: 22 June,all,Autisti Karhu,pls take-two why ban single player modding
,Recommended,271590,28006885,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zarifis¹³,I've played it a little. It was fun.Took a few pictures. (500+) Was fun.10/10 -Would probably waste another thousand hours playing.
,Not Recommended,271590,32819747,Posted: 26 June,all,TidalHex,RIP people who have been banned online and now cant do anything in singlepayer. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rockstar ruining your reputation.
,Not Recommended,271590,32474482,Posted: 16 June,all,Will,"The new policy of threatening legal action against modders is disturbing. Modding is a big part of the fun of playing GTA, and the game will be worse off for this."
,Not Recommended,271590,32474475,Posted: 16 June,all,tommya749,leaving a negative review on behalf of the OpenIV team
,Not Recommended,271590,16406882,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tiara Kutchadikov,"took 3 days to load, and crashes constantly. It is fun for the few minuets I get to play.  cost way too much for the performance."
,Not Recommended,271590,16408873,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,pig_slayer,i played it for a bit and i dont think that it was worth the wait at all! sure its fun and all but i have played it on the ps3 and Xbox 360 and besides the graphics there are really not any improvements.
76561198068560526,Not Recommended,271590,16459884,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BRUV,*Buys game**Plays for 20+ hours**CD Key stops working**Rockstar doesn't fix**Fans suffer**I cry*
,Not Recommended,271590,15698426,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Valtina,"Gameplay Campaign: 7/10Gameplay Online: 6/10Graphics: 8/10Matchmaking: 0/10GTA 5 have been out for console for quite a while now, and yet the online systems seems really unpolished and bad, for one it is impossible to search for a race with the settings you would like, and when you finally find one and complete the race, you will be asked between 6 random races, replay or go to open world mode. and if a majority want something different than you, they still throw you into that game, where you need to go through a loading screen, which by the way take ages. I spent the last 30 minutes trying to get into a race without being picky, so the first race I get into I wait 5 minutes for the game to start, and when we finally start it's just bumper cars, and can barely be called a race, when we are done with that people vote for open world, and I have to through another long loading screen, after which I load another race which has horrible settings as well IMHO, after that were done 30minutes had past.TT;DR: 30minutes spent, ~10min loading screen/finding a lobby, 12min waiting in lobby and 8min racing/bumping into each other."
76561198128877925,Not Recommended,271590,15724171,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,WalmartWanka,Being killed every 2 minutes by someone with nothing better to do and people constantly leave heists. Not to mention mods are no longer supported.
76561198073470245,Not Recommended,271590,29400348,Posted: 21 January,all,☢Nuclear DragonBeats☢,Game is plagued by players with a kill on site attitude. Half the weapons and vehicles in the game shouldnt exist. Money is extremly hard to come by if your not doing gamemodes. Servers are messing up 99.99999% of the time. You will wait more in loading screens than actually playing the game. Gamemodes are more buggy than any other game i have ever seen. Rockstar support is terrible. Only get this game if you have the highest amount of patience.
,Not Recommended,271590,15691679,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ArcticTemper,"There's always been this kind of unspoken respect and liking of Rockstar as a company, not just a game producer. I was never on the band-wagon, however I did rely on them in the back of my mind to keep being this awesome, friendly, respectable and unique company who appreciated their community and wanted them to be happy.However after releasing the game fdor PC over a year late, they do not allow PC players to play the game at a higher quality than console - they nurf the graphics and scope of the game. They offer us less content than there is on consoles and yet still ask for full price.On top of this, they proceed to take one of the few last advantages which players who go out there and buy good PCs expecting to get more out of their gaming experiece rely on - modding - then proceed to try their hardest to stamp it out of both single player and online.PC gamers are not console gamers. We will not stand for this, no matter how much Rockstar attempts to change the code and lock us out - we will get in. On top of that, considering Rockstar seems too ignorant to see the longer-life and increased sales that mods earn their games  - notably GTA IV, which earneed years of extra life and purchases due to the great modding scene - thjey make the short-sighted decisions to try and block players from creating and sharing their own content for thae game - no doubt so they are forced to buy it from Rockstar.Since Rockstar seems to have decided to take a stance of ignorance and insulting policy - banning people from content they have purchased. I know that I, along with hundreds of thousands of others will never purchase another Rockstar game unless these policices and attitutes cease. We shall procede to Pirate all copies of future Rockstar content and play them for free to leave this corportation - which is abandoning the fans that turned it from a worthless pimple on the gaming scene into a giant - out of pocket.It is a shame, but as I said, PC gamers are not Console gamers. We will not accept Rockstar acting like EA.If you have not yet purchased this game, and are reading my review out of the thousands of negative ones, I urge you - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Pirate it. Pirate every game this company makes.Rockstar, this will never be forgotten. Your image shall forever be stained by your greed and ignorance."
,Not Recommended,271590,15715942,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Hoeser,"A+ Game, C- multiplayer implementation.Solid gameplay in single player, runs flawlessly for me (2600@4.7GHz, GTX970) on high details at 1440p. Not much to say about the single player. It's what you'd expect.The multiplayer implementation for PC leaves much to be desired. It seems it was designed to be overly simple, very ""console like"". I find this very frustrating when playing on a PC. When you select online play you are thrown into a random session - you may or may not be with your friends. When you decide to join your friends, you may or may not be connected. I've had mixed results and a lot of unable to join session errors. I feel this could be improved 100x if they would just include a server browser and let us join sessions like very other PC game on the market right now. I've experienced a lot of issues trying to join and play missions with friends. Often when completing a mission my game will just hang at the end of the mission without dropping to the score screen, requiring a restart of the game."
,Not Recommended,271590,15726297,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Undertuned,"Sorry Rockstar... With your ""all about the money""-attitude you've shown us with GTA V, I really cannot recommend this game.Pros: The single player campaign was fun, the graphics are nice and optimization is very good.Cons: The online part was not fun. It had a lot of things to do, but you need money to do most things. And getting money means grinding which is boring (especially when you nerfed all methods of getting some quick cash). GTA IV online was fun, really fun. This was just meh. I work hard in real life to buy things I want. I don't want to do the same in a game (which is in fact an escape from reality).The last nail in the coffin is the ban for modded SINGLE PLAYER GAMES! WTH Rockstar?????? This will probably be my last GTA..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32637048,Posted: 22 June,all,Nameless Gentleman,"So if you play GTA V for the single player, it's a pretty decent purchase.Buuuuut:Rockstar and Take Two decided to shut down a modding platform, presumably to curb hacking (which it won't.)  Given how Rockstar and Take Two act like money hacks for GTA:O are like walking in to their safes and stealing money, I'm pretty sure that the C&D was to preserve their shark card ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, which surprisingly, people are actually dumb enough to buy.In short, ♥♥♥♥ you Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32512706,Posted: 17 June,all,allyouhadtodo,"First of all ♥♥♥♥ off, Take-Two.♥♥♥♥ you too, Rockstar."
76561198008810691,Not Recommended,271590,26364278,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Lord Butxot,"I bought the game only to play online with my friends and I got banned without reason, they won't event tell me why. So I played to days and I'll have to wait another month, to get banned again without reason? You can't play again online if you are banned 2 times, very good policy."
76561198073089167,Not Recommended,271590,30047011,Posted: 19 February,all,KnefiCZ☭,Just got permanently banned for nothing.
,Not Recommended,271590,32470518,Posted: 16 June,all,Dayox,"Just want it to be known my first every GTA online experiance was with a hacker giving me cash. Only time I can say I was glad to see a hacker. But that was my initial reaction to GTA online and since then I've seen countless.Only got the PC version to get some of the awesome singleplayer mods. Shame. I'd refund this if I could.Don't buy this if you intend to mod it, you'll become a criminal :P"
76561197986747299,Not Recommended,271590,32505484,Posted: 17 June,all,Pork Chop Express,Really you attack the single player modding to make more money or whatever greedy or stupid reason GG!!
,Not Recommended,271590,26376291,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Toino,"♥♥♥♥ ROCKSTAR AND THE STUPID BAN BOTS THAT ARE BANNING INOCENT PEOPLE FOR NO REASON LIKE ME AND MANY OTHERS AFTER 315 HOURS AND LEVEL 149 I GOT PERMANET BAN FOR NO REASON I CONTACT SUPPORT 10 SECONDS AFTER I SUBMITTED THE TICKET ONE BOT SAYS THIS:Zendesk, Nov 2, 05:19 EDT:Hello Toino99,Thank you for contacting Rockstar Support. GTA Online bans are triggered by a number of factors, including modding in GTA Online, exploiting or abusing game mechanics, manipulating protected game data and code, or otherwise interfering with other players’ gameplay experience.All GTA Online suspension and banning decisions are final and may not be appealed. For more information on the GTA Online Suspension and Ban Policy please seehttps://support.rockstargames.com/hc/articles/229514247.Best regards,Rockstar SupportIF YOU ARE GOING TO PLAY ONLINE I DONT RECOMEND IT I PREFER THE STUPID MAFIA(BUG) GAME"
,Not Recommended,271590,32521485,Posted: 17 June,all,u p s e t,Hey you finally got this game on pc! What you waited a year? yeah sure game is good. Not as customizable as previous games but there's always gonna be mods for pc :)Oh Yeah sure there's Multiplayer. Oh you don't like it?HEy like there's gonna be like single player dlcsOh wait nah we are just gonna focus on the online and milk it...Can you mess around with trainers or mods with private sessions like in the last gta?NO. that undermines our not-so-microtransaction system.Oh ok well Ill just try to get rich by playing the game it shouldn't take that long...NO.Ok well I just get people to cheat it in for me so I can have a better time playing with friends...NO.fine then I just enjoy single player mods :|Hey ♥♥♥♥ you.Look just go play an actual good game like Cut the Rope or Peggle.
,Not Recommended,271590,32444339,Posted: 15 June,all,Bubsy Bobcat,Blocked Modding. Wont RecommendEdit: Got Banned For Apparently Violating TOS
76561197993191141,Not Recommended,271590,32484505,Posted: 16 June,all,Mr. Majaniemi,"Take-Two Interactive Did something that is not acceptable in any way. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate them, so does everyone else."
,Not Recommended,271590,32442396,Posted: 15 June,all,Sparrow,OpenIV? Who needs that when you only want the vanilla with no sprinkles? Take two probably.
,Not Recommended,271590,32454507,Posted: 15 June,all,Esteban,"Good game and all, but banning singleplayer modding like this is the last straw. A great majority of the GTA V players only play on a modded version of the singleplayer mode.You screwed yourself over. Now you pay the price."
,Not Recommended,271590,32444098,Posted: 15 June,all,DivineJackalope,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYApM6kWzqo
,Not Recommended,271590,29688972,Posted: 4 February,all,★✪BLACKSTARR✪★,Fix your anti cheat engine rockstarr what do you guys pay your devs do they just sit around and add dlc yet the game isnt even playable in free mode due to hackers waste of $60
,Not Recommended,271590,32555247,Posted: 18 June,all,Modified420,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you.EDIT: Sign this petition pleasehttps://www.change.org/p/rockstar-games-save-openiv<3"
,Not Recommended,271590,32555219,Posted: 18 June,all,comcastlover33,This game does not support modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32555210,Posted: 18 June,all,웃 MIKE STANFORD ✠✠✠™,Modding is banned - Don't buy
,Not Recommended,271590,32555231,Posted: 18 June,all,W E H A W T,On behalf of the OpenIV team
,Recommended,271590,23934967,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,YotOver,AMAZING GAME <3 BEST GAME EVER.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437976,Posted: 15 June,all,Uriah,"Once again, Take Two shows how in-tune they are to the community by implementing some of the worst practices in the gaming industry.Don't bother until Take Two takes more than two seconds to think through their actions."
76561198012626969,Not Recommended,271590,32438166,Posted: 15 June,all,RamzesRV7,Open IV must live!
,Not Recommended,271590,32438679,Posted: 15 June,all,Arch Fluctuation,"Hackers roaming free potentially getting unsuspecting players in hot waters was bad enough, but not to the point of ruining the whole thing.This move by Take-Two, however, might just be. I never modded the game myself, I am livid because of what this implies to the community as a whole, as well as to the creative freedom modding brings no matter which game it is for.Grand Theft Auto in particular is to be considered a sandbox game - which implies having fun however you see fit with few limitations. When you tear apart a tool like OpenIV and all projects which relied on it, you're saying players are only allowed to play with the toys that come with the sandbox. No bringing your own bucket and spade to play with, no no no. And it doesn't take a scientist to figure out that it is a lot of fun to introduce new content not only to GTA, but to any sandbox game. You ask me, T2 is interested in wiping out modding so that Rockstar's DLCs are the only novelties available - which of course you'll either grind or pay money for.Speculations aside, many already have expressed why this issue is so important, so not to sound like a broken record myself, this is where the discussion is:http://gtaforums.com/topic/889348-take-two-vs-modding/Edit: This news post (also in GTA Forums) was made and summarizes well the many pages of comments in the original thread above:http://gtaforums.com/topic/889557-the-people-vs-take-two-openiv-mod-shut-down/And because it seems kind of fitting:https://youtu.be/kcNI4D0K-zM"
,Not Recommended,271590,32440636,Posted: 15 June,all,isolatedfish,Take Two has basically destoryed almost all modding for this game.
76561198060072879,Not Recommended,271590,32441054,Posted: 15 June,all,FeelsDepressedMan,"Hackers filled the online community, and now you BAN ♥♥♥♥ING MODS?????You done ♥♥♥♥ed up, Take Two. Big time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32441339,Posted: 15 June,all,Bill Bye the Later Guy,These microtransaction games need to stop. Take 2 is just getting greedy now. Do not buy this game until this modding ban is reversed.
76561198090607018,Not Recommended,271590,32446621,Posted: 15 June,all,(Genesis) Autizzmo,"No point to buy this on PC now because, the modding community was destroyed by T2, so if you own this on console just go play that. Also if you already own this go ahead and leave a negative review."
76561198192728881,Not Recommended,271590,32449015,Posted: 15 June,all,doobey_1231,Thanks for ruining one of the best modding games
,Not Recommended,271590,32450155,Posted: 15 June,all,Peng Wang,bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game bad game
,Not Recommended,271590,32452188,Posted: 15 June,all,AZN_INVAZN,♥♥♥♥ you rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,32482341,Posted: 16 June,all,ShaneRR,"It's a great game, but due to recent heavy anti-consumer practices from the publisher Take-Two Interactive, I cannot recommend this game until those problems are rectified."
,Not Recommended,271590,32461574,Posted: 15 June,all,Ulrich,"They took all the fun parts of GTA IV Multiplayer and stripped away every bit, instead implenting one of the worst anti-cheat systems in AAA games that allows hackers to run wild but will perm-ban you for having a Discord overlay.  Over-priced ingame content that requires absurd amounts of grinding or to buy the convient and totally worth the money Shark-Cards they show down your throat.  And if you want singleplayer expansions, you can ♥♥♥♥ off and buy more Sharkcards to afford that car a hacker will destroy every 45 seconds. And if you want to salvage any fun from micro-transaction simulator by modding it, you can ♥♥♥♥ off again.  I've never put this much time into a game and still felt ripped off."
,Not Recommended,271590,32466756,Posted: 16 June,all,FINNA TURN YOU INTO WASWAS,"modding is what made me buy this for pc, RIP OPEN IV."
,Not Recommended,271590,32469736,Posted: 16 June,all,Revolvio Ocelot,"Take two just essentially banned modding for this game. Take-Two Interactive sent a cease and desist to the developers of OpenIV, a tool made for modding GTA and allowing the games to thrive years after release. This means that almost 60% of mods out there no longer work."
76561198070215321,Not Recommended,271590,32475572,Posted: 16 June,all,i_JohnnyRoyale,i used to love this game. but take two had to go ♥♥♥♥ it all up
,Not Recommended,271590,32482437,Posted: 16 June,all,Eternity,no mods = no GTA5
,Not Recommended,271590,32664942,Posted: 22 June,all,Sevenyellowducks,No modding? No thank you.
,Not Recommended,271590,32683866,Posted: 23 June,all,Melinko,"When you realise that microtransactions are very profitable but people keep spawning money in.So instead of making the money less grindy to earn legit, making new things cheaper or getting rid of hackers propelry, lets bad mods.What fuccmuppet though this was a good idea?The gunrunning update is trash anyway."
76561198048972514,Not Recommended,271590,32466774,Posted: 16 June,all,Dec,"The game itself is decent, the main issue is that Rockstar and Take Two have decided they have an issue with you modding YOUR game in singleplayer. Rockstar and Take Two have been from the PC launch dismissive if not openly hostile to the modding community despite inital statements to the contrary. Frankly with the blunt two facedness of this company I can not reccomend buying this or any Rockstar or Take Two game."
76561198112244755,Not Recommended,271590,32469735,Posted: 16 June,all,Amnesiac,I bought this for the mods and now I can't even get mods on it anymore?? Erm?
,Not Recommended,271590,32664249,Posted: 22 June,all,deathgrippy,"i dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, but im hopping on the bandwagon"
,Not Recommended,271590,23119522,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NPercyC,Find your friend in some comunity forumDo Not go Public SessionStay in Friend or Invite Session
,Not Recommended,271590,32549718,Posted: 18 June,all,AceGeckers3D,SO...About them mods...
,Not Recommended,271590,28916947,Posted: 1 January,all,PexPipe™,"#Best Game Ever , NOT because There Are Too Many Hackers But i did get about 10k from them and i reported them and spent it on my first car"
,Not Recommended,271590,32523133,Posted: 17 June,all,Virion,"Wow. Started reading into what was going on, and thoroughly dissapointed.Let me cap a few key points:- They just released another expansion of content that FORCES you into public lobbies to access the content, even if you just want to play with friends.- You can get banned in these public lobbies for the actions of others (EG, getting sent money by a hacker)- You need absurd amounts of money, more than you can get casually, to pay for this content and other recent expansions- The above point is what they're doing to make people buy into their microtransactionsAlso, they sent a cease and decist to the guys behind the software for modding GTA. Lol. What a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198071009341,Not Recommended,271590,32591017,Posted: 20 June,all,I See Nothing,"One of the best things about pc games is mods, support them, don't♥♥♥♥♥♥on them"
76561198079597353,Not Recommended,271590,32452261,Posted: 15 June,all,GeogreKingy,They ♥♥♥♥ed over modding didn't they :DDDD
,Not Recommended,271590,32460450,Posted: 15 June,all,DXMaster,Why play this game when Take Two Interactive is ♥♥♥♥ing up the one thing that made this fun MODS!
,Not Recommended,271590,32568397,Posted: 19 June,all,Turbopleb,openiv removal = thumbs down
,Not Recommended,271590,32476756,Posted: 16 June,all,Ook,"When this was released this game was amazing, unfortunately over time the single player has clearly been neglected in favour of the online multiplayer. What is worse is that the online mode has become a micro-transaction hell hole where you either grind for several hours a day just to afford a new vehicle or spend a fortune on Shark Cards. Many of the best vehicles aren't available in single player and online has become a playground for those with the most money. It's a shame because it had such promise.R* make the game equal for single players and I'll change this back to a positive review."
76561198348988292,Not Recommended,271590,32673180,Posted: 23 June,all,Dead Dreadmor,If your against OpenIv your aginst modern gaming and the gaming community. This game could have been replayed and downloaded for years to come. Bad move Rockstar and Take Two.
,Not Recommended,271590,32489721,Posted: 16 June,all,Tubby,"Creaters don't allow users to enjoy the game how they want to, I will no longer buy their games."
,Not Recommended,271590,32432901,Posted: 15 June,all,Neutrality,"Dear TakeTwo, microtansactions don't give us more content, you squeezed as much juice out of this lemon as possible, please stop this madness, and I wanted to mention... we wanted a PC version for MODS YOU F***HEADS.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gKlBIPR_okI love you,-Neutrality"
,Not Recommended,271590,32466735,Posted: 16 June,all,Mark3430,"Having played on Xbox 360 and now on PC, I enjoy the game, especially the singleplayer story. Modding the singleplayer can make it even better. But in order to continue selling their Shark Cards they focus on Online and don't release DLC or other content for their great singleplayer which a lot of us would love.The multiplayer is fun if you have a few friends to play with all the time, but if you have to play with randoms I wouldn't bother, the public sessions are filled with cheaters that they can't seem to put in protections to prevent without tons of DRM stuff that also hurts and slows down legitimate players. And while I'm talking about online, the price of buying almost anything is insane, you earn next to nothing for missions and have to grind for hours to legitimately buy most interesting things, I understand they want to sell their ""micro""-transaction Shark cards but it's quite ridiculous considering even the highest one will only buy you 2 or 3 of the most recent things for it's insane price. If they were to add an option to host a personal/private or LAN server where we could enable mods and enjoy the game with friends it would be much better, even with the insane economy, because again, we could mod it to reasonable levels.And now let's come back around to the modding, recently Take-Two shutdown OpenIV, a popular editor and manager for GTA mods. Sending the developers a Cease-and-Desist letter stating that OpenIV ""allow third parties to defeat security features of its software and modify that software in violation Take-Two's rights"". Ignoring the fact that mods are typically made for singleplayer and serve almost no purpose online, trainers should be their issue if anything, not our singleplayer mods. And they should be able to patch their game to prevent some of the very easy to do hacks.While I may play with friends still occasionally and may finally complete the story again I will not be buying anymore Rockstar or Take-Two games for the forseeable future.So long and thanks for all the long hours of grinding in order to get the fish Take-Two and Rockstar."
,Not Recommended,271590,32497698,Posted: 17 June,all,find it in u to FUCK ME DADDY,anti-modding hate train bandwagon!please give me the courage to take my life
,Not Recommended,271590,16592026,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fassault,Anyone else having the same *****ing problem with the online. After the last update i cant get in online. It keeps telling me that rockstar socialclub/online services are unavailable right now or it says that your save data could not be loaded this time. But its just really nice to watch friends playing it and streaming while i cant get online. I get in usually really really early in the morning just be4 i need to go to work. And when my friends are playing this ♥♥♥♥ing text keeps showing up and doenst let me play. 2/10
76561198173992883,Not Recommended,271590,16713022,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,themustykrab,"Support is HORRIBLE. They shut down their phone support so you can't even be guaranteed you'll talk wiith someone within a week. I was deranked 70 levels which took me over 100 hours of gameplay and got a generic response like everyone else that has a somewhat hard problem to fix. It's been two day's and all I've gotten has been ""I managed to locate your ticket, so we should be able to look into it soon."" Meanwhile another REP said all the tickets are responded to in the order they're recieved. I feel insulted for myself and all of the other people with gamebreakling problems."
,Not Recommended,271590,16635284,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Binks,"Got a Social Club error; and now I can't play.  Their support process is awful.  The telephone number just hangs up on you; their PC support is... slow at best.I'll change the review if I get it working again... when it was playable, it was quite fun."
,Not Recommended,271590,32563642,Posted: 19 June,all,facT BospHorus,Even GTA 5 became P2W game good job Rockstar Games you ♥♥♥♥ed up your own game congratz
,Not Recommended,271590,32563613,Posted: 19 June,all,Dano,Removed modding support
76561198300953299,Not Recommended,271590,24055143,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,飛鳥,fu*k you Rs
76561198122032371,Not Recommended,271590,32440733,Posted: 15 June,all,Labrador,"I once enjoyed the game, mostly for it's multiplayer but now I took an interest within the single player modding scene, starting with LSPDFR and playing mostly British police. I've now once coming back from what I do on the daily to see Take-Two as a company completely make modding illegal and therefore they have closed down OpenIV which has enraged the modding community including myself as I casually look forward to the weekend when I have additional spare time to play LSPDFR etc. Finally... ♥♥♥♥ Take-Two... I enjoyed it for the short time I modded it for and I'm deeply frustrated I won't be able to mod it further and I'm glad to see the community see the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they've given to this community non-stop, let's hope they reverse there decision(highly unlikely) but still, let's hope..."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443526,Posted: 15 June,all,TheHonestJock,Take Two have decided to take down modding in GTA V because reasons. F**K YOU
,Recommended,271590,18806211,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,电脑玩家键山雏[AKA BAKA],"This game is great, I like Los Angeles in GTA5, a high degree of freedom and a charming story, it is worth playing."
,Recommended,271590,22182721,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kiton 808,tha best
,Recommended,271590,15385426,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Wildereon,+60 fps+great optimization+great visuals-lagging online9.5/10
,Recommended,271590,26519623,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DOOMJESUS,"i don't see why people even bother with the multiplayer. i tried it a couple of times and i just couldn't find the point in it.after 175 hours, i am only at 60% on the campaign and still having fun in the incredibly lush game environment. the story and characters are great. this is the closest thing to vice city in the franchise, so far.this is one game that will really put your graphics card to the test."
76561198108363299,Not Recommended,271590,32586912,Posted: 20 June,all,Red Hot Jam,AS YOU WISH.Ban player for doing nothing 10/10.
,Not Recommended,271590,16494898,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ＴrailＢlazer 💯✈,"I pre-ordered this game, but only making the review as of today, the 18th of June 2015 to denounce Rockstar's obvious greed-filled motives on taking advantage of the STEAM Summer Sales and its effects to other people who have been waiting patiently for the sales scheme.Moreover, expect to encounter several hackers, at the very least, 1 in each lobby. Don't expect them, however, to get banned when you report them for ""exploits""- which is the standard recommended way of reporting hackers as per the Rockstar GTA Online ""How to report a hacker"" guidelines.I personally had to send e-mails toGTAOnlineBanHammer@RockstarGames.comand follow up for up to 2 weeks before the perpetrators finally get reprimanded. (Of course backed with evidence; be it photographic or video).I strongly urge all players to take advantage of the steam screenshot feature, at the very least, to combat the exploiters when spotted. Of course there will be the cowardly cheaters that ruin everyone else's fun who will hide and not commit the acts obviously, simply because they are envious of others' experience."
,Not Recommended,271590,32454991,Posted: 15 June,all,Jong Sena,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys. Take Two has really shot themselves in the knee here with the whole Open IV situation."
76561198316117119,Not Recommended,271590,33870154,Posted: 28 July,all,King tK,you guys keep messing with the game just stop you have done too much damage
,Not Recommended,271590,15407004,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Lip Service,"I remember the best part about Grand Theft Auto were the cheats. An open sandbox and unlimited rockets? Mind-blowing,  gamebreaking but most of all--FUN!Now it's all about money instead of the experience. ♥♥♥♥ you, Take Two. Y'all make fun of the imperialism and fascism of the US only to take part in the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cutthroat capitalism as every other corporation.If you bought it, IT'S YOURS. Mod it, change it, ♥♥♥♥ it, break it, do whatever you want with your product. End of story."
,Not Recommended,271590,32547047,Posted: 18 June,all,Old Man Jenkins (AL),Is this the bandwagon to hating games that♥♥♥♥♥♥on modding teams?
,Not Recommended,271590,33154921,Posted: 2 July,all,Shinsiru,"GTA V has an incredible good single player story with a lot to discover.You have to like the system of splitting chars into three but it's alright in my opinion.Hands down for multiplayer: you have to grind WEEKS! for one car, or buy Ingame Money with Real Money.This is one trend I really don't like in our gaming society today and it gets worse.Also Multiplayer is packed with cheaters and Rockstar doesn't (want to?) do sth against it.With banning singleplayer mods, the Company shot itself.GG Take Two & Rockstar, that was Harakiri."
76561198153153482,Not Recommended,271590,28761640,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,☢ Relic ☢,"Join one multiplayer lobby... get an email with a one month ban. 10/10 best game ever, can't wait till my ban is over to play more."
76561197975699058,Not Recommended,271590,32496714,Posted: 17 June,all,♫♪REPTILIAN DJ♪♫,LAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FIX IT !
,Not Recommended,271590,17168119,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,bodi,Rockstar *corrected* all my money. Now i had to sell almost all my cars because of this sh*t. Stop messing with the consumer
,Not Recommended,271590,28463048,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Typhoon,I really disapointed with banning system in this game i got banned without a reason while i dont do anything. this game developer is never care about the customer i dont recommend you buy this game when you most likely to play this everyday
,Not Recommended,271590,30518829,Posted: 14 March,all,CERTIFIED (INAUDIBLE),"Still has annoying bugs and mainly conectivity issues, lag everywhere, players keep getting disconnected and sometimes you are put on a online session with players from the other side of the planet speaking some unknown language teleporting around due to high ping.The main problem though it that GTA now seems like it's just a big online session of random deathmatch. It's full of people who play like kids, getting angry for nothing and killing everyone just because they've been playing the game for 5 years and have everything you don't have, one shotting you, spamming explosives, not helping you, destroying your special cargo/vehicle during missions, cheating. Therefore you can't get enough money to buy your own stuff and it eventually gets boring trying to do the same missions, with barely any variety (MC or SecuroServ), over and over again. These missions suck already because Rockstar wants you to spend a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money buying a small garage so you can acess those missions, so if you're a new player it'll take a lot of time just to start playing the ""new"" content.Got this in 2016's last sale and I don't recommend it now (1~2 years after launch would be fine) unless you plan on wasting an additional $200+ buying in-game cash with real money to instantly get everything."
,Not Recommended,271590,26501356,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,RoodMoose,Banned me for no reason.
,Not Recommended,271590,28480016,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,puro ガエル,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,271590,28959272,Posted: 2 January,all,Blunder Aka Captain Daddy,"madrfakr always want me to buy sharkcard, I say suk my peepee"
76561198251361762,Not Recommended,271590,29412799,Posted: 21 January,all,nickolas.vogiatzis,"Gotta love Rockstar and their banning policy, I just started playing GTA online for less than a day, i go to sleep, I wake up with an email that says ""Your account has been suspended from GTA Online for 30 days"" I go to Rockstar support where they say ""Send us ur MSInfo And DXdiag, and we would love to help you"" BS I do that and they say ""Our decisions our final, closing ticket"" Amazing help definelty fixed my problem (Sarcasm) But for real the game itself isn't all bad but the how they handle banning online Completely Sucks S*it, If you are reading this And want to buy the game Go for it, it's packed with many things to do but I warn you to be careful Online. Rockstar not to blast you but PLEASE fix this problem or atleast look over the ban atleast 4 times before saying ""Our Decisions our final"""
,Not Recommended,271590,24553137,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,tommy med staven,they ♥♥♥♥ed up when closing openiv.  ♥♥♥♥ you take two interactive!
,Not Recommended,271590,26057861,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Green,"GTA V is a fun game, but it is also one of the most annoying games to start up and play for longer than 10 min. The reason why is because it either crashes or loads for 15 minutes everytime i finish a heist, join a new loby, or try to play any mini games. In all GTA V is one of the worst games i have ever played and really wish that you spent any of your million dollars to help the game at all."
76561198118620617,Not Recommended,271590,26400616,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Bubu,loading simulator
,Not Recommended,271590,26556402,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fin Wool,Better Play imouto paradise
,Not Recommended,271590,32531655,Posted: 18 June,all,Dr. Magneto Solaris,Bought this game on PS3 and PC. Now they go and shut down a reasonable and respectable missing team for no logical reason. Single player mods are the lifeblood of GTA. ♥♥♥♥ you. If only I could refund.
76561198116236839,Not Recommended,271590,32635322,Posted: 21 June,all,Orange Lad CSGO500 SKINUP.GG,"I tought I bought GTA V, not Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare...Seriously, flying bikes, flying cars with parachute.In the next update we will have EXO-Suits and flying around with them?"
,Not Recommended,271590,33355799,Posted: 7 July,all,[LEG] Amortem,"Before being judged for my opinion i have to clarify that the game in general and each of it's part are close to perfect in any way. Singleplayer campaign is a shining gem amongst many other AAA-games. And even multiplayer could be described as enjoyable, when played with friends and in the most stress-free enviroment.Problems began to arise with the ""Dirty Money"" updates. R* was more and more inclined to the Kotick's community policy. I.e. ""Shut up and give us money!"". Vast majority of new content is hidden behind a paywall that is so big, it can rival The Great Wall. Which leads to a paradox - you need money to get stuff that allows you to make money. And this is when sharkcards kick in. Why grind/play at all, when you can just pay R* a bit more money? So yes, instead of balancing the content and actually listening to their playerbase - R* just went the easy way, along with Ubisoft, Square Enix and Activision.*slow sarcastic clap*Well done, Big R. Welcome to the club of publishers that don't give a single flying turd about their community.I want to warn other players - no matter how good or hyped a game can be - nothing can save it from corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in charge. Except for audience turning away from them."
,Recommended,271590,15585087,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,{NEP} Skettlz,"""It's a bit well, like pornography or a perfect turd. I can't quite describe it."" - Trevor"
,Not Recommended,271590,30349413,Posted: 5 March,all,LynustheJok3r,"ONLINE REVIEW: 3/10SINGEPLAYER REVIEW: 8/10Do not, under any circumstances, buy this game. I am one of the few people that isn't banned and isn't venting in steam reviews.I haven't been banned. I don't use any mods/hacks. This game used to be the hub for all my friends. Great game, hours and hours of play on the ps3 and then another 161 clocked in less than two weeks after I bought it. So why the not recommended? Listed from least bad to most bad:4. P2P networking - Watch your data usage during play online. The upload speed is phenomemal and as such I cannot play with my friends as my character will update it's position on their screen once every 10-60 seconds. I don't have an amazing upload speed, in fact its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. But why would that cause a game to be unplayable online? I'm an avid gamer online and this $75 game I can't play online with my landline connection. So I have to use my mobile hotspot to play it. How sad is that? This game will eat like 1 GB per hour of play. Oh and if your networks misses to many you'll just be kicked back to singleplayer and enjoy ""loading-simulator"" trying to get back into the lobby with your friends.3. The grind for money - Money works more like EXP than the leveling system does. Even when the game works you have most things locked because you're to low level, then you need to have enough money to get everything. Granted you gain levels quickly early of course. Now money is how the entire online thing works and it is supposed to and it's done quite well. You are always trying to get more money, even if you already have to much. The problem is when everything costs so much, you have no freedom - in Grand Theft Auto. It will take 100's of hours to get yourself into a position where you can just ""do whatever you want"" in online lobby's and that is when it is the most fun and THAT is how R* is making so much money off the sharkcards. I won't spend more time explaining it but I'll just say it'll take like 10 hours to save enough to buy a 2,000,000 dollar car and then you still have to get all the things that go on the car.2. Sharkcards - One of the last points I made in the last paragraph leads onto this - Pay to Have Fun. The sharkcards aren't ""needed"" to play, but if you have a full time job, a family and other things to look after, you are never going to get a plane/helicopter/boat worth having. DO NOT buy the sharkcards. They are work 40% what they are asking for them as you're basically paying more money on top of an already overpriced game (How the ♥♥♥♥ is this game not $60 on steam yet?) so that you can skip play time and get to the part where you can get the things you want.1. Hacking/Modders and the banning - You knew this would come up. Even if you spend $1,000 getting a ♥♥♥♥tonne of sharkcards and you getting literally everything in the game, others have suggested you can get banend for no reason. I have not seen a case of a false postive personally but I'm sure there heaps, I mean every person that it happens to is going to be loud about it. HOWEVER, one of my friends decided he dgaf about GTA:O anymore and set up some modding software for online. Took about 5 minutes for him to get banned for a month. So it does work... That being said, it to easy to do it. They are literally in EVERY SECOND LOBBY if not more often. So even if you spend $500 or 500 hours getting everything you want, your lobbies are plagued with modders. Not like one dude cheating 100's of millions. That would be fine. Nah you have buses, flying around faster than jets with 14 people in them and the bus is invincible. That kind of cheating. This is what drove me away from this game.TL;DR - If you want the singleplayer experience, go pirate it. R* does not deserve any more money for this game. Do not buy it. Don't even buy it when it's on sale. The bar has been set very low for red dead redemption 2."
,Not Recommended,271590,32486468,Posted: 16 June,all,߷ Sorlid ߷,Singleplayer without mods is ♥♥♥♥ing trash. ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar
,Not Recommended,271590,32464003,Posted: 15 June,all,Dage Cot,"Well, they ♥♥♥♥ed the game by targeting modders with cease-and-desist.Modding keeps a game alive, Rockstar should know better."
,Not Recommended,271590,32439090,Posted: 15 June,all,[MVG] Pip,"Take Two are an awful MONEY GRABBING company who just want to drain every last penny from their stakeholders.Shutting down OpenIV was a bad move, ♥♥♥♥ Take Two and ♥♥♥♥ Rockstar."
,Recommended,271590,15485558,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,The King Of All Cosmos,"This game is a very solid PC port. It runs fantastically, the graphics options are lush and plentiful, and I especially like the way that you can seamlessly switch between keyboard/mouse and gamepad (you can even use both simultaneously).Gameplay wise-- it's the best GTA yet. Be it doing crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥online with friends, to the amazing singleplayer campaign, you'll certainly put in hours upon hours of gameplay in. Definitely recommend to any/all friends."
76561198045910315,Not Recommended,271590,32438038,Posted: 15 June,all,Wizler,"They riped the spine out of the modding community for this game which is the one reason people F'ING BOUGHT THIS GAME ON PC!!!!! And from what i can tell its because they wanted singleplayer people to go to the multiplayer to get exclusive EXPENSIVE content because in the single player with mods you could use the multiplayer vehicles. For an explination the modding community for gta uses a base mod called Open 4. This allows them to get the mods working in the first place, but 2k games gave Open 4 a cease and desist (please stop or we will sue you). Soo now no mods on pc. The game is wonderfull but  i cannot recomend it, because companies that do this are terrible dont buy this game untilll they get their crap together"
76561198077969867,Not Recommended,271590,32442218,Posted: 15 June,all,TheInternetG,"Take Two, ♥♥♥♥ You."
76561198205906259,Not Recommended,271590,32442219,Posted: 15 June,all,skinnycook,♥♥♥♥ take two
,Not Recommended,271590,32442220,Posted: 15 June,all,HeroOfSparta,This is for the bull that is TakeTwo destroying the modding scene by taking down Open IV. F U TAKETWO
,Not Recommended,271590,32437978,Posted: 15 June,all,ironlungz,Dont support companies with bad practices. ♥♥♥♥ you.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437989,Posted: 15 June,all,an3k,"Do not buy. Take 2 Interactive turned greedy (yes, even more than before) and tries to ban all mods (declare them illegal)."
76561198268006443,Not Recommended,271590,32442227,Posted: 15 June,all,Rick-C 137,"i'd understand if take-two was trying to ♥♥♥♥ up multiplayer modders, but they went for something that affects singlepalyer modding ONLY. gee, wonder why? maybe it's a stupid attempt at making the MACRO-TRANSACTION RIDDLED MULTIPLAYER LOOK EVEN SLIGHTLY APPEALING!!!!! RUINING SINGLEPLAYER ISN'T GONNA MAKE YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MULTIPLAYER ANY BETTER YOU DAFT CAPITALIST ASSHATS!!!!! on behalf of all modders, i'd like to say; go to hell."
,Not Recommended,271590,32420408,Posted: 14 June,all,President Donald Trump,"I purchased Gta V for the purpose of modding the hell out of the single player, which i have done. Now as of june 5th Take two made modding illegal. Its a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that they just♥♥♥♥♥♥on a large portion of their community. I no longer have a reason to keep this game downloaded since the cease and decist of OpenIV. ♥♥♥♥ you Take Two. No need to have 70gb of wasted space on my SSD."
,Not Recommended,271590,32465609,Posted: 15 June,all,Alastor,Removing mod support is not cool.
,Not Recommended,271590,32489588,Posted: 16 June,all,Muhammad A.W. @ MattOtacon,"Review your EULA policy so player can use Mods anytime.Game is good i agreed, what is good but you're restricted player for little bit fun with Mods, player not meant to reverse-engineering it btw."
,Not Recommended,271590,32434451,Posted: 15 June,all,Destinova,SUCKY MY DICKY TAKE TWO
,Not Recommended,271590,32623590,Posted: 21 June,all,Kauppias,No mods no content
,Not Recommended,271590,32493786,Posted: 16 June,all,Inquizitor,"This game was a blast, key word WAS. Mods were great unfortunately they removed this and now its not worth it anymore. If you are getting this for multiplayer and mods dont bother you at all, well still not in luck. The multiplayer scene is jsut as bad. The loading times are terrible and the grind isnt worth it. Missions get stale very fast and after a certian level, the missions get really easy.Dont get it, not worth it GTA went down hill, really dont buy it, spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,271590,32428109,Posted: 15 June,all,Jon Snow,People buy your game to play modsYou shut down modsYou are pretty stupid
,Not Recommended,271590,32468414,Posted: 16 June,all,volen,♥♥♥♥ YOU T2!!!
,Not Recommended,271590,32437242,Posted: 15 June,all,drunkboi,"This is not a negative review of the game, I personally love this game and I have bought it three times now because that's how great of a game it is to me. However Take Two Interactive the greedy sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es they are attempting to kill the modding community in this game in order to fatten their wallets due to all the micro transactions of the Online component. Shame on them and I would ask you not give these people any of your money. They could have allowed the mods and see a growing number of people buying the game for the mods, and even spend some money on the online component but instead they are forcing you to play the online component to squeeze any micro transaction money out of you. Shame on Take Two, perhaps one of the worst moves a company could make and alienate their fanbase."
76561198008614942,Not Recommended,271590,32437698,Posted: 15 June,all,MAD STAN,Greedy company who cares more about money than player experience. Do not buy this or any of Take 2's other titles. Whoever thought of the idea to send cease and desist to OpenIV needs to be fired immediatly.
76561198046651892,Not Recommended,271590,32439104,Posted: 15 June,all,zaza330,"Don't buy into this. Take Two Interactive is shutting down the modding community to push people into the microstransaction-filled online section of this game.I hate to give this game a negative review, but I do not recommend buying into this gamer-hostile deal Take Two has created.Something about this that is a little more in depth:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gKlBIPR_ok"
,Not Recommended,271590,32439123,Posted: 15 June,all,Walht,"Mods are the core of these games and adding multiplayer already damaged it, don't stomp on GTA 5's modding's corpse"
76561198050860966,Not Recommended,271590,32439294,Posted: 15 June,all,Kashmir Boné,They've killed the mods
,Not Recommended,271590,32442733,Posted: 15 June,all,can u gey,"Ok, i'll admit, i've had a lot of fun with this game and its' multiplayer, however, since the modding aspect of the game has been completely pushed out, and they've recently released the Gunrunning update that only caters to richer players, I simply have to say this:F*ck you Rockstar and Take 2, you absolute f*cking c*nts. You've ruined the game for a majority of pc players, and I hope you're happy, you microtransaction-f*cking w*ores."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443892,Posted: 15 June,all,Jared CNA- 114,"Terrible decision on Take Two's part sending Cease and Desist letters to the friendly devs over at OpenIV, the mods that were implemented by OpenIV didn't harm online due to all I beleieve you can install on there is Audio and Models, every other Cheater mod is script based but even with the script based mods, most don't let you enter online, such as scripthook and ragehook for LSPDFR, even the menyoo mod doesn't let you, targeting modding software that has limitations for what it can be used for and the limitation being no online is bogus and a terrible decision on part of the company, I will never pay a dollar to Rockstar or Take Two again as long as this bogus action is in effect."
76561198011126753,Not Recommended,271590,32446628,Posted: 15 June,all,Quantum Psychosis,"UPDATE: JULY 2017Now that the OpenIV fiasco has largely been resolved, I feel obliged to append my review. While I will not be changing my overall recommendation at this time due to the demonstrated corporate policies of Take Two and Rockstar, I can at least tentatively declare that GTA V's singleplayer experience has been salvaged.I will caution, however, that GTA Online remains in a calamitous state and that there is no evidence to support any efforts to curb the hacking community or revise the biased economy. As such, if you are looking for a balanced and engaging multiplayer experience, I heavily advise seeking elsewhere.THE ORIGINAL REVIEWLadies, gentlemen, and everyone in between; I bid you all a good evening. In light of recent events, I have felt compelled, for the first time, to share my thoughts via Steam review. In the interests of expediency, I am going to focus solely on the two biggest issues I presently have with the game. After all, Grand Theft Auto hardly needs me to expound upon its virtues. If you are unfamiliar with the series and why this particular title is the fourth best-selling game of all time, I remand you to the custody of the internet where will you find countless words of praise. Words of praise that, I feel, have now become misplaced. Let us examine the nature of this assertion.GTA ONLINEIn theory, GTA Online sounded like a brilliant idea. After all, who wouldn't want to share the mayhem of GTA with their friends or meet new and interesting criminals with which to wreak havoc across Los Santos? There were always going to be issues that would need to be ironed out, of course, but the concept was sound. Rockstar had the recipe for a lasting and unique multiplayer experience. It is a testament to just how badly they've failed that GTA Online is very possibly the most unpleasant multiplayer experience I've ever had.If you first make it through the abominable loading times and subsequently play on anything but a private server, which is both economically inviable and somewhat defeats the purpose of an online game; then you will be subjected to a plethora of hackers and their dizzying array of game-ruining tools. Never before have I played a professional, full-price title so completely devoid of any meaningful anti-cheating measures. In my time online, I was crushed by a flying bus, blown up along with all the other players on the map simultaenously, had my first and only supercar vanish from underneath me (though in fairness, Rockstar did give it back), repeatedly lit on fire (which locks you into an uninteractable animation), and, of course, demolished in PvP by players who summoned tanks and jets into the match.While Rockstar will occasionally crack down on these degenerates, I cannot help but notice that their measures most often punish those who either spawn money into the game or those who receive said spawned money. Not only does this fail to rectify the root of the issue, namely the allowance of hackers in general, but it further seems to be wholly aimed in support of an even greater issue: that of the economy in GTA Online.The Online economy is, to put it politely, nonsensical. While I freely admit to not being one of those players who can sit down and grind mission after mission for days on end, I would have hoped that devoting 200 hours of my time to Online would have yielded better results than what I received. Yet, after much effort during which I could not enjoy the sandbox aspect of this sandbox game, I was rewarded with little more than the least expensive of the heist-capable apartments and one of the cheapest supercars available. Yachts, helicopters, airplanes, businesses, most real estate, most boats, most cars, some weapons, even certain types of ammunition...everything feels completely out of reach.Naturally, Rockstar has provided an alternative via their cash cards, but I urge you to calculate just how much real money you would need to spend in order to maximise the property of your character. You may well pale at the number. For a full-price game to then charge such obscene amounts in order to unlock the maximum potential of its sandbox environment is tantamount to outright theft.TAKE TWO INTERACTIVEWell then, what of singleplayer? Surely it cannot be filled with hideous microtransactions and parasitic hackers? No, it cannot, and this was previously the saving grace of GTA V. However, with the cancellation of all future singleplayer content in favor of adding ever more content to GTA Online, such benefits were soon rendered far less attractive than they once were. Singleplayer simply would not have been able to compete with the content available to Online if not for the modding community. Which, at last, brings us to the latest debacle in this sordid saga.While I typically try to judge a game on its own merits and not by the practices of its publisher or developer, it has become impossible to overlook the greed which has fueled the appalling business practices of Take Two Interactive and Rockstar. Most recently, this has taken the form of their cease and desist order against OpenIV, which has effectively killed off singleplayer modding. This decision, coupled with their refusal to incorporate new Online content into GTA V, has made Take Two's despicable position abundantly clear: everyone who has purchased or will purchase GTA V for the singleplayer experience is meaningless. You will receive no support, no new content, and you are not even allowed to modify your very expensive game. You, as a player and customer, are irrelevant.CONCLUSIONWith this comprehensive annihilation of the singleplayer experience, I can now think of no reason to purchase or play GTA V over any other sandbox. Singleplayer will not only continue to languish in its relative dearth of content compared to Online, but it will now actually begin losing content as mods cease to operate. All evidence suggests that Online, meanwhile, will continue to suffer from its plague of hackers and its ludicrous economics until only the extremely patient or the extremely wealthy remain. Let us also not forget that when Rockstar develops the next GTA and the current servers are shut down, all the long hours and thousands of dollars invested in Online will be rendered pointless.In its current state, therefore, it is impossible to recommend Grand Theft Auto V as a whole or via its component parts. Though there once was a brilliant and beautiful sandbox here, reprehensible corporate policy has methodically devastated everything that made it enjoyable. I will further recommend to anyone who has made it through this rather long-winded tirade to avoid purchasing any other Take Two Interactive or Rockstar title until such time it has been made clear that their internal policies have been changed. There is, after all, nothing to be gained by supporting developers or publishers who will not support their playerbase.Thank you for your time."
,Not Recommended,271590,32451131,Posted: 15 June,all,RuKriM,"Money is what only mattered to this company. We are tired of dealing with T2 decisions against their own game fans. Good job, Gta series came to an end finally."
76561198018451406,Not Recommended,271590,32452157,Posted: 15 June,all,[Drama Club]Mr Bones,Dont buy this game the company has gotten rid of mods and are money hungry
76561198018630686,Not Recommended,271590,32457667,Posted: 15 June,all,Navi,OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,32484495,Posted: 16 June,all,Not A Target - CJ da Badman,K
,Not Recommended,271590,32437537,Posted: 15 June,all,KYS LLC,Rip the Modding Scene
76561198052432371,Not Recommended,271590,32438682,Posted: 15 June,all,Fuzzyhippo,"Absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t what 2k have done to forge. These greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥can ♥♥♥♥ off! This game is not worth buying as it is a microtransaction hell hole that is impossible to enjoy without shoveling money down 2ks fat, greedy  ♥♥♥♥ing mouths."
,Not Recommended,271590,32439380,Posted: 15 June,all,Catpaste.com,Mod stuff
76561198075889014,Not Recommended,271590,32439556,Posted: 15 June,all,KNhn,Anti modding policies
,Not Recommended,271590,32440297,Posted: 15 June,all,Neutron,Bring back modding#MakeGTAVGreatAgain
76561198124503338,Not Recommended,271590,32440304,Posted: 15 June,all,King Crowley,I bought GTA 5 just to mod the game it self is boring as hell now modding is made illegal rip OpenIV and GTA modding you will be missed
76561198036307014,Not Recommended,271590,32440734,Posted: 15 June,all,Nick Crompton,No mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32440748,Posted: 15 June,all,Niquid,"Rockstar intentionally makes it as tedious, and painful as possible to earn money by grinding online, in an attempt to make you buy shark cards, since the vehicles and property online is absurdley priced. As if this wasn't bad enough, Take-Two has just essentially banned modding for this game, one of the main reasons I bought it AGAIN on PC, after already owning it on 360. I paid full price (twice) for a game I thought I was entitled to do whatever the hell I wanted to with singleplayer, and now I'm being told I can't do that anymore. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,271590,32442116,Posted: 15 June,all,Rammifly,Take-two screwing the player base over with their anti-modding policies which only add to the games replayability. All because of their precious micro transactions.
,Not Recommended,271590,32444154,Posted: 15 June,all,Antares,"For a game that hasn't dropped price in over 2 years, and having an online where its almost impossible to get money for any of the fun content, killing mods, and OpenIV is just for singleplayer, I can't say anything good about the creators of the game, and thus cant say anything good about their products."
,Not Recommended,271590,32445555,Posted: 15 June,all,Connor,"Hacking that makes the game worse? Sure, go ahead!Modding that makes the game better? Nope."
76561198017024042,Not Recommended,271590,32446023,Posted: 15 June,all,Holy_Hotdog,"I like GTA V, but if a publisher has chosen to ban Fan made mod of their, game which did nothing to harm the community or their IP then I cannot, in good conscience support it going forward."
,Not Recommended,271590,32447536,Posted: 15 June,all,#SG# Sharkiller,Unacceptable to send cease and desist letters to modders so people need to pay hundred of dollars in shark cards to pay random vehicles that cost million and need to play 6 month to purchase a single vehicle without real money.
76561198140422946,Not Recommended,271590,32447657,Posted: 15 June,all,Anakin Skywalker,"This game is a masterpiece. One of the best games ever made, developed, written and published. However, being a masterpiece does not excuse a product, by any means, to target and discriminate against your audience. Three times you charged for this game, on last gen consoles, next gen consoles and finally on PC. Three times we bought it. We gave you our money willingly, 3 times. Your recent attack on the modding community of your PC port is unacceptable. Many people would not have bought this game, if not for the fantastic modding community provided by the OpenIV team. The single player world you crafted was only enhanced by these mods, never took away from. Yet you continue to prioritize your multiplayer, which, by the way, is really really bad. I have never seen something that took so much grinding. It's so impossible to progress quickly in it, it is actually more economical to go out and get a job, irl, and pay for in game money  with real world money through the Shark Cards. Yet you deliberately attack the single player and make it less fun, by destroying the mod community in order to bring more people over to multiplayer so more people will spend money on your scummy microtransactions. To Take Two Interactive and Rockstar studios, I am really sorry that you have *only* the fourth best selling game of all time behind Tetris, Minecraft, and Wii Sports. I'm sorry you feel the need to punish your loyal fanbase for your greed, but enough is enough.  I will not have it and your community won't have it. Maybe this one review won't do anything, maybe all these negative reviews won't do anything, but when the gaming press sees those review scores dropping, they'll take it into their own hands. Maybe you should rethink your recent actions and actually reward your playerbase rather than punish it. There's a rumor going around that you actually scrapped plans for single player DLC in order to spend time on your abysmal multiplayer. After yesterday and today, I believe it full heartedly. Get your act together, you *were* one of the most respected publishers and developers in the world, you *were* many people's favorite company, and Grand Theft Auto 5 *was* one of the best games of all time. This game is a master piece, and I am truly sorry that I have to turn my back on it.Sincerely,A very dissapointed customer."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448113,Posted: 15 June,all,Ariien,No more modding = no more interest.
,Not Recommended,271590,32449431,Posted: 15 June,all,♥シャドウ ハンター♥,Modding died and i dont like it
,Not Recommended,271590,32449512,Posted: 15 June,all,mrgreen6903,"Congratulations R*.  This used to be a great game.  Now that you did a C&D on OpenIV, you have opened yourselves up to having every since modder focusing on modding your games and your systems.  Have Fun...If you would have designed the money system better, you would have not had the issue with modders dropping money.  Guess that all you care about is the micro-transactions.  Money more important than your customers.  What a horrible business model.  Take-two stock will take a great tumble...An alternative would have been to have sessions that modders could use and none of the money or items would be able to be used in the other sessions.  There are a LOT of people that enjoy playing with modded stuff.    With a seperate session for just mods, it is most likely that the regular sessions would not be modded.Hope you design your next games so that those that want to mod can do it without affecting those that just want to play the game as it was designed."
,Not Recommended,271590,32450096,Posted: 15 June,all,kosiak87,Mods? ♥♥♥♥ you give us all your money.
,Not Recommended,271590,32450101,Posted: 15 June,all,fluff,Mods are what makes this game! If you kill them then this game is not worth it.
,Not Recommended,271590,32450951,Posted: 15 June,all,Prometheus,"I'm happy that Rockstar has finally gotten their priorities straight, and they've decided to completely end all modding. By stopping modding, Rockstar can assure a seamless and endless flow of cash from the people throwing money at their screens, hoping that their credit cards can give them all of the best toys in the game. Because hard work sure as hell won't.With each new update, Rockstar decides to take GTA a little further from what GTA ever should have been, by adding such things as owning a business, exporting cars, creating weapons. But remember, no stealing cars for yourself! That's a crime. If you were to, for some insane reason, try to steal an expensive car, you would have to be politely told that Rockstar doesn't have time for your moronic sense of ""fun"", and that you're obligated to buy the nice cars.But first, you have to buy money, because all of the nice cars would otherwise take about 100 or so hours to actually obtain, each, unless you want to deal with the endless slew of cancer trying to stop your totally legitamate entrepeneurally endeavors in this game about killing and stealing.Instead of playing the game the way you want, such as through modding, or having fun with your friends in a sandbox, Rockstar would encourage you to become, well, Rockstar. They pretty much invite cheating with open arms, I mean why else would you design such a massive paywall for the most enjoyable content?Oh, but don't get caught cheating. You'll be banned for a month, your account will be completely reset, and you'll only be allowed to play with other people who have been banned.Also, don't be caught in the game anywhere around cheaters. This will also get you banned, will reset your account, and again, you'll only be allowed to play with other cheaters. You disgusting piece of human filth.Did I forget to mention, don't be caught trying to change the color of your reticle either. That's also considered cheating.But again, cheating is okay. Everyone does it, so why can't you?And on behalf of OpenIV and the modding community in general, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198064188260,Not Recommended,271590,32451799,Posted: 15 June,all,Professional Humpback Whale,0/10 They took away my mods.
,Not Recommended,271590,32451996,Posted: 15 June,all,a tweet @tedcruz,"Hi, I'm Take Two Games and I absolutely suck."
76561198120650150,Not Recommended,271590,32452514,Posted: 15 June,all,Mkheth™,"Rockstar's parent company: Take 2 Interactive sent a Cease and Desist to OpenIV, basically making it illegal to mod the game in singleplayer. Like this review and leave your own review (either negative or positive, not telling you to do something, just suggesting) to get Take 2's attention so they'll change their dumbass minds"
,Not Recommended,271590,32452673,Posted: 15 June,all,Cl0wnFace,"Incredibly aggressive and unpredictable banning system that also targets innocent players?CheckBan system only looks for excuses and arbitrary reasons to ban said innocent players that have completely normal stats?CheckIncredibly inflated ''economy'' to the point where simple weapon reskins cost more than a car?CheckCheaters and modders STILL running rampant online due to the elusive tools they use to put the blame on innocent players?CheckMoney is so grindey and a pain to earn, people form communities where they freely give it out to others?CheckAll of these glaring problems people have stomached till now, but the most glaring one just came out today.Kill the entire modding community of this game by lawyering to death the most vital tool necessary for it, all because of greedy desires?♥♥♥♥ing check.♥♥♥♥ Rockstar, Take-Two, and everything they stand for. I will never buy a Rockstar/T2 game ever again."
,Not Recommended,271590,32453212,Posted: 15 June,all,Captain Buzz (59th),Rip OpenIV
,Not Recommended,271590,24002841,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cutie Patootie,Take Two suks butt.
,Not Recommended,271590,29878078,Posted: 12 February,all,Samork,I LOOOOOOOOVE GTA ONLINE IT'S THE MOST IMMERSIVE AND FUN EXPERIENCE! NO BORING GRINDING AND NO HACKERS!https://youtu.be/sD26VFpATBw
,Not Recommended,271590,32574333,Posted: 19 June,all,Dvpainter,"It might not be Rockstar doing it, but for certain Take-Two will never care about its customers. If you buy this game, prepare to be treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥by corporate rules."
,Not Recommended,271590,32478406,Posted: 16 June,all,Teh Spearhead,"Haven't touched GTA in a while but still had it installed, soon changed after I saw what your company was doing to people that helped boost your sales in free advertisement. Suppose that kind of thing doesn't matter now though, uninstalled and won't be playing on any platform until you remove your heads from your asses."
,Not Recommended,271590,20135899,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Siegbrau,Quitting Session Stimulator
76561198043585303,Not Recommended,271590,32473004,Posted: 16 June,all,.bambooker,GTA online is the worst thing that happened to GTA franchise
,Recommended,271590,30935498,Posted: 3 April,all,VillainousPixel,Best gta of all time.
76561198159013195,Not Recommended,271590,32560300,Posted: 19 June,all,NeiGe,THIS IS PC. NOT A BOX OR STATION. PC=MODS
,Not Recommended,271590,32490144,Posted: 16 June,all,Props,"**THIS REVIEW IS BEING POSTED AT THE TIME OF THE CEASE AND DESIST TO OPEN IV**I'd like to state that in this review, I will be addressing multiple issues of Take Two Interactive, including the current elephant in the room at this time.The BeginningHonestly, I've supported Rockstar Games multiple times.  When Grand Theft Auto 5 first came out, I was waiting outside for copy for the Xbox 360, even though the game didn't ship with the over-hyped multiplayer I was dying to play.  I played the single-player for eons, collecting everything there was to collect and grinding through to buy the golf area, which was absolute hell till I discovered the stock market.  GTA:O was then released not too long after that and I was ready.  Red bulls and pizza, took the day off of work just to experience a lag-fest.  Now, I can't blame them for that, it was overwhelming how many people supported Rockstar and TTI on their game and it'd be crazy for it not to be so successful.  There was an advertisement for the game on television every commercial break.Xbox One released and for a long while, I waited till they released a version for the ""next-gen"" consoles.  Of course, another midnight release happened and I was there for Rockstar's child, Grand Theft Auto: V.  Played it just as much as the first one, redid my singleplayer, played online with friends, and experienced the absolute repetitious grindfest that it was, but it was Grand Theft Auto with my friends and there was nothing like it out there.  I had a really decent PC at the time, decent for that time, so I pre-purchased the game for PC for myself and my girlfriend at the time.  She never experienced the game so I was excited to show it off to so many new people who didn't like consoles, plus a free shark card so I don't have to do lousy microtransactions.PC ReleaseThe release of GTA 5 for PC was... so unthrilling.  I took off work and my girlfriend took off school.  We had the game predownloaded, along with the majority of my friends, but we couldn't log into social club, which means we couldn't even play the game.  A few of my friends had to wait weeks, but I was lucky to be able to get myself and my girlfriend online that night.  A night of binge playing missions over and over that I've done 100s of times, but I did it with someone else so it was fun.  My girlfriend at the time got bored of the game after a short while, so I started playing with other friends and we liked to do things first-person-only.The graphic modificationsI didn't like the FOV of the first person view and the modifier was anything but great.  Of course, I did a bit of searching online and found that there was a tweak to change your field of view in first person mode.  Downloaded, installed, went back to playing with friends because who would ban someone for a field of view mod in a game like Grand Theft Auto?  Rockstar/TTI would.  I was banned for a week or two for a field-of-view mod, confirmed by Rockstar in a support message.  After spending almost $200 on Grand Theft Auto 5, via three separate copies, I had a slight bitter taste in my mouth.  How can you be so unfriendly to people who want to change what you were too lazy to do?I spent that week playing other games because I wasn't too worried about it.  I played GTA:V on and off that year because after playing it on three consoles, it's not hard to get burnt out on it anymore.  I noticed an absolute ton of new modifications for the game were out, especially ones that looked insanely pretty.  I downloaded a single mod, which was an ENB modification to make the game look a lot nicer and played online for a good two weeks before receiving my permanent ban from Rockstar/TTI.  Banned for making their textures higher quality and more vibrant, just to give the game a newer feel.The Take Two C&DA lot of what brings people together in the PC community is modifying games and a lot of games survive strictly because of modifying.  Titles like Garry's Mod, Skyrim, Fallout:NV, and Rockstar's own San Andreas were modified so players could have new and exciting experiences with the game.  It's not because you did a lazy job and a lot of the time it's because the person modifying it had a different idea than yours.  They aren't trying to hurt your company because believe me you've made enough money and they've already purchased a legal copy of your game (most of the time).   You've taken a direction that a lot of game developers would consider deathly to do.  You've directly done the opposite of what your entire community wanted.  It's not like they're harming your game, I mean, sure there's weird mods created, but those weird mods are someone's hobby.  You've ruined someone's hobby.  You've wasted someone's time.  You've essentially shut off a world of new ideas and possibilities all because of what?Take Two, you're the biggest joke of a company and I hope you know it.  I'm sure you're still swimming around in our money, but I hope it eats away at you."
,Recommended,271590,19822583,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,KarateMaccie,"Singleplayer is just great, no words for that. It's a crazy, heck of a ride.SP: 9.9/10But the multiplayer... It has it's pro's and it's con's.Pro's:+Great activities, and challenging heists.+Good updates.+Great content.Some Con's:-Hackers. Just. Hackers. (Almost) Every session has hackers. With freemode it isn't very bad if you stay out of their way, but with the jobs... It ruins the experience and makes it impossible to win if they are in the other team.-It can be a tad hard to find people who actually know more words in English than ""Help"" or ""Gogogo"" or ""Attack"", and have better weapons than their pistol.-A lot of missions will fail because of the aformentioned people.-Prices for end game objects are a giant jump from mid-game objects. Seems like they're trying to sell (OVERPRICED) shark-cards.MP: 6/10In the end, with the great SP campaign and the MP that is do-able with friends, I'll rate it 8/10 because the SP sure makes up for the shortcommings of the MP.End: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,271590,32493151,Posted: 16 June,all,Cookie Monster,"On behalf of the OpenIV team, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32542980,Posted: 18 June,all,Nixteen,"I was already pretty annoyed with how Online was being handled, so the recent fiasco with mods really killed this game for me. Let's be honest - this game has been out for a few years now on multiple platforms, so there is a good chance you've played the singleplayer. As fantastic as that is, there isn't a need to buy the game just to play it again, and with mods gone, the only thing to really do is online, which is garbage."
76561198074087052,Not Recommended,271590,16776078,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gringo Stingo,"Now, before you jump on me for not recommending this game I just wanna say that I do not recommend buying this game AT THE MOMENT.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The things that makes Gta 5 one of the best games in the universe.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Gta 5 is a flawless sandbox-game where you can go around and do almost whatever you like in an enormous map. It's like they put you in another life where you can do whatever you like without being punished for it. You can just run down the street and punch someone in the face, steal someone's car, steal a chopper, steal a jet, go on a npc killing spree. There's almost no limit of what you can do.The online mode is what makes this game so extremely good (in my opinion). Just think of it, doing this stuff i mentioned before but with friends! When you're playing gta online you get to create your own character and when you've done that you'll just have to clear the tutorial and after that you're free to join a server and do whatever you like! You can contact your friends and start a job to earn money and xp. If you got 4 friends, one of them or you can start a little more difficult but well-payed job called heists. The more you level up on gta, the more jobs, heists, vehicles and weapons you unlock.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Some annoying things in Gta but doesn't affect the game alot--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I know that this isn't something that can be helped but the loading in gta can be a real b!tch and the online might not be so fun without friends. The cloud servers are right now a little weird because they're sometimes preventing you or others from joining online.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------THE REASON WHY I DON'T RECOMMEND BUYING IT RIGHT NOW--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Rockstar had a problem where people who installed mods into gta got permanently banned, even if they used the mods offline. In the latest patch rockstar tried to fix this issue (possibly) but the patch only made it worse.It's not why you couldn't install any mods in gta why I don't recommend this game now, it's because of cheaters.There are ALOT of cheaters that have overflowed the gta online servers. These cheaters are ruining the gta online-economy by spawning tons of money to other players on the server and they are also ruining the fun for alot of players by constantly killing them even if they're in passive mode (passive mode is a mode where you can't be killed by players) or not. It's almost impossible to report them aswell because they can hide themselves or their name and they can use other players name.Becuase of the cheaters all of the good things I meantioned above about jobs, heists and fun gets thrown out the window, because why would you wanna play a heist or a job now when you have a funk ton of money? You can buy every vehicle in the game when you're at a low level. You'll feel that you won't gain anything from doing heists and jobs because you already have everything you've wished for, the jobs and heists will be completely pointless. Sure, it may feel good at first but that happiness will not last long, you'll get bored of the game almost right after you bought it.And that's why I don't recommend buying this game right now. Until rockstar has fixed this issue, then I highly recommend this game!"
76561198169938803,Not Recommended,271590,32423936,Posted: 14 June,all,Burgzy,"Multiplayer is a microtransaction filled hellhole. Single player is fun, but thanks to the devs being money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, new and interesting content is being locked to the online version, where you either have to spend weeks grinding or pay them obscene amounts of money. Killing mod support for the singleplayer was an incredibly dumb idea, as it was one of the only reasons I, and many others, bought the game for a second time, after owning it on console. Furthermore the only reason mod support is gone is because money hungry devs dont want their players to have new content unless they are overpaying for it. I strongly recommend avoiding this game unless you have a small country's worth of money as disposable income, or actively enjoy being dicked over by people who don't give two ♥♥♥♥s about anything except revenue. I will not be buying any more rockstar, or take-two games in the future, until this is resolved."
,Not Recommended,271590,32511566,Posted: 17 June,all,Kachi,"Had this game installed forever, finally decided I wanted to finish the single player because the internet was out. Could't play it, and rage uninstalled it immidately months ago. Now they want to shut down modding.GJ Rock$tar, first you delay the PC version for years and try to milk your fanboys with GTA online. This is how you♥♥♥♥♥♥off your customers."
,Not Recommended,271590,32512581,Posted: 17 June,all,nasen,no mods no deal
,Not Recommended,271590,32767189,Posted: 25 June,all,Jdizzle,"The online part of the game is only designed to earned money for rockstar. The new content is a joke, put out some heists not useless vehicles that cost your soul."
76561198012594015,Not Recommended,271590,32484154,Posted: 16 June,all,Notice Me Senpai,Take-two has made modding impossible. I hope this negative response will show other publishers that this was a huge mistake.
,Not Recommended,271590,32484170,Posted: 16 June,all,Joe VACtri,On behalf of the OpenIV team.
,Not Recommended,271590,32484493,Posted: 16 June,all,AkaJacob,I've bought this game on PC only for modding. Thanks Take Two for f*cking that up.
,Not Recommended,271590,32439274,Posted: 15 June,all,Smooth Sloth,OpenIV should not be banned.
,Not Recommended,271590,32439939,Posted: 15 June,all,Mr.Newt_,It's a pretty good game until they decide to try to milk it for even more money by killing singleplayer modding.
,Not Recommended,271590,32441123,Posted: 15 June,all,EXTRA_CRISPY,Rip modding
76561198059307714,Not Recommended,271590,32441484,Posted: 15 June,all,OriginalGamer16,Open IV needs to survive
76561197999993513,Not Recommended,271590,32441668,Posted: 15 June,all,Gally -right click 2 watch-,"Like every GTA game, it has fantastic single player. The story is fun and in depth. Control wise, I won't call it realistic but driving is certainly fun, if limited to low top speeds. Gunplay works as you expect GTA should. Graphics are great even on medium settings. The world is varied with many places to go and see. The multiplayer is just a grindfest for money. I do not endorse hacking but if a hacker comes into your multiplayer lobby and drops you a dozen million or so, that's a huge help. They just saved you many hours of grinding out dumb as ♥♥♥♥ missions.The multiplayer is also strife with micro transactions.Now even with that review, I would still give this game a thumbs up because of the excellent, amazing single player campaign and fun lobby games you can do with friends without needing money. But a recent development has changed my mind.Take Two interactive, the publishers of GTAV, have recently sent a Cease and Desist letter to OpenIV. OpenIV is a free piece of software that is essentially THE tool for modders. Take Two did this right in the midst of E3, which I will give them credit was a smart move because all the rest of the gaming press is covering that (or whining about it). I suspect they are doing this because modding the singleplayer means more people playing singleplayer over multi, and thus not spending money on their dumb micro transactions. It's pretty blantant what their objective is.If you care about GTAV, GTAV mods or modding in general, you will leave a like minded review, sign the ""Save OpenIV""change.orgpetition and send your complaints directly to Take Two. Remember when Steam and Bethesda tried to monetize modding? That's what needs to happen here."
,Not Recommended,271590,32441997,Posted: 15 June,all,Nez,"This game was a lot of fun when it came out. The singleplayer is pretty solid too. The modding community was excellent. I saw WAS because Take Two issued a Cease and Desist to OpenIV, the only real modding tool for the game, in a fruitless attempt to try and prevent users from modding online and giving out money.Not only have Take Two ruined this game, but R* is just recycling the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over online in an attempt to get Shark Cards. Gun Running is just CEO work with bunkers. CEO work is just Motorcycle clubs with a business/base. Motorcycle Clubs are just Heists with a Clubhouse. You get the point. The game is stale at this point. There's not much to do once you get what you want from it.Also, you can't prevent modders from doing their♥♥♥♥♥♥ Most lobbies you get into are rife with people teleporting everyone, exploding them spontaneously, dropping millions of dollars on them/exploiting the SecuroServ system and just making the game generally unplayable."
,Not Recommended,271590,32442086,Posted: 15 June,all,chukez,♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198021251760,Not Recommended,271590,32442162,Posted: 15 June,all,rick fan,"The constant ♥♥♥♥ ups the people behind this game are doing, is astonishing.First, they raise the price during steam summer sale to 90 bucks just to be able to say that it is discounted by 30%, and add some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ingame cash in it so make it not seem all that bad.And most recently, they have DISALLOWED MODS IN SINGLEPLAYER.Something Rockstar games have ENDORSED over the years, saying that they love the mods the community creates.Do not buy this game, and I think there should be more reviews giving this game Thumb downs, to send a message to every developer thinking about doing the same.♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,271590,32443492,Posted: 15 June,all,Coconutsales,"Hey, this was a neat game when the modding scene was intact. Now they've done and taken that away so this game is pretty trash. Hey Take-Two Interactive, go slobber a long one."
76561198049770445,Not Recommended,271590,32446171,Posted: 15 June,all,★๖ۣۜAlinatⓞrℜasiert ๖,no modding
,Not Recommended,271590,32447298,Posted: 15 June,all,gergez,Mods not allowed anymore. Forget about that game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32448147,Posted: 15 June,all,Flossy,"Bought this game for the single player story (which was fun) and was hoping to see future DLC for it. Instead, the online component was pushed and milked in the quest for even more money, while the single player mode was ignored. Modding the game became the only option for people wanting more content in single player. Now that's been shut down thanks to the greedy corporate knobs at Take Two Interactive.I regret buying it and will never purchase another Take Two published game again.Good game, but the people behind it are rubbish. Don't give them your money."
,Not Recommended,271590,32448875,Posted: 15 June,all,Timmy1e,"Single player modding is necessary if the developer doesn't add more content, so don't start legal action against them.THE GAME IS DEAD."
,Not Recommended,271590,32449496,Posted: 15 June,all,JimTheMilkMan,"This game, while fun, is absolute sh/t. They are now removing modding TO SINGLEPLAYER(????), have added running companys into a game about ROBBING THEM, flying cars, and other dumb sh/t like that. You need to be a rich f/ck to do anything because they jacked the price up of everything to get you to buy more shark cards. If your new good luck doing anything execpt being killed over and over.They wonder why people love modders in this game that give them money...I would buy for the singleplayer, it's amazing! But now that we can't mod, or do almost anything in multiplayer without cash, its better to just watch a playthough of the singleplayer and leave it at that."
,Not Recommended,271590,32451168,Posted: 15 June,all,[RN SCP] Nigel,RIP GTA V
76561198032310210,Not Recommended,271590,32451554,Posted: 15 June,all,Mr. Spam,The publisher sent a cease and desist order to a majority of the modding community. If you don't have this game already don't buy it now.
76561198058790256,Not Recommended,271590,32451586,Posted: 15 June,all,DirectoryFiber1,GTA has had a reputation as Mod Friendly Game with LSPDFR One of the most popular mods and a reason i bought GTA in the first place. Until take two learns that PC Modding cannot be stopped I can not play this game in good faith. ♥♥♥♥ YOU TAKE TWO.
,Not Recommended,271590,32451933,Posted: 15 June,all,Eminence,One of the main draws of the game was the modding scene. Why break what works perfectly?
,Not Recommended,271590,32452028,Posted: 15 June,all,Cool Pepe,"""You can't just take away an entire pillar of the community""Rockstar: ""Hold my beer"""
,Not Recommended,271590,32452030,Posted: 15 June,all,TheReaperWarrior,"I don't usually leave game reviews here on Steam, mainly because I never really bothered to, but in this case I'm opening an exception.In light of the recent events (June 15 - 2017), Take-Two Interactive is proactively hunting and shutting down numerous GTA V modders and their projects, the most recent one - OpenIV, a tool that allows players to decompress and compile custom content into the game file format. This tool is used for SINGLE-PLAYER MODE ONLY, since you are pretty much INSTANTLY BANNED if you modify GTA ONLINE.Not being enough, they decided to FORBID any modding whatsoever to the game - even single-player.If my game experience DOES NOT interfere with or degrade other people's games, why am I not entitled to do whatever I please with the game that I BOUGHT?I can no longer recommend GTA V to anyone, if this foul anti-consumer practices go along nowadays, god knows what they come up with tomorrow to screw your experience and your hard earned money along.PLEASE DO NOT SUPPORT THESE PRACTICES AND DONT GIVE THESE PEOPLE ANY MORE MONEY."
76561198123466430,Not Recommended,271590,32452904,Posted: 15 June,all,Eatingmuffinz,If milking was an olympic sport this team would win
76561198156668927,Not Recommended,271590,32454384,Posted: 15 June,all,MidgetninjaWTF,RIP mods
76561198014142044,Not Recommended,271590,32456619,Posted: 15 June,all,daifail,"I only bought this game to play it modded, specifically the LSPDFR mods.  Now I am stuck with a game i have no real interest in playing because I can no longer play it as I see fit.  I would strongly suggest not buying this game until this is cleared up and set back to right."
,Not Recommended,271590,32457027,Posted: 15 June,all,Robert Fagot,♥♥♥♥ Take Two.THEY TOOK OUR MODS
,Not Recommended,271590,32457310,Posted: 15 June,all,Siramok,"Dont buy this, Take two interactive is screwing it over with the online gameplay and anti modding policys."
,Not Recommended,271590,32457521,Posted: 15 June,all,OztinCloud,"I have owned this game for four years. From the PS3 to the PC. I bought a PS3 just to play it because it wasn't on PC. Poured thousands of hours into it on ps3 and hundreds into the PC version. Including the online mode. Only four months ago I decided to try to play mods. Not knowing Rockstar is the Nazi Germany of mods trying to exterminate all of the mods. But I had fun. I didn't touch multiplayer because I knew better. But I played with realism mods, LSPDFR and mods that allowed multiplayer vehicles to singleplayer. And I played through the whole story and had tons of fun with the story that has received no DLC. No additional Locations, basically completely ignored after a few bug fixes and texture improvement from release date. I have played through the story nearly a dozen times and modding gave me several playthroughs of having some more fun.Well when I was done playing with mods and wanted to try the multiplayer again. I reverted all my files to the original backup I kept and tried to play multiplayer only to find out that I had been banned permanently. After several emails I found out that I was banned on MULTIPLAYER. For playing SINGLEPLAYER with mods. Since then I have yet to touch the game. It has been several months and now I have found out that Nazi Germany. I mean, Rockstar (Sony) has been threatening legal action to modders. People who's sole purpose was to make the game better. Or more fun. Or silly. People who loved grand theft auto. Who were dedicated fans who have played through all of them multiple times like myself.Honestly there are so many better games out there that I really think you could have more fun playing something else. And if you're not one of the millions of steam users who own grand theft auto 5 and are considering purchasing it? Please don't. It's not worth it. Buy Grand Theft Auto 4. Add some texture mods and gun mods or anything you want. And enjoy that game. But be careful because on the PC you need to mod the game in order for it to even work because of Games for Windows Live. A failed program that has been a scar on several PC games.Choose wisely. Don't get GTA:V developed by Adolf Hitler of Nazi-exterminate all the mods."
,Not Recommended,271590,32479825,Posted: 16 June,all,Baul Plart: Call Mop,"Effectively made modding illegal by sending a C&D to the creaters of the OpenIV tool claiming that the tool can enable malicious mods online.Which is false as OpenIV blocks access to the online mode.They're not blocking the tool to prevent ""Malicious mods"".They're trying their hardest to prevent people from playing the single player because the less people playing the multiplayer, the less people they can scam with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t sharkcards as they release new content and make it cost far to much in game cash for someone to get in a reasonable ammount of time.R* and Take 2 can go kiss my sweaty, hairy♥♥♥♥♥We dont bow down to your cancer lads. You should bow down to us you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,271590,32483703,Posted: 16 June,all,JxnD,Take two is really screwing the players and the modding community. please don't buy this game without doing your research on how scummy the parent organizations are.
76561198302489806,Not Recommended,271590,32483751,Posted: 16 June,all,TradeMarkedTM,"It's sad because the base game is great, but recently Take-Two (The company that owns rockstar) have been more and more overbearing with the community.The most recent example being them sending a cease and desist letter to OpenIV, the games biggest third party modding API, I just can't recommend it anymore, and as they have recently purchased Kerbal Space Program, I sincerely hope they don't ♥♥♥♥ that up too."
,Not Recommended,271590,32483796,Posted: 16 June,all,Lumi The Lizard,"Outside some minor testing, I've never much had any reason for playing GTA V, and this partially came down to the excessive draconian ruling concerning their online half, with legitimate programs unrelated to aiding in the game triggering the floodgate of bans. With recent news of the OpenIV closure due to Take Two, a program designed for modding the single-player half of the game only, they have opened themselves into a PR nightmare that could see shares plummet for future products.While I was able to get the game on sale, most people wanted to play as soon as possible. For my £20, I have a multiplayer mode I'm too scared to go on in fear of receiving a ban for having Discord up, to a Single-player that has now lost the main avenue to install some incredible mods, some fully changing how the game plays."
76561198058877856,Not Recommended,271590,32437047,Posted: 15 June,all,dr_drew1,RIP OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32437313,Posted: 15 June,all,grundo1561,"Rockstar PERMANENTLY banned my 10 year old brother after he was involuntarily given in-game money by a hacker. Rockstar wouldn't take any appeals on the ban. He was literally sobbing. Be aware that your online priveleges could be revoked at any time. Rockstar is a horrible horrible company, and I regret having given them my money.Multiplayer isn't worth it. Just pirate it for the single player."
,Not Recommended,271590,32437430,Posted: 15 June,all,Panda,Story is incredibly mediocre.Online is also an absolutely horrible experience. It generally takes 5-10 minutes to enter a lobby. Then you'll likely end up dropping out randomly very shortly after connecting.I was also randomly banned 2 times for reasons that Rockstar refused to disclose. One of these bans I only found out about because I was looking through past emails and hadn't played the game since I was initially temp banned.They are also trying to kill the modding community which is horrible.
76561198000675282,Not Recommended,271590,32438079,Posted: 15 June,all,LewBae,Take Two can not get away with attacking the single player modding community. Paying full price for the game should decree ownership enough to mod your experience at your own discretion.A shameful move to try and push people into microtransactional content. It isn't like they haven't already broken records with this game.
,Not Recommended,271590,32438168,Posted: 15 June,all,LetchikSnayper,Nobody would have bought this game on PC if it wasn't for mods. Nobody wants you grarbage micro transactions
76561198009161083,Not Recommended,271590,32438687,Posted: 15 June,all,Corweezy,For OpenIV.
,Not Recommended,271590,32439292,Posted: 15 June,all,p05_,OpenIV Is kill thanks to take two. Don't buy from such ♥♥♥♥♥♥ publishers
