user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,271760,19822132,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Evil incarnate,"I own and have beaten both the Collector's Edition and remixed versions.---Have you ever sat cross-legged with your left hand on your cheek, searching for that hidden gem RPG among the crowd? Congratulations, you may have just found that. If you're a fan of Bioware's old RPGs and older games such as Summoner, Severance, Enclave, Deathtrap Dungeon, Die by the Sword and the Elder Scrolls games there is a high chance you're going to really enjoy this one. Dungeon Lords is an old, but obscure, aged yet playable third person CRPG. The game supports unlocked framerate and fps in-game (unfortunately the menus are 23fps locked), which already puts half of modern PC ports to shame. For a 2005 remastered port, this is impressive. Now, what differs this game from other RPGs even ones considered masterpieces is what the game offers and how it presents itself.Those games I listed? Combine them together, imagine they poly morphed as one game and grew up with just one parent. That's this game in a nutshell. The game offers real time combat with hotkeys, status screens, doll-like inventory, real-time changing portraits, and much more, which would take me beyond the word limit to list. Dungeon Lords also offers a point and click mode, which brings the cursor on-screen so you can play it like a traditional MMO, or you can just stick with the default action control system. The bog standard difficulty mode is there but in addition to a random encounter chance slider. No, that doesn't mean your world transitions into a ""battle mode"" ala Final Fantasy, it just means the chance of random mob spawns. There's options for view distance, individual audio sliders, camera smoothness, mouse sensitivity + inversion... it goes on.Now, the meat of the game. It's a 2005 game so it will lack modern polish and care, hence the single parent bad joke I made. Some animations, sound effects, the voice acting and the general ware and tare feel of the game is quirky and aged, HOWEVER, I actually think this compliments the vibrant art scheme of the graphics in a strange and twisted way. The graphic fidelity isn't high as you'd expect, but they remind me of Morrowind and Neverwinter Nights 2, to compare. Just don't expect lots of NPCs and text boxes on screen all at one time.The game features a class system, m/f, different races and starting kits kind of like Dragon Age. If you're aware of Bethesda games they offer freedom, go anywhere, do what you want. Well... this game has that, too. You can completely ignore the main quest and go do your own thing and now with up to eight player co-op, this will be immensely fun. Yes, eight players with this Steam version. Modern RPGs struggle with just two. Cool isn't it?Back to gameplay, there's your typical cooldowns for spells and skills, you attack spam with clicks and opposite click for shield blocking. This is where it reminds me of the Summoner and even the Dark Souls games. It has that sort of ""personalisation"" feel to it, the roleplaying has emphasis and it feels like you're going on a medieval adventure. The game's atmosphere in certain dungeons really has that Dark Souls and Severance aesthetic and eeriness. Speaking of, since this is an old CRPG with some Dungeons and Dragons rulesets, the game feels traditional and does nothing more to innovate beyond that. Which can be seen as good or bad to you. The game has your main quest, side quests, towns to barter and learn rumours from, and dungeons to go explore for loot. There's orcs, skeletons, crows, atypical mythical beasts to fight, the sort of stuff that's commonplace in fantasy lore.Don't get me wrong here, this isn't the best CRPG out there and PERSONALLY I do think it can match Bioware's old material and hell even beat older CRPGs like those wave of DOS ones from the 90s. BUT. And I mean BUT. Dungeon Lords feels very unpolished, as said, mixed in with a lack of hand-holding and a truly investing story, you might find yourself becoming bored quickly if you're looking for that ""different and unqiue"" RPG experience. Although, the game does differentiate itself amongst other CRPGs of the same genre. However, Dungeon Lords is your traditional and tried-and-true from start to finish. There's no forced romance, no deep epic companions or dialogue and quotes that will eventually end up as memes, dialogue wheels that don't actually effect anything and a voiced protagonist. But what you're getting is a quirky yet enjoyable CRPG that is built around:-Customisation-Roleplaying-Freedom-Old school feelIf any, or all, of those concepts interest you I urge you to check this one out. I've beaten both versions of this game, alone, and I love it. However, I'm aware that it won't appeal to everybody DESPITE the game having tuns of options to mess with like a girl and her make-up. So please, if you enjoyed this review, check the game out and have fun! Give a friend a call, try the co-op and thanks for reading! Now, you may uncross your legs and place your left hand on the desk. :)"
,Recommended,271760,19837484,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Shibamancer,"This is gonna sound all kinds of strange, but I'm recommending the game. Is the game good? Not at all! Is it fun? Yes. Yes it is.Brief history lesson: Heuristic Park released version 1.0 of Dungeon Lords in 2005. It received patches in the classic sense - update files that you download, execute, point toward your install folder and let it to the work. These patches, however, didn't do much as far as I'm aware.My history with it was that I got the Collector's Edition, a special rerelease which fixed several bugs and had a new character class and a tonne of new content! I found it when I was rather young at a dollar store. I didn't know why an RPG of such scale was in a dollar store, but lo and behold! I get back home, pop it into my Windows XP computer and give it a launch. The game was buggy, with spells like Freezing Touch and Burning Hands not working, and all sorts of great stuff.I originally wrote off the acrobatics system as faulty, however it didn't tell me that you needed certain ranks in the Acrobatics skill to use certain dodge rolls and flips. This was pretty nice, albeit unexplained. Perhaps the Freezing Touch and Burning Hands problem was a matter of the skill system too? I don't know.The matter at hand here is that the game was rereleased in 2012 in the form you see now. It was entirely reworked: An engine overhaul, new systems, fancy effects, a point-and-click mode, etc.The original version of the game always had co-op, through LAN or internet play. Now, we have Steam for eight-player co-op.I'm going to highlight some of the main differences between the versions here:The spell system: In the original, you could usually find spells out in the wilderness as loot, and depending on your starting class you may have started with one or two. As far as I know you may have been able to put ranks in any type of magic skill and use it, but I may be wrong. In this Steam Edition, you get one spell per level, and each class seems to have a certain type of magic they use, that they learn each level.The skill system: In the original, there were many types of skills, and you could rank up in any one you pleased using a skill point. In this version of the game, your skills gain experience in a similar way to how you level up in The Elder Scrolls or Final Fantasy II: You use something, it gains experience. You gain skill points every level, but if you use one on a skill, it just gives it an experience boost, and will not guarantee a level up. I'm personally not much a fan of this.The graphics: The game now has fancy bloom and fog, and WORKING particle effects! The UI is a little less polished than it originally was, but I still find it enjoyable.The multiplayer: Hoo boy, is this game a hoot to play online. The bugs or simple obscurity of practically EVERYTHING in this game makes this game a laugh to play with others. The Collector's Edition is absolutely riddled with bugs or quirks, while the netcode works well. Saves are confusing, but the bugs and problems make the game hilarious! I have yet to test the game in this Steam Edition, but various skills now apply to your allies as well as yourself. It creates a new dynamic that wasn't present in the original.The verdict: Not mentioned above: The physics of this version aren't as... Tight, so to say, as the original/Collector's Edition, and the old spell system was quite nice. This version's difficulty seems much easier than the original's, and in the first dungeon alone I leveled up five times more than I usually did in the original! This isn't so much a problem, but it's interesting to say the least.If you want a solid RPG and don't mind the price tag, get this version! If you want a laugh and a more solid system (WHEN it works) then play the original or the Collector's Edition. Either way, it's an RPG on the PC with cooperative multiplayer. A+ From me!"
,Recommended,271760,19835976,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Salmon,This is the best game that I have ever played.
76561198095610678,Recommended,271760,19937170,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Greatot,"This game is just fantastic. Have you ever wanted to scrach that classic fantasy itch for some grand wizards with epic names pronouncing ""Evil"" in a silly way?  Or huge monsters smashing everything around them with wooden clubs? Or maybe giant red dragons spitting fireballs at you? Then this game is exactly what you're looking for.You are either a Human, Elf, Dwarf, Lizard or one of the creatures of the forests called ""demigoths"" (Furry things), who is either a Warrior, Priest (of sorts), Mage or Rogue, each having various different abilities and mulitple ways to build his character. Like for example as a Rogue, you can either use a bow, axes, daggers or throwing weapons, and may only pick 2 at a time all while you get to level things like summoning power, lockingpicking skills, sneak skill, etc. making 1 class feel more like 3.  On top of that your character has the usual stats like Agility, Strenght, Intellect, etc. which you get to increase every level.Once you know what you want to be, you just jump into the world. It's a visible 2005 game, the best way I could describe the graphics is that they look like Vanilla WoW but better in every way. I really doubt you will have any problems with them, for 2005, they look amazing. And some of the really well made models and enemy facial animations made it age well.There are some other things that make the game look like an MMO. The action bar (where your abilities are placed) looks 1 to 1 like an MMO action bar, the way you level and gain experience and the way you get new loot and equip it are also identical to an MMO. The similarities really end there however. There aren't any quest markers, or tab-target combat or pointless mobs or grindy quests.Infact, the combat and the overall gameplay experience you will have really makes me love this game. There is just something about how the arrows fly, how the throwing weapons get stuck in the creature until it dies, how powerful spells feel really powerful. That something is something rare and amazing, something that you could play hundreds of really popular RPGs and never find, something that makes every hit you deal in this game feel great. KNOCKBACK! Yes, this game has knockback. You know how in Elder Scroll games like Skyrim, you just take up your sword and slash at the opponent while he is slashing at you, making it a dull cut or smash fight until one of you suddenly falls down? Or how shooting fire at them will cause them to just stand there until they fall down dead? There is none of that here.If you have 2 daggers and you are stabbing someone your size with them, they will get knockbacked with every single hit, making it look like you are actually doing some damage, same goes with arrows, spells, axes, maces, whatever! Every single hit feels like it counts. I know it seems like a small thing, but it makes the combat much, much better. Combine that with crazy monster abilities, like Trolls killing you in one massive blow or goblins on huge stake launchers. And you will find that combat will often be great fun.The quests include great puzzles, nice storylines, and they will never hold your hand. Most of the time you are given very little actual information and have to figure it out yourself. Like early on in the game where you told to find this Elven village, yet were never told where it is and just have to randomly walk off into the forest. Probably getting attacked by wolves and all kinds of beasts instead.There are of course bad things, which, I might add, are often completely overblown by some people, bugs were common and would often prevent progression, I haven't run into any so far, and the hope is that they removed them all, but you can never be sure. On top of that, quests provide TOO little information in certain cases, like this Vampire who will tell you you should meet her behind a mansion on the south side of a town, I've been running around for hours and couldn't find anything, that is a case where a quest lacking information didn't lead to more attention or immersion, but just confusion and a waste of time. The quests can be very badly written sometimes and just feel awkward, but that might be likable to some. The game was unfinished when it was released, and you can certainly see it some areas.TL;DRGood:-Combat is really good because of knockback and aiming.-Classic fantasy theme-Plenty of ways to play and build your character-Great graphics for the time-Good quests that never hold your hand-65~ hours worth of gameplay-Large amounts of different enemies-Plenty of loot and abilitiesBad:-Sometimes badly written quests-The possibility of bugs remaining-Certain quests that provide TOO little information, leading to waste of time doing the wrong thing.-A few unfinished areas in certain places.Make of it what you want:-Mobs seem to endlessly respawn in certain dungeons-MMO-like action bar that you need to pressOverall, buy it if you want an amazing old-school kind of Fantasy RPG experience. It could have been better, but by the end of the day it's a great game that is simply fun to play."
76561197982611066,Recommended,271760,20310573,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Anthone314,"Played the original when it came out and am delighted it's rereleased.Game reminds me of my beloved wife.A little old, somewhat quirky and lacks polish.However...It knows how to have fun. It scratches that ARPG itch.Only game I've ever seen that lets you play as a lefty (otherwise, there is no satisfaction).Elemental spells let you feel like a magical wrecking ball, setting people on fire and watching them stagger about.Rogue stealth is satisfying, picking locks is challenging, being a fighter is.. dunno.. never willingly played a meat-shield in any game (might even try being a priest in thie next run).Haven't had this much fun since Dragon Age: Origins.It's sad that this buggy mess still manages to be more entertaining than most of Fallout 4 (to me).Pretty good value for less than $20.00."
76561198062878192,Recommended,271760,19944891,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,No One,This game is kind of old but its still good. I would have loved it if there were more classes and races. What I kinda dislike about this game is the random monster encounters. Sometimes it can be a pain in the butt. Especially the monsters that make you cough uncontrollably. It also took me a while before I realised you can fast travel in this game lol. This quests are nice and challenging. Especially that quest where you try to get the samurai-ish class.Now that i go back and play the steam version i have encountered an unusual lag throughout the game that I never encountered on the cd copy of the game. Is it just my computer or is there something wrong with the steam version. I would be grateful if anyone knows how to fix this.
,Recommended,271760,32056056,Posted: 29 May,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"First of all, I haven't played the CE version but I must say, I love this game despise all the hate it gets.Whatever you like it or not, it depends on you and what you are excepting, It's not the greatest RPG ever.But I love it enough to give it a 7.8/10.It has a good amount of skills and type of weapons, pretty similar to Morrowind.It has a good amount of items for a game of that time.Being able to set random encounters chance in the settings is very cool too, even though very limited (few, normal, many).It has okay textures considering the age of the game.Difficulty overall is pretty easy though but I once met a level 7 spider when I was level 3 and the creature was actually stronger than my character, unlike most of today games where you can kill an enemy level 10 while being level one.It's good but difficulty wise, it could be better.The map looks way too small so far, and there doesn't seems to be a lot to do.But with the random encounters setting at max, there are always enemies around me, I don't even have time to take a break.So here's what I have to say, if you are looking for a non-stop of direct action in a RPG world, go and get this game, if you are unsure about it, try it, it's 50/50, either you'll like it or you won't,Of course, It could use more content, one ore more bigger map(s).But anyway, it's a good game overall, with its flaws of course.7.8/10"
,Recommended,271760,19900394,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Skeletus,"Hello, DungeonLords my old friend, I've come to talk with you again....Highly recommend this game, I actually have the CD's for this game right here, had to get it again.Kind of like... TES mashed into DnD mashed into maddness.Been playing on Win10, Online Multiplayer with no problems so far."
,Not Recommended,271760,19837912,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Quixotic,"I bought this game back in 2005, it was a bug ridden mess. The developers put out a 'collector's edition' a few years later, which promised many bug fixes and more content, I purchased that as well. After that the developers and publisher ran into financial problems and in 2012 they announced under new management there would be a ""even less bugged collectors edition"" but by that time I had forgotten about the game. Now that the developers are owned by nordic games the game has come to steam a good 10 years after its initial release and guess what happened:Played the game for 5 minutes, met a village of goblins and killed them, went into one of their huts and found a locked chest. When I interacted with the chest and I choose the lockpick option.... wait for it..... fatal error and CTD.I guess this proves some things are never meant to be, such as this game."
76561198027129179,Not Recommended,271760,21958454,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Cmrd. Deathcall,"So this is pretty much the gist of it: I play coop with friend. I crash, randomly and almost normally now. Every time I do, he says that the previous savegames get destroyed, leaving only the last one and without my own character in them.This not only means that I lose all progress in the different questlines but also that quest items DO NOT TRANSFER OVER as they are supposed to. We were doing the Shadow Ruins with my pal and I happened to grab the shadowslayer sword. After I crashed, then the sword was nowhere to be found and any previous saves to the CTD got DELETED without a trace.End result, 15 hours of gameplay down the drain since now we can't finish the game.This MUST get fixed soon. We can put up with CTDs, bugs, faulty mechanics and what not, but the game cannot be played to completion in it's current state.If you charged for this ""remastered"" software at least have the decency to FIX some of the problems that have plagued it for more than a decade! I used to play the original one and it still has the same bugs.So, pretty please, fix this.Thumbs down for now and because for some reason I couldn't create a topic on the discussions tab."
76561198039309460,Not Recommended,271760,20341723,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bingis,"This review is mainly for people who played the original game back in 200X.I played this game back in the day when it was chock full of bugs, empty towns, characters that were void of any interest and a multiplayer system that would cause the game to crash...And you know what? I loved it.For some reason there was a charm to the way that the game allowed you to stand there, shooting your bow for 20+ minutes to kill enemies that were never meant to be fought at your level, finally killing them and gaining hundreds of thousands of experience points. The game also rewarded you for playing on harder difficulties by rewarding more experience.I remember doing backflips in full plate armour over mountains to reach areas that were meant for the final hours of the game. The way I was able to increase my speed so my jump attacks would shred the enemies like a wood chipper was also hilarious.The game's mechanics made it fun, giving you the ability to use whatever spells you find as long as you had the proper ingredients, equip whatever weapons and armour you wanted with penalties if you didn't have the required stats and of course the magical power to pause the game in any menu and wait for your stuns and debuffs to wear off while the myriad of enemies politely wait for you to check your stats or find that spellbook that you really need.If I were to give it an honest rating, it'd likely be a 3/10. It wasn't a good game at all, though it was fun and hilarious despite all these shortcomings. I would compare it to movies like ""The Room"" or ""Spiderman 3"", as I don't think either of these movies are good, though they're hilarious fun.Now to describe my experience with the steam edition. The cool starting menu was taken out, which made me frown, though I can get past that. My character was a Zaur fighter, much like my previous playthroughs which eventually became deathlords by the end of the game. They give you starting rune spells which I found kind of strange, though they were useful. As I killed my first few groups of goblins, I noticed that I couldn't equip bows. ""But... But why, though"", I asked. Later I realized that the only spells I WAS allowed to use were the ones given to me by leveling up, making it seem like a bad singleplayer version of a tab-targetting MMORPG. When I finally got to a shopkeeper, I sold all my junk weapons and armour, ending up with over 10k gold (which for some reason is noted with a $ sign). I was able to buy everything I needed at any point because nothing costed enough to make a dent in my wallet. I remember in the old game there was a weapon called the giant battle axe, which required 35 strength to use without penalty. I ended up chopping through enemies like they were made of chocolate with it, despite my strength score of 20. The point at which I was no longer able to handle the changes was when I arrived at the council of ancient elders. You see, in the original game, you could stand there hacking away for minutes on end and take out these huge health boss ghosts and get loads of exp. Now they're level 80 and I can only hit them once every few minutes...In short, the core game is still there. The issue is that the core game was the worst part of it and they changed all the charming bits of it that I liked. If you actually enjoyed the story and were annoyed by the bugs and glitches, this is for you. If you enjoyed the old game because of how stupid it was in spite of its serious tone, I'd recommend staying away from this one.""I MEAN YOU NO HARM!""- Messenger Simon, 2005"
76561197979875832,Recommended,271760,20248096,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Prustan,"On the whole, I did enjoy it.  The graphics have been updated somewhat so they don't look horrible, and the inventory system has been overhauled somewhat to make it clear how much stuff you can haul around before needing to get rid of something.Unfortunately, trying to sell multiples of something to a vendor means needing to close the inventory screen to select how much you're selling, then reopening it to sell the next item.  Also, the change to the class/skills means that alot of the freedom of the original game has been lost, as you are no longer free to spend your experience to increase your skills and attributes as you wish, instead having a much more limited pool of attribute and skill points gained each level.  And, you no longer have 2 Basic, 2 Advanced, and 1 Master class, but 2 Basic, 1 Advanced, and 1 Master, decreasing your options even more.Still, it's a decent enough RPG, especially if you can pick it up during a sale."
,Recommended,271760,31264004,Posted: 20 April,all,Aythadis,"I own an older version of this game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=902854473Though as it's been YEARS since I last played it, I don't remember a whole lot of it. I just know it was an OK game. Not the worst, but not the greatest either. Hell I didn't even know they made a Steam version! I only noticed it when a friend recently bought it when it was -75% off. So I grabbed it as well, sat down one night and just played through it.Playing the old version, there was some problems. Graphically it was average, and could barely keep up to 20FPS, the draw distance wasn't that far, the controls were a little clunky, and the difficulty was insanely brutal if you weren't playing a Tank build, at least for me. Back then I think I ended up making 4 different characters, and the only one that was able to not die was my tank. Playing anything but made the game really difficult. Compared to the old version, this version is alright. This game runs at a smooth 60FPS, the graphics are polished up a little bit, they added/fixed some of the control problems, cleaned up/improved the UI, fixed the difficulty, etc.Though this game still has some problems. The major one is when you are in game, there is no possible way to view the ""options"" menu. You have to quit to the main menu to be able to change anything. There isn't even a pause option in this game. When you open up your menu's or even the save/load screen, the game does not pause. This is annoying for a reason which I will explain.This game has a ""random encounter"" feature to it, where almost anywhere you are (other than certain buildings/stores) there may be a random encounter... or in other words an enemy or group of enemies that want to kill you. This can range from a thief, to a swarm of bats, or a horde of goblins. This is even possible in the middle of town! Combine this with no pause menu, you can be looking through your inventory to sort your bags or add your stats from your level up, and you can be jumped. In this version the chance of having an encounter is really high. There is an option to set how often this happens, but as stated you can't do that in game.Another issue, partly from how the game was built, is that when you are in big areas (not in caves/dungeons/towns) you will experience ""mini loadings"" here and there. This tends to get annoying when you are running down a path, then suddenly stop for a ""loading"" for a few seconds, then continue on for about a min before you are hit with another ""loading"". Again this is partially on how the game was originally built, and don't think it would be possible to remove it.Now, this is probably the biggest fault of the game, but the map design/world design, is just horrible at times. The first few hours of this game is by far the worst thing about this game. There is no store in the beginning for you to unload your junk, and is impossible to go back to the first area after you leave. It takes a few hours to get into town, and it's a rough ride as well. You will be fighting big groups of goblins, and have WAY more loot than you can ever carry, so you have to leave most of it behind. On top of that, in order to even be able to get out, you will be fighting a strong Ogre boss. In my playthrough, I was only level 6, and the Ogre boss was level 12. The game can be cheap, so be warned. Even after you get to town, good luck finding the stores/guilds as there is no navigation or sign posts telling you what is where, and no NPC's will tell you either. You will get lost in the town.Like I said, it's not the worst, but not the greatest either. But it IS fun to play through. I didn't really want to play through it again (as there is no achievements, so I don't really wanna waste too much time on it again) as I just replaying it just for fun and Nostalgia sake. Growing up poor and not really able to go and buy new games all the time, so you had to bargain bin shop, this is one of those games. For the many flaws, it's still a fun adventure to play through this old 2005 game.Just like the old version, there is 8 player coop... But apperently it doesn't work well, as it's direct connection to the host. I never tried it out, but then I never played online for this game originally.Pros:- Runs smooth- Old school RPG with some interesting ideas- Fun to play- Improved difficulty- Steam Traiding CardsCons:- Little pricey- The game takes 3 steps forward, then 1 step back compared to older versions- Poor level design- Story is average- Difficulty/Random Encounters are still a pain- Mini ""Loading"" in large areas.- Controls/camera can be clunky at times- Multiplayer net code is old/doesn't work well- No AchievementsFor $15 it's a little pricey, especially for an older game that didn't do well like this. If you are interested, wait till it hits -75% or more."
76561198030809657,Recommended,271760,19923343,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Craig,I've purchased several copies of every iteration of Dungeon Lords for myself and friends. It is my favorite game. I hope for a sequel.
,Not Recommended,271760,23902799,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Revisor,"A complex and ambitious game, but clunky, with many usability problems and ultimately unfulfilling.- There are many skills. Some of them increase automatically with use, some of them do not. It is not always clear what skill levels do and what is worth upgrading.- There is random loot but 95% of the items you find are useless junk- Combined with the fact that you cannot sort inventory, this leads very quickly to chaos- Some enemies are placed manually in the maps, but there are also mobs that respawn randomly behind you. The respawn rate is quick and this makes dungeon crawling annoying.- Some items can be used, some doors opened, but the game doesn't say which- Combat is realtime, based on skills with cooldowns, and it's very clunky- Story and writing are, from what I saw in the few hours I played, quite badOverall: Not recommended."
,Recommended,271760,25897826,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ImperialPanda,"I never played Dungeon Lords when it first came out. I only picked the game up because of two things: 1) I have never heard of Dungeon Lords (probably for good reasons) and 2) it was on sale for $3.74. I make enough money to throw at games of questionable quality on sale so I decided to roll the dice on this unknown aRPG.When first entering the game world, you are greeted with a very cold opening. Not cold in the sense that the game throws you into the action, but cold as in lifeless. You start in a forested area and immediately receive a letter from an NPC instructing you to travel to town. You have no particular motivation but you do it because thou must. You walk roughly 20-30 feet and you come to the town in question only to find that it is closed off.This is where the game tricked you into believing that you would start the game playing through a woodland/town area. Instead, the game forces you to enter a sewer level no more than 5 minutes into the game. Many people find sewer levels to be egregious and not particularly thrilling. Ironically Oblivion tutorial level was a sort of sewer level but Elder Scrolls games have always somehow been able to make sewer levels fun and interesting. As stated before, Dungeon Lords is not an Elder Scrolls game. Dungeon Lords does not do sewer level justice. But, as with everything else, Dungeon Lords sewer section is almost serviceable.Before going any further, I should go into the actual gameplay and controls. The game movement is WASD with mouselook/cursor mode on a toggle. All of the menus can be accessed via keyboard bindings or using the cursor mode to click on the desired menu icon. Combat is done with mouse click and some mix of auto targeting and manual aim. You physically need to move up to the enemy to being able to hit but your activated skills can target the enemy for you. Active skills use the number keys similar to most MMORPGs and you are even able to use the F number keys above.Dialogue is handle through a text box with keywords used to make inquiries and find out information. The textbox and keywords are reminiscent of Morrowind’s system, except lacking the details or volume of that game (which could go either way as a good thing or a bad thing). I was very pleased to see this system in place though I did find it lacking in comparison. All in all, it was serviceable.Combat itself can feel very cumbersome. In essence, the game is very much a clickfest where you are repeatedly just clicking to get strikes off. While the combat itself is not the engaging part, it is the enemy encounters that make the combat feel more satisfying. Some rooms have fixed enemy placement, making the challenge being how to deal with a certain set up, such as archers on rafters or a ballista perched on the other side of a bridge. Furthermore, some enemies have special abilities or characteristics that make them unique from one another. The slime release gas that temporarily makes it so your PC cannot attack. Archers will take potshots at you and fall back. Rats spawn in large groups and will rush you. The combat is a little above average but it is due to some very challenging fixed enemy placements. However, in stark contrast to this game design are the random encounters (which I will go into detail later on).The level design of the sewer never reaches the height of an Elder Scrolls sewer level but yet has some redeeming features. The level itself appears linear, but rewarded some exploration with hidden rooms with extra treasure and paths that folded back onto itself. It gave hope that the game had some form of challenge and interesting design in store. However the second half of the level undid all the goodwill I had afforded the game based on the few merit I have awarded it thus far.It was not enough for the developers to make the first dungeon a sewer level, but they committed a graver sin by designing the second half as a maze. Worst, technically there are two mazes in this level. The first one is the transition out of the sewer into a basement area. The level contained no load screens, which to its credit is great given how large the area was. However, for the purpose of this analysis, the lack of a load screen makes so that two subsequent mazes count towards the first level. The first maze is slightly annoying since you are required to manually open doors that automatically close behind you. Even with the auto map feature, it was still confusing on which way to proceed.It was during the maze that I realized that the game not only had respawing mobs, but “random encounters” that are triggered far too often. Encounters can spawn just by merely reentering a room or area that you had just cleared minutes before hand. The spawn rate is so obscene that it nearly made me want to rage quit and refund the game. However, more on that later.You immediately enter the second maze after exiting the first. You take an elevator that gives the hopes of freedom only to be disappointed by locked doors. While short (and it can argued that it is not maze but I argued it is) the maze is frustrating in itself due to the fact that you require two keys to open the doors. While you already found one of the keys earlier, there is no indication on which door require which key. These doors appear the same and the only method to ascertain whether it will open or not is to manually attempt to open it. While it is quick to find the correct path, this scenario left a sour taste as the player would have immediately just completed one maze only to find another slightly more annoying maze.Once I found the correct path, I stumble upon the boss encounter for the level. The boss is a level 12 ogre. This ogre is challenging in itself due to a very significant level difference (I arrived at level 6 and this is after a copious amount of random encounters in the maze). The boss hits hard, tanks a lot of damage, does get staggered easily and is also assisted by a large mob consisting of 4-6 easy goblins, 1 goblin mage and 1 goblin ballista slightly to the side on a raise area which is difficult to get to. The mage and the ballista are rather hard mobs to begin with, both requiring a lot of hits to take down and also being able to deal a lot of damage to the player. Thankfully, the random encounter supplied me with a sizable cache of healing potions.With the ogre’s defeat, I finally exit the first dungeon and enter the town area. Once on the surface, I was ecstatic to finally get out of combat and seek some NPCs to offload my loot. The first NPC engaged me in dialogue and gave me a reminder that I liked the game dialogue system. The second NPC to immediately follow was a brigand.There are random encounters in the town area.After some research, I discovered that the game has 8 player co-op and an adjustable respawn rate. This new information was a revelation since it gave insight as to the reasoning behind the logic of the game design. Like any sensible person, I immediately adjusted the spawn rate to low. While on this matter, it is necessary to point out that the game does not come with a manual (at the time of writing). A search shows only one walkthrough on GameFAQ (a poor one at that). This game required a lot of figuring out on my part, in terms of controls and game logic. I haven’t struggled playing a game since Morrowind. While this may seem like a slight on Dungeon Lords, it was actually fairly refreshing to not suffer tutorialization or hand holding.With only 100 minutes of gameplay at the time of writing, I still have the Steam refund as a form of recourse. However, I will not be refunding this game and will be giving it my recommendation (how much you’re willing to pay for the game is up to you as personally I find anything more than the sale price of $3.74 to be too rich for my blood)."
76561198040488723,Recommended,271760,19887131,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Melandrhild,"Great fun in LAN multiplayer (didn't try other multi modes), great fun solo with the old school atmosphere and the character customization (a rare feature in this kind of game.) Very playable too, like a classic MMO."
76561198105399027,Not Recommended,271760,20428908,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,s_casey17,"If you have not played the Collectors Edition this might be a fun game for you.  However having played the CE the revamp on Dungeon Lords just absolutely destroyed the best parts of the game.  What made CE great was the simplicity of the training system, the simplicity of the equipment and magic systems.  The ability to use spells on the run etc...  The revamp has made all this unwieldy and for lack of a better term a clusterfrick.  The training system sucks.  This new system for damaged weapons and armor sucks.  You can't kill a group of wolves without having to repair your sword or axe.  How is it supposed to be fun when you do nothing but repair every time you have to kill a bat or rat...The old version definitely had it's quircks and draw backs.  But they tried to revamp to much with the new release.The Negatives:  New magic system, constant equipmant repairs, new item storage system, combat system (who decided to make you run when you move to the left instead of side stepping?) new training system sucks.The Positives:  It appears some of the old crash bugs are fixed.  Graphics are better.  Fewer compatibility issues with new OS and screen resolutions."
76561197970514284,Recommended,271760,32910568,Posted: 27 June,all,PiTTnj,It's aged pretty well. I've played this since release but never got this far befure due to bugs and hours of wandering without the game helping me figure out where to go next for the active missions. It's largely been fixed and is a better than average old-school rpg game and well worth the few bucks and time to play. Enjoy!
,Recommended,271760,26410917,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Fergus,dunjin lords
76561198010392957,Not Recommended,271760,23971323,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Super Drewski,"It has the potential to be a great game, Diverswe spells, challenging at times. Bugs however kill fun. In coop mode second player loses keys and both need to talk to the same person for the same quest. Coming out of doors get lock into space and often can't break free. Save don't work especially after one character dies. ressuection scrolls only work on the person who has them. You can't raise the other. No resistences to speak of . So i can't recommend this game even for cheap."
76561198045046220,Recommended,271760,33622549,Posted: 17 July,all,Dravix,"Not even sure if this edition can be beaten, my original disc copy was a bit odd in that it let  me join all the guilds at once and had the quest that could not be completed, cant rightfully remember which one though. Still a great beat'em up thanks to the enemy spawnb system and the weapon physics where if the sword, or axe, touches a mob, it takes damage. Lot of flailing the mouse around during combat, but it was actually effective in this case. Put thousands of hours into it originally, doing LAN multiplayer when I was in highschool, an entire summer wasted playing this game for 16-18 hours a day, running off redbull and gas station breakfast pizzas. Good times.For nostalgia's sake.."
,Recommended,271760,20248804,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ForestDragon,"I give now a positive, because I LOVE Dungeon Lords, many bugs are gone since Dungeon Lords MMXII, but the Steam Edition still need more updates!"
76561198042511192,Not Recommended,271760,24097788,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,pr3006,"I played the original Dungeon Lords and though I've heard about the original having bugs I never had a problem with it. Me and my brother also never had an issue with multiplayer. With the steam edition the game has trouble starting up the inventories and menus in game have all benn changed and they are harder to use. I wanted to get this game for multiplayer but after a few seconds the person I was playing with would have their character freaze. The game wouldn't let them exit out, and it wouldn't let me exit either. This game was always fun to play, but the steam edition is barely playable in multiplayer."
76561197993679794,Not Recommended,271760,31199312,Posted: 17 April,all,Vampsin,"If you are buying this game to play co-op, unfortunately the entire service is completely broken and unplayble. Single player, the game is charming and nostalgic, and holds up as a solid RPG.Multiplayer is simply not a thing, so thumbs down for advertising that it is."
76561198136072271,Not Recommended,271760,25173073,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Teralitha,"I really like Dungeon Lords and I have the disk version, but this steam version has horrible controls.ATM I cannot recommend this game until they fix the unintuitive spellcaster controls.   You pretty much need 3 hands to be a spellcasting character.If you only want to play as melee classes there is no issue.  You will like the game.Im kinda surprised they changed the magic using controls from the disk version which were set up perfectly.  Anyway that is the only beef I have with this game. But its a big beef, because its unplayable for me(as a mage character) Once they fix it, I will change it to recommend.And of course, if they dont fix it, I will be getting a refund, and you shouldnt buy it either.  I see no reason why they wouldnt fix it.  Its a simple UI change and benefits everyone.Edit: I managed to fix my problems with the disk version, so Im refunding this.  Still dont recommend until they fix the UI.  The old UI was perfect, no idea why they dumbed it down.I think alot of people buy this expecting a good coop or multiplayer experience.  Its more of a solo game to be honest.  I dont think multiplayer adds to the experience.I highly recommend you buy the collectors edition on disk if you can find it.  This game is one of those hidden gems of times past."
76561198026545117,Recommended,271760,21246495,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mysticalyale,"Bought this game back when it came out about 10 years ago, but was never able to get very far due to glitches. Not for lack of trying.  Obviously the multiplayer is what sells this game and it seems to work, finally beat the game playing with a friend and feel like playing it again. Not the greatest game, but it is fun and with glitches, funny. Make sure and save in many slots and often."
76561198353262132,Recommended,271760,32190610,Posted: 4 June,all,Mr. Lattes,"I have played this game since its original release. I have played all the buggy versions leading up to this one. I still have my collectors tin edition from like 06 or whatever. Let me tell you, this is my favorite game of all time.- The story is classic: princess, wizard, etc... but still the world is unique. They really put some effort into what the NPCs have to say, so take some time and really immerse yourself in this classic dungeon tale.- The LAN option will bring you many laughs and good memories if you have some fun pals to join you. (Make sure you turn ON friendly fire.)- The dungeons are so challenging! Seriously, before this steam edition there wasn't really any maps for the dungeons so I had to draw them out on paper as I played. That made it all the funner. But I really loved playing through the steam version WITH maps.- The combat is the best of any game I have ever played. I love the hack and slash. The magic is amazing. The nether magic is where you can really whoop some♥♥♥♥♥- By the end of this game you can literally be as powerful as Lord Vader when he whoops on some rebel scum.In conclusion, PLEASE do yourself a favor and buy this amazing/epic/fun/challenging/albeit buggy/RPG adventure."
,Recommended,271760,28039068,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NerdOracle,"Quality game. played the original with my friend a few years ago, and while it isn't a masterpiece, the potential of this game was there, and i felt that the entire time i played it.more stable on singleplayer, easier on multiplayer(if you can get it to work)maybe it's a bit too expensive for the way this game plays, but i can honestly say i enjoyed it from start to finish"
,Not Recommended,271760,23778852,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MissFacade767,"I don't remember which version I own on disk (I wanna say it's the collectors or special edition, or something like that) that of course doesn't run on newer operating systems anymore, (which is why I was quite excited when I saw it here), but skill acquisition is beyond simple here, and it makes it very boring.  Part of what I loved about the game was finding the different spells/crystals/runes, buying them and building a collection.  Now I have all the skills with stupid cool downs and it completely changes up the play style and ruins it for me.  When I was looking through my games for a change of pace, I came across this one and was surprised that I actually put on 1.7 hrs on this version.  I absolutely love this game, and it's a little heartbreaking just how different this version is, and it just isn't fun =("
,Not Recommended,271760,31659548,Posted: 9 May,all,HappyDarren,"Steam says I've played an hour, but that is all that I could get through in this ""steam edition"". I have played hundreds of hours in this game in the previous CD-Rom edition.I really resent what Steam did to this game. Nobody who played Dungeon Lords in the past would clam it was problem free. Enemies would randomly attack you every ten feet. The dialouge with NPCs was cringey and often had grammatical errors. Playing as an Urgoth was literally impossible without a work around, as they couldn't fit through a doorway at a point in the main quest (I would have to make a new character, open a LAN game, complete the task, proceed as the Urgoth, ugh). The NPCs of Skuldoon sounded like racist stereotypes of black southerners. It had issues. We get it. But at its heart it was a great game.I thought the Steam edition would fix these mistakes and keep everyhing that was good about the game. Instead, nohing is fixed, and everything that was good about the game (the experience system, the classes) is simplified into a pointless endeavor. The random encounters were always ridiculous, but in the steam edition I was running into enemies that decimated me as soon as I took ten steps out of the original spawn.This game was fun. It was campy, a stereotypical dungeon crawler/save the princess game and thrived in this role. The game mechanics were honestly perfect for a mid-2000's game. But by far the most redeemable quality of the game was the experience system: seeing the last skill needed for a tier three class highlighted in gold after farming billions of exp killing minotaurs was a priceless experience that has been removed from this edition. Not worth the $2.50 I wound up spending.Steam, I would easily shell out $50 for an unedited Collector's edition. Until thta becomes available, I want to make it clear to all fans of DL: Collectors Edition that this steam game IS NOT what you are looking for."
76561198257119194,Recommended,271760,29114174,Posted: 8 January,all,AstrAy,"A true old school rpg that u'll completely immerse urself into if u can put up with its inventory management..i for one, am really hoping and craving for another dungeon lords game.."
,Recommended,271760,28749534,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cadmus,"This game is really fun, you may feel lost once you get to the city, just keep at it, once you leave Fargrove the game opens right up. All kinds of weapons and armour to loot, interesting creatures to find and places to explore. The magic has that ""Dungeons and Dragons type""  old fasioned feeling, but is really cool. Plus you can online / LAN Co-op through the entire game, not some half-asses side quest coop, I do mean the entire game. If you do get stuck in Fargrove you can reply here, ill message you back with instructions on getting out!Try the game out its plenty worth it in my book.    _-_-_-_-_-> Side note, I've been editing the look of some of the armor, if anyone knows how or where to post the files ill upload them so you guys can see/use them,one example I put a tabard attatched to the chainmail pants to cover you rear, looks better this way."
76561198155082812,Recommended,271760,20547108,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Eternal Vox,played the game for hours it was pretty good then i reached the final area of the game and my game crashed then i launched the game again and all of my save data is corrupt and everytime i go to load one of my save games my game crashes other then the sheit combat in this game and the crashes its pretty gud i rate it 7/10.Edit: i eventually found a way around the corrupt save data and managed to beat the game thank god for the insane amounts of autosaves in this game.
76561198065539290,Recommended,271760,20681371,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Xane Glacier Dragon,"I played this game when it first came out then lost all the data and the install disk, so to see it here on steam really makes me happy. <3 <3"
76561198306903233,Recommended,271760,26525362,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MEsk,"-Looking for an old school RPG? definitely recommend this one. This game has unique gameplay, fun puzzles and various different features. But I should remind you the graphics are 11 years old- Have you played this before? it's worth paying again if you got it on sale.As I mentioned herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/271760/discussions/0/208684375418487286/There are still lots of bugs left from prior versions and some of features are cut.Penalty Lables, Identify, Item Degradation, Class Requirements, ADV Points Level Up, Nether Crafting and Evasive Leap."
76561198040811144,Recommended,271760,33251509,Posted: 4 July,all,Lazy Viking,"First time playing Dungeon lords and I actually enjoy the game, it still has that old retro game feel to it with the simple old graphics and npc models and the fact that it's so simple, no in depth game play where you have to level up your weapons or were certain sets of armor to get bonuses or do combo moves to do more damage or rotations spells or having to be a certain level to use a piece of gear, no dlc's to unlock more parts of the game, no having to grind the same dungeon to get that item you want, it's just simple and fun. Has that feel of old elders scrolls combat with final fantasy class making and a bit of warcraft feel to it.I have'nt tried multiplayer but you can still have fun playing single player and I personaly recomened single player over multi player just because you don't have to feel rushed when playing with other people, you can just take your time and enjoy the game and if you read all the bad comments they are mostly talking about multi player but the single player is perfectly fine.So for only $3.74 as of right now for me when it's on sale I would say yes, buy the game, I would still buy it for $14.99 because you get what you pay for."
76561197994971393,Recommended,271760,31945130,Posted: 24 May,all,Occupant,"A very fun title. It is a CRPG with the world-building qualities of an MMO. Graphically, it is a bit above the level of Everquest, but that doesn't detract from the experience.The only thing that I found annoying is the frequncy of random encounters. Instead of a static population of enemies in each ""level"", every level (even if it's just a house with a few rooms) has a pretty frequent random group of monsters that appear. It was fun for a while (great source of XP and loot). But soon it just slowed everything down.But that's a pretty small complaint. The world is quite fun to explore, and there is a surprising amount of content."
,Recommended,271760,19980575,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Toilet,A diamond in the rough that accepting might be tough but if you have the stuff then playing is a must
76561197997718411,Recommended,271760,26114487,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,freeform1111,"Pro: Nice game overall. Great dugenon level design, good quests, story and puzzles.Con: Horrible inventory management, awkward platform elements, okay but not excetional combat system. The trash mobs respawn is annoying."
,Recommended,271760,27768803,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Conason,Buy it already my dude! BEST GAME EVER.
,Recommended,271760,20250021,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kosuda,GOTY 2016
,Not Recommended,271760,32185561,Posted: 4 June,all,Warmonger,"WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.. It is still broken, with bugs and desyncs. If you are looking for working coop, go elsewhere. There is no point in playing singleplayer here."
76561197971745805,Not Recommended,271760,31540358,Posted: 4 May,all,RoflMan,"Game is fun in the beginning (in kindy bad way but still fun) and has quite a bit of content in it (different classes, races, magic types, gear etc), but after a few hours I found it became really dull. Combat is floaty and boring with way to many auto respawn waves of enemies (even when set to low in the options). I wish enemies would do more damage but would have less hit points so combat is faster. And there is way to much junk loot which makes inventory management annoying. Dialogue is not so good and story is generic. The map itself is pretty decent though eventually area's are somewhat the same as the ones you have visited earlier. And there is alot of backtracking. Co-op is buggy from what I have read. On the brightside there are a good portion of quests and loot rewards from them can be interesting (e.g. a ring that spawns summonings).If you really want to play a guilty pleasure rpg game for a few hours or are nostalgic towards this game, buy it when its on sale.Otherwise I wouldn't recommend this game."
76561198161068616,Recommended,271760,34963554,Posted: 14 September,all,Seele stehlen,"I love this game, it is a fun game. Yes the controls may feel old but it is a old game. Its not next-gen but it is still a fun game."
76561198018576602,Recommended,271760,19890628,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The_Des,This game was really fun back in 2007 when i played it and now its even better because there are virtually no bugs in multiplayer.
,Recommended,271760,20057116,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Marvellous Chester,"Terrible game, but one of the funnest that I've played."
,Not Recommended,271760,31185913,Posted: 16 April,all,ILL,Multiplayer is broken. Got a refund.
76561198019666472,Not Recommended,271760,31191589,Posted: 16 April,all,Trudy,Multiplayer is broken AF. Uninstalled. Refund
,Not Recommended,271760,32749842,Posted: 24 June,all,Cypher,multiplayer wont work at all
,Recommended,271760,19829658,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SteeScribbles,"You can argue that this is not the best RPG and co-operative experience a game has presented, but your arguement means nothing because T H I S    I S   T H E    I N T E R N E TThis isn't your Dragon Age ethically certified mountains of drivvel kind of RPG.This isn't your Fallout or Final Fantasy, or U N D E R T A L E.No sir.THIS IS DUNGEON LORDS, CLASSIC MURDER. GOBLIN DARTS. ENIGMA FLUTES.  1080 PEES.FUN.PURE UNADULTERATED MULTIPLAYER F U N.But seriously, buy it if this is something you enjoy.i mean you no harm"
76561197966110170,Not Recommended,271760,21958470,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mithrandir,"Bugging Lords, still bugged as Windows Millenium, playing coop is almost impossible. STAY AWAY."
76561198008069017,Recommended,271760,19861362,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Killerjoe88,"This game brought me into rpg games, i remeber spending hours in the arena and the thieves guild earning exp."
76561198130224287,Recommended,271760,23395408,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Thecurlyone4eva,I love this game it takes me back to old school rpgs but if i had one gripe it wouls have to be that it should have controler suport
76561198048671875,Recommended,271760,28088150,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BIGHussar,That good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,271760,20344535,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Colonel H Sanders,I'm pretty sure the collector's edition is still somehow better.. and i'm not sure why. Maybe it's the act of buying something 'new' for $15... when its not really worth $15? The main menu music was a big turn off since Collector's edition's music was x10 better.plus I already got burned on the MMXII? edition.Is there a reason to buy this if you already own the collectors? I'll probably never know since i'm going to steam refund.I've played through the collector's edition at least 5 times. Sure this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in its own way but some people like myself was drawn to it.. for some reason.seriously thoughthe main menu music was so goodnow its lame
,Recommended,271760,29587245,Posted: 30 January,all,Baddy,DUNNNGEEEOONNN LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORDSSSSSssssssss
76561198032695917,Not Recommended,271760,24197449,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nerruin,"It looks alright, but it isn't really worth getting.  Multiplayer too is terrible."
,Recommended,271760,20050518,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Monkeypunch,Right now playing multiplayer is a terrible experience... but goddammit is it an enjoyable one.
76561198345739263,Recommended,271760,34697745,Posted: 2 September,all,paw29640,it a realy fun game and if you liked the firs copy you will love this one even better play with friends and with me if you want to
76561198131559915,Recommended,271760,20100719,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,aringt,"I need to update this review. I had been messing around with the windows Icons for a while. Some games have problems with Win 7 and Win 10 due to the fact that the Operating Systems has changed the way the Mouse Device Context works and sometimes you have to reduce the game into windows mode to get the mouse cursor to work with the mouse. That happened with the game ""Titan Quest."" But, I could not find such feature on the Dungeon Lords icon on the startup bar. So I went directly to the DL Steam Edition application exe. file and right clicked and brought up the properties panel. Went to the Compatability tab and changed the compatability mode for Win XP Service Pack 3 and checked the boxes for Disable display scaling on high DPI settings and Run as Administrator. That fixed the problems. So far, the start of the game came out without a hitch.I actually like how the options and charater creation had been rearanged and looks alot better than the original set up UI. Now, hope the game plays as well, or even better, than the Collectors Edition was. Really loved playing this game.BTW, when you start with the messenger, before you move anywheres, save the game. Then go to the chest that is behind the ruins wall and open it. If you do not get the bow, keep reloading and going to the chest untill you finally recieved the bow. After that, get on the rock that is west of your area and get on it. Keep on shooting the enemies and building up your acrobatics as well as some other needed skills ... acrobatics, on the 4th level will let your character make a jump backwardsflip so he can get on the rock much quicker before more enemies come. This can build your skills up as well as collect money and other items that will help you in your quest. Yea, it will take some time to get all that up to snuff, but it's worth it."
76561198142179378,Recommended,271760,19953652,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MasterBongs,Fun Game hope more people get it
76561198108540949,Recommended,271760,31209828,Posted: 17 April,all,Atlas Shade,. . . .
,Recommended,271760,24433575,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,gameplay💀🎃,"dunjins is the greatest coop game ever made, it works when you least expect it but when you most need itjust get it and look at it and you will see"
,Recommended,271760,19984445,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,любитель пениса,I mean you no harm.
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,271760,33420282,Posted: 9 July,all,MMG Man,"While the spells in the game were interesting, the gameplay and story were poor."
76561197994026513,Not Recommended,271760,20051839,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lou Cypher,"For the sale price I thought was alright.   But, early on got to a spot that I have no hope of passing, and you can't continue without going though this part, and you can't go back.  It's the end of, ""trial of the ancient elders.""  Basically walk into a room and try and kill waves of ghosts while also getting bombarded from above, waiting for a bridge or ramp to drop.   But, I can't heal fast enough ( because for some stupid reason healing potions have a cooldown) and I can't kill the ghosts before they kill me because they do huge damage.  Game was fun up to this point, but poorly designed, ""puzzle,"" just ruined the whole thing for me."
76561198042137773,Recommended,271760,19855207,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Herosian,broke entire pc . ty
76561197991102284,Not Recommended,271760,20735741,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"We've spent a bit more than an hour trying to find a way to play it on the multiplayer mode, through the steam hosted option. I've even opened the corresponding port on my box, just to be sure that the problem doesn't come from here. But it simply can't work. My friend can see the game has been created, but when he tries to log in, it says ""host not foud : index -1"".This interface really looks like a debug mode for a developer. It even ffuucckkiinngg shows the name of the methods called in their ffuucckkiinngg code !It's insane, knowing that this is the THIRD release of this ffuucckkiinngg game. And they can't fix this kind of problems. It's a shame.Just as a reminder : back in 2005/2006 (when this ""game"") has been released for the first time, World of Warcraft was already live... Just pressing a button was enough to log to a server with THOUSANDS of people.By the way, I'm a computer scientist, preparing a ffuucckkiinngg PhD, and I can't have it to work in an hour. Just what the ffuucckk !I'll immediately ask for a full refund of this piece of s_h_i_t. Be careful, YOU ONLY HAVE TWO HOURS TO ASK FOR IT !What the ffuucckk ! As Robert Baratheon would say : ""P_I_S_S_ ON THAT !"""
,Recommended,271760,33527133,Posted: 13 July,all,brantdavis,good game
76561198064422842,Not Recommended,271760,33357562,Posted: 7 July,all,Tyrantvoss,The cemetery gate by the monastary is bugged and it wont open.
,Recommended,271760,19827603,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,flow,"If you consider yourself a normal human being, you need this video game in your life.Disregard my ""time played"", I have spent more hours in this beauty before it came to Steam than I can count on one hand."
76561198198420439,Not Recommended,271760,22779411,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nono,
76561198085442206,Not Recommended,271760,19830488,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jeramiah Johnson,Had to refund as the game would freeze computer when exiting it.  I have win 8.1.  Sure would have loved to keep this as it looks great and has that old fashioned D&D feel.  If they fix the exiting issue with window 8.1 would rebuy it.
76561198013729407,Recommended,271760,28215141,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,jinxs2011,"great game with good level up system and heraldries system. just wish that the heraldry that says it gives you 'luck' was a bit more specific about how much it gives you. before: best modifier ever in about 20 hrs was +3. after, within 3 hrs, i got several +5s and even a +7 once. combat is fun, only annoying thing is how equipment repair requires a consumable, which can be bought from shops, but in limited stock, and the shops don't restock. at the end of the game, i fought the final boss with completely broken weapons and armour. another annoying thing is that after beating the final boss, it says you can continue exploring with your character, i've found no way to do so. too few ranged weapons, ranged weapons aren't very good at targeting shorter enemies, the dwarven race swims with their head completely submerged, but other than those few quirks, good gameplay with good combat, spells, quests, though the quest log is a bit buggy, bad thing is that quest items that are no longer useful can't be dropped from the inventory, which limits your inventory slots. all in all, had a great time playing."
76561197981509707,Recommended,271760,19921933,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DMF,When Dungeon Lords first came out in 2005 I was eagerly awaiting this game because i was and still am a huge fan of David W. Bradleys RPGs: Having Finished Wizardry 6+7 and Wizards&Warriors I hope for another milestone in RPG-Gaming.But having instantly bought it I was really dissappointed: The game was very bugged and unfinished. Now after all those years - i skipped the collectors Edition as well as the reissue as DLMMXII - I bought the steam version and finally could recognize the game in a state it should always have been: It IS a truly great RPG and the design of David W. Bradley is really visibile. During my playtrough I just encountered one bought: The Auto-Save-Function is not working properly because the autosaved games are not loadable (DL always crashes). But this was not a problem.In short: I enjoyed playing and finishing the game a lot: Highly recommended for Retro-Computer-RPG-Fans.
,Recommended,271760,24455257,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Andarius,"I've played this game before, back when it first came out. I've had a similar experience now as I did then, pleasant. It's a nice mix of Third Person and Adventure-Dungeon crawl RPG. Level design is good, the controls are responsive, combat is somewhat fast paced but it has a good system with the possibility to either block attacks or attack, depending on your click, similar to Gothic. The difficulty is hard enough not to get booring and you can even adjust the frequency of random encounters of mobs. Works well on 1920x1080 resolution, not to mention it makes the game look a lot more visually appealing. Another interesting thing about it is that you can revive after you die and you lose a a random stat by doing so.Now I haven't played this game too much so I can't really think of any CONS right now other than not having a way to escape persuing mobs that are faster or just as fast as you without running outside that area."
76561198038436383,Recommended,271760,27053198,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,knollie,"You really need to give this game a try. If you like jumping or logic (straight forward ones) puzzles, chests that take skill to pick, loot and the option to team up with friends, this game is for you.Multiplayer is a little glitchy. For the thieve's quest, ensure you head to Cutard Manner before you do anything else and complete it before you quite for the day. Generally, all quest related items, by default, end up in the host's inventory (on LAN, not sure about online). Let the host grab all the quest related things, sometimes he is the only one that will be able to activate certain things. If you begin an area, like Skulldoon, try to finish it in a single play, doing so will avoid conflicts or glitches with the quest item issue. If you follow this rule, then anyone in the party will be able to use quest items.May seem a little quirky, but the game is fun with friends and has an interesting skill / magic system.One last thing, if a quest does not seem to be working, have everyone in the group speak to the quest giver, even if it is not your quest, this seems to allow at least one perosn in the party to complete the quest, if something goes wrong."
,Recommended,271760,27360083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chillbro Swaggins,"This game is a gem to me. It is glitchy, the controls feel akward, and by today's standards it is ugly. But I have memories of playing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it as a kid and suprisingly had just as much fun as an adult.  If you enjoy a fantasy realm where you slowly build your character up and just kill the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a lot of monsters, then this is the game for you. If you are looking for a photo realistic game where you can count the hairs on a pigs♥♥♥♥♥if you wanted to, this is not your game."
,Recommended,271760,26593676,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[SMG]SoulTaker,i love this game. İf u want to play just pm me
,Recommended,271760,23622327,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Top Cat,"A bare world in term of NPC's but thats not why you'll want to play this. You'll want to play this for the high vaule in the great combat, Heavy Fantasy vibe (Monsters, Spells, Mechanics, Races and world) mixed with amazingly fun Co-Op.With that said you'll have to have patience with this game:-It has long load times if your not rocking a SSD. They can be frequent in town but i find them minimal in the open world.-Currently Co-op is hit or miss when connecting via steam, at least for me, but i've yet to try any virtual LAN options.-It is not withought its gliches. As long as you save regularly and mantain an almost chronological set of 4 or 5 saves you can always go back a little to fix things.----Example: There was a part with an elevator that for some reason i could ride up but my bro could not. They where forced to constantly jump as the elevator rose in order to get to the top and not fall through the floor.This game is a charming mess of fun to be had imo and i hope the Devs keep trying to patch the game even with its low population of users.Keep on keepin' on Dungeon Lords!"
,Recommended,271760,23734220,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Akselmo,It's not the greatest RPG ever. It has outdated graphics. Controls are a bit clunky.But for some reason I'm having lots of fun with this game.
76561198058111756,Recommended,271760,24196847,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Starcomet1,"This is a nice Adventure RPG with dungeon crawling. I love the spells and the way you can combine classes and be a pure or a hybrid. The game was plagued with many bugs and glitches when it was first released, but newer editions including this steam version have fixed all of them from what I can tell. I would recommend this for anyone who loves RPGs."
76561198050024852,Recommended,271760,23152021,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Faylinn Lily Rose,"Yes there may be bugs, and yes it may crash randomly at times, but overall this is still a worthwhile game to play, still fun even with some of the quirkiness.  In my case the biggest concern I have is that there were some interesting features of earlier versions of the game excluded, such as the ability to have a shield equipped with a polearm.  There are NPCs that are still able to do so however, one example being Ruenkava the Valkyrie, wielding that nasty winged destroyer in one hand while also having a Fathien War Shield equipped.  Unfortunate that I want to play the Valkyrie class but have to choose between a two-handed polearm, or a Sword and Shield since I got a really nice shield I'd like to use."
76561198157823141,Recommended,271760,35040222,Posted: 17 September,all,rushpwnag3,"(TL;DWTR: Great solo, sucky co-op, worth it on sale, or you love it like i do for 15usd.)Ahhh, Dungeon Lords.Nostalgia.Great times.Great bugs.Great crashes.Despite all its issues (broken quests, faulty terrain, fairly annoying npc voices), I loved it. I played CE a good 10 years ago, almost. It was superb, especially the combat, which even in decade and a half since the original came out, I have yet to see any other game come close to matching it. (Which is the main reason why I bought this version.) Solo play was a blast, very challenging. And very rewarding. Multiplayer just added the fun to it. And was still challenging. Reap more rewards!Yet, alot of that changed in this version. Getting into details here will make this review VERY long (I'll make a guide one of these days to explain more), so I'll keep it short.For starters, I'll recommend it. Why? Because I still love it.Now, for real. If you want a good game to play SOLO, no internet required, thats challenging early on (up till the late-mid game, then the tides'll turn and you'll kick everyone's donkey), a great combat system thats different from all the other games out there (from melee to magic to ranged), and rewarding (this may not apply to everyone), then yes. I 100% recommend this game.Unless you are going to be playing a LAN game*, I do NOT recommend it for CO-OP. This game will make you tear your hair out.DON'TEvenThinkAboutBuyingItForANYCO-OPEnd of that discussion. (<- I put a period there for emphasis. Don't step past it.)(*Based upon words of others. I don't have another person to test LAN myself.)Get it if it's on sale. 14.99 USD may not be much, but it's better if you wait. If it was lower than 10, then yeah, grab when ever."
