user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,271820,9111161,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Suboptimal,"Summary: The game is quite good, but it's not perfect. There are minor hints at mobile heritage, but nothing that would stop anyone who might like a computerized card game from having plenty of fun.Progress Disclosure: I finished the game and have every achievement. I didn't collect every card. That took about 14 hours. It could probably be done in 8-10 hours by someone hurrying.Updates: It's over 2 months later, and this game is still getting free content additions.The mechanics have clearly received attention and tuning; the basics work nicely on their own, and as more abilities are introduced they interact in interesting but not convoluted ways. The interface in general is good; however, it is full of tiny delays for animations and pointless confirmations of non-permanent actions. Combat animations can be set to anywhere between 100% and 200% speed in the options, at least.The tutorial was good, even having heard and read nothing about the game except the store description before playing. The difficulty hasn't sharply spiked or stayed tutorial easy since; the AI can be observed getting steadily more competent in addition to having better cards. Most games are semi-close wins, and the occasional enemy provokes a new deck style. I have a win ratio around 5, and I doubt that's exceptional.Deck size is allowed to vary between 25-40 and failing to draw causes damage, so milling is a somewhat viable strategy with the right cards.There's an deterministic, seemingly associative 2-input alchemy system. The vast majority of combinations are disallowed, and this is indicated by dimming incompatible cards; there's still a pretty large space of recipes, though. A little experimentation produced some deck-worthy but not ridiculous cards. As an example, two Pancakes gives a pretty good milling card. I didn't find a guide, so I'll warn that in my experience combining a alchemy-created card and one of the ingredients used to craft it is allowed but just gets the created back, effectively throwing a card away.There are 6 icon-identified deck slots; a card can be used in multiple decks. The deck building interface is passable if imperfect; it lacks bulk management options, and the sorting options are deficient. It could use a tweak to show more cards on a PC screen. Cards used in decks are hidden on store and alchemy menus (for good reason).The art style is pleasant. The dialogue is mildly humorous overall and better in parts; the optional dialogues are pretty extensive, as well.The achievements look to be quite doable, so it would probably be good for 100%ers. The non-trivial ones (10+ attack and 9 combo) are easy enough to manage once you have a 6+ arrow card and deliberately try.As described, there are no hidden in-game currency, card, or booster purchases.Accessibility: The game is fully turn-based with no time pressure ever. The interface doesn't require great precision, but it does require dragging. The interface is fully mouse-driven, except optionally entering your name. There are no vital sound-only cues. No lines are voiced; all dialogue is presented in text. Nothing relies purely on color for identification. As a non-expert, I see no problems."
,Recommended,271820,9113842,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Fede M,"Initial impression:Being a player of Magic the gathering I though that this game was going to be boring, however, due the low price and the Scot Piligrim art style I gave it a shot.TL;DR:My thoughts were wrong, It's actually a pretty neat and nice gameGameplay***********The gameplay it's really simple, the objective is to kill your opponent, you do it by placing and connecting cards that have different types in a 3x3 space.Types of cards:Attack: Hit the oponent or kill a Card in your opponent's board.Defense: Give you life.Resurrect: Resurrect a dead card.Neutral: They don't do nothing, but these cards have multiple connection arrows allowing you to easly connect gaps.in order to achieve different effects.When 2 or 3 cards connect (Depending of the ammount of symbols of Attack, def, etc) they do the effect and dissappear.You have to place a card mandatory each turn, so if you cannot place anymore you lose (Same for your opponent).At first the game it's really easy since your opponents don't have combos and kill themself because they fill the grid, but after a while it becomes more challening.Regarding progression, it seems that there are a lot of cards (Common, uncommon, rare and legendaries), you win booster packs by defeating other characters.Art:****The art of the cards it's really cool, most of them are weird stuff (There's an avatar that's a Carrot with a hat). As stated before, the art style really looks like Scot Piligrim."
,Recommended,271820,10101008,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,peremptor,"The game is quite alright and priced fairly to boot. Easy to recommend for any card/pokemon (the beat the different bosses for their legendaries mechanic reminded me of the original games at least, and there's the cards to collect) gaming fans.You won't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,271820,9111641,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,https://youtu.be/E2OzoiiZHzc,"I haven't played too much of it, but that doesn't mean I can't still give you my opinion! I really like it so far, and plan on putting a good bit more time into it. I'm gonna try to give you a good idea of the game becuase not too much is explained here or anywhere online so bear with me.It's a very simple little card game wrapped in a Yu-Gi-Oh-esque adventure shell. You go through different locations battling people, getting more cards, getting new decks, all in an effort to get the 8 legendary cards and become super cool and powerful and make mad bank at a tournament.The gameplay itself is simple. There's a world map that you click locations on to go there and interact with or battle people (also, click around the environment to find hidden coins!).  The card game puts a heavy emphasis on positioning. All the cards have arrows on them, and you want to put your cards together so their arrows point at eachother. Connect (usually) 3 arrows and you can make a combo to either do damage, increase your defense(HP) or other effects. That's it. You win when your opponent has no defense or can't play another card.  After you win, you generally get a pack of cards to build your deck with, and some money to buy more packs.  Your deck must be at least 25 cards, but they can be bigger.I really like the story, well what little of it I've seen so far. It's basic, you know, get the best cards and be the best. That's good enough for me though, and it should satisfy anyone who grew up watcing shows about kids playing card games.  So far, it's bee pretty light-hearted, it's silly and kinda funny which I dig. The art style is childlike and well drawn in a good way, it fits the theme of the game very well. Now we move to the music, and goddamn do I love it. Seriously, I hope I can get the soundtrack, because it's probably my favorite part.The last thing to mention is the price. It's 2 bucks right now. Yes, it's clearly a port of a tablet game. No, it doesn't have visual/sound options aside from a resolution changer and a window/fullscreen button. No, it does not have multiplayer. Let me bring this up again. IT'S 2 BUCKS. Even when it goes to full price at 4 bucks, it's still totally worth it. If you like card games, you should buy it. Even if you don't like card games, but cheap and charming games, buy it. Anyone can get into this, and you should get into it."
76561198094221272,Recommended,271820,10514857,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,drake31,"I loved Card City Nights from start to the, ehmmmm almost end. Why?Well first of all, in general i have a lot of fun with card games and i like when they present some different mechanics, get bit inovative and CCN provide this to me (at least i didnt encounter with this type of gameplay).Also i was huge fan of artistic side of game. Music was cool and visuals was colorful, lovely to look at.I didn´t care much about story or characters, but this game wasn´t about it.My problem with CCN appear after few hours of playing. AI was really, really dumb. There was practically no challenge, and when you master some tactic and technique you simply can´t be beaten by them. This was drastically changed by final boss. I can´t tell if it was caused by my s**** decks, or it was caused by something else from my play, but i couldn´t defeat him (and i envy to all smart people, who pass this without trouble). After several hours of trying, i simply rage quit, discourage and beaten.Dont get me wrong, i like challenges but when you suddenly raise bar from nothing to something this big, it raise question: ""Why other matches couldn´t be harder?""I will eventually come back to this game and claim what is rightfully mine.Grade:B"
76561198018340366,Recommended,271820,12396406,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,EmmaEchoic,"Card city night makes me reminisce about one of my favorite gameboy color games: Pokemon Trading Card game. You're basically fighting eight gyms, getting booster packs along the way in a story that's utterly forgettable but at least is a decent nod towards other video game greats.But the story doesn't really matter (In fact the game basically says this multiple times), what really got me hooked was the puzzle-esque card battling system. At first you think it's really clear cut, and just go straight for your opponents life points. But then the game throws opponents at you for which this strategy is basically impossible, and it makes you realize that there are a LOT of ways to play this game.The art is fantastic, each card is humorous in it's own regard, and the entire aesthetic of the game is just awesome to look at. It's almost a trying hard to look like you're not trying hard sort of art style. The music though leaves something to be desired, it's basically the same tune for each area that you're in, which means it keeps looping and looping and looping.But hey, for $4 you really can't go wrong with this. Ten solid hours that will make you reminisce about the good old days of 8-bit monster card fighting."
76561197972369286,Recommended,271820,9113102,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,stealthsid,"I'm impressed with the card game. It's charming, with very simple rules, while still requiring thoughtful tactics. It's not a hardcore trading card game, but it's not casual either. It's more of a distillation.You have to ""link"" cards in a 3x3 grid to activate them, but specific cards can only link in certain directions (there are arrows on the cards... check out the screenshots). This mechanic allows the game to have very simply cards (there aren't really stats on cards) and still require thought.It ticks nearly all the checkboxes, deck building, booster packs, good art direction and music.It's set in a neat universe with some irreverently quirky characters. As rich as the universe is though, the story's a bit thin. You have to collect legendary cards from various ""bosses"" to enter an ultimate tournament and win a million coins. It's little more than a reason to be playing cards with every person you see... which isn't a bad thing at all."
,Recommended,271820,17959480,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Capo dei capi Stark,"Nice plot, funny jokes, interesting strategies, awesome characters and various cards  remind me of Yu-Gi-Oh! Absolutely recommendable!"
76561197994408157,Recommended,271820,31039035,Posted: 9 April,all,DrFetid,"I cannot recommend this chill, fun and stylish card game enough. Fun mechanics and awesome tunes make it a really satisfying experience."
76561198212605888,Recommended,271820,31366990,Posted: 25 April,all,jessbrooke,"A spot on Yu-Gi-Oh affectionate parody with a diverse and slightly off kilter cast. This game combines linking cards to form damaging, defensive and dirty combos with a quirky but well-realized world populated with rivals, eccentrics and people who look like Easter Island heads. This thing is as wonderful as it is hard to describe.That having been said, I'd not recommend it it anyone who hasn't watched the original Yu-Gi-Oh or at least knows what that is. You will not get the jokes. I also warn that if you want a challenge, you won't get it until your about halfway through the game. Thankfully for people like me who have become slightly disillusioned with the whole TGC scene, which I'd imagine is anyone looking at this review, the lack of difficulty is made up for with the ability to just play against characters for fun. Its good to see so many people interested in things like this, things that are genuine, charming and just self-aware enough to look smart without going overboard.9/10, for simply not being ENOUGH. It needs more card effects, preferrably crazy and more crazy characters to round it out a bit further, preferably before the final boss. The shortness doesn't bother me, because I feel no pressure to finish it quickly, and the lack of multiplayer is more of a nuicance than a real problem. As for the grinding, yeh, you need to do a little bit, but it feels like a side effect of the game genre, and I'd rather do that than pay real life money at least."
,Recommended,271820,9118406,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,novocain,"Decent card mechanics framed in a comedy setting.If you like other TCG/CCGs this game might be too basic for you, but it still offers good entertainment for the low, affordable price :)However. There are more than one way to win in this game, it offers a few different strategies and how you play it out can change quickly, which makes it an interesting game!You get into the gameplay quite easily & quickly, the tutorial was short but covered everything I needed to know about the basics of the game.Eventually new cards are introduced with more ""advanced"" abilities, but the core mechanics/gameplay remains the same and doesn't change the game that much as a whole.The game features deck building with up to 6 custom decks, as in other TCG/CCGs you have a library of cards that you earn from battles or purchase from the in-game shop. You get to choose from these cards to form decks that you bring into battles later on.The lack of filters in the library is a bit annoying, but there's not too many cards so it's acceptable.Unfortunately it doesn't seem to be possible to purchase booster packs, depriving you of the suspension & kick that it is to rip open a new booster ;)It seems to be a mobile game that has been ported to PC (Unity3D) which is obvious in some of the UI choices, this is probably related to the input lag as well as UI lag that occurs frequently."
,Recommended,271820,11050320,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mickmane,"Fun singleplayer card game with a story to follow, small secrets and twists, humorous chat, and graphics that appeal even to me (and I'm not for cartoons). Oh, and of course interesting card mechanics.You are kind of on a quest to get one of each legendary card, and meet more and more opponents you can choose to battle for their booster packs (or money). You can also buy common and uncommon cards you already have at least one of, recylce cards into new booster packs, and even combine certain cards into other certain cards.And when you've won, you can still come back for more battles, with the usual opponents, as well as some prior one-time opponents, and 4 new ones!I like the variety, the card game, the story, the humour, the whole town. I want to spend more time there, doing stuff."
,Recommended,271820,24988158,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Menace123,"- Feel free to leave a comment about the game or this review  -- Note1 : I got this game discounted on Steam for $2  -- If you want more reviews check my links at the end of this review -Family RatingEveryone 10+RatingMust Play- Key features below ---- Review after -----------------------------------------------Play time needed (perfect)About 12 hoursGaming levelFrom Casual to Gamer to Hardcore player. Refer to (*) at the end.Achievement levelCasual and quite challengingGame styleCard game; Trading card gameGame modesStory modeGraphicsVery good ! (If you like the style)StoryGood. (Getting all legendary cards!)PlaythroughOne.VoiceNone.MusicGood.EnvironmentMove freely in different area.ControlsMouse only.TutorialYes.Unmissable / backtracking contentYes, backtrackable.Glitches / bugsNone.SizeAbout 250 MoWorth priceThe game definitely deserves its full price!- Review below ----------------------------------------------------------------------Card City Nights is a Trading/Card game set in a Ittle Dew universe with cards from almost every universe of Ludosity if not all.You are a card gamer that wish to be the champion and to reach your goal you’ll need to obtain all 8 legendary cards to be able to compete in the biggest tournament/competition the city has never held in the past.The gameplay is easy to learn but you’ll need more than several attempts to have a perfect knowledge of the game. And you’ll mostly need to make different deck to counter or beat some tough opponents with a very specific deck.You begin each standard match with 10 HP and a number of cards set as well as your opponent. (unless you set a special name, refer to (*) at the end) Each player has their own 3X3 playing field. Each turn the player need to place a card on their field. The aim is to set your opponent health to 0 HP. To do so you need to connect cards together to make a combo. To connect 2 cards you need them to point toward each other with their arrows: like a card on the left will point toward a card on the right with its right arrow and the right card will point toward the left card with its left arrow. To make a combo you need to connect cards together to have 3 or more symbols of the same kind.There are 4 kinds of symbols: attack (red sword), defend (blue shield), revive (plus shape) and support. (yellow coin) And each card can have one or two symbols on it. The support reduces the number of symbols you need to connect. So if you place a 2-support-symbol card you only need to connect it with another symbol you wish. (attack, defend, revive or even support) If you connect 3 defend symbols you’ll get 3 shield points. If you connect 3 attack symbols, you’ll need to choose if you wish to attack your opponent or your opponent’s cards. If you attack your opponent, you’ll decrease his/hers shield or health points. But if you attack one of his/her cards, this card will be disabled and will stay in the field forever. Unless your opponent revives it by combining 3 or so revive symbols.So you can win a match by:-	attacking your opponent until he hasn’t any health point left-	disabling cards of your opponent to make his/her field full so he lost by forfeit.-	Drawing your opponent until he has no card left. He will take an increased damage every turn.When you defeat an opponent (a match can be done in 1, 2 or 3 sets) you earn gold and/or a specific booster pack. You can also earn gold coins by clicking in the scenery. Gold are the currency of the game: with it you can buy extra cards you already own or a skin for your field or fusion cards to make a new one.And two more main things. Each card has their own rarity and depending of it you can only have a limited number of the same card. You can have 3 same common cards, 2 same rare cards, 1 epic card of each kind and only one legendary for the whole deck. Cards can also have a very specific power that triggers while placing it on the field or doing a combo.Finally when you talk with people or fight opponent you’ll sometimes learn where is/are the next legendary card(s). You can always see all the cards and skin fields your own, sort the cards and make new decks.(*):Thanks to the 1.1 Valentine’s update Gamers and Hardcore-gamers can “enjoy” this game in their way.Gamer can play this game in a hard way by simply set his/her name to HardPlaya. He/she will begin each match with 4 HP and his/her opponent with 8 HP. Despite the difficulty there is no reward for beating this mode.Hardcore player can play this game in the very hard way by simply set his/her name as ReallyPlaya. He/she will begin each match with 1 HP and his/her opponent with 10 HP. Despite the tough difficulty there is no reward for beating this mode.---------------------You want more ?---------------------Steam Curator pagehttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/M123-GRSteam Curator Store Pagehttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/29521492/Reviews Sorted by Genreshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=964304642"
,Recommended,271820,12020302,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,FluffyMikeB,"I've been addicted to this game for the last week.It is a mix of collectable card games like Yu Gi Oh or M:TG. However, unlike most CCGs, you do not have to BUY the booster packs either through in game currency or real money. You earn them through the gameplay which is a major bonus to me.The story is better than you would expect from a game of this genre as well. If you choose to, you can find that every person you come across has several (sometimes more than a dozen) different things they will say to you. And what they say will change depending on whether or not you have defeated them yet.The actual gameplay is quite balanced. As you get stronger, so does the opponents. And there are many different strategies you must use. Going all out offense will work sometimes, but some characters are built to counter with good defense and the ability to disable your best cards at just the right times. You must choose your deck wisely depending on your opponent. This depth is part of what makes this game so fun.The art style may turn some people off but I think it's very endearing and original. I don't know any of the indie games that this takes it's characters from but it's cartoonish and quirky and simple and it fits the overall mood of the game.The best part of the whole game however must be the music. Everything from the menu screen, to the various places you visit, to the battles have music that is perfect for the situation. It's soothing and it's energizing at the same time. This, along with the humor of the game, and the visual styling make this a game you will never want to put down.Although I have not beaten it yet, I know from reading around that the game has more things to accomplish even after you defeat the 'final boss'. So replay value is strong here too."
76561197993376609,Recommended,271820,29240577,Posted: 13 January,all,Pen,"Superemely relaxing, Card City Nights is the perfect game to go to when you want something to help ease your mind after a stressful or tiring day. The consistently charming dialogue, endearing art-style and the low-stakes nature of the plot will bring a smile to your face. The laid-back jazz and hip hop infused soundtrack is perfect for spending those lonely, quiet nights. The game is surprisingly meaty given its low cost. It took me about 10 hours to play my way through the main story, and there's some post-game content to clean up as well."
,Recommended,271820,9119992,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Vengefully,"Card City Nights is one of those games that show up and, despite their price tag, have a lot of value in them.You play as a new arrival in Card City, having won a house there. There's no description of this event but the game throws the hint right at the start if you know where to look. You get to pick your portrait and name and next thing you know you'll be battling your first few opponents. The story, because yes, there's a story, is barebones but this isn't a bad thing, quite the opposite. You want to win the Card City tournament because of reasons and get its prize but you need 8 legendary cards to even get to participate in it, so you must win those cards first. That's the whole story right there. It's nice to see a card game that doesn't take itself too serious and the story is a amusing distraction from the proceedings.The game is incredibly simple to pick up, the tutorial is short but effective in telling you the principal mechanic of the game.Essentially, the game plays out in two 3 by 3 grid, one for you and another for your opponent. The cards you use have arrows on them pointing in any of 8 different ways and one or more of 4 symbols attached to it (attack, defense, neutral, revive). You PLAY the cards by placing them on your grid but you USE them by matching arrows and symbols, making combos. You need at least 3 symbols linked by arrows to make a combo. Meanwhile, your opponent is trying to do the same. There's a little bit more nuance to this but that's THE game right there.You mix and match the cards in the deck(s) to your style of play, since there are no ""set"" decks. You edit them in any way you like on up to 6 different decks, using the cards you get via randomized booster packs that you win after defeating certain opponents. The total number of cards in the game is healthy enough to actually require some tough decisions as to what cards to actually put in the deck.The battles themselves can be won in few different ways. Two examples would be, you can attack your opponents defence, bring it to zero or disable his cards with those same attacks for a grid lock, where he has no legal move. Either way, you win (or your opponent does).However, there is definitely some concern about balance. For example, you can have 3 uncommon cards and 5 common ones in a 40 card deck. In reality, while playing, you'll find that 3 uncommon  cards that are straight-up upgrades from common ones (as in, they have the same everything the common card has but with one extra bit, like an extra arrow and/or special ability) are much more worth having.There's no real reason to keep common cards around because they will eventually just take up room from the more useful uncommon cards, unless you need A LOT of cards with arrows pointing the same way, which you won't, since it's counter-intuitive. And since uncommon become powerful on their own (like damaging the enemy just by placing them, for example), and booster packs are always available to be won, you can, with a little luck in the boosters while farming them, steamroll most opponents early on, if not for the entire duration. So this warants these two paragraphs.The A.I. isn't particularly challenging but with more card variety, the possible moves it makes also increases, so it keeps you guessing the first or even the second time you battle a particular opponent, which is nice. There's no multiplayer, for those more inclined to battle humans, so this feature lacking is going to put off some people, which is understandable but it's not a major gripe, in my opinion, obviously.In conclusion and to make a long story short, it's a casual card game that offers some solid gameplay with solid mechanics. It doesn't reinvent the wheel because it doesn't have to as far as card games are concerned but it stands out enough to warrant a look. And for it's price tag, it's a great steal. Buy it, play it, no real reason not to."
,Recommended,271820,12226215,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,quaint folksy quicksand,"Card City Nightsis a deck-building game somewhere between classic trading card games and Final Fantasy VIII's Triple Triad.While the basic rules are fairly simple, the combo system adds some depth and planning. Mechanics like rotation, combo procs and multiple winning conditions let you build varied decks with wildly different strategies.Tons of familiar card motifs and cameos are a bonus for fans of Ittle Dew, Iji, MURI and other Ludosity-related games.The AI is fairly bad at reacting to the player, but the story enemies' decks and basic strategies are good enough to pose a challenge.Multiplayer is on the way."
76561198128472773,Recommended,271820,19722040,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,valahbr,"This was pretty fun! The characters are awesome and the gameplay is smart, fast and simple enough. Deck building is interesting, but no deep strategy is actually needed, as the game is very easy, although it can be implemented,I wasn't stuck in any battles for too long, the last battle has an incredibly big difficulty spike but even then I only had to try like 4 times.It's a shame there's no multiplayer, a feel like that's a no-brainer.Overall I'd say definetely worth a try, if it's on sale.(But I got the impression there's a tablet version? If so, that one is probably better since touch controls would work perfectly.)"
,Recommended,271820,23884309,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,aheinz57,"A refreshing take on card games where the placement of cards deals damage, revives other cards, or heals you. Over 100 cards to collect, it basically has an entire booster ready to go."
,Recommended,271820,22658326,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,jeem,"card city nights is a concept that shouldn't work, i should totally hate it for being too frustrating and overcomplicating TCGs - which are already overcomplicatedbut i don't, it's actually really elegant in how it implements all its mechanics and i rarely feel as if i don't have a handle on how the game worksplus the music is great and the art is charming and the characters are all pretty fun; i was half-expecting this game to spew memes at me like a broken internet sewage-pipe but no gimmick or character outstayed their welcome and i never found myself getting annoyed by anyone i was made to deal with. it's punchy, it's self-aware without constantly having to remind the player of how self-aware it is, in short, it had enough personality where i didn't get bored but enough restraint to keep me from hating the presentationthis game really deserves online multiplayer, and i wish more people were into it so that the devs would have more of an impetus to make it sowhat i'm saying is that you should play this game"
76561198007695865,Recommended,271820,9600160,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ValkyrieMoon,"I almost past on this.That would have been a shame.This is such a great game filled with card players ready to take you down.At first the card players are easy to beat.You think this is going to be easy.But as you go on the players get alot better.This is where the addictive gameplay comes in.I mean really addictive gameplay,lol.You build your deck with the cards you win off of beating other players.Building that perfect deck really is fun.The city is filled with challenges.Unlocking buildings to play better and better bosses.Great humor and art as well.Plus such a low price for so much game."
,Recommended,271820,9159267,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Pepsiman,"I picked this game up because I love trading card games. I've played a lot of YU-GI-OH back in the day and quite a lot of Magic the gathering and I'm familiar with a few other TCG's like Pokémon and Duelmonsters and this game is really cheap. I'll admit right away that I didn't really like the game because this card game is not my cup of tea but I can imagine there are a lot of TCG fans out there that will like it.The game pretty much is a card game, you battle opponents, gain boosterpacks to change your deck  and earn money to buy cards so you can take on stronger opponents. The game does have a storyline, all I know about it is that you have to collect the 8 legendary cards by defeating the holders of those cards so you can take on the champion of the game, but it's a card game so no need for a fancy story there anyway.Its kinda hard to explain how the card game works so it might be better looking up some gameplay videos but I'm gonna try anyway. Both players start with 7 shields (hp). You win the game if your opponent drops to 0 shields or if he can't play anymore cards. The playingfield consists of 3 by 3 spaces where you can play your cards, the goal is to create a combo of 3 cards and that will trigger a certain effect based on the types of the cards used in the combo which I'll explain later on. You must play one card a turn and you cannot remove any of the cards on the playingfield so if you donnot make combinations you'll run out of spaces and lose the game.There are 4 types of cards: defensive, offensive, revive and neutral. If you make a combination using 3 defensive cards you gain 3 shields, if you make a combination using 3 offensive cards you can deal 3 damage to the shields of your opponent or disable one of his cards on the playingfield, if a card is disabled it cannot be used for combinations and it just stays on the playingfield. Use a combination of 3 revive cards and you can re-enable a disabled card and neutral cards don't have any effect and are just used for making combinations. The way combinations are made is rather interesting. You can combine all 4 types of cards in the combinations, for example you can use 2 offensive cards and 1 defensive card in a combination, but ony one effect can happen based on the most cards of a single type within the combination so that means this combo does damage but does not give you additional shields and because there are only 2 offensive cards in the combo it only does 2 damage. The position of the cards on the playingfield also plays a role, the playingfield consists of 3 by 3 spaces and there are arrows on every card indicating in what directions they can make combo's, for example you place a card in the centre of the playingfield and it has 2 arrows, 1 pointing up and 1 pointing left. That means it can only make a combination with cards placed above or on the left of this card if however that card also has an arrow pointing towards it. I hope that kind of explained how the game works.The reason why I give the game a recomendation is because the card game is solid and I cannot deny that. Because it wasn't my cup of tea doesn't mean I cannot recomend it to others especially because it's cheap and solid. I won't give it a rating though because I would give it a low rating because there wasn't much fun to be had for me personally and I rate games based on the fun factor. If you like TCG's you should definitely try it because there is a fair chance you will like it and it's only 4 bucks (if not on sale). They're practicly giving it away."
76561197971341065,Recommended,271820,28238867,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,sfnhltb,"An interesting and innovative collectible card game with a nice comic book aesthetic and solid story to progress through.There is the background exploration of the city and its characters and the various silliness going on, but the primary draw is the gameplay of the card game of course - and it plays pretty well, with it being fairly easy to pick up but there is a fair amount of strategic depth in both selecting your deck, and actual play of cards and reacting to what your opponent is doing.A key feature is that instead of being just another variant of existing card games with different stats used to basically do the same thing, the mechanics of how the game plays is completely different but reasonably easy to pick up. Then on top of that you get the standard variations to the rules added to the cards, but the triple aspects of the cards connections, the card type (attack, defense, etc.) and any special rules or bonuses makes for a lot of ways cards interact with each other, making deck building and gameplay pretty varied and tactical.Overall this is very easy to recommend for anyone that likes the genre as it combines a well thought out and innovative card game with a well polished wrapper around it."
,Recommended,271820,9150617,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MashPotato,"I like card games, but as I prefer single-player, don't want to spend money on extra cards, prefer simplicity, and like to take my time, there aren't too many games that fit the bill... but Card City Nights does!CCN's gameplay is straightforward, with cards having defensive, attack, or neutral effects, as well a number of arrows. You have 5 cards in your hand at one time, and take turns with your opponent to place a card done on a grid.  Create combos of 3 or more by connecting arrows between cards. Place them carefully, as when you run out of spaces you'll lose the round.  Since HP is capped at 10 and there are penalties for running out of cards, each round goes fairly fast and you won't get into stalemate situations.  It may not be as strategically deep as other card games where you have to manage resources etc., but it's easy to pick up, and fun.In between card battles, you can organize your card decks, buy cards to augment your decks using virtual money (you can also get booster packs by battling, and there are no IAPs) and go around town to talk to other characters. The storyline is rather silly (but are you really playing a card game for the story?) and humourous.  The charmingly cartoony art fits the game well, as does the cheerful music.My only drawback is that the AI appears to be on the easy side so far, but as I've not gotten too far yet this may be something that fixes itself later on.Card City Nights may not be a super-challenging card game, but it's good for a breezy time of card-battling fun. For casual fans of the trading card genre, this could well hit the spot.EDIT: as I've progressed, the game has indeed become a little more tricky. The developers have also released a patch that should make the AI stronger, so consider me a happy camper :)"
76561198167898617,Recommended,271820,21826184,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mire,A fun single player card game with a surprising amount of depth.
,Recommended,271820,15110548,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Edwards,"Great little game, reasonably short but has a surprisingly large amount of depth in the card play. Coming from a MTG background some of the mechanics are really interesting and you can customize your decks to do wacky and crazy things. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,271820,9122490,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,dpuza,Seems similar to the Triple Triad card game in Final Fantasy 8 with Magic The Gathering style deck building
,Recommended,271820,9129672,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Backfire,"If you can deal with the Homestuck/Scott Pilgrimy art-style, you are left with a very fun tic-tac-yu-gi-oh game.Definately worth the price tag. There's lots of collecting and fun to be had with this one.+ It gave me a foil card so I literally spent 0$ on it. gg great game.10/10"
76561198034778236,Recommended,271820,9856887,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,DrMeow,"Card City Nights is a true gem among the numerous games many indie studios release.Pros: Gameplay, Art, Music, Controls, Updates, ValueCons:None, Deck Building InterfaceCard City Nights is simple to learn yet allows for a number of viable strategies.  TCG veterans and casual players alike will enjoy the variety of playstyles and opponents: aggro, control, balanced, and more.  Cartoony yet charming, the artwork and music fit stupendously.  Control with the mouse is clean and easy.  Finally, developers have updated the game several times to add more content, for free.The deck building interface leaves some things to be desired, but is completely usable.Card City Nights offers a fun challenge for both serious and casual gamers.10/10"
,Recommended,271820,23477090,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SansCesse,"A nice little puzzle game. The card game itself is fun and interesting. A fair amount of strategy & thought is required when playing, especially if you haven't tailored your deck for your opponent. The cards have a good variety of different and interesting effects.The art is good, but the story is kind of basic.If you play well, no grinding will be required, but it does take a *lot* of grinding to complete your card collection. You aren't particularly pushed toward completing your collection, though -- there isn't even an achievement for it."
,Recommended,271820,26124780,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Pika Jew,"Got a coupon for this game, and i bought it b/c it was cheap with the coupon, but it is actually a very good game, i love it.PROS:~Addicting~Nice art~Nice soundtrack~Turn based and not timed~Different stratigiesCONS:~Can get repettitive~Sometimes have to grind for better cards~Frustrating opponets"
76561197970281251,Recommended,271820,26418131,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,jmzero,"What a great little game!  The core card game is light but perfectly serviceable, and the surrounding game is set up perfectly.  It's fun to steadily make your deck better (and try new things) as you wander around fighting different enemies and meeting new people/sapient fish things.  The setting, graphics, music, and characters are all great.  The little touches like the card recycling system and the fusion thingee not only make the card ""economy"" smooth, they're super entertaining in their own right (what do you get when you combine ""Ice Wand"" with ""Old Man""? In retrospect it's obvious...).I wish there was more of this game, but I can't call that a complaint for a game so very cheap.  I do wish heavier games (eg. MtG) could get a game like this.  You should buy this game.  It may take a little play for it to sort of ""click"", but once it does this is just a really great gaming experience."
76561198053260474,Recommended,271820,9237388,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,donsebastian,"I like card games, but i never played a singleplayer card game so thats my first one. The game Card City Nights is pretty relaxed the music fits to the game. The dialoges and the story is pretty funny and i like this comic art style. If you like card games and youre looking for a short (well it depends on how you play i played pretty long ^^) and relaxed game i think its worth to buy it. Well thats it have a nice day and if you like buy it!"
76561198009512701,Recommended,271820,9261439,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Lord-Patches,"I picked up Card City Nights when it was on sale for $2.00, and after having played it I am happy to say that it is easily worth its full price of $4.00 if not more. Card City Nights is a lot of fun and combines the elements of card collecting and battling.Pros:The three things that I would say set this game apart from other card games would be the card battle system, the graphics and the fact that earning a new booster pack is as simple as defeating an opponent (no cash shop). The battle system is similar to card battling in Final Fantasy VIII but with various factors that allow you to create decks with different win conditions (Attack, Defense, Board Control. The graphics are skillfully done and keep the game feeling fun.Cons:The main con for me was that the game is somewhat short. At casual playspeed it took me 8 hours to beat the game. I had so much fun that I was sad to beat it. If there was more content to this game I could see people easily spending $20+ for it. As far as other cons, the only thing that comes to are some minor UI problems that the developers have been quickly fixing.Overall this game is a hidden treasure and I highly recommend it to any strategy/card game lovers."
,Recommended,271820,16361028,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NOOBMASTER,An atmospheric single player card game with an interesting story and peculiar characters. Great art and soundtrack!
,Recommended,271820,14036664,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Introverted Giant,Card City Nights is the most unique card battle game I have ever played. It is fun and interesting and different fro the dozens of Magic: The Gathering clones out there. It is also set up to play much like an RPG. You will progress and get new and better cards and fight harder enemies and defeat bosses and add their trophies to your deck. It is really fun and easily worth the price of admission.
76561198117760235,Recommended,271820,12758689,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Skarp Hulduson,"A perfect game forverycasual play, such as while watching tv, during commercials and such-like. (So I'm confessing that most of the hours that I've logged here are not actually playing hours, but mostly watching tv with the game sitting idle hours.)In this game you play to win booster packs against AI opponents with increasingly good decks and strategies. You can also get booster packs by turning in excess duplicate cards (recycling) and by merging cards in certain combinations (alchemy). You might need a certain amount of OCD or hoarder mentality to really appreciate this game, but if you like collecting stuff, this game may well suit you as well as it suits me.The achievements for this game are truly notable achievements. You may well have to get near endgame and then take your uberdeck back to challenge one of the very early—and easy—opponents to get most of them."
,Recommended,271820,29514723,Posted: 26 January,all,䷃䷋䷃䷏䷀ ䷴䷼䷝,"I don't normally like card games much, and probably wouldn't have looked at this title twice under normal circumstances. But I had a coupon for 90% off, it looked nice, had mostly positive reviews and promised to be something different from the usual card game. So I purchased this game anyway. And I must say it's one of the better decisions I have ever made, as this game is quite fun to play.The gameplay is somewhat different from any card game I have ever played before, with each player placing cards on a 3x3 board. Most cards have arrows indicating which directions they can be linked to other cards, and an icon which designates which effect the card will have (attack, defence, revive and coin). The aim is to reduce your opponents defence to zero while preventing them from doing the same to you by chaining cards with a total value of 3 or more icons. Although it's game over when one of the players has filled up their board and cannot place a card at the start of their turn.Difficulty starts out quite easy, with your opponents mostly killing themselves by filling up their boards before you even have a chance to finish them off properly. But after the first couple of locations are dealt with the AI quickly steps up its game. All the opponents seem to have different strategies, as well as different cards in their decks, so what was a winning strategy for one opponent may fail completely with the next. The game easily allows for different strategies to be employed by giving the user a total of six different card decks, so you could for example have one deck which is primarily an attack deck, another wich focuses on defense, another which quickly discards cards from an opponents deck (I forgot to mention, when a deck reaches zero the player takes 1 point of damage each turn, even if they have a shild activated. And dies when they have no cards left to play.) and another which... well, you get the idea. Although I could find no way to completely remove a deck once created.The game is beautifully presented in all aspects. The cartoon graphics are first class, the music is pretty good and provides a nice ambiance, and the plot is mildly amusing if perhaps a little ridiculous.One feature I would have really liked to see in this game, and I feel is a bit of a glaring omission is some kind of online two player mode. I'd really like to test my Card City Nights skills against human opponents, as beating the AI can be a bit too easy once you know what you're up against.Overall I'd give this game 8.8/10. While it was really quite fun to play there is little to make me want to come back to it after completing the game, 100%-ing the achivements and beaten every opponent at least once. That and a lack of any kind of two-player mode prevents this game from breaking the 9 point barrier."
,Recommended,271820,9128685,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kesha Hatez You,"Really fun card game. Easy to pick up and learn everything about the game and the rules are very simple, Building the right deck will take some time because there's so many ways from a disabling team, zombie team, all-atk team, all-def, time-wasting team, among others.Even though it's only Single-Player it would be great to see a nice future feature with online play and possible additional cards that you can get via dlc or even better a workshop feature where you can make your own custom card for the game and win it through winning or playing against other people to earn it.Overall the game is great even though it lacks some small stuff but even with those small issues it's still a great game to have especially at it's special promotion (get it now for $1.99)"
,Recommended,271820,9175962,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Horseman,"(Need a tl;dr? Just go buy the freaking game.)I would like to start out by saying that I have a lot of experience with TCG's. I played Magic: The Gathering for a while, and I liked it but I was never in love with it. The game that I really fell in love with was Yugioh- which, from about 2010 to early 2012, was the best card game of all time, no holds barred, perfect pacing, for most of those formats well balanced, all playstyles were represented, and most importantly a deep, deep, deep, DEEP card pool that constantly rewarded me for scrolling through lists of cards, pointing at a random one with weird subtext and saying ""I'm gonna make a deck around that one!"" But eventually, konami ruined everything, the game sped up until it was too fast, the power crept up until I couldn't build a creative deck and survive against anyone competent for more than a turn or two, and the community got even worse. The state that it was in was much akin to the happy accidents of ""Super Smash Bros. Melee"" or ""Marvel vs. Capcom 2"" in that they probably didn't actually think about how the things they added affected the meta game, but eventually it somehow turned out fantastic. I'm saying all of this because Card City Nights reminds me of this era of yugioh. Very different gameplay, yes, but I'm not talking about the gameplay. There are two very important things that this game gets very right and other digital tcg's get very very wrong: card collection and deck building.When you play hearthstone, and even scrolls (despite mojang having no motive to do so since it already costs 20 bucks), you might notice that you get like, 1-2 packs a day. Even if you get really good at drafting in hearthstone, you get a good pack or two every hour- if you're really, really good and really, really lucky. Card city nights, on the other hand, gives you a pack like every 5 minutes. And then gives you the option to use your extra cards to get more packs. And then gives you a fusion system to get more cards. And gives you a large singles shop. Seriously, collecting all the cards available to you in their maximum usable quantities seems so doable in this game, whereas every other online tcg asks me to grind for weeks or months just to finish my damn deck!Perhaps the best part of the fact that Card City Nights gives you so many cards, is that the deck building involves a lot of creativity and strategy and is just overall fantastic. Deckbuilding in other games seems very one-dimensional compared to Card City Nights... Cards fit together in unique ways, and not only do you have to think about your strategy and what each card is contributing to your strategy and the synergies between them and all of that stuff, but you have to think about the synergy between their arrows, think about the combos you could make with this deck... it adds a lot of depth to deck building. I'm not entirely sure if it was intentional or a byproduct of the gameplay, but either way I love it. Other than that, for a game I spent $2 on, the card pool is impressive (with an implication of more cards coming at the end) and the cards are designed well, giving some good strategies and combinations to build decks around without enforcing them as cards that need to be used together.So all this should come together to be a great card game, right? Well, this review unfortunately ends in tragedy, as Card City Nights lacks a key component to this equation- multiplayer. It practically ruins everything I've just said. I can build all these great decks and collect all these cards and it won't mean anything in the end, because there's no ultimate test of my deck against another and there's no one who cares about my innovation when it's all within a relatively easy single player game. However, it's not a stretch to say that, in the event that online is patched in, and more cards are released, and the game is balanced a bit for competitive play, this could become the best tcg on the market.It has a good base and a fun singleplayer, even if it lacks some fundamental elements necessary for it to become really great. It's worth the price of admission, and it could eventually be worth 100 times that if the game's potential is explored. In the end I still had a great time with it, even if it never becomes more than it is."
76561197964626206,Recommended,271820,9204460,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Transientmind,"OK, I'm digging this little game.  Cute graphics, fun & simple game mechanic (plus plenty to suit any collector fetish), and the music is funky, but where this really shines is the writing.  Make sure to exhaust every character's dialogue!  I can think of nothing to complain about, at this price it's a steal, I recommend it."
,Recommended,271820,9323890,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cutie H⑨ney,"Video Review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY-YjOTyCUYFor four dollars, CCN offers a unique gameplay system without the caveat of in-game transactions and padded-out grinding. With a six hour duration and tons of cards to collect, there are isn't much to lose with the more than reasonable $4 price tag."
76561198052493779,Recommended,271820,9212787,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,trachy,"Having grown up with such single player card games as the Pokemon TCG and Yu-Gi-Oh: The Sacred Cards, I was instantly drawn to this game. And I enjoyed it. That isn't to say the game is perfect. It has a number of flaws, some inherent to being a single player card game, and others that are the problem with the game itself. I'll list the pros, cons, and things that are more up to a person's taste.Pros:-Unique gameplay. Unlike a regular card game like MTG, this game is played on a 3x3 board and the cards have arrows on them. You must connect cards using the arrows and then use them for attack or defense (depending on the card symbols). I can't really think of a game that has utilized this style of gameplay, and the fresh take on the rather traditional style of card games is a nice break from the games that are more in the style of MTG.-References galore. If you played any of this dev's previous games, you'll probably get a heap of enjoyment out of all the references made.-Deck progression. I guess that's a good term for this. Traditional card games you usually end up just buying a number of cards, and you have a solid deck right off the bat. I enjoy the progression of a single player card game, replacing worse cards for better cards as you continue to play the game.-Cost. I purchased this for $2. Regular price is $4. You'll probably see it going on sale during the Summer/Winter sale for $1. I'm basing this review off the $2 price point. You won't be getting a full card game for $2 (not unless you're insanely good at Hearthstone's Arena). I bought it with money I made selling Steam Trading Cards.Cons:-Very Easy. I didn't lose a single best of three or best of five. Even the final boss I beat with three wins in a row. They very much need to ramp up the AI. They make some very silly plays that have the put a card in a location where they are unable to connect to anything.-Weak story. To be fair, who expected a good story from a card game? Still, it's a con.-No multiplayer. For a $4 indie title, this isn't much of a surprise. I personally don't care, as I was looking for more of a single player experience, but plenty of people will definitely find this to be a black mark against the title.-Lack of variety. The card effects basically boil down to: attack, defense, disable, revive, rotate, remove, move. While the connect three mechanic helps make up for this overall, it does prevent the game from being more enjoyable. I like me some crazy card effects.Up to Personal Taste:-Art style. I'm neutral to the art style. That's generally how I am for most games. Look at the screenshots and decide for yourself if the art style is going to throw you off.-Humor. The game seems to be trying to go for some humor. I chuckled once, and that was it. However, I didn't find the humor to be intrusive to the experience.Btw, game took me 11 hours to beat. In my opinion, that's a solid amount of time for $2.Anybody who enjoyed the old Pokemon TCG game or the Yu-gi-oh Single-Player games, I'd very much recommend getting this. To people who enjoy card games, I'd suggest giving this a shot. The price is low enough that it really won't hurt to give it a try. I had fun with it, which is why I'm giving it the good old thumbs up.Hope this helps with your purchasing decision! :D"
,Recommended,271820,9822859,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Milky Mango,"8/10A great concept for a CCG, executed pretty well.Absolutely fantastic music (get the soundtrack, man, it's so cheap on Steam).Great references and subtle statements about the corporate life ;)Game's basically a CCG Pokemon.The game's got great card synergy potential, but of course, has its OP cards. Although, the nature of the game allows almost any card to be countered pretty easily. The moment I played through the first fight, I knew I'd be going for a full Attack deck 'cause it's basically a fast tempo deck; Quick damage to the enemy.The enemies past the first two areas finally start to challenge you, but the initial battles felt way too easy. The AI basically plopped cards randomly onto the board. It really gave me a sense of, ""this is gonna be bad."" But eeeh, it turned out great.The music is so freakin' good, it's definitely got to be one of the reasons I couldn't let the game go in my most recent, 9 hour session.. Instrumental hip hop beauty, like nectar to the ears :PThe developers really liked to give their stance on the corporate life. So subtle, so Business Casual. It didn't take away from the game all that much, but the issue goes back to the intial battles.... Making battles far too easy to make the enemy player seem incompetent. It kind of ruins the flow of difficulty.Either way, great game, very much a throwback to Pokemon as far as story, goals, and battles come into play. The two points lost were due to the integral loss of difficulty and certain card combinations _somewhat_ breaking the game. Would play again in the future, most definitely."
,Recommended,271820,9135981,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Celdrahil,"CCN is a deck-building card game. I am a fan of easy going time wasters like Faerie Solitaire rather than more complex trading card games like Magic. The video, good player reviews and the great price (2 Euros) made it quite a no-brainer for me and I wasn’t a disappointment. The basic rules are really simple, and even though there are lots of special cards/rules, it isn’t exactly mind-bending (and I mean that in a good way) the gameplay is still fast and fluent.I haven’t completed the game yet (about 80%) but definitely will. The NPC players have different playing styles what makes the deck-building worthwhile (as it should be in a single-player game). The overall difficulty progression feels good to me. Replay value is most likely not that big, at least at my current point of view. Nevertheless, thumbs up for an entertaining for a nice game."
,Recommended,271820,29532161,Posted: 27 January,all,Sayon ☠ Liberty,"Card City Nights, aptly named is a CCG that oozes style.Will you be fond of said style?  [Idk bro, check the Screenshots.]C.C.N is a comforting collectable card game or ""CCCG"" for short, filled with eccentric characters and set to a Jazz/Hip Hop inspired soundtrack.The Gameplay is a hybrid of match three and tradtional card game fare set on a 3X3 Board.A blasé story and quirky cast build a comforting yet interesting atmosphere.If you are a fan of the genre and are looking for a one off, a new take or something casual then I would highly reccomend C.C.N.TLDR: Cute, Comfy, Casual & Fun!  [] Single Player  [] Short Length [] Collectable Card Game  [] Great Art and Sound (IMO)."
,Recommended,271820,27079031,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Giygas,"Gem of a card game. Greatest diversity. True ""easy to learn, hard to master"" style."
,Recommended,271820,13002325,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,P.D. Hermitaur,"Unlike any Trading Card Game I've ever played! A Great single player card game that is simple to pick up, and challenging to master. Loaded with references to several indie games including Ittle Dew and Healthy Weapon.  It is worth every penny!"
,Recommended,271820,20691220,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,This is a cool magic the gathering card game-indie game in retro artistic style. its fun! not with friends though :/Youre #1
,Recommended,271820,18175381,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,.ĐĿ. Cрезена,"I don't generally recommend paying full price for a game, but this one is basically already at a sale price and better than many of the games that charge 4x its price.Its very solidly produced with no bugs or nonsense. It runs smoothly on anything. The graphics and the story are a little pedantic but the game play is crisp and entertaining.Hands down, no reservations, worth more than the MSRP. If its on sale then don't bother thinking, just buy it.ALSO: Runs on linux!"
76561198011224437,Recommended,271820,9135314,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Oboro36,"Great!! That's fun , nice card system that can make you excite."
,Recommended,271820,9787467,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,liquidtension92,"Fantastic addictive mechanics, highly recommended.Only thing missing is the multiplayer."
76561198031082350,Recommended,271820,9116942,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Water Splash,good game never played a card game like this before 10/10 x3
,Recommended,271820,9120462,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Cactus Gunman,"Decent humor, silly characters, and gameplay that basically adds much needed depth to the card games from the Final Fantasy universe (Triple Triad and the like). Would recommend, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,271820,9148770,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tumba,"if this game were a mazorca desgranada con todo, it would be a great mazorca desgranada con todo"
76561197989234669,Recommended,271820,9120523,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Vovin,"This game was developed by the dev behind Ittle Dew (well, there are more than enough hints in the card game about this... ;) )I really like Card City Nights.If you like card games in the tradition of Pazaak (KotoR card game) or Tera from FF9, mixed with the hunt for collectibles and some Magic: the Gathering elements, this game is for you. The game seems simple at first, but becomes really tactical later.The game offers a simple, but colourful comic art, a nice, an undistracting soundtrack and a lot of content. The games also comes at a great introductory price. There are lots of cards to collect, secret coins to find (just click on the correct and  suspicious places), the humour is really fun and the card game seriously addicting. Build your decks as you want, beat enemies, win coins or card boosters and enjoy the tournament story.At this price, you can't go wrong with it.Card City Nights also has no IAPs or stuff, you pay once and can get everything in the game as you progress.Recommended for all Pazaak / Tera fans or comic fans with a faible for card games."
,Recommended,271820,9321618,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,A.K.T.,"Bought while on sale. Highest value $2 I've spent in a long time. Simple enough to be pick-up-and-play, but not so simple that it's trivial. The main storyline will get you about 4-6 hours of gameplay, and the postgame looks like it'll be another 1-2 hours. It's short, but at the price of $4 standard, it's well worth the cost of entry."
76561197992962555,Recommended,271820,9329968,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Coga,"I saw this game on steam while it was on sale for 1 euro or something like this. Pretty cheap indeed and while i read some reviews , i wasn't so sure of wether i'll like it or not and what to expect. However after playing it for half an hour i found my self impressed about what the game was about to give me. Having finished the game after 10 hours and having battled so many guys in this game, i am here to say that this game was worth every penny i spent on it (in fact 1 euro isn't much but still). This game has some pretty nice characters, very nice sense of humor and a card game that's pretty unique, fun, and challenging (although some strategies will wreck your opponents). I liked seeing its weird characters from different game series of the game's developer, i loved opening packs and wishing for me to get the rares, i enjoyed listen to the beatiful music it had during the battles and during the dialogues and of course i was happy after i completed all the achievements for this game (1st game to do so). To conclude, the 10 hours i spent on it were well worth it. I hope Lodusity in the future to create on more card game like this.TL;DR : Buy it."
,Recommended,271820,9177268,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Buck Fanana,"Very fun game that reminds me a lot of ""Triple Triad"" from Final Fantasy 8.  Each card has a couple arrows on it, and you need to match at least 3 arrows to connect to create a combo, and the first to do 7 damage wins.  Simple, yet enjoyable.  Definitely worth the $2 it is right now, but would probably still be worth full price."
,Recommended,271820,9496240,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,fofz,"Very fun game to play, with a unique style/mix of strategy and storyline. Definitally a must have for card collectors, with a nice price to boot!"
,Recommended,271820,9596442,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tom Fortress,"Card City Nights is another fun game like Ittle Dew, but it suffers from the same problem, it is too short. And while there are all sorts of cards to collect, I feel it doesnt have the replay value of Ittle Dew. But on the other hand this game is still fun and its gives you some more after you beat Ittle Dew and you get all the cards and beat all the dungeons. My final verdict is pick this game up if you have the money, but a little advice from me is pick this up with Ittle Dew, and then it won't seem like too short of an experience."
,Recommended,271820,9592440,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Magical☆Melody,WAY better than it sounds (and I think it sounds pretty good).Would be better still on a tablet.
,Recommended,271820,9624258,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,StarrWarrior,Best $4 game I've ever bought! :)
,Recommended,271820,9509967,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,WhiteNight,very smart card game. definitly worth the price if you are wondering about it.Check it out
,Recommended,271820,9393085,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Rai Error,An amazing game with a fantasic soundtrack.
,Recommended,271820,9641975,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,stay,"Addictive as balls, if balls was an addictive card game with booster packs ripped straight out of final fantasy 9. Play it ya dummy."
,Recommended,271820,31438575,Posted: 29 April,all,Enhalion,"A strange mix of a jigsaw and a ccg at first I wasn't sure what to think but the game quickly grew on me. A short funny story full of plot twists and betrayal. Oddly charming graphics, overall a pretty fun game"
,Recommended,271820,10383820,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,eltee,(7/10)Cute little card game.  The basic dynamics are pretty simple and fairly easy.  It actually reminds me quite a bit of the card game from Final Fantasy 8.  There is some strategy though  a fairly equal portion of luck in the actual play.  I would honestly really have enjoyed the whole thing if not for a quite spectacularly unfair 'final' boss fight that took a bit of the shine off the whole experience.
,Recommended,271820,9149844,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,collarbono,"It's a very simple card game: Lay and link 3 cards in your 3x3 grid to do damage, bring up your defense, or revive cards disabled by your opponent, with the goal of bringing your opponent down to 0 defense or eliminating their ability to play a card. All the usual tricks and tropes of collectible card games appear within a new construct for the dueling players format. Fans of popular indie games will enjoy all the references the story and cards have, especially those familiar with Ittle Dew. Purely single-player for the moment, and the AI is on the easy side for those looking a challenge, but the game itself is relaxing, refreshing, and straightforward. Definitely worth picking up for card game fans and newbies."
76561197974500703,Recommended,271820,9181534,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Archiesque,"This game is a neat bit of easy fun.It's short, but that's a good thing as it ends before it wears out its welcome and there's no grinding required.A few hours of gameplay, maybe a bit more if you chat with someone about how you each played, there're a couple of different viable strategies but no real replay value.Entirely worth the $2 I paid.EDIT: The added Beta Card challenges are a good addition, the decks those extra bosses use are strong against particular types of decks and require more planning to defeat. I already thought this was a decent little game, now it is even better value."
,Recommended,271820,9132263,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,BackStabbed,"Fun game for the price... starts out really simple and seems like it's going nowhere, but it picks up as you get more cards. The AI is still a bit shaky at times, but the cards and dailogue have good variety and enough to keep you entertained as you play through. It took me a few hours to beat the game, and there are still cards to go back and collect."
,Recommended,271820,9133956,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ikkyu,"i've been hunger for some good card game since i played yu-gi-oh and monster rancher card battles in PSX. card city nights offers a new experience in card game. gameplay is great, you can get creative in you game. matching every moves, building combos. graphic and sound is great for a $2 game. haven't finished the game yet, but i think its gonna be great. i bought it at $1.99 and its worth the money"
,Recommended,271820,9136007,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Superiodity,"Pretty fun game for the price, I completed it in about 10 hours without rushing and spent the rest seeing if there's anything I missed or unlocked after beating it but couldn't find anything, Once completed you get a bit of money to spend on cards/boards and can carry on fighting/talking to the characters you've met though they don't say anything new.The few problems with the game is that the battles are really easy once you learn how to win (My Win/Loss ration was 15.60 by the end of it) and you'll hardly ever use the revive/defend cards since attack/neutral cards allow you to disable or combo down their health which gets you the win in no time at all. I didn't find myself being forced to change strategies or build specific decks to beat the opponents which just meant replacing attack cards with blatently better attack cards and changing which legendary I'd use every now and then.Another problem is that there's no way of telling how many total cards you've collected so there's no way of seeing if you've collected all the cards in a certain pack or gotten all the cards in the game which would of been nice to see, the only real stat it gives you is a win/loss ratio.Overall I think I got my moneys worth out of it and with 183 cards (apparently) there's plenty of different decks to make though there's not many characters to try them out on and they won't put up much of a fight."
76561198086528109,Recommended,271820,9136082,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,winged_eel,"It's a location matching card game similar to the one in FF8, with a few added features. The game is fun on its own, but the characters and settings make this game a favourite."
76561198052178797,Recommended,271820,9668817,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,vimbert,"This game has a delightful sense of irreverency to it, speaking as someone who's played a fair amount of trading card games and a fair amount of TCG video game adaptations. Rather than going for a complicated ruleset, the base rules are straightforward, but there's just enough variety in the cards available to allow for a number of strategic options in deckbuilding, and the excellent soundtrack helps the game's upbeat feeling. The difficulty curve is just about perfect if you hate getting ""stuck"" in games, as well... only in one or two places did I ever feel I wasn't quite ""getting it.""There's also some fanservice here, as the characters/cards are mostly from the company's other games, but it's unobtrusive enough that those unfamiliar won't find it distracting. (Of course, if you're me, you will squeal in astonished joy the first time you see an Iji or General Kor card.) Those seeking a great story should look elsewhere; although the characters feel well fleshed out and the writing is clever, more emphasis is put on gameplay than worldbuilding or plot, which I feel serves the game well. The card game mechanics form a solid core, and nearly everything present here is in service of that.In conclusion, this game is a definite recommendation from me. It won't change your life, it won't suck away weeks of your time, and it won't provide anything truly revolutionary that you'll measure other games up against for years to come... but what it will do is provide a solid, fun experience for relatively little money. There's some great value here. Give the game a try; it's fun stuff."
76561198058741201,Recommended,271820,9141597,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,IAMAlibrarianAMA,Simple and effective Magic the Gathering'esque gameplay. Easy to pick up and challenging to master.Wish there was MP as I could see this as being good fun to play with friends or others online.
76561198050966821,Recommended,271820,9148810,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Zillionaire,"Hell yeah!  It's a steal at the current Steam deal of $1.99.  More cards would ALWAYS be welcome but this card game is fresh enough to be enjoyable, customizable decks, not very difficult to learn, and allows for different winning strategies.  Get it!"
,Recommended,271820,9126192,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Chigens and Kay,"This was a very surprising game! Albeit quite short. ~8 hours, which I had done in one sitting.It's different from most card games; original in execution. Interesting mechanics. The music! So good! Relaxing and engrossing. Made the duels less redundant. Memorable characters, seeing that most of them are turnips, some weird floating gems, or other such surprises. O.oAt $2 (sale) I'd say it was worth the experience."
76561198032685004,Recommended,271820,9281395,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,precipitate8,"This game is a lot of fun if you like casual card battle games.  I think people who are complaining of a lack of depth did not play long enough.  After you defeat the first few bosses, the enemy tactics change from just a straight-up attack or defense strategy to really making use of 'special power' cards that you have to account for if you are going to survive.  It probably does lack the complexity of of some other card games, but the entry barrier is also a lot lower which makes it more fun than work.  My only complaint is that I find the interface outside of the card game a bit clunky, but during the card game it is fine.  It would be nice to have a better way to manage and sort cards for deck building.  For the price, it's worth a try!"
,Recommended,271820,9814730,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,DaReputableJesus,Card City Nights is a Cardplaying Adventure. You play as a new citizen of a city located on a little island. The interesting part is that everybody on this little island is into this wierd card game. So you also begin to play it. So you soon find out that there are the so-called legendary-cards and now your task is to get all this cards before your rival does. Sounds like POKEMON ? Yeah actually it's the exact same thing but with cards. So how does this card game work? Every player has a 3x3 square board.Every turn you can place a card in one of this nine squares. If you can connect 3 cards with eachother(like tic tac toe) the will do a certain action. There are  3 actions you can do:-Attack: Attack the opponents HP or disable an opponents card-Defend: Increase your HP-Heal: Enable a disabled card.So that are the basic rules of the card game. You will battle tons of people and every enemy has an other deck of cards and stratagy. You get new cards in form of booster decks  by defeating other players. And that's the whole geme in a nutshell.The only complaint I have is that there is no online multiplayer but the single player is long and entertaining enough.Oh and I forgot that the game has an awesome OST. So if you buy the game buy the OST to^^A great cardgame with an awesome soundtrack.9/10
76561198041500483,Recommended,271820,9114462,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Merrcury,Great game. Really wish there weren't game breaking bugs though =/
76561198006886393,Recommended,271820,9170960,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,rubidium85,"I ♥♥♥♥en love this game. Its really easy , so you can just unpack and play. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t blah blah blah!  Just a really good card game. reminds me of the pokemon trading card game in some aspects. Great deal too"
76561198042605380,Recommended,271820,31030749,Posted: 8 April,all,Clove,"Edit: I decided to flip this to recommend.  It entertained me just enough for me to play through it, most games can't make that claim.  It does have some ""atmosphere"".  It's still kinda ""meh"" though.If I could rate this game as ""Neutral"" or ""Meh"", that would be the rating.  Since the question is, ""Can you recommend it?"", then the answer is ""no"".  If the question was, ""Can you reject this game?"", the answer would again be ""No.I have 15 hours of playtime, and the game is played out.  I don't feel like there is any replay value here.  Music is kind of nice and atmospheric, but not anything that screams ""I must download to MP3 player"".  Art is interesting, but not inspiring.I was looking for a game like Shandalar, and I appreciate that this game isn't an online experience requiring card pack buys with real money.  But... the Shandalar experience isn't really here.But, there are far worse ways to spend an evening or an evening and a half like I did to blow through this game.  This game is a solid *Shrug*."
,Recommended,271820,9220308,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Banana Sam,"Wow.A really unique and interesting card system, fully fleshed out single player, and a charming art style that uses a lot of somewhat obscure indie game characters.  All I can really say is I hope this game does well enough that it can get a proper sequel with multiplayer.  Only real downside is it's singleplayer only, and you will likely finish everything after 5 hours or so.Still, for only $4 (even cheaper on sale) it's definitely worth it for anyone who likes card games."
,Recommended,271820,9130016,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dune Tiger,"It's $4.  $2 on sale.  It's like Triple Triad.  If it's a matter of whether or not you can afford it, if you can't afford it, for GODSSAKE sell your PC and go buy some FOOD!  You need to EAT! You need to LIIIIIIIIIVE!"
76561198047628481,Recommended,271820,9255499,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,powerfultimmu,this game is kinda addicting its a good twist to card games like magic the gathering and the price is well worth it it missing online play but its realy fun for what it is .
,Recommended,271820,9259334,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,jackychan,"It's an easy and relaxing game.If you wanna kill some time at night, its not a bad choice.Can be finished the story in 5 hours."
,Recommended,271820,9247564,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sparrok,A fun and simple card game with a quirky storyline and art style similiar to Bryan Lee O'Mally's Scott Pilgrim.
76561198008932506,Recommended,271820,9272645,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,MrJane,"This is a really fun game. There's a fair amount of stragety involved. You have to string together cards (match their directional arrows on a 3x3 grid) to create attacks, defense buffs, or heal cards that have been deactivated (by the opponent - you can do the sam to them). It's a simple setup, but the cards all have different combinations of arrows and extra abilities, so as you gather more cards, the stragety gets more and more complex. The humor is quite decent too, so it's certainly worth a play."
76561197968070055,Recommended,271820,9231327,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Nick,"Lovely card game with simple rules. Nice graphics, very good music and oddball humor.It took me about 8 hours to complete so you'll definitely get bang for your buck.As a possible negative point, I made it through the game with a modified starter deck where I kept swapping in the better cards. I don't think there was really an option at any point to completely throw out my deck and start a completely different one. It is possible but I would need to grind quite a bit for booster packs."
76561198080003187,Recommended,271820,9246525,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Dannyboy,"Casual card game, I love the humor side in it... simple and so much fun."
,Recommended,271820,9138230,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Perpetual Explosion,"I'm not quite finished with the game, but the game seems fun so far.This is a single-player card game where you build a deck and battle against other people to get booster packs or money for individual cards. The goal of duels is to either reduce your opponent to 0 health or to fill up your opponent's board. Combos are done by connecting at least three symbols through the arrows on the cards, and the highest type of symbol except for the empty symbol determines what kind of action you take from the combo, which is either attacking, gaining health back, or restoring one of your disabled cards. You can interact with your opponent's board mainly through disabling, which can be done by attacking the individual card, and rotating and removing their cards, which happens through specific card effects.There are strictly better cards, but since there are varying card limits (5 of a common, 3 of a uncommon, 1 of a rare, and 1 legendary out of all legendaries), the inferior cards are sometimes still used to get the arrows needed to carry out combos. There's also a way to recycle excess cards.AI starts out dumb, but their decks and intelligence increases as you play. So far I haven't lost yet (though I have had plenty of challenging matches), but the decks may become much harder.My one nitpick is that attack symbols are very strong because they do two things: lowering your opponent's health and disabling their cards. Defense symbols only gain you life, which alone won't let you win the game, and the restoration symbols which are very situational when your opponent actually disables one of your cards. The cards with attack symbols aren't much worse than other cards, so they will tend to dominate your deck. I wonder if combining the defense symbol and the restoration symbol would have helped the depth of deck building.Also, the settings menu can only be access through the world map, which is strange. You also need to double click on some icons.A lot of the game resides in the deckbuilding and making sure the cards work with each other. The interactions are complex due to the directions for comboing on each card, as well as balancing the effects you need to survive against opponents. The dueling is fun and feels like a puzzle game in way.Overall, if card games and puzzle games seem interesting to you, I recommend trying it out. The cost of the game won't set you back much either."
76561198010923357,Recommended,271820,28314342,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Vinticore,If you're looking for a singleplayer CCG this one is preeeeeeetty good
,Recommended,271820,10235850,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,The Wrath,"One word...EPIC. Awesome game, great gameplay. A must buy."
,Recommended,271820,16605229,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Czaq,"A splendid example of a proper tiny indie game. Fast, interesting, polished, smart. In it's class - perfect."
,Not Recommended,271820,28162865,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Wakanye West,"I enjoyed the Pokemon TCG game on the Gameboy, so I got this game for card-battlin'/adventurin' fun! Sadly the adventure is not very good and the card battling is too abstract for my taste.  Charming art and writing, at least."
,Recommended,271820,16887045,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ionic | Eortli1,"Everyone not affiliated with Ludosity,If you like card games of any sort, if you like puzzle games of any sort, if you like small and cheap indie games that have a surprising amount of depth, or if you can't help buying games on Steam that seem cheap and pique your interest, then I am fairly certain you'll enjoy Card City Nights.Ludosity,Longtime off and on Magic the Gathering family here.Thanks.  Thank you.  Thank you!My wife, my 14, 7, and 6 year old children and I have been playing Card City Nights for a couple of weeks now.  Your game was unreasonably low priced, so I picked up 5 copies.The kids picked up on it really quickly and loved it.  I knew it was a special game when I saw the card and interface design not get in the way of the superb play mechanic.  Its simplicity 3x3 grid and card interaction leads to a surprising amount of strategy.  We're talking enjoyable strategy...you know...the feeling of KNOWING I should have put that other card in the deck or KNOWING that I should have played those 3 cards in a different order.  When I lost games against the AI, it made sense.  When I won, there was absolutely always a reason for it and a reward to follow - a new booster pack or some money (used to buy cards to round off your pool of cards).There is quite a bit of quality humor in the game from dialogue with AI opponents to flavor card text.  I couldn't stop playing.  Do I have the best card(s) - not yet.  Do I have enough of that card or that type of booster - not yet.The game doesn't get old or feel played out, much like MTG, but at a MUCH cheaper price point. Not as hard to learn and held our interest at least as well.  There are no microtransaction here.  None.My family and I appreciate you and your efforts on this one Ludosity.  I am in the process of checking out your other games.  Good luck in your future endeavors and let me know if there's anything we can do for you to return the favor!"
,Recommended,271820,10059840,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Dried Monkey,"I initially played this game before checking out the earlier works of Ludosity, and I loved it. After having played Ittle Dew, I love this game much more! Card City Nights seems to have been inspired in part by Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo Tales in the sense that the cards interact with each other based on the positions of the symbols on the edges; however, it is a very unique card game as it uses arrows on the edges and corners of the cards to form combos within a grid. The game has the same quirky drawing style and sense of humour as their previous title Ittle Dew, and many of the characters from Ittle Dew have become usable cards in Card City Nights. This is an easy recommendation for fans of Ittle Dew, lovers of card games, and casual gamers in general."
,Recommended,271820,14751938,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Gobble,"Do you enjoy card games? Do you enjoy a fun story? Do you enjoy the challenge of deck-building prior to a game, in order to out play your opponent?If yes, then this is the game for you!Controls - Clicking is easy.Audio - Fun. RhythmicVisuals - Definitely a great looking game. A unique art style from the team at Ludosity."
,Recommended,271820,30991210,Posted: 6 April,all,Rosa Luxemburg,Where was this game when I was a kid? I 100% wouldve printed out some cards to play it in real life.
,Recommended,271820,13357104,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Raykwansaa,"A very fun card game despite the fact that you cannot play with another person. It is a game based on card placement and usage of space. It's puzzle-like qualities yet aggressive nature remind me of tetris attack from the SNES in a lot of ways. If you are interested in a card game that plays very differently than most, then I highly reccoment this game. Heck, I highly reccomend this game in general, I really enjoyed it."
76561198048668742,Recommended,271820,9268895,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Lamoebikoe,"It's a fun little game to play for when you are in a period between two 'bigger' games. The cardgame itself is rather simplistic, but at least they give you the opportunity to create your own deck and try out different strategies. At this point however, there isn't much significance behind all this, since the AI is ridiculously stupid. I can't imagine anyone having problems with any of the opponents other than maybe the final boss. The fact that there is as of yet no multiplayer doesn't fill in this hole.Either way, I would still recommend it without hesitation, which is probably influenced by the very low price tag."
,Recommended,271820,10714757,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Krazer,So far I absolutely adore this game :3. It's a brilliant new card game system that doesn't take too long to get behind.
,Recommended,271820,10825883,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Portal Jumper,Really fun especially for someone who loves card games like me. 9.5/10
,Recommended,271820,9163817,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,advanceagent,It was a fun game and required a bit of thinking.  Well worth the investment!
76561198079868285,Not Recommended,271820,24990239,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,sadisticTome,"I personally enjoyed this game. There are some balance issues, but the mechanics are a lot of fun. Sadly, I cannot recommend this game simply because it is now broken and the developers have no intention to fix it. After the latest update, the game no longer is able to open on a Mac OS. The developers have said that since this is one of their older games, fixing this issue is not a high priority. If they do fix it, I would happily recommend the game."
,Recommended,271820,9116454,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Crvnch,This game's story is a lot like Pokemon. The gameplay is simple but it's not bad!
,Recommended,271820,9973678,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Gook Thug,"Yo, this game is hella tight dawg. I thought this game was going to be some boring wannabe card game but it brings out the genius in you. I was like damn, and wazam, and kapow when I played it. Highly reccomend this game for it's price and soundtrack. Zap zap pow pow."
,Recommended,271820,28671161,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,knowing,"Nice and easy, quick paced game for when I need a breather from any rage-enducing game.A very stragetic game for sure.7/10"
,Recommended,271820,13170732,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fishbun,"Awesome, DLC free card game with a nice soundtrack and interesting gameplay."
,Recommended,271820,9131266,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,LazarFirinBoy,"I gosh darn love this game! I love tcg games and this one really hita the spot! I am totally digging these rad tunes, yo!"
76561198015846415,Recommended,271820,27145231,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KaoFamJK,Excellent single-player card game
76561198076452588,Recommended,271820,27835621,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,steinhofffrank,"This is a little hidden gem in my library. Amazing gameplay, funny history, AWESOME SOUNDTRACK. In one word: fun."
76561198119217895,Recommended,271820,27351323,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,joao_azul,Great game for spending a few hours. Nice Card mechanics. Fun.
76561198227520608,Recommended,271820,27587844,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grimwold,"Nice little suprise of a game.   I got it on sale, but I think it's actually worth it's modest full price."
,Recommended,271820,25172661,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Vietnamese Jesus,It's good. 7/10
,Recommended,271820,9214604,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Cocoabine,7/10 - A very competent card game for a very low price.
,Recommended,271820,15593556,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,Very funny casual card game with indie-game references and decent replayability.Underpriced. Underrated. Awesome.9/10
,Recommended,271820,9206997,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Stealth_Potato,"It's a really great strategy/card game. It's unique because it's not like yu-gi-oh or pokemon or digimon, it has it's own rules and stategic ways. It is an amazing game for only $4 you can play it for hours, i'd give it 9/10."
,Recommended,271820,9133044,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mugabe,Nice to see Ittle Dews elements here!
76561198026297459,Recommended,271820,9115984,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,SparklesTheCat,"This review has been edited twice, and I have flipped from a ""Do Not Recommend"" to a ""Recommend"" based on a bug being fixed.As far as the game play - the mechanics are pretty cool and easy to learn.  There is a surprising amount of depth for what at first seems like a really simple game.  That being said - I have been using the same basic deck for the whole game with little challenge.  The game actually gets easier as you go (at least through the turnip factory/bar) - I had the most trouble with the first boss mainly because I was learning the game.  Each opponent brings a different feeling deck to the table, but some of the decks only work in theory.  The AI is very basic - I would love to play this multiplayer.The legendary cards that I have encountered so far are pretty weak.  Out of the 3 or 4 I have gotten I am only using 1 and I could easily take it out with no effect to my deck.When I first wrote this review, there was a game breaking bug.  It was fixed in under a day. This tells me that the developers care about this game and are willing to put in the effort to create a good product."
,Recommended,271820,18404992,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"6/10 - Great Price for a decent game.Not really into this type of game, but it's not bad. Build a deck of cards and battle people around town. A great buy if you like card games. It's Pokemon with less cool♥♥♥♥♥♥Worth the full price, onsale for less than $1Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,271820,13011157,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,comfy skeltal,"This game made me discover Hype Snake.Hype Snake is cool.In fact, Hype Snake is so cool, I'm only posting this to talk about Hype Snake. Go download it, it's free and lasts like one minute (of pure HYPE).This game is cool too, but not as cool as Hype Snake."
76561197993780180,Recommended,271820,9176382,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,rpgarcher,"the mechanics work well, and I enjoyed the humor and art.  Sometimes felt a bit random, but it overall worked very well"
76561198013878077,Recommended,271820,12731346,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DanGerouS_InTeGraL,Amazing music. Nice card game.
,Recommended,271820,9145999,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Junelicious,"This game. Is freeukieeng awsum!I love the soundtrack, love the wacky crazy visual style and gameplay is pretty good too.I havent played card games before so.. my opinion on actual worth as a card game is worth null and zelch, but it got me interested in them so I guess that counts.This my friends is what indie is all about - the game made with love.Oh and it got Linux. So..  just get it, right now!"
,Recommended,271820,9575401,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Papa Boner ♚ (King),This game is so much fun. Seriously! I didn't have internet for two weeks and ended up playing this game that whole time. Its a very fun video card game. There are so many different stratagies and ways to win that you'll find yourself constantly tuning your deck and swapping out cards. Even once the game is beat you have the option to continue to much more gameplay. I'd totally recommend this to anyone looking for a cute stratagy card game.
,Recommended,271820,13287114,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mathy Magician,"Cute and interesting card game. Surprisingly fun card mechanics and, even more surprisingly, actually some fun and interesting deck building involved. Lots of grinding to get new cards, but because the game is so much fun it's a joy to get those new cards."
,Recommended,271820,10887735,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Raz,"Card City Nights is fun, challenging, and doesn't consume a lot of time. Great for people who just need something to eat up a bit of their time."
76561197987377111,Recommended,271820,17243735,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Battledoom,"Great card game, interesting cards and characters, fun gameplay and its cheap."
76561197983225082,Recommended,271820,9127754,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,baddog993,"I just got this game. So far its ok I have only played about one hour. The whole game is to make 3 cards touch arrows to either do damage or defense. The rules are a slightly more complicated but thats about the gist of the game not including the strange cards that turn some cards upside down and other strange cards.The artwork is nice however the game features no animation in any of the boss battles or the people you meet or fight against. A little animation would have been nice, maybe moving a arm or having one of them wink something right now it feels like a comic book.  The music is very nice and relaxing and does fit the play style of the game. You can also talk to certain people in this game however its a very short conversation mostly just lets fight or tips on how to play so far.The card battles are ok.  Bascially you have a deck of cards in your library and they shuffle them up and give you 5 of them and you have to be able to play at least one or you lose. The game does have potential however a few things hold it back for me. The game feels lifeless to me the people you meet are boring/lifeless and the card game while fun is kind of the same. The game is just dull over all.Examples the smashing sound when you hit an opponent  should be a Boom! instead you get pew pew the you win sign should be booming instead you get a sign saying win with little fanfare. I do like the art style of the cards. I really dont hate this game however like I have stated I find it kind of boring overall. I think a small part of it has to do with little to no animation in the game. The cards  are static, people are static the only ""action"" you do see on screen is the hits and a rotating circle sometimes. Again lifeless comes to mind for me a lot. I can find no fault but I dont find anything compelling about it as well .. A game should hook me and want me to play further and so far there just isnt a big enough hook. 5/10 is what I would rate this right now. I may change my mind later after more playing."
,Recommended,271820,9207029,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Miles,"Finished the game in 5 hours, the only real drawback is how stupidly easy the game is. Finished the first playthrough with a 40W-0L record, the only duel that went to the final round was the last opponent of the game.Great game for anyone new to TCG's but don't expect a challenge. Definitely worth $5 or less (currently $2 on Steam)."
76561198014666590,Recommended,271820,9124788,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Warstrich,"The presentation might throw some people off, but the gameplay is actually quite neat. The simplistic mechanics of the card game belies some actual consideration of strategy when you come around to fighting for your first Legendary card. For the price, this is a very nice little game."
76561198040001301,Recommended,271820,9508418,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Africa is my planet,+Visual style+Good comical moments+Very good price tag-Only people who've played this company's games understand the references and jokes-Somewhat boringOverall this deserves 7/10
76561198068849291,Recommended,271820,11936347,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DeathClaw,"A good casual card game.  Highly addictive. The AI is tough and has better cards. Once you get the hang of it, you'll spend hours playing it. The music is funky too."
,Recommended,271820,20922036,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JiFish,A breath of fresh air in the era of micro-transactions - there are none to be found in this game. Collect every card and build a wide variety of intresting decks. Presented in a amusing setting with fun characters. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,271820,9267663,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Derek Bum,Charming indie puzzle card game with great music
,Recommended,271820,9285840,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,XOXO CASSIE CAGE  XOXO,Pokemon TCG for gameboy advance and cheap too!
,Recommended,271820,9282562,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,FunkyFritter,A fantastic single player card game for the price.
76561198047655297,Recommended,271820,9240746,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Tpyo,Short but sweet game.  Worth the price.
,Recommended,271820,20131554,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Fancore,"though simplistic, it's a pretty good game."
76561198042215871,Recommended,271820,9118091,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Laporkra,"After Having my issues solved with the latest patch and a personal response from the developer, I can recommend this title.It is an amusing card game with a surprising amount of depth. The music is fitting with the style of the title and the price point was spot on. I look forward to playing it for many more hours."
76561198067456246,Recommended,271820,12278715,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,jkd,This was a great Triad style game.Thank you for the Linux version!
,Not Recommended,271820,16737050,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,localruffian,Humor and difficulty level seem aimed at the preteen. The badges take more time than strategy. Could be good to play with or as a child but otherwise not recommended.
76561198027059536,Recommended,271820,33141837,Posted: 2 July,all,CptnPwnz,"goos stuff, enjoyed alot."
76561198042589505,Not Recommended,271820,17541925,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,samuricex,"Uh, it made me go break out Yu-Gi-Oh Tag Force, so it's got that going for it."
76561197971878112,Not Recommended,271820,17761930,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,BigStrongMike,"it's strange, the card game is weird and feels like you randomly win...I can't reccomend it less you like the off, weird, strange thing and want to scratch your head over a card game."
,Recommended,271820,9191149,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Clord,"This game is so much fun. For first I ignored this game due it looks something like Triple Triad but let me tell you, this game is way more complex than that.You have attack, defense, neutral and other various cards you can use to beat your opponent by either taking their shield to zero, filling their board entirely so they can't place card thus they lose or win by fatigue after enemy's deck is empty.Art is also surprisingly charming but that is probably since it reminds me of anime style."
,Recommended,271820,29486532,Posted: 25 January,all,davidincostamesa,Yes
,Recommended,271820,9182003,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Shmoox,"Very challenging, fun, and dosen't get boring...U could always stay on collecting, and collecting, and collecting more cards...I recommend it and its TOTALLY worth ur 4$! 10/10"
76561198043424604,Not Recommended,271820,9147392,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Bensch,"The gameplay is pretty simple and not very competitive. Usually i suck at building a deck... but I beat the whole game with the first deck I put together. Just swapped some stronger cards in and weaker cards out from time to time.Found most of the characters rather pesky and the story.. well.. nevermind.It's ok to get it while it's 50% off, at least if you like CCGs.Otherwise I wouldn't recommend it, 'cause I found most of the five hours playthrough to be rather boring / annoying. Won't play it again.PS: Game completed achievement might be buggy. I beat the Card King and his ""apprentice"" afterwards , there are no fights left (except the ones that earn you booster packages), still I didn't get the achievement. -> No complaint.. just for your information."
76561198047940086,Not Recommended,271820,9129375,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Footloose20005,"I have changed my mind about this game, at first i thought that it was quite enjoyable and well worth the price but after playing it for over 3 hours i feel now that the game does get rather boring as later in the game instead of just having to face an opponent once to progress and get a booster pack you sometimes have to beat them 3 times which just gets rather boring."
76561198013476128,Not Recommended,271820,19967740,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ace Havoc,bleh
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,271820,10025186,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Puddle,This game has very little depth to it. If you want a more random CCG play Hearthstone. If you want a more skill based one play magic.Although this might be decent for a phone or tablet.
,Not Recommended,271820,9170667,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Crizzixx,"It's hard not to recommend this game at a $4 retail price, however I still have to.This game does have it's own unique system of presenting a card game, using a 9 grid board with cards that can have one or more of the 8 direction arrows. You then place cards on the board and match these direction arrows up to make ""combos"". A potentially fun concept but it really struggles in its execution.A lot of different arrow combinations means you are going to struggle early in the game when you don't have a good number of cards to draw from. This is a problem because that moment when you place the cards perfect and get a nice combo together, you get that warm fuzzy feeling and it is the primary draw of a game like this. Those moments however, will be few and far between in the early going. This leaves the user with a sense of confusion and lack of will to keep trying to better their decks.I may perhaps have a higher standard of TCGs, as I'm a long time player of games like Magic, 7th Sea, and others. You may find some enjoyment here that I could not, especially if you are willing to tough it out in the early going.  If not however, you will be very disappointed in the games fun factor."
76561198031123219,Not Recommended,271820,13050703,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Jarndyce,"A poor game, with a simple and uninteresting game mechanic as its only claim to fame. I found there to be no motivation to progress through the game. Rather than sucking you in and making you want to find better cards like most *free* online card games, this game lost me in less than an hour."
,Not Recommended,271820,14680669,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,EnduroDoug,"This game was on my wishlist for a long while, but it should have just stayed there. I can't recommend it. The gameplay is unique and the art is somewhat charming, but I just didn't enjoy playing it. I can't quite pin it down, but the resulting game seemed rather half-baked. For the sale price, it's worth a try if you like CCGs, but it didn't do it for me."
,Not Recommended,271820,9123671,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Aalnius,whilst the card comat system is novel the actual gameplay is pretty boring and honestly it rarely matters how well you play as the computer beats itself most of the time even when its bosses.the first few matches i just went hardcore attack and than realised it was quicker to just join 1 attack to two random cards and disable an enemy card till they can't make combos (normally 3 cards) than just wait for them to run out of space.but yeh other than a novel combat system the game doesn't really have anything and i wouldn't recommend buying it.
,Not Recommended,271820,25580960,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,constantcompile,"A competent but very flawed CCG that takes too many missteps for me to recommend it.The core mechanic of stringing together combos is undercut by several cards like bombs, potions, and barriers that, in a single turn, can invalidate three or more turns' worth of effort. These broken cards are pointed out in a Community Guide.As a result, few strategies appear to be meaningfully better than simply spamming disables to your opponent's cards and filling their board, so that they can't play a card. Because the game is single-player, there's no ""meta"" as such, and this strategy works for >95% of the game's opponents.The lack of real strategy involved makes for a game that is occasionally amusing or satisfying, but largely dull."
,Not Recommended,271820,9198684,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"Card City Nights might be extremely cheap, but it's also one of the worst card games I've played so far. That could also just be me, because I plainly do not like the rules this game uses. Get Dead Man's Draw instead, you'll have a better time with it. Forget the money you'll be saving. This is just another mediocre game.[Rating: 61/100]"
76561198025105217,Not Recommended,271820,9175358,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,bradwerth,"Some stuff happens... and then you win. I played for awhile and realized that my strategy never had to change, and gave up four hours in. There's no deckbuilding per se, just maintenance while you progress through very similar battles. Could not maintain my interest."
,Not Recommended,271820,9647442,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Miles,"Summary: A very simplisitc game that seems to be targeted towards casuals, and even they may have trouble enjoying the game.The basic gameplay is this: The two players play on separate 3x3 boards. Each draws cards from their decks and place them on the board, one per turn. The cards have arrows pointing in anywhere from 0 to 6 directions. Linking 3 or more to make a combo is your primary method of attack and defense. You can do damage to the player or disable their cards on the board. The advantage of disabling cards is they can no longer link together, though they can be healed. You win if you can drop their life to zero or their field fills up and they can no longer place cards. If a player runs out of cards, they don't immediately lose, but damage is dealt to them each turn by the board.There's very little strategy involved. You fill your deck with cards that will link together easily. Beating enemies is mostly luck based, since they tend to have weird and unpredictable cards, like ones that randomly rotate or move cards. The winning strategy is often just to disable as many cards as possible without regard to health.Overall, veteran gamers will find this simplistic and boring, while casual players with not be especially enthralled."
76561198092090687,Not Recommended,271820,9538160,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ChyaboiNeo,The game wont work on my mac whenever the window loads. i can only hear audio
,Not Recommended,271820,9149263,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,A.A.,"Saw it was on sale for $2, so I decided to buy it.It was a waste of $2.Card game is a joke and the AI is terrible. Like, really terrible. You can just use the starter deck they give you for the whole game and just keep trying to win. Eventually, you will.Calling it a ""casual"" card game doesn't mean you can half♥♥♥♥♥the game mechanics.The music was okay. Nothing really mind-blowing or anything that you couldn't get out of your head.Only enjoyable thing about the game were the characters and the setting.It's short. I finished it in 5 hours, you could probably finish it in 4."
,Not Recommended,271820,9182389,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Dan,"Initial impression - 4.5/10.  Not a terrible delivery, but the game seems to lack depth."
,Recommended,271820,9151736,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Aemrr,"Okay, so I got this game thinking it could be fun for a while. I would assume that assumption was correct since I sat through the entire game with a smile on my face.This is by far one of the most relaxing and casual experiences I've had in a while, and I mean it. The game is filled with humor, great gameplay and a soundtrack that makes you happy no matter how you felt before hearing it.Sure, it's not that long but I see it having great replayability and you will probably keep going even after you beat the game to get more cards and have some fun with different types of decks.I saw in other reviews that people encountered a gamebreaking bug removing all of their cards but I personally didn't encounter it.So if you're thinking about getting this game, my advice is that you do it. It has such a low price that I'd argue I'm stealing from the nice people at Ludosity, and that'd make me sad. Allthough I wouldn't stay sad for long since, let's face it, I'm playing Card City Nights, how can you not be happy?"
76561198025664168,Recommended,271820,10179019,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,kingsaberhawk,"Great game, worth the money if you see it on sale. Self contatined trading/battling card game thats light enough that you can go in,  do a battle or 2 then move on or keep playing it for a while.Stragety is simple where it is based on linking cards together by the arrows you see in their corner, so that you link 3 symbols together. (Some cards have 1 symbol, others 2 therefore necesitaing only 1 card to be linked to it rahter than 2). Different symbols do different things like attack, defend or are wild and work both ways.While the narrative is super simplisitic and the world full of strange chracters the game does have charm. You can plow forward through locations and opponents or take your time rebattling certain chracters earning booster packs by defeating them. You can win booster packs, buy them in game, sell cards, modify your deck to suit play style.Its enough that its kept me coming back to it more than some other games Ive got super cheap on steam."
,Recommended,271820,10350233,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,lukesnydermusic,"Card City Nights gets a 9/10.This hilarious and brilliantly executed game tickled the pleasure centers in my brain like virtually nothing else that I've experienced. There are few things as fun as opening packs of cards, and this game throws enough your way as to make you positively addicted. The game's main flaw (it is rather short) is also its saving grace, as I'm sure I wouldn't have been able to tear myself away from the screen unless I had already accomplished everything within the first day!Pros:- Innovative, fun, and clever gameplay. It may appear simple at first, but there is surprising depth.- You get to open tons of booster packs and form a huge card collection. How sweet is that! Also, there's no in-game purchases or anything like that. My hat is off to you, Ludosity, for having some moral fiber, especially within a genre of game that seems to feature some of the most rampant abuse of ""pay-to-win.""- Super lighthearted and dumb characters, cards, and locations. The aesthetic quality of the art is great!- Really nice music. I'm a musician and producer, and I really enjoyed the tunes. Game music is often tired and boring, but not here.-Crafting and recycling system which allows you to get rid of excess cards that you don't want, and discover new cards!Cons:- Somewhat short game. I've played a total of 7 hours, and done all the fights and achievements. To be fair, I went through very quickly, playing a very fast ""RDW"" style burn-to-the-face deck. I'm fairly experienced with CCGs, so I was able to be pretty efficient. Also, this was before the balance patch, so that particular style of play is a bit harder now.- General card and deck management is kind of annoying. It can be a bit of a pain to constantly have to scroll through your collection, especially once you open a few hundred boosters. Additionally, when you're buying and selling cards, it's difficult to know how many of each you actually own, because cards that are currently in decks can't be sold.- Rehab expenses are pretty high if you want to stop playing Card City Nights for good."
76561198047577518,Recommended,271820,10188981,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,killjoyjj,"Have not played Ittle Dew or any other games of this game studios, i picked up card city nights on a whim with the inclination of how i love dueling card games.This was fantastic. it is on the lines of a ""tetra Master"" (FF9) Styled games, where cards use arrows in the 9 directions of the cards on a 3X3 grid, and you use combos of your cards to either Attack/Heal/ or Revive while your opponent does the same.It's hand drawn art style, and quirky characters make for some interesting dialogue and unique individuals.The soundtrack is fantastic as you play too, if you like card games, it is a must!"
,Recommended,271820,10453926,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,MMMrph,"You'll win a lot then lose a lot then win a lot. Then the game literally cheats in order to give you a hard final boss.♥♥♥♥ the lemon girl.As with Ittle Dew, it has a great art style and sense of humour. Decent music too."
76561198019157549,Recommended,271820,10393928,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,rowdyrob3d,"I just bought this game yesterday, and already I've played it for 7 hours so far! So yes, I have to recommend this game for those who like casual puzzle games, solitaire games, or trading card games. I've never played ""Magic: The Gathering"" or similar collectible card game, but ""Card City Nights"" has a unique card-linking mechanic that appears to set this game apart from the other games.The game has very pleasant cartoon-style imagery and pleasant-enough music and sound. The interface is easy to come to grips with, and the tutorial mode is reasonably effective in teaching you the basic gameplay mechanics. The story is pleasant and involving enough, providing the motivation to keep playing further.If you’ve noticed, the key word I’m using to describe “Card City Nights” is “pleasant.”  The basic card-game mechanic is challenging and fun, and I’m motivated to keep playing until I beat the game.If you like “casual” games like “Bejewelled” or “Solitaire” or other such games, I think you’ll like this one, although it’s a bit more complicated due to the “card collecting” motif. “Card City Nights” is certainly a worthy game for anyone who likes casual games or “collectible card” games."
,Recommended,271820,9914294,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Morgan Blair (Shoukanjuu),"(Originally posted February 23 2014)Played this for a couple of hours, and then my brain got tired. It's coming to iOS, however, so I might give it another try—I'd probably enjoy it more in small chunks rather then extended sessions. I mostly picked it up because it's from the developers of Ittle Dew, and has the same awesome art style and humor."
,Recommended,271820,9191232,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,feurta,"Edit: They've patched in additional after game opponents to play. 4 opponents with Beta cards and a chicken character that you can play for money. You can also replay many of the main game's characters as much as you want now.ProsAddictive card gameNice indie visuals and charactersGreat atmospheric musicLots of opponentsComptetant AICHEAPConsNo online play against human playersSome questionable interface decisionsBottom LineThe complaints are minor and the price is beyond a bargain. If this had online play, I'd buy this for my friends and get them into it. If anything about this game interests you, just buy it. The whole package will win you over."
76561198105917923,Recommended,271820,9489115,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,cybermutt,TAIHAI I love this game. iz fun
,Recommended,271820,9508433,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,UnknownDepth,This game is awsome.  I love playing it and the Ai is smart. So buy it.
76561198121545904,Recommended,271820,9580247,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,cileasto,"Good things comes in small packages,Plays fast, neat mechanics and dificulity that starts off on easy but escalates on reasonable pace and I personally never felt that I lost due to ""cheating"" of computer."
76561198006615255,Recommended,271820,9190793,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Fidasaind,"Fun and simple game. Decent aesthetic including some nice music. Interesting and different card game mechanics. It was cheesy, silly, and nothing I'd ever suggest taking seriously. But $2 for 6.5 hours of gameplay to beat it? That'd be like a AAA title giving me 195 hours if you want a price per hour comparison.Also if you liked Ittle Dew you may enjoy the references."
76561198125592249,Recommended,271820,9193073,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,dssetton,"I found myself having a lot more fun with this game then i was expecting to. With the price its a no brainer to pick up even though it has its issues, the diffiulty can be a little to easy to start it does pick up but at an uneven pace. Also online multiplayer would be very nice. Overall you get more then your moneys worth and is a fun game to pick up and play."
,Recommended,271820,9164302,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Krauser,"Honestly i see good things for this game as well as future updates, and a building fan base. This game really has its moments and really is easy to learn the basics it's just so much fun and seems like a really good idea for real world play as well. I highly recommend this game to anyone who's played yugioh or duel masters before!"
,Recommended,271820,9166724,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,CallToPower,Funny and simple card game
76561198075207472,Recommended,271820,9168191,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Carlo,"This is a pretty fun game for a few bucks, although it is pretty short (should be able to complete the game easily in less than 10 hours)"
,Recommended,271820,9168857,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,UjuidarEhcram,"Card City Nights is a card collecting and battling game where you build a deck to defeat enemies, collect randomized card boosters, and improve your deck to take on tougher enemies. This genre of game is one of my favorites, as were Magic: the Gathering: Shandalar and Pokemon Trading Card Game for Game Boy Color. So few of these games are made nowadays that really, I'll take whatever I can get, so when I saw this game on sale for $2, I jumped on it.In the card game, you place cards on a 3x3 grid. Link arrows on the cards to make combos, which can lock down your opponents cards, release your own, boost your life total, or hurt your opponent. You win by reducing your opponent to 0 or by making them unable to play by filling up their grid or depleting their deck. The nice thing is that the game is fairly elegant, and most of the game's strategies involve using relatively simple cards. The strategy in deck building comes from putting together a good theme and making sure you can get the arrows to line up properly. There are a lot of card with powerful abilities that are rendered near useless because they only have one arrow.As for the rest of the game, it's clear that this game was meant to celebrate this developer's previous titles. The only one of those games I had played (or heard of) previously was the fairly good Zelda clone, Ittle Dew, so I got a few of the self-referential jokes. Even if you're not in on the references, though, and I doubt you will be, this game has a lot of goofy humor, between the bizarre characters and funny backgrounds. I thought the music in this game was fine, with the exception of one or two tracks thay annoyed me. The art style is very cartoony and drawn in very thick lines, and I think the graphics work well enough. I would have liked a few more choices for your avatar, though.Overall, Card City Nights is a pretty solid card game and an amazing bargain at $4. If you enjoy collectible card games, then this is definitely worth picking up and playing for a few hours."
76561197984397079,Recommended,271820,9168949,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Excel 2010,"relly fun gamedo not expect a hard core card game here. this is a tribute to all the games made by ludosityyou do not need to have played there other game to enjoy the fun of Card City Night thoughThe gameplay is clever and this feel more like a puzzle than a card game.the mechanique seems a bit light, but there are plenty of strategy and plenty of cards too.Humour is here too.also the sound design is really cool !this game fit totally for its price tag.(note that this is a single player only experience)"
,Recommended,271820,9170863,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Zubins,"Very Casual/Kinda Simplistic. But I love it! Reminds me of the old Pokemon TCG game for the gameboy. Singleplayer, but if you're into that kind of thing it's well worth the small cost."
,Recommended,271820,9171565,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Luiginico,"It's like playing the FF9 minigame Tetra Master, and the story mode brings back memories of the Duel Master GBA game.And the price tag is too low not to buy this game."
,Recommended,271820,9163373,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,naps,Easy and funny. Nice for quick play.
76561198051256544,Recommended,271820,9322987,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,pancakes,"When I originally bought this game it was on sale so i got for like $0.99 not expecting a lot going into it, but this game is easily worth $10.00. This is not a hardcore TCG, but if you play  Yu-Gi-Oh, Magic The Gathering, Pokemon, etc. (like me) you will also probably enjoy this game. (and if you don't it's still only the price of a booster pack) Now i'm not saying that you will only like this game if you like TCGs, in fact, I would reccomend this game to anyone. Young or Old, Big or Small, Card City Nights is for all! (wow, that sounded a lot more corny than I thought it would) Additionally, this game will at some point have online multiplayer. So that, along with an about 10 hour story mode and constant bug fixes and updates, its easily worth the measly $3.99 they are asking for."
,Recommended,271820,9326590,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,MikeC,"Great single player card game. Decent balance overall (some basis toward rushdown decks) and no microtransactions at a far price. Also, can't go wrong with work from Daniel Remar."
,Recommended,271820,9181146,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Threevenge,"This is a solid if not very casual collectible card game. Cards are placed in a 3x3 grid and when the arrows are aligned between enough cards they cause an effect. There's a few options on how to win: lower an opponent's health to zero from attacks or from taking damage when their deck runs out (a way to win with mill-type decks). Another option is to disable their cards, forcing their grid to fill up. If they can't play a card, they lose.It's this third option that turns out to be the easiest to exploit, making the game extremely easy. I enjoy the game but without tougher AI this will only get a single playthrough from me. However, I will enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,271820,9184117,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,BørneSnupperen,"YES, very creative and innovative card game, love the way you dont have to think very stragetically, but more logically! if this game could get some dlc with more story and cards, that would be icing on the cake! every dollar worth if you like card games"
,Recommended,271820,9184262,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Lisarax5813,"Fun CCG. Cards and opponents/NPC's are characters from other games by the same developer. Including Itlle Do(Steam) and Space Hunks(Mojam Bundle). Very fun, quite enjoyable, decent challenge with some derpy/joking AI or AI decks. Nifty chain combo."
76561198006797384,Recommended,271820,9184440,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,mateusz11322,"Game is really fun to play, even if someone doesn't like CTCG, like myself. Graphics style is really nice. What is worth notice is how quick developer react to all comments about UI or gameplay and published patches momentarily. UI is know really friendly and AI is better (although game is still easy and casual). Mechanics are quite unique, because it's 50-50 puzzle game and card game, so consider it if you want to play some Magic clone."
,Recommended,271820,9184621,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,lomaxgnome,"Fun and charming card based game from the makers of Ittle Dew. Great artwork, entertaining and funny writing (though not as consistantly as Ittle Dew). One of the best single player takes on the CCG genre I've played, unique battle style, fun collecting, and good deck options. Well worth picking up, especially for the low price."
76561198047767058,Recommended,271820,9186022,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Linear_Pro,Brings me back to the old days of Final Fantasy 8 and the all popular card game and brings it into the new age of gaming! Great game!
,Recommended,271820,9187225,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,zangebator,Casualfuntimekiller.
76561198003585036,Recommended,271820,9297154,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Sphinx,Nice casual game with interesting card mechanics.. and it's cheap. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,271820,9147292,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Melcadrien [Demochef],"You may think this game could be a reference to FF8's ""Triple Triad"".  It isn't exactly that since both you and an opponent use separate boards and the cards themselvs have an effect.  You can attack a card or them directly, boost your defense or restore your own disabled cards.It's fun.  However, it can get a bit grindy when you are looking for the right cards you want for your deck.  For the price of this game I'd say it is worth it.  Even more so when it is on sale."
76561197976874539,Recommended,271820,9144547,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,OpusTheFowl,"Great little game but way too easy and he AI needs some work as it can't handle card rotation/movement in its planning. But on sale it was just $2, I'd say grab it for 4-6 hours of light entertainment."
,Recommended,271820,9148629,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Garlyle Wilds,"While not nearly as deep as more fleshed-out TCG, Card City Nights is still moderately inventive and plenty enjoyable - which is, frankly, more than enough, considering it will run you less than the cost of a booster pack of any actual printed card game.Basically, if you liked the YGO portable card games, or any similar structure, CCN is worth it to check out and no hit to your wallet to do so."
,Recommended,271820,9149105,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mr.Pollack,"This game is really simple and fun for a time killing. Story (there is very little though) is kind of fun, and art style is really good. If you like scott prilgrim, you will like the overall design.Game itself is really short. I just finshed with about 8 hr. I think it's adequate because if it was longer, it would be boring. Most of all this game is very cheap. Grab while it's still on sale and have some fun memory.ps1. Game sometimes give you very unfair challege, but game itself is very easy so you won't have much a problem.ps2. Do not recommend for hardcore card gamers. Card battle is incredibly easy and AI is kind of stupid. Maybe for someone who's not accustomed these type of game."
,Recommended,271820,9149600,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Grickit,This is an adorable game with adorable art and an adorable sense of humor. Also cards.
76561198034309753,Recommended,271820,9150024,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Robbo,"A really fun little card game, if you are just looking for something small to burn a few hours on this could be your thing."
,Recommended,271820,9150633,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Miky_kr5,A fun card game with an adventure mode that plays like the card game from Knights of the Old Republic and starres a very funny cartoon gang of characters. A very good game that is worth more than what their devs are asking for it.
,Recommended,271820,9150804,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dark Star,"Plays like a mix between Pokemon Trading Card Game (for GBC) and Triple Triad, with goofy, charming art and characters. Also it's like $2-4. You'll love it."
,Recommended,271820,9151274,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,AAHvocado,This game is clever and wonderful and actually well designed as a card game! If you like opening packs and going on an adventure to collect legendary cards then do it!
,Recommended,271820,18314871,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Microsoft Powerpoint,A nice CCG with unique game mechanics. It has a neat cartoony story to it.
,Recommended,271820,18545141,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Alima3020,"I collect steam badges and every time i become a sale on games, i become on this game 90% so i bought it. I played it and it was so awesome i love this game! Very NICE!"
76561198088380930,Recommended,271820,18232596,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,emasterslake,"Card City Nights is a nod to all trading card game franchises. You play as a young woman named ""Cardplaya"" who has moved to an island where the biggest form of sport is trading card tournaments. Cardplaya will go on a quest to meet and challenge various opponents and obtain both new cards and prize money for purchases of new decks. The game is very addicting as at first the card battles seem complex, but it urges you to keep playing until you master the grounds of the game. After that the game is very simple and at time challenging depending on what type of cards you use against certain opponents.  The locations are very stylish and the characters are fun and adstract to check out. This game is a must have for trading card tournament lovers."
,Recommended,271820,18260737,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,「Erufuun Flipper」,Easy but enjoyable overall.If you like TCG's you'll enjoy this.
76561198072258754,Recommended,271820,18245451,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,nukeone007,"This game is starts off easy enough with simple atk and def tactics. It steadly ramps up in difficulty as more powerful cards are brought in with higher risk to reward payouts. Love the music in this game, and for its price, it's a masterpiece."
,Recommended,271820,18566743,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,lische,"Gameplay:Good. Final fantasy's Tetra Master, with added strategic elements such as disabling cards, depleting the enemy deck, and forcing the enemy to fill up his board. Very low skill floor, but with a much higher skill ceilingReplayabilityNeutral. What makes this game so fun to play is how certain enemies force you to strategize well. Although once you created specialized decks, most enemies are just a walk in the park.AudioGreat. Seriously, one of the reasons this game stays in my library is its beautifully composed soul, blues, jazz, hip-hop background music.VisualsGood. Cartoony style that reminds me strongly of the Scott Pilgrim universe. Cute, but retains the richness in details.TechnicalsNeutral. Small, non-gamebreaking issues like the clunky map navigation, and no option to clear up the deck. Somewhat that much important Settings button is hard to find"
,Recommended,271820,16571274,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avocados Are Good,"Do you like puzzles?  Do you like collectible card games?  Do you like quirky artstyles, ambient soundtracks and dialogue that you have to read!?Then look no further friend; here is your game.This gem is a $10 game being practically given away at $4.You'll definitely get your money's worth back on this investment and be left begging for more.9.5/10, better than Hearthstone.My only critique:  I wish there were more cards..."
,Recommended,271820,13848569,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Riskybiscuit,"Amazing game for killing time. Great game mechanics got me hooked on trying to build a good deck. Storyline is very cliche-ish, was able to kinda predict the ending. Overall, this is a really good game."
76561198047988603,Recommended,271820,16488293,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jason,"Do you like to watch videos, read books or do other things when you play games?  Then this is for you.  Doesn't take too much time to put together a theme deck and when you play you only have to pay the minimum amount of attention.  But if you want to put some extra effort together for something neat with your cards, you can do that.The aesthetics are nice, the number of decks and characters are acceptable, and the plot is simple and digestible."
76561198054047504,Recommended,271820,16529000,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Masclins,"It's extremely fun, but judge for my playtime if you want to buy it.It has not much replayability options, since once you'd beat the game, it's all trivial. And it doesn't take long to beat the game."
76561198055127531,Recommended,271820,16545834,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,QED,I really like this game. It is very well made. Graphics is cool and have a unique style. The gameplay is pretty fresh and has some decent depth to explore. I have lots of fun collecting cards and building decks. Worth 10+ hrs.
,Recommended,271820,18065228,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Moro,I won't even bother to write a review.All hail Apathetic Frog.
76561198045585175,Recommended,271820,16916015,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,voxelrobot,"Card City Nights is a game that's fun to just play whenever. Thinking about card placement and where to put what and having it work is a pretty good feeling, and Im satisfied with that."
76561198021656095,Recommended,271820,17482320,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Bohandas,"Very silly, but very fun.The mechanic of linking cards together to create combos based on their relative positions is unique and fun"
,Recommended,271820,17210864,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,BobxRawks³,"Probably one of the coolest card games I've ever played/beat.. and i hate TCGs.Seriously, buy it, love it"
,Recommended,271820,9176070,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,oatmeal,"This game hasn't been updated for quite a while, however, the developers have at least kept in touch. This game offers around 10 hours of gameplay for quite cheap. The soundtrack is great, and the battle system is unique. The AI can be beat by using one stategy for the entire game, however, it is still quite entertaining to do so with different combinations. Also, this game, despite the tags, is NOT a TCG. Anyone who tags this as one doesn't know what that stands for. There is NO  trading, thus, it is not a TRADING card game.I would reccommend this game to anyone who likes casual CCGs, or is looking for a game to spend some time on, without dropping too much $$$. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,271820,13854749,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,FelipeBudinich,Loved it!
,Recommended,271820,14047839,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,banished_one,"TCG with unique mechanics and well tought cards. Possible to make quite different decks with different win conditions. It has a great sound track. Well worth the full price, if you like TCGs don't wait for a sale just buy it."
,Recommended,271820,14185018,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Cowboy-boy,"good game, easily worth 5$. Especialy if you like single player card game."
76561198057449069,Recommended,271820,15547643,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Atlus12,"This game was very fun and incredibly addicting. Found myself saying, ""only one more battle,"" just to play eight more. The art and dialogue are humorous, and the card battle rules are fairly simple. Despite the simplicity, the variety of cards and the unique rules allow for a rich experience, especially if you spend time testing different deck strategies. Additionally, some of the opponents are very challenging, even though I only lost 2 duels."
,Recommended,271820,9175209,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[SoW] The Camera man,I game within a game.10/10
76561198010138987,Recommended,271820,9177514,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,MestizaMetaphor,"Card puzzle game? Alright, cool. I can not believe this game is actually fun. But it is."
,Recommended,271820,9128457,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sigmar,Really fun and addicting game.  Worth every penny and more.  I hope this game catches on and we see more content added over time.
,Recommended,271820,9129027,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wisp,Sooo worth it. ^^
76561198047992852,Recommended,271820,9121168,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Foo Fighter,"I love this game. I was bored out of my mind and saw this game, it looked good and was pretty cheap. It's a brilliant new card game with hilarious and difficult gameplay. So far I've played this game for two hours and it's one of my favorite games."
76561198023268058,Recommended,271820,9129639,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,[SCT] Harambillionaire,"Enemies early on kill themselves but good buy for $2 if you like card games. Actually gets a lot better as you go along, which is surprising as rag theth ahrgn rgaejgarg grajgno grgoirgbr bgriogaebgoargbufrgralgrbagbrklbgiragigbfkdnfaheighrih"
,Recommended,271820,9145769,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TheBrianJ,"Card City Nights is not the most complex, in-depth, or smart game out there. But it's a game that knows what it wants to be, and god DAMN does it do it well.It's a very simple card game: YOu have to link cards on a 3x3 grid to each other to either attack your opponent, boost your defense/life, or revive a card that's been hurt on your field. The game ends either when one person can't play a card, or one person's life is dropped to zero.It's a simple game, it's not super ambitions, but what it is is fun. It's less Yu-Gi-Oh, more Othello... a minute to learn, a lifetime to master.I really hope this game does well, because it absolutely deserves praise, and more importantly, I hope that it does well enough for the developers to implement some online play. That would put the cherry on top of this game."
76561197989774678,Recommended,271820,9146040,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,imperatorxi,"A lot of fun. Great strategy (although so far disabling cards to lock the board and win works too often), and oddly addictive. Got it on sale, but worth the full price."
76561198072592225,Recommended,271820,10381730,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,faust.twi,too simple - i played all games besides one with single card set.but gay bar in children games? amazing idea!
,Recommended,271820,13468518,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,booo9wario,Probably one of the best card games on PC.
,Recommended,271820,13799906,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Elcan,Fun and easy to get into. Music soundtrack is gold.
,Recommended,271820,14609605,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Osmium Spork,"I wasn't sure what to think about this game when I picked it up, but for the price of $3.99, I figured at the worst, I wouldn't be out anything much more than my pride...  I've been an avid player of CCGs for a number of years and I've seen some great ones and some terrible ones, both in physical and in digital formats.  This is one of the better ones.  I wouldn't say it's a great CCG, but it's definitely not the worst, nor is it even close to being so.  It's quite good.The game's mechanic of connecting points at the sides and corners of the cards took me a little getting used to as it's different to what I'm used to as far as making attacks, but once I figured out how to effectively build a deck, it's fun.Speaking of deck building, one awesome feature of this game is that it's a one-time purchase.  You buy it and you get access to all of the cards in the game via gameplay (either by winning them, getting them in booster packs, or buying them with in-game currency).  None of that ""buy the game for $20 and then pay $1 for boosters"" crap.  This game knows that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and it deosn't play that way.  It loves you and understands that your money is valuable to you.The artwork is a little ""meh"", but it's whimsical at teh same time.  I've never played the game that it's based on, Ittle Dew, but maybe that's part of the charm that I don't get because of that.  The humor in the game is clean and chuckleworthy.  The game has in-game strategy help via talking to the characters in the game.  Unfortunately, the in-game characters are the only ones that you'll meet as there is no multiplayer support.  My only real complaint here is this, but, it's a BIG one.  This game is fun but after you beat it (which takes all of about 8-12 hours, from what I hear).  My only other complaint is that there's no cloud saves.  If this could happen, I might buy the mobile version to play on the go.  Fix both these issues, and you've got a classic...From what I've played so far, this game is quickly becoming a new favorite of mine.  If you like CCGs, whimsy, and good clean fun, try this one on for size.     7/10"
,Recommended,271820,14394165,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ratwrath,"This is a fantastic deck construction game.  You fight battles on a 3 x 3 grid that each player has.  The cards contain either attack, neutral, defense, or revive symbols or a combination of them.  Each card has arrows pointing to cardinal directions around the card.  Some cards have more arrow directions than others.  Some cards have special abilities as well.  You must play cards to link the arrows until you have three symbols matched in which case the majority symbol action is taken and the activated cards are removed.  Reduce your opponent from 7 starting health to 0.All the cards are contained in the game with nothing more to buy.  You fight card battles to win more cards.  Building your deck(s) with the right arrow and symbol combinations and then playing them to their maximum potential is very strategic and addicting.  This game has been a blast to play."
,Recommended,271820,14524056,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Llobster,"If you've ever enjoyed anything like Magic: The Gathering or any other CCGs, then you may want to give this title a look.  It has a ruleset that is fresh and different from other card games I have played.  It is very simple and easy to grasp, but after you start in a little bit you will see there is a ton of viable strategies for deck building and you can come up with some really interesting combos.  As you play different people in the game you will be rewarded with booster packs with random cards in it that allow you to expand your library and tinker around with your strategy.  Different opponents give you packs from different sets and I found it really fun to see what else I might get with repeated battles.The AI  starts off really horribly stupid, but this is fine since you start with a limited starter deck, and the difficulty slowly increases as it gives you time to build a library and contruct different decks for different situations.  The story is super silly and light-hearted.The only downfall is that there is no multiplayer.  I would love to play my decks I've built against a friend online.  I'm half tempted to find a way to make these cards in real life to play as I think it would be a fun game with friends.Even without multiplayer I think that Card City Nights is worth the purchase.  At only $4 it certainly was worth it for me."
,Recommended,271820,14670908,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,E-Machine,"This trading card battle game is the perfect game for me. It emphasizes positioning with the various card abilities. The cards are on a 9x9 grid (like tic tac toe), and you can win by full out assault, by making your opponent run out of spots to place cards, or by making your opponent discard to zero cards. The AI is terrible in the beginning, letting you experiment with different strategies. By the time the game increases in difficulty, you will have some legendary and rare cards to deal with it.The downsides are that the game only has a story mode (no multiplayer). The art style may turn people off too, but I like the charm of the characters and cartoon nature of it. The company that makes this game makes apps too, but I've never played any of them, so I don't recognize any of the characters.This charming, strategic card game is $4, and you will easily get your monies worth. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,271820,15654086,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Loner's Shadow,One of the most Fun Card Games i ever played
76561197963322988,Recommended,271820,20134165,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Diet,"A great game with comical dialog, fun game play, and a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,271820,20161809,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SolidStateDuality,This game has references to games made by Daniel Remar.10/10 Skater Girl is best waifu.
76561198004145760,Recommended,271820,19660977,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Avenger8,"I'd say for 4 bucks it's a good game. Certain battles are challenging, the last one is massively frustrating. Overall I had fun."
,Recommended,271820,20053577,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kuddly Dragon,"Fun card game, definitely worth getting at full price. Finding it on sale is even a plus."
,Recommended,271820,19973590,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Snax,"Honestly, this is one of my favorite games of the year right here (I just found out about it this year so that's why). As someone who loved Yu-Gi-Oh! and dabbled in Magic The Gathering, I thought I'd give this a shot since it was only $2. When you start the game, you're thrown into a tutorial and it teaches you the unique way to battle. The way this game is different in how you battle is that not only do the cards matter, but where you place them matters even more. Each card has its own unique layout of arrows that you have to connect with other arrows on other cards, as well as matching the different card types (Attack, Defense, and Neutral). Using this, you go through the town and battle different unique and quirky people and work your way to the top.The only thing I'm not that fond of in this game is there's really only one dominant strategy, and it's offense offense offense. I wish there were different ways to beat enemies, like milling or a defense-type thing. But even then, there is strategy in building your deck on how you should be offensive.But all in all, the battle system is unique and the characters are fun to talk to and battle. Seriously, buy this game. Buy it for full price, because it's worth it. And if it's on sale, that's even more reason to buy it!P.S. If you go on the ""Dollar per Hour of Gameplay"" motto, I got it for $2 and it took me 8 to beat the game once and an additional 2 to do some of the post-game stuff."
,Recommended,271820,20496461,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,4inForeign,"Be warned, you're ugly no matter which character you choose."
76561198117861731,Recommended,271820,20619122,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Reyadh.Rahaman,"I had a lot of fun with card city nights. It was all the fun of a good yu-gi-oh game but more streamlined with simpler rules.The artstyle and colour choices are pleasing to the eye and there are some very interesting character designs. This bizarre world you play in seems to operate on its own rules and give you the feeling that you're just in a part of a crazy city that is obsessed with this card game. Purple people and sentient turnips are great to play against, strangely enough.The music is surprisingly catchy. At first I didn't think much of it, but after a couple hours the tunes started to grow on me. There were times where I would catch my foot tapping to the beat. Good music helps me think as well, so it was very welcome in a strategy/card game.There were enough cards to make you want build your collection, but not enough that having a goal of getting them all would be too annoying. The strategies that you can come up with vary quite a bit and everyone who plays this game will have a different strategy.Multiplayer would be a cool feature to add if there are enough people interested. I would love to try out my hyper snake deck on real people since the AI in this game is a bit easy."
,Recommended,271820,18429577,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Highuse,I wish there was a Match mode for Two player action.
,Recommended,271820,12283049,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,diazflac,"Surprisingly addictive.This is one of those rare games where I knew I wanted to get 100% completion rate on it.For those of you familiar with the Final Fantasies of the early 2000s, this game is a lot like the card mini game tetra master from FF8, FF9, or FF11.If you've played Ittle Dew, you'll see some familiar characters here.Basically gameplay takes place on 2 grids, one for you and one for your opponent, where you place the various cards you've collected. Each card has a set of directional arrows, and making a combo of at least 3 cards by connecting the arrows scores some points against the opponent.There are offensive, defensive, and healing card types, as well as neutral card types which usually have some sort of ability when you place them in combo chains.The goal is to reduce your opponent's points to 0 before they do the same for yours. Either that or force your opponent to fill up all 9 spaces on their grid and they won't be able to place any more cards and will lose.It's a simple premise, but quite addicting trying to collect all the cards and win as many matches as you can with the decks you build.Recommended if you enjoy some good casual strategery."
76561198022548818,Recommended,271820,30624027,Posted: 19 March,all,ANC REMEC,"Very addictive and easy to learn card game.  Let's you build your own decks using booster packs from defeating opponents.  I was surprised how much fun this game is, and the soundtrack is groovy.   Good game for kids of all ages."
76561198079916930,Recommended,271820,16429376,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,samster100,"A beautiful game. Starts of with the tutorial as usual. Everything is very well explained and there are various strategies to win. The fun comes from the system that uses chains of cards to build combos. It feels very balanced. I played it for 4 hours straight and it doesn't feel like i'm half way through the story yet. This has been a relatively short review but i'll break it down into the pros and conspros:- balanced gameplay- Amazing sound track- Fun (if not slightly boring/typical) characters.cons:- sometimes the first draw is bad and there's no sort of re-draw system- despite varying effects for people who enjoy games like magic the combat can seem rather too simple.- cards are inspired by characters/items from their previous games, which 99% of people won't get.over all it's a very enjoyable experience, varied music, interesting cards and some different techniques, I'd recommend it :)"
,Recommended,271820,9229610,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,chrominance,"I bought this game expecting a basic card game with a small story to keep people playing. It turns out there's more to the card game mechanics than it would seem at first glance. Card City Nights gives you a 3x3 grid to play cards on, and asks you to make combos by joining groups of two or three cards together to perform certain actions. Cards connect to each other only in certain ways, so making sure you've got the right cards in your deck and knowing when to deploy them is crucial. Later you'll discover different ways to interact with cards, including rotating, moving and disabling cards, lending additional depth to the game.Beating the game itself is relatively straightforward, though certain opponents will exploit weaknesses in your strategy, forcing you to take a second look at your deck. The real fun parts lie in trying to get the achievements, which really get you to closely examine the cards available to you and think about how you can combine them to achieve goals that seemed impossible at the start of the game.Outside the basic gameplay, the art style's pretty neat (though it's an acquired taste) and the music is pretty addictive. The story is really just there to lend some structure to the card battles, but the recurring cast of characters are at least endearing and goofy. Overall, I was surprised by how much I liked this game. Definitely worth the four bucks."
,Recommended,271820,15693647,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Yngar,Bought this game sight-unseen because I loved ittle-dew so much. They could have charged $10 for this game and it would still be a bargain.
76561198078378071,Recommended,271820,9541426,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,HouseofThere,"One of those happy little surprises that you stumble upon every now and then. Deceptively simple at first, I found myself quickly getting roped into the strategy of building a up my deck and carefully choosing between offensive and defensive moves. The AI is challenging and the soundtrack sets a really chill tone. If you want a really good timekill that engages the brain, pick this up. The price is well worth it."
,Recommended,271820,11949433,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,John Smith,A way better game than Yu-gi-oh now that they have all those op cards. This game is so balanced that there isn't a forbidden list
,Recommended,271820,10698270,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Draco711,"As a card game fan, I couldn't help but give this game a shot, and I don't regret it. It is a good card game that really feels like a new puzzle each time you play it. The cards themselves aren't extremely memorable, but the strategy of building decks and learning to adapt to your opponent's playstyle really works well, making this well worth the time I have put into it so far."
76561197999370543,Recommended,271820,11044486,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Nerowastaken,"There are a few games out there that have you roam an area, fighting all the card game player dudes you come across and winning their money and stuff. This is one of them, and it does the genre well."
76561198064010982,Recommended,271820,10943000,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rockpath,"As a fan of card games, I found myself pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed this game. It has a pretty interesting concept and although incredibly easy to win in the beginning, the difficulty does increase over time, which made the game more fun overall. The game itself is very simple with how it works, so if you are a fan of complex card games that require a lot of thinking, then you might not enjoy this game, but if you are looking for a simple and enjoyable card game that does not require a lot of thought, then this might be a good game for you to try out."
,Recommended,271820,11066064,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,bioxz,"Such a cool game! You play a card game like Magic with health points on both sides and try to force the enemy health to zero. On a 3x3 board (with many cool designs to unlock) you place cards from your deck (you can create up to six decks from your card inventory and customize them) and try to create card combos for offense or defense.The game does have a story line, which is straight forward, but still about 10 hours long. The game contains more than a hundred cards, enemies with very diverse tactics and card decks, cool characters from many games and a funky soundtrack."
76561197966255486,Recommended,271820,10967662,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Soundless -d-.-b-,"Fun little ccg game that will make you laugh and go ""what the hell is that?"" to some of the art haha."
,Recommended,271820,10930397,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,randomhobo49,Loved it! Interesting ideas well executed and that lovely 'indie'feel to package it all together. And for $3.99? Easily worth it.
76561197982589138,Recommended,271820,10933230,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Iniera,Quirky and fun game that fills a very specific itch.  If you like the card mini games from FF8 and FF9 you'll enjoy the gameplay here.  The animations and art work is smooth and the rediculous characters and card art/descriptions is amusing.  I really wish more developers would jump into the single player CCG genre!Definitely worth the price!
,Recommended,271820,10744283,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,increaseblue,"Very cute and simple game. Not laden with numerous stats and effects like Magic, but much simpler with some challenge. The art and music are great and it's definitely worth checking out at this price."
,Recommended,271820,11573681,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Kokoloko,"Relaxing, nightly atmosphere, a jazz-soundtrack, a whole town of cardplaying, silly yet cool characters, basic storyline, excellent combat system that is simple to learn, hard to master, difficulty itself gets harder with the time till you rage the ♥♥♥♥ at the last few enemies and all in all an insane pricetag for such a good game."
,Recommended,271820,11625819,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Punished KHRS,"Warning: Skip to the end for tl;dr. I talk about a lot of irrelevant♥♥♥♥♥♥This is a game I was interested in for a while. After looking at the description it reminded me of not only one of my favorite games as a kid, but one of my favorite games of all time, Pokemon Trading Card Game for the Gameboy Color. IMO PKMN TCG was better than 80% of all of the Pokemon games ever made. It had a really fun battle mechanic, fun characters, fun sidequests that you would expect to be in a JRPG (i.e. doing certain things or trading to get rare cards), it was actually challenging unlike the standard Pokemon games (hurrdurr rock beats paper, idiot) and it had a lot of depth for both a seemingly simplistic Gameboy game AND as a Pokemon game.First Impression: I could tell from the previews that this game had a fun and cartoony art style and characters, so I knew not to expect hyper realistic GRAFIX going in, and I didn't mind, the cartoony art style and the weird characters not only compliment each other, but the setting was appropriate for a ""TCRPG"" (Trading Card Role Playing Game). The setting wasn't overly dramatic and it wasn't some♥♥♥♥♥♥eating ""deep"" social commentary that hipster indie devs like to throw into their games for no reason.The gameplay is simple enough, point and click adventure-y stuff with trading card battles (which are also point and click). I played this on a Microsoft Surface Pro so it was pretty easy to play. If you're using a desktop and mouse, it might be slightly more annoying due to having to move the mouse all over and having to plant yourself in front of your computer. If you have a laptop that doesn't have a touch screen or you don't have a traditional mouse to use with it I'd really recommend looking into buying the Android port of this game, this is a game that really plays best with a touch screen and it's also more relaxing to play in bed or in your spare time as things can get dull just sitting in front of a computer since this game doesn't feature much variation in how it plays.The game was easy enough to control, but let's talk about the core of the game, the TCG. At first the TCG was kind of confusing, you place cards on a grid and they have to connect with arrows and all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I pretty much won my first couple of games by luck because I really didn't understand the strategies well enough to do anything coherent. However, by the time you're ready to fight your first ""boss"" you should be able to have a general understanding of the main deck strategies and card types. The game does a pretty decent job of teaching you how to play and adapt to increasing opponent difficulty.Now to pick out the criticisms I had about the game. This section should be a little less macular degenerating. I'm just going to pick out some things that I personally disliked about the game, you might agree or disagree, I don't really care. Just remember that I have somewhat overly high standards.- Cards scale in strength and effectiveness.This isn't something that I personally think makes the game bad, but when it comes to TCGs, I really dislike this. Basically, you start off with both you and your opponents using a bunch of weak, stupid cards that can barely pull off any kind of high damage or chain combo. However, the more you progress into the game, the stronger the cards get. What this means is that as the game goes on, cards that you used before can go from being the bread and butter of your deck to being completely outclassed and obsolete. Now, going back to Pokemon, imagine that when you go to fight your first gym leader you have a team of 3 weak pokemon. Now, at the time, they might be able to beat the first boss, but if you were to go directly to the next gym leader without any kind of interim training, you would get completely rekt. Now, imagine instead of training your pokemon to get stronger, you just catch a bunch of stronger pokemon and just throw your old pokemon into the trash. Theoretically this is a viable strategy, but it takes away most of the fun of pokemon games, being able to train your pokemon from being a bunch of bowl-cut, glasses-wearing noobs into a team of Hulk Hogan American heroes. Back to CCN, as the game goes on both you and your opponents keep getting newer and stronger cards. The strategies you use might stay the same and similar enemy deck types might stay the same, but now your cards are just slightly stronger. Now, for something like Final Fantasy this is an acceptable formula, but the thing that makes TCGs fun is the degree of strategic complexity. Would you rather keep playing against new enemies with unique decks and strategies or would you rather just keep fighting the same guys over and over but each one being slightly stronger than the last? The ""Card Gods"" at the end of the game have some of the most clever and difficult strategies out of anyone in the entire game, but there's only 4 of them and that's after you wade through the huge river of regurgitated goons that serve as checkpoints throughout the game. IMO, a good TCG should have as many ""viable"" cards as possible. If we're talking about something on as large of a scale as YuGiOh then of course there are going to be old cards that can't even hold a candle to some of the newer, crazier cards, but CCN is a game that can be beat in <10 hours and probably has less than 200 cards. If they spent more time creating efficient cards instead of just making tiers of cards then I think the game could have been a lot more complex and fun.- The TCG system is too basic.I honestly think that you can beat the entire game using the starter deck and maybe a couple of early cards. I know I just spent like 2 years talking about cards becoming obsolete and useless, but the thing is that the actual base TCG features overly simple mechanics combined with simple enemy AI. There are 3 main strategies; pure damage (attacking an enemy directly), preventing them from placing cards (blocking up their board) and making them run out of cards. It might be harder to do with weak cards, but once you devise a strategy based on one of the above methods of winning then it's possible to just go through the enire game with the same cards and either rushing the enemy's HP or blocking up their board. I mean, this obviously wasn't designed to be a game with some huge, competitive meta game, but with the number of opponents you have to fight and the fact that you can beat them using the same strategy (there might be like 3 or 4 enemies that require a different approach), the game can feel pretty repetitive.-The game doesn't have a lot of contentIt's a short game, <10 hours, but the biggest problem is that the game is too formulaic. There's 8 bosses, each occupying a certain area and following the formula of wiping out their goons and then eventually fighting them. It was fun the first and even the 2nd time, but by the 4th (not to mention the 8th) time it got old really fast. The only thing that drives you forward is seeing both the new cards and new characters (and wanting to beat the game, obviously). I really loved the characters though, despite this being my first game from this dev and CCN featuring a lot of cameos of their other game characters. The only thing that even comes close to variation is the little hidden coins mini-game. Each area has coins hidden in the scenery which I thought was fun.Overall thoughts: In the end, I enjoyed the game a lot. I liked the characters, the setting, the gameplay (for the most part) and the ""style."" It was just enjoyable overall. I bought the game for $2 (regular price is like $4) and i think for that price it's a pretty good game, but with the lack of content and how easy most of the game is I'd say to go for the Android version (which is $2 and controls better with a touch screen). It's a good TCRPG, but not very complex, might be fun for kids or any fan of TCGs such as myself."
,Recommended,271820,11818991,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Zxadventurer,"Fun little card game that is worth every dollar you pay for it. A must have if it goes on sale. Card City Nights revisits the old days of Trading card games at its peak where virtually everyone is playing it. With the combination of a brilliant soundtrack and a refreshing art style that is easy on the eye, Card City Nights gets you excited and raring to go at the world within it. The card game mechanic is decent and works and as I played this since Day 1, the patches to the game have balanced some easy ways out making a varied playstyle more viable. (I have yet to play through the game again with the new patches but from the little I replayed so far, the game is still as fun as I left it the first time I completed it) Card City Nights is a good small game to enjoy with some decent fun being able to be had for simply 15 minutes of Gameplay. Get it Now!"
,Recommended,271820,10246401,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Rei,"This game is one of my favorites. If you're a fan of Yu-Gi-Oh or Pokemon you might find this game a level higher than addicting. Even if you don't play the game I highly reccomend you listen to the soundtrack, there where times mid-music where I couldn't help but click along with the beat. The gameplay is near perfect while the cards that you use arn't broken and fairly balanced for the most part.  There where some parts toward the end of the game where you had to really think about what kind of decks you where using, but I still enjoyed it through and through. The cards do get buffed/nerfed every few months and this is also a plus. You can also tell the developers of this game have a very clear perspective of what consumers want. Definetly one to buy when you've got a spare few bucks."
76561198134534470,Recommended,271820,16245888,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,java,very fun and original card game
76561198038317862,Recommended,271820,23175888,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Space Ghost,"Card City Nights is a great casual adventure that is worth several playthroughs. The soundtrack takes this game to a new level with a jazz/hiphop fusion that fits with the wacky and bizzare world your character inhabits.The gameplay takes some getting used to as instead of fighting with monsters and spells, you have cards with directional arrows on them that connect and have different effects based on said connections. However, once understood Card City Nights takes on a new life as you try and figure out the optimal strategies against each opponent and craft the best cards available to make grinding packs quick and easy. Hope Ludosity makes another one soon."
,Recommended,271820,23748626,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cryogenic,need multiplayer for this amazing game
76561198124722965,Recommended,271820,23816476,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,porygon.exe,"WARNING: THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS FOR THE END! SKIP DOWN TO THE BOTTOM FOR THE TLDRplaying threw this game i had plenty of good things to say. the art style is nice, its funny, and the card game itself is fairy balanced (if not having some useless cards but every game does). but all these positive things i had to say were over shadowed a bit by the final match. long story short your final match is against some one who is useing every legenday card and has multiples of rares. the ai seems to have every card needed to counter any strategy at each time. its made to be unfair and along with that it takes away the fun. yes you can probably beat them eventually but its an exercise in tedium where you will eventually get mad, put the game down and move on to something else or just fight older opponets. however the game is still fun to play just not fun to beat. however for a 5$ price tag you do get enough fun out of it to justify the purchase and its certainly more entertaining than most phone games of the same price.TLDR: good visuals fun and occasionally challengeing gameplay marred by a overly difficult final fight. you could do much worse for the price.full price: you can easily get your moneys worth of this game just expect some frustration if you intent to beat it.sale: definaly! when this games on sale its like 2$ a must play for card game fans."
76561198052876751,Recommended,271820,24028852,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xmas,"A bit short, but fun game."
,Recommended,271820,23874284,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Man of Ban,">6 hours in-game>4 hours spent trying to beat little dude>not even the real ittle dew0/10, worst game[do actually recommend though]"
,Recommended,271820,23997319,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Syndrometurtles,"I usually dislike these style of ""card games"" although I actually enjoyed this game for all of the ten hours I had played. A cool idea for this game would be multiplayer because it has the potential for a strategic multiplayer game. But overall great story and totally worth the small amount of money it is."
,Recommended,271820,10034801,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Terminaz,It's fun card game and low price.
76561197970339445,Recommended,271820,22211812,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,++,"It is a small game, but fun for a while. More a puzzle game than a deck builder in my opinion."
76561198000328048,Recommended,271820,22133838,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Chaotexe,"My only complaint is that there isn't more of this game to enjoy. A simply fantastic, simple CCG that has a very unique approach to the genre. Definitely worth its modest price."
,Recommended,271820,22331282,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,LuckyRoot,"A very creative and cute card game!It combines the aspects of the traditional card games with tic tac toe-like puzzles that can create a variety of combos that can bring numerous elements to the battle.Not to mention that it has a cute, cartoony, and colorful artstyle with diverse, unique, and interesting characters to interact and cards you can obtain^^This game will provide you hours of addictive gameplay where you will be able to truly test your persistance and creativity in terms of creating your very own effective deck and gameplay style.If you've played any of the Ludosity's previous titles, the fun will be doubled as you meet some of the characters you already knew and loved in different fashion~!I promise you that this game will be a unique and worthy addition to your game library and offer a refreshing experience to your gaming life ;)"
,Recommended,271820,9412135,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Namikai,"An interesting card game with a cool art style, awesome soundtrack, and fun gameplay. To beat your opponent you have to connect three (or more/less) arrows on your cards, then you will either revive a card, damage the enemy or their cards, or give yourself more defense. All the cards are characters from other games such as Ittle Dew, Space Hunk, etc.Rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,271820,22655606,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Enkazadas The Conquistador,"An absolutely excellent and fabulous card game. I sincerely and thoroughly reccomend this to anyone who has ever been a fan of card games at any point. Excellent art, excellent characters, fun dialogue, and an interesting premise. Thoroughly, Highly suggested. I'm also pretty sure it's free"
,Recommended,271820,23033336,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Skulls,I was sitting around bored thinking to myself. I have 40+ games in my wishlist maybe I should try one. I sorted it by price and bought the cheapest one which was this. It's given me hours of enjoyment for a very low price. I highly recommend it. It's an interesting little card game with a fun mechanic and you get to open packs and keep changing your deck. It reminds me of when I used to play Knights of the Old Republic and spent hours just playing Pazaak.
,Recommended,271820,25302543,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Pickle Tickler,"Absolutely stunning!A cutesy art style combined with an innovative and original board game that has lots of replayability and will keep completionists at it for hours! The balance between decks is a little askew (my aggro deck I made early in the game still remains undefeated) but for what this is it's definitely worth a fiver, never mind £2.79Music is ok, nothing to scream aboutGameplay is simple to learn, hard to masterFish and Frog is loveFish and Frog is life<3"
76561198071864629,Recommended,271820,14893182,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,bejeweledmaster,"I picked up this game on sale, and was glad I did. This game was my introduction into card-deck building and card games. The mechanics were simple, but fun, and everything worked well in the game. I liked the graphics and art, and the speed of the game. This was a game that I played to be comfortable, to relax,  to build a deck and to have a great time. It's encouraged me to check into other card-deck games, but so far this is the one I like the most.I would recommend this game to any person who is new or an experienced hand to the genre - even if you play FPS or point-and-clicks like I do, you'll get some fun out of this nice title."
,Recommended,271820,29575944,Posted: 29 January,all,metadata3388,Great Strategy Game without Original TCG Rule.i must be like this game after played some.
76561198018943226,Recommended,271820,29127402,Posted: 8 January,all,Larimar,"This little card game was alot of fun and well worth the money. It does ot have much replayability and as a stand alone it does not develop or change, but playing through it was rather enjoyable."
,Recommended,271820,9184519,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,maybe 10%,"I really like this game, I think you should play it."
76561198207083779,Recommended,271820,28263666,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Zaijka,"This is a very fun and amusing game.  I especially like to read the comments on the card and ""grind"" for cards to create new ones.  Many strategies to find and secrets even after the game is beat.  Thank you for making a fun game! :)"
,Not Recommended,271820,28126119,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,darkmoose,the game leaves a warm fuzzy feeling inside with a nicely built atmosphere but many aspects fall short of which the most prominent is the fun in actual game play. it may be worth a try but I cannot bring myself to progress in the game.
76561198073570428,Recommended,271820,29227177,Posted: 13 January,all,D3LTA48,"I have poured ten hours into this game now, and I cannot get enough! The characters and gameplay are all so fresh and well made. There is plenty of room to play with your own style, and there are tons of cards to collect. All of the Ludosity characters are in this, including some of the more obscure ones such as Muri.The card game itself is awesome, and can get intense. Honestly I wish there were more people to fight (or even online?), because you learn how to beat each opponent. That's my only gripe. Other than that, well worth a look!"
,Recommended,271820,13061184,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MPO,"One of my favorite games, and definitely my favorite CCG.  Absolutely every feature oozes with style, and my only gripe is that one strategy might be enough for the whole game.  Absolutely 100% buy right now go do it now.  Buy the soundtrack too.You really feel like you're making friends with all of the characters, and it feels natural to keep going after you beat the game.  A heartwarming and fun experience."
76561198067567357,Recommended,271820,33837658,Posted: 27 July,all,Sapphirewave,"It's fun, a little goofy, and over all a good time.There are parts of the game that can be irritating and some cards feel a little broken, but that doesn't take too much away from the overall enjoyment."
,Recommended,271820,9193136,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,kovcsboti,"I can easily reccomend this game for this (2-4 euro) price. It's a fun, casual game. It has an interesting artstyle aswell. This game is great for half hour sessions. It has a funny storyline (if you can call it that). The soundtrack is awesome and the 3x3 table way of doing things is unique (at least I haven't seen it anywhere else). If you are looking for a cheap game for a few hours of fun, than this game is for you. If on the other hand you want to play a game with deep gameplay or story or visuals you won't find it here."
76561198005326661,Recommended,271820,34531704,Posted: 27 August,all,MangaPinches,"There is a lot to love about this game.The atmosphere is fun and quirky.  The soundtrack has some AMAZING songs and some underwhelming ones.  The card system is pretty fun up until the ""soft end"" of the game.  Then it becomes less fun and more frustration.  The deck building management gets the job done but it becomes frustrating once you get more cards.SPOILERS AHEAD**********************************Basically the grind to get better cards is too hard in comparison to the challenge at the Lemon boss.  I knew my deck could win but I also knew that the CHEATER could beat me in 4 turns if they got the right cards.I did beat that cheater after about 7 matches but it was a frustrating grind.  I found myself praying that he would draw the wrong cards or misplay.  Otherwise I had little chance.  That is less strategy and fun...instead it is a RNG religious session.When I discovered there was more to the game and I hadn't beaten it yet I was ready to peace out.  I did really like a lot about this game though.  I am on the fence about the sequel.Cautiously recommended."
